




The Terrorist's Game
(Level One)
by
Terri Dixon
(Nina Kindred)

Cover Art Designed By

Greyson Wesley-Parker

Thank you so much!


Dedicated to my ever supportive friends:
Danielle Viens, Daphne Eichner, Brian Wilklow, Greyson Wesley-Parker
And my family:
Andy and Jared
It's not always easy to find time with all we have going on, but I appreciate you all standing by me and my dreams.

Other Books
by
Terri Dixon
(Nina Kindred)
The Ring of the Queen (The Lost Tsar Trilogy Book I)
The Queen in Exile (The Lost Tsar Trilogy Book II)
The Destiny Dream

The Terrorist's Game
Part I
"I keep waiting to meet a man who has more balls than I do." 
-Salma Hayek

Talia Anderson sat straight up in bed, sweating profusely, shaking violently.  The sun illuminated her bedroom through the floor to ceiling wall of windows that separated her from her 65 story high terrace that overlooked Manhattan.  The borough below and the nearly 2 million people in it, had no idea and frankly, didn't care that one of the richest women in the country was waking to the searing sun from a nightmare that she had nearly every single night.
She shook her head full of long curly bright red hair and rubbed her bright blue eyes, then dropped her head into her pale white hands and cried.  "No one should have to deal with this."
Nearly every night, the tortured woman's mind took her to a mysterious place in a haunting dream.  She passed through a crowded old town square in her dream to a house in the middle of a row of like houses at its edge.  There were at least six houses that appeared to be a single block long building, indicative of old world Europe.  She walked to the black one.  It was the only black stone house in the row.  She stopped in front of it and looked at the carvings above the doors and windows.  They were nearly white against the black stone walls.  What may have been a Madonna perched over the door, and a man on horseback and a man in robes over the windows.  Over the large wooden doors it said "museum".  There was a sign on the doors that said "closed".  Both were in Cyrillic. She reached out for the doorknob, turned it, and went inside.
Inside was what appeared to be an office.  She waited.  A man entered the room from a door behind the massive carved wooden desk that sat in front of her.  His hair was nearly black, his forehead long, his expression brooding, his eyes so dark brown they were nearly black.  He was tall and broad shouldered with muscular arms and a narrow waist like a body builder.  The man was Dmitri, Talia's husband.  
The two had an entire conversation, but she could not remember what it was about.  She remembered that he'd smiled at her, and remembered feeling hatred toward him.  She could only remember so much of her nightmare but definitively remembered that Dmitri  turned into a giant red serpent, towering over her.  She  pulled a gun from somewhere on her person, but where she had no idea.  In what she could only presume was a fit of rage and fear, she leveled the gun at the serpent, and shot it.   That was all she could remember, because that was when she always woke up.
Why would she shoot the man that she’d loved nearly half of her life?  Why would she dream such a horrifying thing?  She thought that maybe she was angry with him for dying, but that didn’t make any sense.  It wasn't his fault he was murdered.  She missed him desperately every minute of the day and night.  She hadn’t so much as noticed another guy since the day she met Dmitri.  Talia had been devoted to her husband.  She idolized him, and wanted nothing more than for his death to never have happened so she could be with him.  Where was the house that she was dreaming about, and why had the man she loved suddenly turned into a serpent in her dream?
She shook off the post nightmare anxiety.  It was only a nightmare, no matter how many times she had it and she had more pressing matters at that moment.  First, and foremost was the situation that had landed a man, whom she'd never met before 12 hours ago, on the sofa in front of her fireplace.
Talia exited her room, then stopped and stood behind the dark grey linen overstuffed sectional sofa that set the tone for her uniquely designed living room that was a complex mix of girly girl and tomboy casual.  The room was most of one side of her penthouse covering nearly 2,000 square feet of the dwelling.  Chango & Company designers had created for her an area that could accommodate cocktail parties, yet be a great Saturday spot to watch her Hoyas play football.  
Both the carpeted and tile sections of the floor were pale pink, which even though she had Raggedy Ann red hair, was her favorite color.  She often considered dying her hair pink, but she couldn't bring herself to alter the family hair color.  The linen upholstered grey sofas of various prints were designed for comfort and went well with pink.  Throw pillows were pink.  Rugs were varying colors of pink.  The walls were almost white they were so light a grey.  Artwork was feminine, delicate and from all over the world.  In the middle of the living room was the free standing electric fireplace, and separating the living space from the kitchen was a fully stocked bar entirely made of hand carved wood.  The media wall and the wall of windows completed the room opposite one another.
The man was still there, asleep on her sofa, sprawled out across both sofa and the overstuffed ottoman that she preferred to a chaise.  He was taller than she'd first thought.  There was something athletic about his thin body.  Had he not been dressed in cheap off the rack clothes that reminded her of a college professor, she would have pondered whether or not he might play the position of guard in basketball.  His straight plain brown hair needed both a cut and style, and some highlights to accentuate his dark Italian looking skin.  Talia guessed his age was roughly 35.  His thick lensed glasses, lying on the floor where they must have fallen as he slept, made her think that he may be intellectual.
"Who are you, how did you breach my security, and why did the Ambassador of Qatar, Taheem Sarraf's security team attack you?" Talia wondered.
She looked around for the man's phone, which she found under his left foot, encased in a black Otter Box.  She turned it on to find that it required a thumbprint for access.  Talia thought about the moral ramifications of using his thumb to break into his phone, but after careful consideration, realized that she just didn't care.  She wanted to know who he was and what he was up to.
Once she'd shoved the phone under his dangling thumb, she didn't find much to feel guilty about.  There were only a couple of contacts that meant nothing to her.  There was no call history, very few apps, and no texts.  There were a bunch of pictures from last night's party stored on the phone's micro SD card.  Nearly all of the pictures were of her, so she erased the pictures and placed the phone back where she found it.  The man's name did not appear in any file, so he was still a mystery.
She picked up her universal remote from a table and walked back to stand behind the sleeping man.  She turned on her media center, all to the same channel, turned the volume up on the surround sound to full blast, and turned on Fox News.  She didn't realize that at that exact moment, they were airing a story about a terrorist attack in Jerusalem, and an explosion was happening as the TV's came on.
The sleeping man jumped up, nearly falling as he did so.  "What the hell?" 
Talia turned down the volume.  "Did you have a nice rest?"
He rubbed his eyes.  "Actually, yes.  At least until the explosion."
“Good.  Can I ask you a question?”
“Sure.”  
She sat down adjacent to him on the sofa.  “Who the hell are you?”
“I’m Cameron Walker.”  
“Hi, nice to meet you.  I’m Talia Anderson.”
“Likewise.  Where am I?”  Cameron looked around the room, noticing all of the pink.  "Am I trapped in a modern Barbie dream house?"
“This is my apartment," she replied.  " You have no idea how you got here, do you?”
He rubbed the back of his head.  “Not really.  I remember a party.  I remember some really big guys attacking me.  I remember drinking a whole lot.  I think I remember the inside of a limo.  That’s about it.”  He moaned.  “I don’t mean to put you out, but would you happen to have an aspirin?”
“Aspirin I have.”  She left the room and returned with a bottle of aspirin and water.  “You remember the key points.  Why did you take all those pictures of me?  My security team doesn’t allow strangers to photograph me.  Who are you?”
"I was invited to the party," Cameron said, putting his phone in his pocket and taking an aspirin.
Talia sat down in front of him on her pink acrylic coffee table.  “I’m sorry.  I don’t mean to offend you, but you look more like the kind of guy who would teach a history class than someone who would be at an Embassy function in the Hamptons.  Besides, you weren't on the list.  
"Now, why would you want to take my picture?  I’m not a movie star, and I’m not young and sexy.  I’m an international security systems contractor and terrorism analyst.  Do you even know what that is?”
"Yes," he groaned.  "I worked in research and development for systems security for a very large computer firm.  By the way, you are kind of sexy; just saying."
"Worked?" Talia noted, ignoring his comment about her sexuality.  "You mean that you are no longer a lab rat?"
"I hate that term, but yes, I've unofficially retired from the field."
"Why?  Are you wanted for some kind of criminal practice?"
"Not that I know of.  I wanted to get out of the lab and have a life."
"And your first move as a non lab rat was to crash the embassy party in the Hamptons?"
"It was an assignment."
"Assignment?"  She stood up.  "You'd better be talking about espionage, because my second guess is that you work for a tabloid site."  
Talia Anderson hated tabloid sites and paparazzi more than she hated war and murder.
“What’s wrong with me being paparazzi?”  Cameron asked.  "I just wanted a picture."
"Why?" she asked.  "No one cares about ambassadors.  There were no celebrities that a tabloid site would pay for a picture of."
"My sources said that your mother was supposed to be there."
"Really?  My mother?  That's what this was all about?"  She resisted the urge to kick him in the nuts.  "Tabloid people drove her crazy.  They were a substantial part of the reason why she had a nervous breakdown and quit show business.  Why would you try to put her through any more of that?"
"Just trying something new."
"You wanted to try something new, and paparazzi is what you came up with?  Who are you working for?  Why me, and why my mom?  She hasn't been out in the world much for years."
Cameron sat and stared silently at Talia.
"No answer?" she asked as she got up and walked to the windows.  "Okay, no problem."
"Really?" he asked.
She spun around to face him.  "No! Tell me what's going on or I'll have my guys who rescued you last night, come and work you over."
“No, please.  Those guys are scary.  I’ll tell you, but you’re going to laugh.”
“Good.”  
There was something different about the guy.  She couldn’t put her finger on it.  Whatever it was about him, it had made him the first man that she had in her apartment for non-business related reasons ever.  “I could use a good laugh.”
He scowled at her.  He hated the smile she was wearing.  He knew that he was not going to get out of her apartment without feeling humiliated.  He was frustrated because he didn't want to leave Talia Anderson with the impression that he was a wimpy geek.
“Realistically, how bad could it be?  You were already rescued from a seriously unbalanced fist fight at a Qatar Embassy function by two bodyguards who could throw you around like a basketball, then tossed into a limousine by the seat of your corduroy slacks, and delivered here to sleep on my sofa.  Could the back story be any more embarrassing than that?”
 “Fine.”  He realized suddenly that you didn’t say no to Talia Anderson.   “You’re a pain in the ass, you know that?”
She smiled.  “I know.  It's part of my charm.”
He couldn’t argue that.  She certainly was charming, in an annoying sort of way and obviously loved being in control.  “If you must know, I was auditioning for a spot with the Post.”
She studied him.  She thought him fascinating.  He was the first interesting man that she’d met since Dmitri.  “Why were you shooting me?  You said you were looking for my mom.”
“It all started because, after working with computers for years, I decided that it was time for me to make a career change, so I moved from Seattle to New York.”
“You mean, you thought you could just show up here and instantly become a tabloid reporter?  How did that work out?”
“I thought that I had an in.  I knew a systems administrator there, and I wrote some security code for The Post a few years back.  I talked to one of the editors when I got to town.”
“And?”
“And, she made me a deal.”
“What kind of a deal?” she asked.
“She told me that I could have a job, if I got pictures of your mom.”
Talia stood up and walked to the door.  She opened it and turned to Cameron.  “Get out.”  
The guy had struck her as different, but she'd been wrong, and she hated being wrong.
“Ms. Anderson, please.  It’s not like that.  I wanted to meet you too.”	
“Get out!”
“Fine.”  He got up and walked to the door.  “Do you listen to everybody this well?”  
She didn’t answer or look at him. 
He was fuming.   “I can see why no one in the world can get to know you.  I suppose you’re just like your mom.  Do you hide like her? Is that why you live in this glass tower?”  
She didn’t reply.  
“Great.  I met the infamous Talia Anderson.  Security administrator for the whole United Nations and everyone in it.  The woman who knows more about modern separatist issues than potentially anyone else on Earth.  She's smart, but crazy and she wakes up screaming bloody murder. She won’t have a civilized conversation with a member of the opposite sex, but she's a Hoya's fan.  You don’t know me.  I’m not some scumbag reporter.  I’m a nice guy.  I just wanted to join the rest of the human race and meet some interesting new people.  I wanted to get out of my lab and live, but you won’t give anyone a chance.  Good bye princess.”  He grabbed the door out of Talia's hand and slammed it behind him as he walked out.
She stood there after he left for a moment in her Hoya's t-shirt and Fabletics shorts.  “I had no idea that I screamed when I woke up from dreaming.  Wasn't he asleep?”

The Terrorist's Game
Part II
"There's a lot of conning as part of our society, I think."
- Sigourney Weaver


Talia walked into her office suite in the subterranean area of the United Nations Building half an hour late.  She had taken some time to shake off the altercation that she had with Mr. Walker at her apartment.  She was bothered by the incident.  For some reason that she could not qualify, she cared what the guy thought of her.  She couldn’t figure out why she would care what he thought about anything.  She didn’t want to deal with any man, but there he was, and she couldn’t stop thinking about him.  He made her edgy.  His angered description of her had been insulting and made her sound like a spoiled rotten princess, and she couldn't stop thinking about it.  He even called her princess.  Why did that moniker irritate her so?  She knew that she was a hard working honest capable woman, and commanded respect from everyone, male or female; but somehow this strange man was making her question her stature.  
"Where did that guy come from?" she wondered.  "Why do I care what he thinks?  He obviously has me confused with my mother."
Michael Monroe, one of Talia's assistants and bodyguards joined her at the main entrance of the U.N. compound, followed her through the lobby, through the gallery past Rockwell's Golden Rule, down the stairs, and along a hallway into her assigned office suite.  Michael was the bodyguard who threw Cameron Walker into the limousine at her request the previous evening.  He was a young man of 25, six feet three inches tall with hair so light it was almost white.  He was close to albino, with faded blue eyes and pale skin that burned easily to a bright pink when in the sun.  His exotic look was nicely complimented with broad shoulders and rock hard abs.  Michael was recently honorably discharged as a Specialist from the Army Rangers and one of the very few people on Earth that she trusted.  He was the son of one of her mother's best and oldest friends, William or Will Monroe.  William was a Staff Sergeant during his career with the Army and had gone to high school with Clarissa. Michael was a good son, a good Ranger, and one of Talia's staunchest protectors.  Sometimes he seemed more of an over protective brother than an employee with a loyalty that could only come from elite military service and homage paid to a well respected father, but that made her comfortable.  She wouldn't have wanted someone who was just in it to get paid.  She had never been poor, but she believed that money simply shouldn't always be the most important thing in life.  Honor, love, and family, and friendship; all should come above money.
Talia attempted to ignore Michael's overbearing behavior of literally shadowing her.  She walked into her personal office and sat down at her rebelliously pink desk and grabbed her mail.  There was a mural of a desert sunset painted on the wall behind her and with the delicate colors of the desert at twilight; it blended right in with the pink desktop and made everyone forget that they were actually sitting in a cellar.
She sorted through her mail, one piece at a time and then tossing it all in the garbage as junk in the same fashion.  
"Did you do the morning sweep?" she asked Michael.
"Of course," he replied.
A morning security sweep was done of the entire compound and adjacent areas every day.  Security recordings were studied and analyzed for anything that might prompt improvements in the security system.  The meeting chambers and offices were swept for potential listening devices or cameras, incendiary devices or explosives.  Reports of any incidents were reviewed.  The food vendors across the street were checked from the taco stand all the way to the frozen yogurt vendor.  The videos of the grounds and the East River were also reviewed.  It was necessary to monitor traffic along the waterway, in case of suspicious activity because the complex sat near the shore.  Michael was in charge of all of those activities and normally had them completed with a written report ready for her by the time she came to the office.
"Anything of concern?" Talia asked, tossing aside the written report that Michael had left for her on her desk and trusting his opinion.
"Not at the U.N.," Michael said, grinning at her.
She glared at him from behind her pink Ralph Lauren reading glasses.  He smiled at her from the straight backed chair on the opposite side of her desk.  “What?”
He grinned and leaned back in his chair, watching her face.  “Rough night?” he asked, trying not to giggle.
“Shut up,” she snapped as she threw a paper clip at him.  “Why did you let him come back to my apartment?  Isn't the definition of personal security to not leave me at my private home with a total stranger?”
“Hey, that was your idea,” he replied.  “I would never have taken him there.  It was a disaster waiting to happen.  You insisted that he was harmless.  I tried to stay and watch him, but you ordered me to leave.  You are the boss unlike some other security officers, I want my job.”
“Since when do you listen to me?” she argued.  "You've never once listened to a word I've said after a cocktail party.  And you've never once cared that I'm the boss any more than anyone else has around here.  What if he'd been an axe murderer?"
“You got all uppity with me and talked to me like I was a slave or a child,” he replied.  "You had a couple of drinks yourself and told me to mind my own business.  So, I did.  Do axe murderers dress like college professors?"
“Fine, I guess I deserved that, but I count on you to have the brains sometimes.  You were right.”  She sighed and slammed her fist on her desk.  “That asshole took pictures of me!”  She flopped back into her chair.  “He just wanted to meet mom anyway.”
Michael’s expression softened, yet his smile continued to widen.  “You liked him!  Oh my God!  I’ve never seen you intrigued by a man before!  He seemed like such a geek with tweed.  I had no idea that’s what you liked.  I never would have pictured you with a geeky skinny clumsy dude.  I always pictured you with a powerful confident ass kicking dude.”
“I didn’t like him,” she snapped.  “I do like manly men.  I felt sorry for him, you know, like a lost puppy.  Unfortunately, he bites.”
“Did you mean that in a bad way?” he asked.
“Smart ass.”  She threw another paper clip at him.  “Enough of this blather.  I have work to do here today.  Let’s forget all about Cameron Walker.”
“Okay, but what about the pictures you mentioned?” he asked.
“I erased his card before I woke him up this morning.”  She smiled an evil smile.  “Cameron is apparently trying to be a tabloid reporter, but he's really inexperienced.  He’s gonna be pissed when he discovers that his pictures are missing.  He actually tried to tell me that he didn’t remember anything about last night.  My bullshit detector went off on that one.”
“Well, he seemed pretty drunk,” Michael noted.  "Would you like me to check into him?  What if he was playing you?  He might want something more from you.  No offense, but you have some extremely high clearance here at the U.N. and several government agencies around the world."
"You saw this guy, right?" she scoffed.  "Besides, I ran a check on him this morning," she lied.  "He's no one."
"No one?" he asked.
"No one," she insisted.  "He's some high tech research and development lab rat that decided to get out of the lab.  He's nobody."
Michael thought about what she said.  He was fairly certain that she hadn't checked Cameron Walker, because she always had him run background checks for her.  He really didn't think that she knew how.  However, he was sure that she wasn't interested in seeing the man again.  He got the sense that Cameron had crossed some sort of a line and that she truly never wanted to see him again.  The one thing that struck him was that he had never seen her pay the slightest bit of attention to any man.  The way she behaved when introduced to men was as though she didn't see them at all.  Talia Anderson ignored men as though she had something far more important on her mind at all times.
"Why was Cameron different?" Michael wondered.
Talia snapped Michael out of his distracted thoughts.  "What's on my agenda today?"
"Taheem called and wished to meet with you," he replied.
"Ugh," she groaned.
Taheem Sarraf was the United Nations Ambassador from Qatar.  He was in town for a meeting of the United Nations Security Council.  His father, previously the U.S. Ambassador from Qatar, had discovered the West Hampton Dunes on Long Island when he came for meetings in New York decades before.  Taheem's father had so fallen in love with the dunes by the shore that he built a family vacation cottage there with a miniscule amount of his crude oil money.  The family beach cottage was a lovely modern home with a wall of windows facing the ocean that stretched the entire three floors of the 8 bedroom, 9 bath structure.  It was made for entertaining and impressing all who visited.  It was one of the most exclusive homes in one of the most exclusive neighborhoods on Long Island, yet the barrier island had a public national seashore at the end.  There was no public parking, but if you didn't need a place to park, you could go to the beach in Taheem's neighborhood.  As a result, Taheem Sarraf relied on Talia's private security service to make sure that no undesirables ever slip in to one of his events.
"He didn't say what he wanted to discuss," Michael said.
"I think we both know precisely what he wants to discuss," she commented.
Taheem was going to ask her who Cameron was and how he got through her security and into his elite, listed guest only, party.
"Of course," Michael answered.  "You should meet with him, irregardless."
"Where did he wish to meet and when?" she groaned.
"O'Hara's.  Noon."
She felt her temples where her current stress headache was living.  "Coffee, please?"
Michael stepped out briefly to the coffee shop upstairs and got Talia her favorite iced coffee, extra light with extra sugar and returned to the office to find her staring at her iPad.
"Coffee," he said as he sat the plastic cup where she could reach it easily on her desk.  
"You know he called me princess, and not in a good way,” she said.
"Who?" he asked.
"Cameron Walker," she replied.
Michael started to think that he might have a problem with his boss.  She was distracted.  He had written off the fact that her dress was out of the ordinary as she had replaced her Jason Wu feminine power suit look with a much softer Nicole Miller lady dress.  He was wondering what it was about this Cameron that was getting under her skin.  He had worked for her in her professional and personal life for three years, and he had never seen a man be of any consequence to the infamous Talia Anderson.  
"Could this be because of this mystery geek?" he wondered.  “I thought we weren’t talking about him anymore,” he said to Talia. 
“Sorry.”  She shook her head to refocus her mind.  Her outdated United Nations intercom on her desk, buzzed.  She pressed the button.  “What is it?”
Her other assistant and bodyguard, Tyrell Smith, had arrived and was on the other end.  “Ms. Anderson, are you busy?”  
“Yes, why?” she snapped.
“Well, you have a…”  The intercom crackled.  “Hey, you can’t just barge in there!”  She heard Tyrell yell.  
There was a crashing sound and the intercom went dead.

The Terrorist's Game
Part III
"I have never been the mousy, stand-two-paces-behind, obedient 'little woman' type."
-Joan Collins

The door opened, and in he walked.  Cameron Walker, the man that Talia didn’t wish to discuss was back.  
“Mr. Walker, can I help you?” she snarked.  “Maybe I can give you directions to the train station or the airport?  I can have Tyrell find you a subway map.”
Tyrell rushed in behind Cameron.  He was the inverse of Michael in many ways.  He was a very dark black man, with black nappy hair and dark brown eyes.  He did stand over six feet tall with broad shoulders and rock hard abs, like Michael, but he was much older.  Tyrell was the other person that Talia trusted with her life, and he had been assigned to her by her mother.  She had known him as her mother's head of security while growing up.  Her mother had wanted to make sure that there was one person in charge of her daughter that was worthy of the Clarissa Anderson seal of approval, hence, interviews were forgone, and Talia's opinions meant nothing when he was hired.  A lot of Talia’s acquaintances called Tyrell and Michael yin and yang, an insensitive set of nicknames based on their physical and personality differences.  In addition to their appearance, Michael was stoic and science minded, and Tyrell was more emotional and over protective.  
“I’m sorry.  He’s quick,” Tyrell said.
“I’ll be the judge of that,” She commented.  She looked at Cameron.  “What can I do for you, and how did you get in here?”
Cameron watched her for a moment.  "What was it about this woman?"
He should have gone back to Seattle and forgotten all about his encounter with Talia Anderson, but for some reason he was worried about what she thought of him as a man.  He was determined that he wasn’t leaving town until he had convinced her that he wasn’t scumbag paparazzi.  
“Can I talk to you?” he asked.
“Sure, talk,” she challenged him.  "Maybe you can explain how you keep breaching my security."
“Do we have to have an audience?” he asked.
Michael and Tyrell smiled at each other.  Talia noticed their enthusiasm, and found it annoying.
“Sure,” she told him.  She looked at Yin and Yang.  “You heard him.  Get out.”
She motioned to Tyrell and Michael as though she were scooting mice out the door.  They raised their eyebrows at one another, smiled, and left silently.  
“And turn off the intercom!” she yelled after them.  She held her index finger up for a moment.  A click came from the antique intercom on her desk.  "Now, what?"
Cameron stood across the desk from her.  She waited, but he didn’t speak. 
 “I thought you wanted to talk,” she said, finally.   “Why don’t you sit down?”  
“No thanks,” he answered.  He started to speak a couple of times before anything audible came out.  “Look, I don’t know why I care what you think of me, but I couldn’t just leave town with you thinking that I’m an unexplained jerk of some kind.”
“Okay.  Let's start with the basics.  What kind of a jerk are you?” she asked.
“See, that’s what gets to me!” he exclaimed.  He pointed his index finger in her direction.  “You drive me insane, and in record time I might add.  I’m a nice guy, and I’m extremely intelligent.  I have a MENSA card for Christ's sake!  I’ve been one of those together sort of guys my whole life that never let anyone bother me in any way; male or female.  Insults didn't bother me.  I was always the smartest guy in the room, and that gave me confidence.  Then I meet you, and you drive me nuts!”
“You know, you sound like an idiot,” she observed.
“I know,” he groaned.  “That’s new since I met you.”
Talia smiled.  “I’ve heard that I have that effect on men.”  She motioned to the chair opposite her.  “Now, sit.  Let’s talk.  Tell me what you think I need to know, so that you can start sounding like a normal person.  Then we'll see if you're the smartest one in the room.”
He was skeptical.  His limited experience with the woman told him that he was being set up for more humiliation, but he couldn’t resist.  She challenged him, and he wanted to learn about her.  He sat down in the pink Swedish modern armchair gingerly, as he watched her.  
“What do you want to tell me?” she asked.  “Do you want to ask me something?  What do you want?”
“First, I have to know one thing.  Is everything you own pink?”
“Most of it, yes,” she answered.  “My turn.  How did you find me?  For obvious reasons, my offices are not listed in the public entrance.  It's one reason that I live in the cellar.”
"I followed you," he replied.
She didn't know whether to be insulted or to enjoy the game that he was playing with her.  He obviously didn't want her to think that he had gone to a significant amount of trouble to locate her, and she was sure that he didn't want her to find out that he tracked her with a device; most likely her phone.
"I've been here for a while today," she said.  "Try again.  Be honest."
He decided not to pursue his defense in the matter.  “Give me a chance to show you what kind of a nice respectable guy I really am.”  
“Why?” she asked.  "Unlock your phone and let me see what you have going on there.  Then, I'll see what kind of guy you really are."
"What does that have to do with it?" he asked.
"Michael and Tyrell insist on being able to track me, so there's an app activated on my phone.  I have a hunch that you managed to access it and that's how you tracked me to this office."
Cameron was frustrated that she had analyzed his method so easily.  She was too smart and seemed to read him like a book.  He didn't want her to find out everything about him.  He wanted to have the upper hand, but she wouldn't allow that.  He did not like that, but he handed her the phone without a word.
She handed the phone back to him.  "Thumbprint, please."
"How did you know that?" he asked.
"You have an iPhone."
"How did you know it wasn't my face?"
"Your face isn't that distinct.  Thumbprints are one of a kind."
"Pain in the ass," he mumbled under his breath. He didn't think his face was that bland. 
He unlocked the phone with his thumb and handed it back to her.  She looked at the files for a moment, tapped an icon and looked at the files inside.  She smiled, tapped the phone a couple of times, and handed him the phone.
"Don't do that again," she said, smiling.  "I'm a pain in the ass, if you haven't guessed that already.  You probably can't impress me.  It's impossible.  Ask around.  And you have no chance of winning me over with your covert operational expertise.  So why do you care what I think?"
“Because it’s important to me.  Why, I don’t know,” he said.  “I swear, all I want is for you to take some time to see who I really am.  I'm actually smart, funny, and nice.  Let me prove that, and then I’ll leave you alone.”
She wondered if he was scamming her to get into her life, so he could eventually meet her world famous hermit of a mother.  There was always the possibility that he was being honest, but all evidence was to the contrary thus far.  Her experience with Cameron Walker was that he was devious and wasn't good at it.  He didn't strike her as smart or funny.  For no particular reason, however, she felt drawn to play the game and see where it went.
“What did you have in mind?” she asked.
“Dinner,” he suggested.  "Tonight."
“You mean, like a date?” she asked.  “I don’t date.”
“Do you eat?” he snarked.  “Come on, I’m not talking about romance.  I just want you to get to know me a little bit, so you don’t think of me as scum anymore.  That’s it.  I swear.  Then you can hate me and never talk to me again.  I only want to make sure that you don't have a legitimate reason to hate me.”
She anxiously wanted to go.  That surprised even her.  He was interesting in a clumsy dweebie sort of way .  She had never met anyone like him.  He seemed straight forward, even though he tried to be clever.  He failed at clever, so maybe he was hopelessly honest.  She had a feeling that if he said it wasn’t a romantic date it wouldn’t be, and she found herself disappointed at that.  Talia Anderson for the first time in a long time wanted to get to know a man, tweed and all, but she couldn’t let him know how excited she was.
“What’s in it for me?” she asked.  
“I’m buying.” he said in a meager attempt to be charming.  
"That's it?" she asked.  
“If you say yes, I’ll give you the pictures I took of you, instead of selling them,” he promised.
Apparently he hadn’t looked at his lack of pictures yet.  
“Pictures?” she asked.
“I took them last night, some while you were sleeping.  They’re probably worth an entire career as paparazzi to me, but I’d rather convince you that I’m not that type of guy," he said.  "What do you say?  It's a fair trade, don't you think?”
She heard a tone in his voice that she recognized.  It was the tone that Tyrell used when he said that he wasn't in love with her mother.  He was lying about something poorly, probably the pictures.  She decided to torture him, and see how interested he was and in what.
“Deal, but I have a certain reputation concerning the company I keep,” she commented.  “If you intend to spend a scheduled evening with me, you will have to dress appropriately.”
“What’s wrong with the way I dress?” he snapped.
“You look like a computer geek or a history professor,” she told him.  “Or a professor that teaches the history of computer programming.  I can fix that.  How about this.  I send you shopping at a valid designer, and you can still buy dinner? The wardrobe is my treat.  You should take advantage of that and get another outfit or two, in addition to the one for tonight.”
Had he heard her right?  Had she agreed to go?  He didn't care if she sent him to Victoria's Secret and made him wear pink.  She said yes.
“Sure,” he answered, smiling.  "Where are we going?"
He actually thought she would bother to do the leg work in dressing him.  "How hopeful," she thought. 
“I’ll send you shopping with Michael, and I’ll pick you up at your hotel at 7:30.  Will that work for you?”
"That's fine," he replied.  "My hotel is..."
Talia stopped him.  "You don't have to tell me.  I can find out from Michael when he gets back from dressing you."
He was nearly speechless.  “sure,” he stammered.  “Where would you like to eat?  I’m new in town.”
"Casa Bella," she said instantly.  "I presume you like Italian?  Most people do."
"Not the Rainbow Room or The Russian Tea Room?" he asked.
"I'm not a tourist or an actress," she said.  
“Sounds good,” he said.  “I’ll see you then.”
“Didn’t you forget something?” she asked.  
“Oh, yeah, here.”  Cameron tossed a micro SD card on her desk as he stood to leave.  
Talia smiled.  She couldn’t resist telling him that she erased the photos.  This game was starting to be fun for her.  
“I erased the pictures before I woke you this morning.”  Her grin widened as he turned in the doorway to look at her.
“I know.”  Cameron grinned at her.  “See you tonight, right?”
“7:30," she replied.  
“Good.”  He started to pull the door shut.  “Hey Ms. Anderson?”
“Yes.”
“That card has the copies.”  He smiled a huge smile and shut the door behind him.
That son of a bitch.
The Terrorist's Game
Part IV
"I love fashion. I think it's so important, because it's how you show yourself to the world."
-Emma Watson

Cameron arrived at the Financial District Radisson Hotel late that afternoon with several packages in tow.  He’d gone out and spent a fortune with Michael, who had acted as his personal shopper.  Michael had taken Cameron to Ralph Lauren for a classic look that never goes out of style.  He was in much need of some style, and the Ralph Lauren look upscale him nicely.  Michael tried to use Talia’s card to pay, but Cameron was insulted and insisted that he could pay for his own clothes.  He was way too old fashioned to allow himself to be bought by a woman.  He enjoyed his new look and purchased so many runway worthy new things that the bellboy at the Radisson needed a cart to take everything to his hotel room.
He'd been lucky in selecting the hotel previously known as Club Quarters for many years in the Financial District online.  He looked into staying at The Plaza and the Waldorf Astoria, but the budgeteer in him made him look for a bargain in Manhattan.  The tall, but old hotel on William Street in the most congested office building section of town seemed like a bargain to him.  South Manhattan was long known for its narrow, virtually undrivable old streets and a lack of sunlight that comes from so many tall buildings within spitting distance of one another.  Many of the buildings were all but empty since the Covid-19 pandemic a few years back, but the New York Stock Exchange still kept the neighborhood fairly busy.  Fortunately, for him, having only looked at the site online, the old Club Quarters was quietly one of the nicest hotels in town.  
Cameron was definitely new in town, and so far, had luck in all of his adventures.  He enjoyed the fact that the subway was right on the corner, that there was a ton of coffee all around, including his native Starbucks.  There were groceries at Duane Reade, a deli that served breakfast, and all of the highlights of the Financial District of South Manhattan.  He was even walking distance from the waterfront, Wall Street, Trinity Church, Federal Hall, and the World Trade Center Complex.  He was proud of himself for choosing such a grand location.
Cameron had been staying at the Radisson Hotel for several days, and the staff had gotten to know him a bit.  The hotel manager, Rudolf, noticed the change in his walk when he entered the lobby followed by Chip, the bellboy and the cart of Ralph Lauren fabric shopping bags with scenes of the Manhattan Skyline on the sides, filled with new clothing.  
Rudolf, a white haired older man, originally from Jamaica, had worked the hotel circuit in New York for many years and knew that he shouldn't get involved in whatever life changing experience his new patron might be having.  Even so, he couldn't stop smiling to himself as he watched Cameron Walker.  
“I wonder if his new pants are plaid,” Rudolf thought.  “Good afternoon, Mr. Walker,” he said as Cameron approached the front desk. 
“Good afternoon, Rudolf old man,” Cameron replied, smiling.  “Are there any messages for me?”
Rudolf smiled.  He liked the new Cameron.  His first impression had been that of a backward, geeky, socially hopeless man.  Then Mr. Walker didn't come back the night before.  Now he was buying new clothes, and there was a message from someone named Melissa for him.  Why Melissa would be calling the hotel instead of Mr. Walker's cell phone he did not know, but it was none of his business.  Maybe he had misjudged the man.  Maybe he wasn't as socially awkward as he appeared.  Rudolf loved people watching.  It was why he enjoyed the hotel business.  Rudolf was rarely if ever wrong about people, but he believed that Mr. Walker might be one of those rare instances.
“Yes, Mr. Walker.  A Melissa Cooper called.  She said that she would like it if you could call her back before 5:00 p.m.”
Cameron smiled like a cat that had just eaten his owner’s pet canary.  “We’ll see if I get around to it.  I have plans.”  He took his message slip, an old but time honored tradition at the Radisson, from Rudolf and stepped to the elevator.  “Thanks, Rudy.”
Rudolf’s eyes grew wide.  “Rudy, indeed,” he thought.
“Is there any way to get a haircut immediately around here?” Cameron asked Chip as they arrived in his mini suite.
Michael had bid them adieu in the lobby and been on his way.  Cameron had forgotten that he should get a haircut, and maybe a shave, before his dinner with the most impossible woman in the world.  He'd thought about calling Michael and asking him what to do about it, but then he reconsidered, deciding that he should learn how to navigate such affairs on his own.  He was trying to impress Talia Anderson, and he didn't want her hired help to tell her stories about how inept he was in basic matters of grooming.
“If you’re willing to pay, you can have a style artist come right to your room.  The hotel provides all kinds of services upon request,” Chip answered.
“Great,” Cameron said.  “Who do I call?  I want a brand new haircut to go with my new persona.”
Chip smiled.  “I’ll arrange it for you, myself.  You decide what to wear, and I’ll send someone up within half an hour to fix the rest.”
“Thanks,” Cameron said.  He tipped the young man $50 and then Chip was on his way.
He was restless and bursting with energy for the evening that lay ahead of him. He walked around his mini suite that consisted of a partially separate bedroom and a living room with kitchenette.  The living room area was contained by the hotel on one side and nearly floor to ceiling windows on two sides.  The fourth wall was a partial that separated the living room from the bedroom with a TV mounted on each side of said wall.  There was a desk under the TV and a sofa and tables by the window opposite.  The bathroom was a small affair just off the bedroom which was on the way into the living space after entering from the hall.  Everything was Swedish Modern right down to the coffee maker.
He used every flat surface of the suite as he got out every new piece of clothing that he’d bought and laid it everywhere so he could see them all at once.  He tried to decide what to wear to dinner with the infamous Talia Anderson.  He did his homework on this one.  He had read endless articles about how difficult she was, and that was putting it gently.  Men hated to encounter this woman even more than other women did.  She was hyper intelligent, over confident, and apparently angry at the world.  From everything he had learned about her, it seemed as though she would sooner rip your head off and stuff it down your neck than listen to a word you had to say.  The men who worked for her were the only ones, it seemed, that didn't have horrible things to say about her.  They simply refused to discuss her with him.
Cameron was having dinner with Talia Anderson.  He couldn’t believe it himself.  No one would believe that he had any kind of a date with the world's most undateable woman.  No one would believe that he had a date at all, much less the most impossible to get date on Earth.  He felt incredible, like a celebrity.  He had done something that was all but impossible.  Even her assistant and bodyguard, Michael, said that he’d never set up a date for Talia in his years of working with her.  Michael had escorted her to numerous parties but never driven her out on the town with a man for a purely social engagement.
He knew when he retired from the computer industry, that he needed an adventure.  He worked in a research lab for a major Seattle based software company for 20 years.  He was comfortable because of all the patents that he made residual money from.  After 20 years of being in the background, letting CEO's and spokespeople take all the public credit for the fact that he and his team kept the public's files safe from hackers and scammers, Cameron wanted to live.  He wanted to go places, meet people, achieve some of his own personal goals in life.  He wanted a chance to win a competition, have a wife and family, and travel the world.  He wanted to be in charge of his own destiny.
So far, his life change was turning out to be everything he dreamed of.  In a matter of hours, he would definitely be experiencing his first real adventure.  Dinner with Talia Anderson.  He hoped he wouldn’t blow it.  She promised to be an important part of his new and improved life.  He wanted to be part of her life, and tonight was his big chance.  He didn't know how he was going to do it, but he was determined to prove to the most impossible woman on Earth; the woman that trusted virtually no one, that he was really a nice, intelligent, sensitive guy.  How, he had no idea.
He knew that Talia believed that he was following her to get a chance to meet her mother, the infamous Clarissa Anderson.  He knew the minute he mentioned her stunning, yet hermit like mother, that it had been a mistake.  He thought it would sound better, but instead, it really set Talia off.  He hadn't followed her because he wanted to meet her mother.  To be frank, he always thought that Clarissa Anderson was just a mental case princess, who disappeared from sight after her final movie, 20 years before.  The reality was that he wanted to meet Talia.  He was fascinated by the red headed beauty that was in charge of the personal and professional security of some of the most important leaders in the world.  The fact that she was regarded as an expert on international terrorism, made her even more fascinating.
He was deep in thought when his room phone rang.  He listened to the phone ring five times before he gave up and answered it.  He knew who it had to be.  Melissa Cooper was the only person that he was aware of, who knew where he was.
“Hello,” he muttered.  
“You need to get a real phone Neanderthal man,” Melissa Cooper replied.  “I’ve been trying to reach you all day.”
“Hello, Melissa,” he replied.  “I have a phone.  I've designed phones.  Maybe I turned mine off, or maybe I didn't give you my number.  What can I do for you?”
“You can tell me what went on at the party in the Hamptons last night?” she snapped.  “I heard that you were dragged out of there by someone’s body guards by the seat of your pants.  Are you okay?  Where have you been all day?”
“I’m fine.  I’ve been out.  Who are you, my mom?” he asked.  “Look, I’m really busy right now.  I have to go.”
“What about those photos we discussed?  The ones we agreed that you'd shoot for me?” she pushed him.  “I thought you wanted a job here.  What about Talia Anderson?”
“What about her?” he asked.
“Did you get any pictures of her?” Melissa asked.
“You know Melissa; I’ve decided that I really don’t want to work for you.  It didn't work out for me."
“You met her!” she screamed.  “You mean to tell me that you actually met Talia Anderson?  Did you talk to her?  What’s she really like?”
“Yes I met her,” he replied.  “And, I’m still finding out.”
“What the hell does that mean?” she screeched.  
“Good-bye, Melissa.”  He hung up as she was continuing to yell.

The Terrorist's Game
Part V
"The ability to remain calm and focused in stressful situations is central to making positive decisions."
-Goldie Hawn

Cameron grabbed the remote from the table and turned on the TV while he waited for the style artist that Chip was sending up.  He hadn’t checked on the news lately.  When he was in the lab working, the news channels had always been on.  It worked out for him and his crew of techs, because it fell somewhere between being informed and useful background noise.  News channels were always in a state of hysteria about something.  Six months of Covid-19 debate, race issues, how to make the world the same as it used to be after the virus, hurricanes.  It went on and on incessantly to the point that some news anchors left the business altogether, because they couldn't stand it anymore.  It was all bullshit 24 hours a day, and that made it particularly easy to ignore the sound which allowed them focus on their work.  Since he wasn’t part of the rat race anymore and had no need for background noise, he hadn’t been paying a whole lot of attention to the slanted news of the outside world.  
As he switched from one opinionated all news channel to another to see who had what slant on the latest topics, he decided that he hadn’t missed anything of consequence.  It had been a few years since the Covid-19 Pandemic and the world had changed overall.  Most wars between nations went by the wayside as a result of the whole world needing to work together to survive the medical apocalypse that was reportedly caused by people eating bats in China.  The world had never come together in such a unified cause, and it made relations between acknowledged nations stronger, more congenial, more tolerant.  
In the aftermath of the pandemic and the peace it caused between nations, terrorist groups became the predominant threat throughout the world.  Separatist groups, as they were currently called still terrorized the Middle East, as well as most of the globe.  Each news channel seemed to focus on the activities of a different group.  The new groups weren't like the old terrorist organizations.  Some of the older groups still survived, like Al Qaeda, but the new groups were more extreme.  The newer groups made it clear that they were out to rule the world.  It wasn't exclusively about religion anymore.  These groups, according to legitimate governments, were more difficult to track and predict.  They provided much more contact with government leaders and wanted more control than change.  Eastern Europe was a hot bed for such activity, as well as Mexico, the Middle East, South America, and parts of Africa.  The exact location of the headquarters of any group was all but impossible to identify.  Intelligence agencies around the world worked together to unravel the puzzle of the modern separatists and what their rules and hierarchies were.
He had studied separatist groups, and Talia Anderson, the master on the subject. He wanted to sound knowledgeable in her world so that she wouldn't see him as an idiot.  She was currently the Director of Security at the United Nations in both New York and Geneva, as well as providing private services from her personal company for many of the dignitaries that frequented the U.N. from around the world.  She was a consultant and provider of security systems and physical guards that worked in cooperation with governments across the globe when she wasn't at the U.N.  She knew every politician in the world, and was extremely well respected by all of them.  
Talia was also called upon as an expert on international terrorism and the separatist groups that wreaked havoc around the globe. This was what Cameron had been studying and the side of her that he was most interested in.  She was vehemently opposed to separatists and acts of terror.  She knew more about the structure, operations, and effects of terrorism in the modern era than almost anyone else in the world.  She’d written several books on the subject, and kept up with information and analysis from sources in over 100 countries.  She attended congressional sessions and meetings of the United Nations as an expert consultant on separatist groups at member's requests.  She was invited to every party in town where government heads and ambassadors were present, because she monitored their security.  That was how Cameron had come to meet her at the party in the Hamptons the previous evening.  In short, Talia Anderson was who people consulted when they needed security and information. 
He had read all of her books, and was amazed at her analysis of the separatist groups.  It was as though she talked to each group personally, rather than having formed opinions based on research of trends and mapped incidents.  Every analysis that he read, seemed strangely personal.  He wondered where she learned what she knew.  There were no classes in school based in this new separatist era, but Talia was well ahead of the curve on up to date groundbreaking information.  In essence, her books were the textbooks for terrorism in the modern world.  He wondered if she had field experience, or inside information.  He had no idea how she could be so well informed.  There were many mysteries surrounding Talia Anderson and he felt compelled to find out what they were.  He also needed to know where she got her information.  Was it intelligence connections?  Was she a field agent? Did she know the separatists?  Did she investigate for heads of state?  He would find out.
That night was going to be Cameron's night.  If he was ever going to get to know the mysterious Talia Anderson and find out any of the things about her that he so desperately wanted to know, it would be that night.  It could be his one chance to find out all of the things that he wanted to know about her and how she knew what she knew.
He turned his attention back to the news.  If anything of consequence had happened in the world, he didn’t want to be behind.  He had to look intelligent to Talia.  He flipped through all the news channels.  Then he found it.  He landed on CNN and saw a story that would allow him to connect to her.  There was a story that she would grab a hold of.  Talia Anderson was well known for her mysterious ravenous interest in Russia.  The political story of the day was that Russia had elected themselves a new President.
“Aha!” he thought.  “Thank God I turned this on.  I would hate to have gone to dinner with her and not known about this.”  
“Today, in Presidential Elections in Russia, the Russian Minister of Defense, Eduard Sokolovsky, was elected President by a record 85% of the popular vote,” the announcer said.  “The newly elected Russian President appeared at a press conference with his sixteen year old granddaughter Anya, to thank the people of Russia for their support.  The inauguration ceremony will take place next month on the anniversary of the October Revolution.  Sokolovsky is the fifth publicly elected President in that country.”
“Good,” he thought.  “I’ll have some news to surprise her with.”  Somehow he thought that she already would know.  From what he had read, she always knew what happened in Russia.
Cameron was glued to the news when there was a knock at the door of his mini suite.  It startled him, because the hotel was a secure hotel, and he needed his card to operate the elevator.
One thing about Cameron Walker.  He was extraordinarily smart and more than a little bit paranoid.  He had started hacking into computers at an early age.  He did most of his shopping for video games and computer components on other people's accounts.  The first program that he ever created was a virtually undetectable ghost that monitored accounts that were either overused or recently cut off; giving him the opportunity to use their credit card without the owner noticing the activity.  He had no idea exactly how much of other people's money he spent during that period of his life, but it was a sizeable amount that created a problem in the online shopping industry.  
When the time came for him to go to college, his family didn't have the money, so what he did was design a program that protected card holders from exactly the process that he'd been using for years.  He sold it to Google, made a ton of money and never went to school, because he didn't have to after that.  He had always made  his own path in life.  His family took no interest in helping him progress in life with things like college money or encouragement.  With no one to rely on but himself, he took the short cut and the easy way every time.  The background material he studied to make himself look intelligent in front of Talia, was probably the hardest work he'd ever put in, without getting paid.
Cameron sat, wondering how someone got to his room, and he heard another louder knock.  He went cautiously to the door and looked through the peephole.  He saw pink hair.  He opened the door to find a young woman carrying a Harley Quinn backpack, wearing a sparkly jean jacket with a tie dyed t-shirt underneath.  As he glanced down, he saw that she was wearing black leggings with sugar skulls on them and black thigh high boots.  
"Hello," Cameron said.
"Hi, are you Cameron Walker?" the girl asked.
"Yes," he replied.
"Hi, I'm Emily.  Your style artist?  Chip called me?"
He felt foolish suddenly.  "Of course, come in."
Emily looked around the suite at the clothes laid out everywhere and smiled.  Chip had said that they were in the middle of a makeover for a special date.  She could tell by what she saw that her new client was extremely nervous.
"I don't want to ruin what you have going on here," she said, gesturing to all the clothes.  "Where would you like me to set up?"
He suddenly realized that his hotel room looked like the room of a teenager before their first big dance.  He quickly gathered several things by their hangars and hung them in the hallway closet.
"Sorry, fashion is new to me," Cameron said.  "You can set up anywhere that's good for you."
Emily set up her styling tools and supplies in the kitchenette and dining area.  She didn't say much while she got her things out of her backpack.  Once she had everything where she could use it easily, she got a glass of water from the faucet.
"Okay, I think I'm ready," she said as she turned to Cameron.  "Come have a seat, and then you need to tell me what your plans are, so I can get an idea of how to make you look."
He sat in one of the straight backed chairs that was at the tiny breakfast table.  Emily put a vinyl cape with unicorns on it around him to ward off excess hair that would fall during his haircut and style.
"I have a date for dinner tonight with the most impossible woman in the world," he said.  "She is rich, perfect in every way, and smarter than me."
"Wow, that's quite a description," Emily said.  "So, classy is good."
"Sure," he answered.  "But fashionable."
"Got it," she said.  "But remember, she's not the most impossible woman in the world.  I have that client."
"Really?" he asked.  "Who's that?"
"I hate to brag, but I style Talia Anderson's hair, and she is amazing, but she's the most impossible woman I've ever met," Emily said.
His anxiety kicked in.  "Oh, God, I think I'm gonna puke."
"Relax," she said.  "I'll make you look great for your date.  Let's talk about good stuff.  What's her name?"
"Talia Anderson," he replied.
Emily stopped moving for a minute.  She took a deep breath.  "Good to know.  I can make you irresistible. Remember, you've got the right girl.  I know her."

The Terrorist's Game
Part VI
"Root for the girls who wear dresses and are intellectually very strong."
-Sophie Turner

Some days Talia thought that she should just take the subway.  It was, after all, the most reliable mass transportation system in the country.  United Nations Ambassador Taheem Sarraf of Qatar wished to meet with her for lunch.  She knew it was going to be an uncomfortable situation for her, because the security that she had arranged at the man's personal residence for an international cocktail party had been compromised.  It was a first, and she had no definitive explanation for that situation.  On top of that, he now requested that they have lunch in a perpetual construction zone which was impossible to navigate in a vehicle.  Talia realized that today was not her day.
O'Hara's Irish Pub was a well known spot locally.  Located just yards from the original Twin Towers, O'Hara's was one of the staging locations for the rescue workers during the 9/11 tragedy.  Many a rescue worker ate and slept there, and it was probably the most stunning monument to everyone that worked during that effort in the entire city.  The old style pub with its wooden bars and green string lights with dim lighting and working juke box was a monument within itself.  There were patches from emergency units all over the world covering the walls, the ceilings and nearly every surface other than the tabletops in the pub.  The food was amazing, and it was a favorite of anyone who had ever entered the establishment.
Talia had introduced Taheem to the pub years before, and as Michael was trying to find a way to drive her to the door of the building, she was thinking that she had made a mistake by turning Taheem on to the place.  She sat in the front seat of the car with Michael as he failed to navigate that day's construction zone in the area around the constantly evolving World Trade Center, tapping the handle on her door as though her impatience would make a difference.
"Why did I ever teach anyone about O'Hara's?" Talia complained as she stared out her window.  "I never should have started that."
"Because you were sick of going to all the fancy places," Michael replied.  "You always say, fancy doesn't necessarily mean good."
"Sometimes I hate you identic memory," she muttered.  She actually liked his identic memory.  It came in handy quite often around the office. 
When she started as the Security Director for the UN, she had believed that she should take her clients to the world famous locations around Manhattan for lunch and dinner meetings.  She spent a few years repeatedly dining at The Russian Tea Room, The Rainbow Room, and Les Halles.  After a while, she wanted to have a more relaxed atmosphere, so she started to take her clients to more local spots, like O'Hara's.  The only problem that she had failed to see in the beginning, was that almost everyone loved O'Hara's.  The traffic issues in that neighborhood were unbearable, never-ending, and in no way a deterrent to her clients.
"What was I thinking?" she asked.
Michael smiled and didn't comment.  He finally made his way through the buses, taxis, cars, and utility vehicles to drop Talia at the corner where O'Hara's was located.  He had to stop between an off duty ambulance and a tour bus.
"See you in what, an hour?" he asked as she got out of the car.
"Better make it two," she groaned.  "I've got some explaining to do."
As Talia approached the door, she noticed a man wearing a double breasted suit and a checkered ghutra with an iqal on his head standing outside the door.  She assumed that Taheem was already inside waiting for her, and that this was one of his security team.  Of course, due to the traffic issues, she was all of five minutes late; not that the ever punctual Ambassador would appreciate how she suffered in mid day traffic.  With Taheem, there were few excuses for tardiness and even fewer for failure to live up to a promise, like keeping undesirables out of his cocktail parties.
She said a quick hello to the man in his native language, and he greeted her in English and opened the door so she could enter the pub.  Once inside, a waiter approached her, but she waved him off as she saw Taheem seated at a table in back of the bar.  She walked over and joined Taheem Sarraf, United Nations Ambassador from Qatar, who was dressed in a suit with a ghutra and iqal as well.
Taheem smiled as she took a seat.  "I was afraid you had forgotten our meeting."
"I would never forget a lunch with you," she smiled.  "I would like to forget the traffic in this neighborhood, however."
"Ah, the one bad thing about O'Hara's," he replied.
The waiter instantly joined them from the back room where the other bar was located, and took their lunch orders.  Taheem ordered the same meal every time they had lunch or dinner at O'Hara's.  He ordered Shepherd's Pie and a Guinness.  Talia had long since given up suggesting to him that he try anything else.  It was his favorite, and it was the reason that he frequented the pub.  His wife was not in favor of him eating such western food, because she believed that it was unhealthy, so he used business meetings as an excuse to indulge his food passions.  Talia ordered the Spinach Salad, full well knowing that she was going to have a heavy dinner that evening in Little Italy.  She wasn't much for drinking alcohol, so she had an ice water with lemon rather than joining him in a beer.
While they waited for their order to come, the two discussed the weather, some comments that were recently made by the American President on the news, the latest trend in supercars (another of Taheem's passions), and the ongoing construction in the area that was so loud outside the building that they could barely hear each other talk.  
It wasn't long before the food arrived.  The waiter made sure that they had everything they needed to enjoy their meal and went about his work.
"The food looks delicious," Taheem said.
"They make wonderful food here," Talia replied.
"You know why I requested we meet," he said.
She sighed and flung her red curly hair out of her way.  "I do.  You must know that this is not a typical circumstance regarding my private security services."
"I have worked with you for years, and this has never happened before," he agreed.  "What did happen, and should I be concerned in any way about future incidents?  The caliber of guest at any of my parties leaves me pressured to have the best security in the world.  Up until last night, I was confident that you provided the very best."
"There is nothing as far as I can tell that you should be concerned about.  This was an extremely isolated incident.  I wish I had a full analysis of the situation," she said.  "I'm still investigating the incident.  It should be fully examined by the end of the day.  I should have a full report available to you soon.  I will verify my suspicions and have a solution in place quickly, and we will never encounter this issue again.  My services are indeed, the best."
"And your suspicions are?" he asked.  
"My suspicions are that Mr. Walker must have entered directly from the beach.  He may have walked from the National Seashore all the way to your house.  In reality, it's not a long walk."
"You know who the intruder was?" 
"Yes, he was taken to a location where I debriefed him on his activities, and made certain that he did not take any actions that were harmful to you in any way.  What I have not verified yet, is how he made his way into the party undetected.  I'm fairly certain of the beach, but I am still investigating that.  The man is harmless.  He genuinely does not seem to have any particular interest in you or anyone that was invited to the party.  He has no international connections that would lead me to believe that there was anything other than superficial reasons for him crashing the party."
"And who is this intruder?  How do you know he has no political or malicious objectives?"
"His name is Cameron Walker.  He seems harmless enough.  He's a security systems designer himself.  He used to work for Google I think.  He's recently retired, and apparently had aspirations of becoming a tabloid site reporter.  I'm certain that won't work out for him.  Especially not after Tyrell picked him up and carried him out of the party by his pants."
Taheem took a gulp of his Guinness.  "That seems like quite a leap, as you would say.  Do you believe him?  Could he be covering up a covert operation of some kind?"
"I don't know," she groaned.  "I don't trust anyone.  You know that about me.  I am investigating him thoroughly.  I'll know more soon.  I don't want to make a rushed judgment on something like this.  I want all the information I can get, and then I can decide exactly who and what this man is.  I did make sure that he had no pictures or recordings of anything from the party.  There will be no repercussions or embarrassments for anyone at the party.  The details of motive and means I will investigate further, and then I will deal with Mr. Walker."
"Did he claim a motive?" he asked.
"He says he wished to meet me," she replied.  "That was the closest he came to charming."
Taheem smiled at her.  "I have never seen this side of your personality."
"What do you mean?" she asked.
"You are nervous, yes?  That is the term, correct?"
"I am not.  I am frustrated that someone managed to breach my security.  It's a matter of pride.  This has never happened, and I promise you it will never happen again."
"Is Cameron Walker an attractive man?" he asked, smiling.  "I only saw a tweed jacket and Mr. Smith's back last night."
"I hadn't noticed, why?" she asked.  "Does it matter?"
"You are a single woman," he mentioned.  "Is he a single man?"
"Don't be ridiculous," she scoffed.  "I merely want to find out how he got into the party, so I can make certain it never happens again.  He seems harmless, but I want to make sure I haven't missed anything.  I don't know him, and I certainly don't trust him.  I've only had a couple of short conversations with him, and he is nothing but frustrating.  And, as I've mentioned, he crashed your party.  That makes him a criminal.  I still could press trespassing charges."
"Is he smart?" Taheem asked.
"I guess so.  He almost has to have a certain level of intelligence to breach my security.  Why does that matter?"
"A man who frustrates a woman as much as this," Taheem gestured at Talia.  "He must be intelligent to have a woman like you so flustered.  A stupid man would not interest you in the slightest, but he seems to challenge you."
"Eat your lunch," she ordered him.  "I have no romantic interest in anyone, particularly a computer geek with lacking social skills.  It's an investigation into the character of a man who trespassed at your home during an international event against all the odds and my personal security.  Nothing more."
"And you are not eating for lunch.  You are not a dainty eater," he noticed.  "Where are you going with this Mr. Walker for dinner?"
"Casa Bella's," she said without thinking first.  "It's only because I'm investigating.  I thought it would help if I could have a full conversation with him, uninterrupted.  Like when I meet here with you.  I could have a better chance at finding out his real motive in a social setting with fewer phone calls getting in the way."
"I am certain that is true," he said, smiling.  "It's good to hear that your motives are purely professional."


The Terrorist's Game
Part VII
"What if it's boring - or if it's not boring, it might be too revealing, or worse, it might be too revealing and still be boring."
-Lily Tomlin


Cameron Walker looked in the mirror before leaving for his evening with the most impossible woman in the world, and he barely recognized himself.  Gone was the scraggly unkempt hair and untrimmed beard.  In was the short mid high cut with an anchor goatee.  Cameron didn't know what all of that meant, but he had gone from looking like he recently left Woodstock in 1969 to looking a bit like Robert Downey Jr. in "Iron Man."  The terminology was used by Emily, and she thought that the look was perfect for him.  The idea of highlights had been tossed around, but Emily said that real men didn't bother with highlights.  She said that it was primarily a male fashionista move and was only good for the LGBTQ+ community and maybe metrosexuals.  He deferred to her expertise, because he definitely wanted to appear as a real man for his evening out with Talia.  She was intimidating, and she enjoyed it, and he wanted to show her that he could handle himself.
Cameron's brown hair with its new style went famously with his Ralph Lauren Herringbone suit jacket, cashmere v-neck sweater, and button down shirt underneath.  He skipped the tie, but wore a Versace scarf and jeans to complete his stylish look. He didn't know what Talia had in mind for dinner, so Emily helped him walk a line between over and under dressed.  It was a fine line, especially when dealing with Ms. Anderson, but doable.  Once Emily was satisfied with his look, right down to his Prada sneakers, which was as fancy as he could go as a manly man, he felt confident in his appearance and was ready to spend an evening trying to impress the unimpressable Talia. 
“Ms. Anderson, you will truly be impressed,” he thought as he observed himself in the mirror.  "No more geek.  Prom king.  Bond, James Bond.  No. Prom King."
“Excuse me,” Cameron said to Rudolf who was still at the desk when he stepped out of the elevator.  
Rudolf turned to Cameron, jaw dropping in shock at his new look.  The geek who had wandered in off the streets days before had metamorphosed into a runway model butterfly.  The new clothes and hair suited his fairly British features.  He walked different, stood different and looked like a different person almost entirely.  Had he not spoken, he may not have recognized him at all.
“Yes, Mr. Walker,” Rudolf said, smiling.  “What can I do for you?”
“My date for the evening is coming to pick me up,” Cameron crowed.  He wondered if that sounded as cool to the concierge as it did to him.  “Would you tell her that I’ll be in the lounge?”
“Certainly, sir,” he said.  
Rudolf wondered what woman had caused such a radical change in Cameron Walker.  He certainly wanted to meet the woman in question.  He thought he might even shake her hand.  Rarely had he seen such a "Pretty Woman" styled transformation, and he knew it had to be prompted by a woman.  
“Thanks, Rudy.”  Cameron smiled and walked away.
"I wish he would stop calling me Rudy," he thought.
Rudolf waited until Cameron was safely out of the main desk area, then he called Chip over from the door.  He wasn’t a gossip, but he needed to know who the mystery woman was that was coming to retrieve Cameron Walker.  Mr. Walker's transformation was one such as he had never seen in a man, and he needed to know whom was responsible immediately.   
“Yes Mr. Camponelli?” Chip said as he approached the desk.
“Chip, do you know who Mr. Walker is meeting for dinner?” he asked.  “I’m not normally so curious about things that are none of my business, but he’s a completely different man from earlier today.”
“Sorry, sir,” Chip replied.  “Mr. Walked didn't elaborate on his date.  All I know is that a chauffeur dropped him off earlier in an Escalade.”
“Thank you,” Rudolf said.  “As you were.  Return to the door.  You know how the guests are if they have to open their own doors.  They…” his voice trailed off as his eyes locked on the front doors.  “Oh no.”
She entered the lobby with a swagger of confidence and a toss of her wild red hair.  Talia was always dressed appropriately for whatever the occasion was.  It was a casual evening she had planned, so she wore Versace from head to toe.  A pink themed tie dyed jean jacket with a signature tee underneath, tapered jeans, Barocco Pumps, and a Virtus Belt Bag in white.  The white Baroccos sported four inch heels, because she felt short around the somewhat taller Cameron Walker.  She hated to feel inferior, even if it was simply a matter of height.  She would allow him no advantage during this supposedly social interaction.  She needed to keep the upper hand, so she could gather the information she wanted.
Chip followed Rudolf's gaze.  He wasn't sure what to do.  Every service person in town knew who Talia Anderson was.  She held the reputation of being a legendary evil ice princess.  People he knew told him that she had never said a kind word in her life and that she treated everyone who was there to serve her as thought they were slaves.  Legend had it that her eyes glowed like a demon's in the dark.  There were people that he knew who had left the hospitality business and New York after a series of interactions with the most impossible woman in all of New York City.  
Chip took a deep breath, pushed down his feelings of terror, and approached her.  “Ms.  Anderson,  you look lovely this evening.  How may I help you?”
She almost bit the young bellboy’s head off for not meeting her with the door held open, but she thought better of it.  She didn't wish to create a scene with a door man that looked like he should have still been in high school.  She didn't want to cause him to soil himself while on the job and make herself look horrid.  She didn't wish for Mr. Walker to take that away from the early part of their evening.  Instead, she wanted to save wrathful language for later and apply it where she saw fit.  Talia planned on putting Cameron directly in his place within her world immediately after she intimidated out of him the information that she wished to obtain about his activities and before she sent him on his way permanently.  By the end of the evening, she should be able to reduce him to cattle fodder.  
“Thank you.”  She paused to look at Chip’s name badge.  “Chip.  I’m here to meet one of your patrons for an appointment.”
“Certainly, Ms. Anderson,” Rudolf said.  “Whom can we retrieve for you this evening?”
She never tired of the way people; men in particular, jumped to attention to serve her.  She felt selfish and maybe even mean, but it was fun to watch men in positions of servitude squirm.  It was an art to make them feel that way.  The royal treatment and nervousness that met celebrities in public had upset her mother to no end.  She never understood the notorious Clarissa Anderson's disdain of being fawned over, but that was none of her business.  She rather enjoyed her own reputation as a demon ice princess, especially in New York where everyone knew her and a lot of people were more than a bit frightened of her.  Power was a great feeling to Talia Anderson, and what drove her success.  It compensated for the feelings of insecurity that she hid from everyone in her life, but that was her private business and had no place in her evening's plans.  She tried never to think of her personal insecurities, because they were of no use to her in her present world.  The world needed to see her as the confident bitch she wanted it to see.  There was no substitute for being a bitch in personal security.
“Retrieve, I like that.”  She smiled at Rudolf.  “I’ve come to retrieve an annoying man by the name of Cameron Walker.  What floor might I retrieve him from or did he run home to Washington?”
Rudolf and Chip shot each other a look.  
“Um…” Rudolf stammered.  “Mr. Walker?”  
"So this is what metamorphosed him,” he thought.
Chip swallowed hard.  “He’s not in his room.”
“He’s not?” she asked.  
“He’d better not have blown me off,” she thought.  "The weasel."
“He’s in the lounge,” Chip said, gesturing to the lounge.
She let out a quick breath.  “Thank you.”
Cameron knew he was in trouble.  He felt Talia's presence even before he turned and saw her walking toward him.  She was the kind of woman that songs were written about.  She had an air about her that exuded perfection.  She was drop dead gorgeous with her bright red hair and royal blue eyes.  Her skin was pale, and he could see the freckles on her cheeks as she didn't need make up.  He understood why she had a reputation for getting whatever she wanted from anyone.  She had all the tools to knock most men off balance, and he hoped that he could stand his ground around her.  Her Versace casual outfit said that she didn't care what anyone thought and that everyone should envy her.  Talia Anderson was nothing but trouble, and he couldn’t wait to get into another round of intellectual banter with her.  She challenged him in a way no woman ever had before and that intrigued him.  He only had this one chance to earn a spot in her inner circle.  It was the one thing in life he truly wanted at that moment.
She couldn’t believe her eyes as she approached him at the bar.  She wasn’t sure at first glance that it was even him.  He looked so different with a new hair style and new clothes.  Her heart skipped a beat which really aggravated her.  She had no interest in any man.  What was it about this one?  Cameron Walker made her angry.  He got to her, and typically she hated anyone who did that.  She wouldn't let her guard down for one second with him.  He didn't deserve to see any of the real Talia.  That could ruin her reputation and inhibit her business and her position at the U.N.  How could she be the coldest bitch in town if she let some random guy charm her right out of her Versace?  
Michael had told her that Cameron insisted on paying for all of his clothes, which made her curious about his financial situation.  He must have been a better computer geek than she gave him credit for.  She had told everyone that she did a background check on Cameron, and at that moment, she wished that she actually had.  Seeing him in expensive clothes at an expensive hotel: she felt that maybe she should have been better prepared to handle him.  What was she missing?  
She nervously twisted the ring on her right hand—one of her nervous habits—as she approached him.  Who was this man?  What did he really want from her?
Cameron broke the silence, as they stood and stared at each other.  “Good evening.”
“Good evening.”  She was angry.  Her heart had skipped a beat when he spoke.  “You clean up pretty well.”  
“Thank you,” he replied.  "You look amazing, as always and you make it look effortless."  
He could tell he was making her nervous.  He watched her fidget with the ring.  “It only took an entire afternoon with a personal shopper and a style artist.”
She smiled.  He was just a man, with little in the way of social skills.  “Thanks.  Are you ready?”
“Sure.”  He stood and stopped to look at her.  “Versace? Nice.”
“Yes, thank you,” she replied.  How did he know the designer?  
He gestured to her to walk through the door first.  “I just need to know one thing.”
“What's that?” she asked.
“Are we taking a pink limousine tonight?” he asked, as he followed her through the door.

The Terrorist's Game
Part VIII
"I never realized until lately that women were supposed to be the inferior sex."
-Katharine Hepburn

Michael drove Cameron and Talia to dinner.  It was quiet in the Escalade, which was white, not pink, on the way through Chinatown with its popular shops and restaurants to Mulberry Street and the neighborhood of Little Italy.  It was a lovely fall evening in lower Manhattan, and it was all but empty save for the locals with the street merchants looking rather bored as they hoped for customers.  Summer was the big time for tourists to frequent the area in the evening and spend thousands of disposable dollars on purses, sunglasses and jewelry.  Since it wasn't a weekend, the tourists were nowhere to be found, and the workers of South Manhattan had gone to their homes in the suburbs for the night.  Since the epidemic, the area had been patronized far less at any time, but weeknights were Talia's favorite time to go out to eat at a local international neighborhood restaurant.
Michael pulled to the corner of Hester and Mulberry Streets and asked when to come back.  Talia instructed him to wait for her call.  Cameron noted that the building where the restaurant was located was pink. It was a deep bricky rose, but still rather pink. 
"Nice touch," he thought.  "I wonder why she chose this place?"
Cameron stepped out of the Escalade and held out his hand to help Talia out of the vehicle, which she ignored.  They made their way to the front of the establishment and were met by a little old lady wearing a black suit with a white shirt and a skirt instead of slacks.  All she needed was a habit and she would have passed for a Roman Catholic Sister.
"Good evening, dear," the lady said.  "It's so good to see you.  Sebastian will be so sorry he missed you."
"I'll call him soon," Talia replied.  
"He'll like that," she said.  "Two for dinner?  Would you like your usual table?"
"I would," Talia said, smiling at the woman.  "Thank you so much, Bitsie."
Cameron suddenly felt intimidated.  She had brought him to the heart of Little Italy to a restaurant where she knew the staff, or maybe the owner.  She knew them by name, and it was apparent that they had a social history.  She made sure to have their evening on her turf.  It was a power play, and he didn't know quite how to react.  He decided to play it cool, and see if any Mafiosos came by.
They followed the elderly Italian woman to a table not far from the center entrance point to the restaurant, but outside along the street with a view of a cartoon mural by Ron English.  The building, a brick store front from another era had been meticulously maintained and had floor to ceiling windows along its front that opened up completely, allowing the dining room to spill out into the street.  It was a common factor of most restaurants in Little Italy, and it was part of what made it so special to all of the tourists and locals alike who wished to get out and feel like they'd gotten away from their own world for a little while.  Little Italy was also famous for its delicious, authentic Italian food and delicious Gelato for dessert.
They sat at their table while Bitsie pulled a lighter from her skirt pocket and lit the candle in a hurricane glass in the center of the table with it.  There was a checkered tablecloth and sets of silverware wrapped in delicate linen napkins to complete the atmosphere.  Bitsie left them each a menu and said that she would be back in a few minutes to take their orders.
"Very nice," Cameron said as he perused the menu.  "Is she going to take drink orders?"
"I always get the Cabernet Sauvignon," Talia replied.  "Bitsie knows my taste."
"What if I want a beer?" he asked.
"You're in my town now," she said.  "Unless you want a Budweiser, just have the wine.  It goes great with Italian food."
He felt a little condescension in the air.  He didn't like to be talked down to.  He also had never been to New York's Little Italy, although he had seen pictures.  He couldn't decide whether he should attempt to exert his individuality or play along because he was out of his element.  He wanted to do the right thing to impress her and get her to allow him to get to know her.
"Are you okay?" she asked.  "You're quiet.  I don't know you well, but it doesn't seem like your normal."
"Sorry," he said.  "I was lost in thought.  Wine sounds fine.  Now, what should I order?  You know the restaurant, and the owners?"
She wasn't sure how to read his behavior, and she wasn't sure that she should tell him anything about her or her friends and family.  She wanted to believe that he was just a geek who wanted to get out of his lab.  She had trouble with trust, which was something that she inherited from her mother, and later was reinforced by most of the world.  She would have to consider him carefully.
"I cannot tell a lie.  I love the lasagna," she said.  "I also always start with the Bruschetta."
"Ah, such good choices," Bitsie said, as she and the waiter arrived with the wine.  "Shall I make that two?"
"That sounds fabulous," Cameron said.
The waiter poured the wine, Bitsie took the menus, and Talia took a sip and sat back to relax.
Cameron took a sip of his wine.  It was sweet to him.  He wasn't much of a wine guy.  He was a beer guy, and he loved to go tasting at all the microbreweries around Seattle.  It was one of the thoughts that made him a slight bit homesick.  He had actually hoped that he would have a chance to visit the Brooklyn Brewery while he was in town.  Maybe tomorrow.
"You aren't much for wine?" she asked, seeing the slight grimace on his face as he sipped his wine.  "Uncle Sebby would be disappointed.  That comes from his family's vineyard."
"Uncle Sebby?" he asked.
"Not really my uncle," she explained.  "He's a dear old friend of my mother's and a well known personality around here.  Bitsie is his mother, and this is her restaurant.  He went into other businesses, but she always carries her baby's wines." 
" I see.  It's just different from what I normally drink," he said.  "No offense to Uncle Sebby or Bitsie.  I'm here for the adventure.  Why don't you tell me all about you?"
"What's to tell?  I'm Clarissa Anderson's daughter, so there's no more to explain there.  You've seen what I do for a living, almost first hand, at the party you crashed last night.  That was clever, by the way.  I'm still catching hell for that.  What else?  You've been to my house.  This is one of my favorite spots and my family is friends with the family who owns it.  What more do you need to know?" she asked.
"I don't know," he replied.  "I've read your books.  Your theories are amazing.  Your knowledge vast.  You're infinitely worldly.  I've spent most of my life in a lab.  I'm in awe of you.  I'm just learning a little bit about life, and it seems like you know everything there is to know about the world.  I'm jealous and intrigued."
She had been smiling but her smile faded.  All she could think about was Dmitri and Anya.  She had been perfectly happy to be with her family in Russia.  Her husband had taught her about terrorism and security systems.  It was his business at that time, not hers.  She supposed she should be thankful to him for providing her with the knowledge for a career before he died.  She wished she had not had to learn anything about the real world and been able to stay in her bubble in Moscow.
“I used to be more sheltered than you probably ever were,” she said.  "Sometimes I miss it.  It was comfortable and normal."
Cameron saw the look of longing in her eyes.  He wondered what it was all about.  “I’m sorry.  You seem to thrive on your work.  I mean, your writing on terrorism is incredible.  I’ve read all of your books.  Your theories are amazing.  Your security systems are second to none.  Sorry I caused you some grief by breaching one of your happenings.  You've been at the U.N. for years.  You are famous among diplomats and dignitaries and popular with your clients.”
“Don't worry about Taheem.  He'll live.  You’ve read my books?  I didn’t think that a guy like you would be interested in that stuff,” she said.  "They're designed for a narrow audience of scholars in the field and actually quite boring.  I prefer a good Tom Clancy novel.  How did you get in that party, by the way?"
“I’m interested in more than computers," he said.  "I’m good at the computer programming game, that’s all.  I have other interests like keeping a few secrets from a lady to keep her interest during the evening.  But, in reality, I'd rather learn something than spend my time on flights of fancy.  I sense that you are the same, since you can't leave work alone for one evening.  Where did you learn to theorize about terrorism?  Your analysis is unique and logical.”
There was a lingering uneasy silence as they ate their Bruschetta.  She took some time to collect her thoughts.  She felt the urge to talk about herself, but she didn’t want to say too much, since she still distrusted him.  She wanted to know how he got into that party.  She had kept her personal life a secret for years for distinct reasons.  She certainly didn’t want the world at large to know about her marriage and daughter.  The press would turn all of their lives into a media circus, especially with her father in law currently running for the office of the President of Russia.  Whether she wanted to believe that Cameron was a nice guy or not, he had come into her life on a challenge from the editor of a tabloid site, while committing minor crimes and invading the lives of several important diplomats.  That was a cold hard fact.
 Cameron watched her as he ate his Bruschetta.  He wanted to start a conversation, but he was uncertain about what he could and couldn't say.  He felt that everything he said to her came out wrong and that there was no way for him to come out looking good.  He didn't want her to find out how he got into the party, because he felt that it was a hinge on what was keeping her at the table.  He really had just walked in from the beach while no one was looking.  He didn't want her to know, that was all.  Talia really did come off as an ice goddess most of the time.  He needed to play his cards carefully, or he would find himself ousted from her world.  Then he would be back to square one in the transformation that he was trying to make in his life.
 He finished his Bruschetta and considered his next move.  After ten minutes, he decided that he may as well go for the gusto and ask the question that he most wanted to know the answer to.  “So, where does a girl like you learn all of that terrorism stuff?”
Talia nearly choked on her Bruschetta.  She studied his face for a moment before she replied.  “What do you mean, where do I learn it?  I majored in international studies, anthropology, and social sciences in college.  I minored in languages and concentrated in military history of the world.  You could have read my credentials off of one of my book flaps.”
“Of course I read your flaps.  You seem as though you have a deep understanding of the subject matter that no one else has," he said.  "Your analysis doesn't seem second hand, as though from a textbook.  It reads as though you've lived it.  Where does that mystical understanding come from?”
“I’ve been around, that’s all,” she replied abruptly.  “I operate in circles where you can’t help but learn things.  Look, I don’t want to talk about me.  I’m not that interesting.  I'm a sponge and absorb what all the diplomats around me talk about.  How about you.  What makes a computer geek decide to turn paparazzi?”
It was going to be more difficult than Cameron thought to get acquainted with Talia Anderson.  
"What is she hiding?" he wondered.

The Terrorist's Game
Part IX
"I would have made a lousy stripper. I'm just not very comfortable exposing myself." 
-Robin Wright

“My life is complicated," Cameron said.  "I grew up poor, did what I had to do to make a living.  I found my place at Google designing elite security for rich important people.  I’ve met people from all over the world, but they came to me, to invest in the programs which I designed.  I’ve never gone out and done anything.  I want to live my life, instead of living vicariously through a computer.  I don’t know how else to explain it.  I felt like my world wasn’t reality, and I wanted to see what real life felt like.”
Talia understood how he felt.  She’d spent her childhood locked up in her mother’s world.  Clarissa Anderson was a victim of the media.  Clarissa had spent her life in front of the camera, beginning when she was six, and it finally turned her into a paranoid hermit.  Unfortunately, Talia had been a young girl when her mother had capitulated over the edge into certifiable insanity, so she was locked up for years with tutors instead of in classrooms with teachers.  There had been no school for her, no close friends, no dances, no parties.  She had no adolescence to speak of.  She applied to New York University, was accepted, left her mother's home, and never looked back.  
Talia called her mother often to make sure that she was still healthy, and knew well that Tyrell was her mother's source of information about what was happening in her career and life.  But her relationship with Clarissa was strained to say the least.  Talia and her mother had not seen each other much more than on the holidays in the last couple of decades.
Talia didn't understand her mother.  She didn't care what the public thought.  All of her secrets were guarded for reasons of personal safety and national security, not by choice.  The idea that paparazzi could push someone over the edge simply because of overexposure, seemed ridiculous.  She had a thick skin and prided herself on that fact.  She believed that she was the toughest woman in the world and had yet to see someone prove her wrong.   
“I understand,” she finally answered.  “My mother is insane.  Everyone in the world knows that.  I was eight years old when she officially went crackers.  I spent most of my time locked away in her mansion in Connecticut with tutors and body guards and servants.  I barely got to date until I ran away to college.  I was extremely sheltered.  I learned how to drive at twenty.  I was behind in social development in every way.”
“How did you overcome it?” Cameron asked.
“Who says I overcame it?  I hate people; no offense.  I would love to spend the rest of my life not having to deal with the masses, but it's my job.”
“Your  job continually puts you in the public eye.”  
“Ironic, huh?”  She took another sip of her wine.  “I have a need to tell people that they don’t get it.  I think that’s why I stick around this town and advise people what to do with their beach houses and expensive 57th Street apartments and sometimes their governments.”
“Why do you feel like you always have to be in charge?” he asked.
He was amazed at how her mind worked.  He felt that if he spent a lifetime, he would still have no idea what made her tick.  She could be bare bones honest with him and he would still think that there was a hidden labyrinth of layers inside of her psyche.  She was the single most guarded individual he had ever met.
“Security systems are easy," she said.  "That's my bread and butter so to speak.  It's terrorism and the public that makes me crazy.  It’s like no one is paying attention.  There are patterns and signs in everything these separatists do.  You can’t believe a word they say.  A very wise man told me that years ago, and he was right.  I keep shouting the obvious from the rooftops, and on any given topic, it falls on deaf ears.  The leaders of the world will ignore these groups until they eventually take over the whole damn planet and every government and church in it.  It gets so frustrating that I don’t even know why I keep trying.  I guess I have a need to make people see what they don’t want to.”
“Okay, let's say I’m the general public.  What is it that I’m missing?" he asked.  "What am I missing?  What should cue me in to the reality of separatist behavior?”
“You don’t want to get into this, do you?  I thought this was a one shot deal for you to convince me that you’re a nice guy.”
“Maybe this is part of me convincing you that I'm nice.  I want to know what goes on in that head of yours.  I think that a lesson in terrorism might give me a clue.  Try me.”
“You're insane.  Fine, I'll tell you about my career.  It took me three and a half years to get our government to understand that the Russian terrorism network The Alder Nation, was in no way connected with Middle Eastern separatists.”  She paused.  “You read my books, right?  When the Russian network started to gain worldwide recognition, they called themselves the Northern Taliban.  Most people presumed that they were Muslim because of the name,  but it was a diversion.  The group is in no way connected to the Taliban and is in no way Muslim.  It took me years to convince any government of that.”
“What made you believe that they weren’t Muslim?  I had trouble following your process in the book.”  Cameron was fascinated.  “Most known terrorist groups in that part of the world are Muslims.  I don't mean to sound prejudiced, but they are.  What led you to believe otherwise?”
“лерсиваљ.” 
He stared at her.  “What?”
“That's the name that the leader of the Northern Taliban took for himself long before the group changed their name to The Alder Nation.  That was how I knew that they weren’t Muslim.”
“What is the name?" he asked.  "I’ve heard plenty of Russian, and even speak a little, but I’ve never heard anything that sounded like that.”
"Where did you learn Russian?"
"I live in Seattle.  Russians are a large section of our tourists and business.  Street signs are sometimes printed in Russian and English and Japanese.  We're diverse in Washington."
She had been to Seattle once.  She forgot about the signs that appeared in multiple languages.  The airport printed a lot of signs in up to eight languages.  
"Stay alert," she told herself.  “Did you ever hear the story of King Arthur?”
“Yes, of course,” he replied.
“After Lancelot and Guinevere betrayed Arthur, he fell apart and the kingdom of Camelot went to hell.  He sent out his knights of the roundtable to find the Holy Grail.  He believed that things would return to normal and life would be good again if he could have the cup of Christ.”
“I know the story.  I watched some movies over the years, but I don’t remember the details.”
“They found the grail, and Mordred still killed Arthur in the battle for the kingdom.”  
“Yes.  What does any of this have to do with Russian Separatists?” he asked.
“There are some who believe that the reason the grail didn’t have the desired effect on Arthur’s life is that the grail didn’t rightfully belong to him.  There are those who believe that the Holy Grail rightfully belonged to the person who was made its keeper, and no one else.  That person was Percival.”  
“Okay,” he said, confused.
Talia stopped speaking, because the waiter brought their food.  She politely waited until their dinner was neatly placed in front of them, then she thanked him and asked him to thank Bitsie for the amazing food.  
She was starting to relax, and although she knew she would probably tell him too much about her life if she kept drinking wine and didn’t care.  It felt good to have a social evening with stimulating conversation.  Cameron seemed genuinely interested in her world and was exhibiting a passion for it that she didn't encounter often.
The waiter brought them another bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon.  
“So, you were saying?” Cameron asked.
“лерсиваљ is Russian for Percival.  The son of a bitch named himself Percival, the rightful keeper of the Holy Grail.”
"Where did she learn such things?" he wondered.  “So this was your basis for surmising that the Alder Nation isn’t Muslim?”
“What more do you need?  Percival has been hailed as the noble knight who guarded the Holy Grail.  He had the cup of Christ that would give him eternal life, yet he didn’t drink from it.  Instead, he let King Arthur drink from it so that Arthur could live forever.  How noble is that?” she replied.
“It’s noble, but how does that prove your theory?”  
“Muslims believe that Jesus was a prophet.  They don't follow grail lore.”
“Isn't grail lore for Catholics?  Why would a Russian follow it?” he asked.
“Russian Orthodox is based in Catholicism.  The hierarchy includes the Pope,” she explained.
“I had no idea,” he replied.  “Why did he choose a name from the legend of King Arthur instead of something religiously significant?”
“The mystery I suppose.  He couldn’t call himself God or Jesus, because people would catch that in a second.  Every language has a name for God.  He chose a name that most people would never catch onto, so he could deliberately mislead people.  It’s a game, like when a serial killer leaves a signature clue behind.  Russians historically don't read the legend of King Arthur.  Most people would never recognize the Russian pronunciation of a name like Percival.”
“God, you’re brilliant!” he exclaimed.  
Talia blushed.  She hadn’t blushed in years.  “Thanks.  I learn things as I go.  I’ve learned a lot about Russian people, their lore, their lives, their politics.  I was only ahead of the game at first.  After they changed their name to The Alder Nation, anyone who knew anything about Arthur could figure it out.”
“I guess I know nothing, because I don’t get it.”  
“Alderly Edge is the place in Britain where legend states that the knights of the roundtable are sleeping; waiting to be awakened to rule the world again.  That’s where the current name of the group came from.”
“That’s clever.”    
“It’s odd, I’ll give the Russian bastards that.  I wish that they would make their political ambitions public, instead of playing games behind the scenes.  Political change is the only effective change, don’t you think?” she asked.
“I guess that’s true.  But, traditional war is all but gone.  Some would say that radical change is the only effective change.”  He suddenly remembered the elections on television.  “By the way, did you happen to see the results of the elections in Russia?”  
She had been so distracted by Cameron that she forgot all about Election Day in Russia.  “I forgot.  Who won?”  
She felt a flutter in her stomach and wanted to faint.  She was terrified that her daughter would suddenly be living with the President of Russia.  
“Eduard Sokolovsky,” Cameron said.  He was proud that he knew something about Russia that Talia Anderson didn’t know.  He saw her face and was afraid she was going to faint.
“Are you all right?” he asked her.
Talia stood up, shakily.  “I’m fine.”  She tossed her napkin onto the table.  “Would you excuse me for just a moment?”  Without waiting for him to reply, she bolted from the table.
“What the hell did I do now?” he wondered.  He watched the doorway to the building.  He waited.  He looked at his watch.  He finished his dinner.  
“She’s not coming back.  What the hell was that all about?” he thought.

The Terrorist's Game
Part X
"I feel that certain things are best kept inside a family and not discussed with anyone else."
-Annette Bening

Cameron waited for a few minutes.  Bitsie came to the table and told him that Talia had to go.  He was baffled and frankly, furious, not to mention embarrassed.  He deserved better than to be run out on with no explanation.  He felt that the least she could have done, the very least, would have been to tell him herself that she was leaving.  His opinion of  her went quickly from how interesting he found her to the idea that she was nothing but a rude, spoiled princess.  He knew that she saw him as a lab rat from the world of computer programming, but even lab rats have feelings.  All the fame and all the money in the world still gave her no right to act as though his feelings and common courtesy didn't matter.
"Mr. Walker," Michael said, appearing at Cameron's table side.  "Are you ready to leave?"
He thought for a moment that he would love to unload all over Michael about how rude, spoiled, selfish, and pompous his employer was, but then he gave it another thought.  It wasn't the employee's fault when an employer was a jerk.  He used to hear about the carryings on of people from the call center associates at work.  They told horrible tales of people yelling at them for something that they had no control over.  Therefore, he promised himself that he would never be the person who unloaded on the employee that had no control over the situation at hand.  She probably came that way from her mother, and there was nothing he could do to change that.  Her mother, in her earlier years, appeared as a heinous princess on many episodes of TMZ.  Since she had not allowed him to get to know her at all, he presumed that the irrational behavior of spoiled brat ultimately must run in the family.
"Sure," he replied.  "It was a nice dinner while it lasted."
Michael said nothing.  The waiter had come with the remaining dinner packaged to go.  Michael picked it up and walked with Cameron to the Escalade.  He didn't say a word.  He was loyal to Talia, but he didn't always approve of her behavior.  There were many times that he wanted to scold her like a small child for her inappropriate behavior, but he was the employee.  It wasn't his place to make his rude, pompous boss behave like a demure lady.
"What happened?" Cameron asked once inside the Escalade.  "Even I have never behaved like that."
"I'm not at liberty to say.  I'm sorry," Michael replied.  "It's not as outlandish or rude as it seems.  There was an emergency, and she had to leave.  She should have said something, but she was upset over the problem.  It wasn't your fault."
"What could have been such a problematic emergency?" Cameron thought.  "It had to have something to do with the Russian Election, but what?"
In a few minutes, Michael pulled up to the Radisson and stopped for Cameron to get out.  Michael exited the vehicle and walked around to open the door for him.
Cameron sat in the seat and looked at Michael.  "This is it?  I don't ever get to know what happened?"
"It's complicated," Michael answered.  "I wish I had an answer for you, but I'm not at liberty to discuss Talia's business.  Discretion is part of the job."
He grunted and got out of the car.  He snatched his dinner container from Michael and walked away to the building.
"What kind of bullshit is this?' he wondered.
"I'm sorry, sir," Michael said.  "I told her she should have explained it to you.  She's extremely secretive about her life, and to a great degree, her work as well.  To be honest, I think she likes you, but you didn't hear that from me."
"That's great, but she's impossible," Cameron replied.
"Yes, she is," Michael agreed.
Cameron walked away from the Escalade and into the hotel.  He stood by the door, phone in hand, typing while holding his leftovers in the other hand.  He watched as Michael drove the Escalade around the corner.  He texted for an Uber.  He wasn't giving up just yet.
"Sir, can I help you?" the latest attendant at the counter asked.
Cameron shook his head and walked back out the door.  He waited on the sidewalk, container and all, for a few minutes, and then a blue Dodge Caravan that looked as though it had seen better days, most likely in the 1990's, pulled up to the cur.  He opened the door and got inside.
"Where would you be to going?" asked the apparently Indian gentleman who was driving the Dodge Uber.
"Do you know the Billionaire Row section of 57th Street?" Cameron asked.
"I do."
"252 East 57th Street, please," he ordered.
The driver didn't say a thing, and neither did Cameron.  It was a fairly long drive from lower Manhattan, just blocks from Pier 11 to the Upper East Side where Talia lived on 57th Street.  
Cameron was absorbed in thought.  He was hurt and angry and needed to tell her what he thought.  He wasn't a manly man historically, but he had an ego just like any guy; no matter how deeply inside his psyche it was buried.  He wanted her to have a good impression of him, but he didn't want her to see him as someone whom she could treat like a doormat.  He hated how uncaring she was toward everyone.  She didn't even have a pet.  He saw her as heartless, emotionless (except for anger), and selfish with a touch of over confidence and an over inflated view of herself that needed to come down about 20 pegs.  He felt that it was his duty to find this woman and put her emotionally and intellectually in her place.  Then she might respect him.
There was a doorman at Talia’s building.  “Is Ms. Anderson in?” Cameron asked politely.
“Why yes, shall I ring her for you?” he answered.
He realized that this could be quite difficult.  The doorman was older and he was pretty sure that he could take him and get by, but he didn't want to seem like a madman.  He only wanted to seem like an angry man.  He also didn't want to hurt a guy that reminded him of an older Charlie Chaplin, outfit and all.
“Is there any possibility that you would let me go up and ring her bell?  My name is Cameron Walker, and I was her dinner date for this evening," he told the man.  "Surely, if you’ve known her for long, you must have some idea what I’m dealing with.”
“I’m sorry; I really can’t do that Mr. Walker," the doorman replied.  "If you know her, then you know that I don’t dare go against her wishes.  I'm too old to be unemployed or worse.”
He knew that he couldn’t argue about it.  God only knows what she would do to a doorman for not following her orders.  He waited as the doorman went to his desk and called her apartment.  He came back smiling.  
“I know, she doesn’t want to see me.  Thanks anyway.”  Cameron turned to leave.
“She doesn’t wish to see you," the doorman said.  "However, her bodyguard, Tyrell, said to come up right away.  I don't know how he handles her, but he is the master."
After what seemed like an eternity, the elevator reached the penthouse.  When the doors opened, Tyrell was waiting for him.
“Mr. Walker, I’m so sorry about her behavior this evening,” he said.  “She’s a handful sometimes, like a child with an adult lifestyle.  It can be frightening.  Rest assured, it's not about you.  She has a lot of irons in the fire and a lot of baggage in her head.”
“Fair enough," Cameron said.  "I just want to know one thing.  What are the odds of me getting her to talk to me?"
“I don’t know.  Probably the same as the Browns winning a Super Bowl,” Tyrell said smiling.  "But, you've come this far.  I respect your determination.  Maybe she will talk to you.  Even polar ice caps can melt.  And if you tell her I said that, I'll deny it until the day I die."
Tyrell liked Cameron and thought that he was precisely what Talia needed  in her life.  He was the first man to get a date with her since before she had married her now dead husband.  He was impressed that Cameron would follow her after she left him sitting by the street in Little Italy.  He had a confidence that she needed to keep her grounded, and Tyrell wanted to give the computer geek a fighting chance.  
“Let me talk to her for a minute.  I’ll see what I can do.”  He put his hands out to him as if to stop him from moving.  “Whatever you do, do not open that door,” he said, pointing to a door at the end of the hall.
Cameron waited in the annoyingly pink and gray living room for at least ten minutes until Tyrell returned from the room down the hall which he hadn't been allowed in during his earlier visit.  He didn't know whether he should sit, stand, get a drink from the bar.  He was anxious and had no idea what was going to happen next.
Finally, Tyrell came out of the room and back to the living room.  
“Well?” Cameron asked him.
“She said she has no time for you.  However, please understand what it's like for her.  She has issues with men and relationships.  She can’t trust anyone until she’s known them for a while;  a long while.  There’s a lot of things that you and the rest of the world as well, don’t know about this woman.  You have to accept that.  If you don't respect her need for sometimes unbearable privacy, she will shut you out.  You can’t get to know the woman if you try to get to know her too fast," he explained.  "I know she’s got a reputation as being an ice princess, and a bitch, and God knows what.  That woman is a sensitive creature, no matter what she wants you to think.  She’s got mood swings that would rival any case of menopause, and she’s real passionate about certain things.  Do not belittle those things.  She’s completely female, no matter what she would like us to think.  No matter what she seems like, you have to treat her with compassion and understanding.  Otherwise, she may kill you.  You got me?”
Cameron understood everything Tyrell said, but he was frustrated at that point, and barely cared.  “What difference does any of that make if I never get to talk to her again?”
“I thought that, against my better judgment, I would let you go in there,” Tyrell said. 
“I thought you said that she didn’t want to see me.”
“She positively does not.  Sometimes I have to treat her like a child.  I’ve known her since she was a kid.  There are times when I know what’s best for her, and I think that she would be better off with you by her side right now.  I don’t think that she knows what she needs. She's having a crisis and shouldn't be alone.”
“Won’t she fire you?” Cameron asked.
“Won’t be the first time, it probably won't be the last.  I’ve been fired more times than you can possibly imagine.  She is having an emotional crisis right now.  I’m not going to tell you about it.  I wouldn’t break a confidence, and I won't push her to explain her deepest secrets to you.  Tread lightly.  Her life is complicated.  The Russian election really set her off.”
“Why?”  
“She has to explain that to you herself," Tyrell said.  "I value my life too much to tell you something like that without her permission.  Be caring, but insistent, and don’t push too hard.  Good luck.”
Cameron was ushered into the room at the end of the hall as she emerged from behind a giant desk, wearing a Michael Kors puffy jacket in maroon over her outfit from earlier, and pulling a bright pink hard sided suitcase behind her.  
She took one look at him, then looked past him to Tyrell who hadn’t closed the door yet.  “You’re fired!”  
Tyrell closed the door, smiling.


The Terrorist's Game
Part XI
"I just felt like I had to create a life for myself where I was more independent."
-Karen Allen

Talia stared at Cameron.  “Look, I’m sorry.  You don’t want to get involved in this.  It's complicated, and I don't have time to explain it.”
“Fine, it's complicated.  I know I’m a geek, but I’ve never had a date run out on me in the middle of dinner.  Whatever I did, I’m sorry.  I won’t ever do it again,” he explained.
Talia felt a twinge of guilt that which was the same guilt she felt every time she pushed someone away.  It was worse than normal this time, however.  She had things that she had to do, they were important and time sensitive.  She didn’t have time to explain herself or her life to a man who would probably sell the story to a tabloid site.  She overwhelmingly did not trust him.  Why was he getting to her like a mother; her mother?  She had met thousands of men over the years, and she had no problem pushing them aside, putting them in their place and going on her way.  Why did this lab rat seem radically different?  
“You didn’t do anything wrong.  I’m sorry, but in my life things come up that are time sensitive and highly classified, and I have to go immediately, without notice.  It’s beyond my control, because of the delicate nature of a lot of the material I work with.  It’s a lifestyle that I’ve grown accustomed to over the years.  I work with governments, diplomats, royalty, and dignitaries.  They don't wait, I wouldn't expect them to, and for that I'm sorry.  Don’t concern yourself with it.  I can handle the things that happen in my work.  I apologize, but I have to go now and take care of something that's highly classified and time sensitive.”
Cameron was baffled.  He knew that it had something to do with the Russian election, but he couldn’t figure out precisely what about it had set her off and made her run.  
“You act like the election in Russia has something to do with you, personally.  Is that what it is or do you react to all world events this way?  If you take every election or attack personally, you’re going to die of a bleeding ulcer.  I know that you live with the world at your disposal and people rely on you for advice on delicate matters all the time, but do you drop everything and run off every time an international incident happens?”
"You know that I’m involved with many people in Russian politics, right?" she asked.  "I don't talk about it ever, but I’m close to Eduard Sokolovsky.  I've known him for many years.  I was surprised when he ran for President, and I’m even more surprised that he’s now the President elect.  I need to go and speak with him.  It's imperative to me, I'm sorry.  I don't have a detailed explanation for you.  It's private.”
“This is personal?" he asked.  "It has nothing to do with your work?” 
“Yes.  It is personal.  I have to leave.  I didn't mean to leave you sitting there at Casa Bella.  I apologize for that.  I lost my head a little bit.  We’ll talk when I get back if you would like, I promise.”
He sat down on her gray sofa next to a fur pink pillow and looked at her, standing in front of him with her Pepto Bismol pink luggage.  He didn’t like the idea of leaving her, because he knew she would never sit down and talk with him again.  She was like a rare pink tropical bird, living in the wild, and he was the bird watcher.  He had gotten close enough to get a glimpse of her, but she was trying to fly away.  He never saw a bird like her before, and he knew that if he let her go, he would never see her again.  He felt compelled to do something to remain at her side.  This was fast becoming a crossroads.  He was fascinated by her, and he needed time to understand her better.  He wanted to know what made her tick.  He wanted to get in her head and figure out what was inside.  He knew he had to make some kind of overture to maintain the dialogue so that she didn’t slip away.  
“I’ll ride with you to the airport,” he offered.  “I want a little more time with you.  You’ve barely given me a chance to get to know you, and you haven't learned anything about me.  I need to prove that I'm worth your time.  I would really like that chance.  That was initially the point of the entire evening.”
“I said I would call you when I get back.”  
“I know, but you and I both know that ain’t happening.  I wasn’t born yesterday.  I’m naïve, but I’m nowhere near that dumb.  I know that I’m a minor inconvenience to you; a loose end from an embassy party, but I think you should reconsider your opinion.  I'm a handy guy to have around.  You would be surprised what I can do.  I am a tech genius, and I clean up really nice.  Take a chance for once in your life, and let me in.  You might like the results.”
Talia hated him, but she liked him.  He challenged her, and she both liked and hated that.  Most men would do anything, including let her walk all over them, to get her attention.  She found blatant pandering exhausting and it left her with no respect for them.  It was like shaking small yapping dogs off of her legs.  Cameron was different in a geeky, yet capable way.  He was the most confident geek she ever met, and that disturbed her, because it threw her perceptions of the civilized universe entirely out of balance.  He wasn't about to let her call the shots, which was a position that she didn't want to be in, but was intrigued by.  She had almost forgotten what it was like to treat a man as an equal.  Sometimes she even forgot to treat men as human beings.  She intended to call him when she got home, but he wouldn’t believe her.  She couldn’t blame him for that.  She needed time to decide how she could manage him, but she didn't want to make that time immediately.  
“I'm not trying to dodge you.  I promise, I’ll call you.  I really have to go.  I swear, it’s not that I want to run out on you.”  She meant what she said.
He took her suitcase from her.  “Good, then I’ll ride with you to the airport.  On the way, I can give you all of my contact information, so you can reach me anywhere, anytime.  In case you need me for anything.  Maybe I can get a number for you that you will answer.  Should I call us an Uber?”
“To be honest, Tyrell is my pilot.  He’s also my driver, so he will drive me.  Michael is my copilot, so I have everything I need.  The jet should be ready for takeoff when we arrive at the hangar.  With that taken care of, we’ll be in the air in a few minutes.  There won’t be much time for us to talk.  You can call Michael and leave him the contact information.  You have his number.  I have no idea how long I will be away, but I will call or text you as soon as I can.  I swear.”
She had an answer for everything, and she had a jet?  He needed to keep her with him.  He was sure that she would never contact him again, no matter how much she insisted that she would.  He couldn’t let that happen.  He knew he was  acting insecure, but the woman had a reputation, and that made him feel that his insecurities were justified.  
“I think you need me to come along as an escort,” he said.  "I may be of use.  You could use a personal tech.  I'm the best there is.  That's a fact.  You can check it out."  
“I'm sure you are, but I don't need a tech.  I need to go alone," she insisted.   "I can’t have you tagging along like a puppy.  This is not the first time I have traveled in this way.  I can handle it, and I can do it without your help.  Not to be difficult, but I'm a perfectly capable woman, and unfortunately, this is a world that I'm all too familiar with.”
“Why do you have to go alone?” he asked.  Tyrell had told him not to push her, but he didn’t feel that he had a choice.  "I'm not asking you to pay my way.  I want to help with whatever this is.  I want to show you that I can be there for you.  Remember, I'm really a nice guy."
“I know you mean well, but it’s personal," she snapped.   "I can’t tell you more than that.  That’s why it’s called personal.  I'm sorry.”    
“Personal, how?  What are you hiding?  Why won’t you trust me with the least little thing?  I don’t know a damn thing about you!  You are unbelievably frustrating!  You won’t let anyone in the world know anything about you.  You must be the loneliest woman on Earth, with the possible exception of your mother.  I give up.  Don’t call me.  I don’t have the time or the patience for you.  All I wanted was to spend some time with you, because you are amazing in so many ways, but you are the most infuriating woman I’ve ever met.  I don't need this.  Good-bye.”  He turned to walk to the door.
Something happened in that moment.  For the first time since Talia had been married to Dmitri, she was suddenly afraid that a man would leave.  For some reason, she couldn’t bear that.  It made her gut twinge in a bad way.  When he compared her to her mother, he struck a  nerve.  Her mother was a hermit with no life and she was scared of everything it seemed to Talia.  She didn’t want to become her mother.  She had to make a decision that could affect the rest of her life.  Once he knew about her, there was no turning back.  At that point, he would be able to expose her and her past to the whole world, and there would be nothing she could do about it.  Could she trust him?  
“Cameron, wait,” she said.  
He turned and glared at her.  
“Don’t leave this way.”  A tear ran down her cheek.  “Are you sure you’re ready to find out about me?  You may not be able to handle it.  I mean it.  Most people don’t believe me when I explain it.  I don't do it often for a reason.”
“I’m sure I can deal with whatever it is," he said.  "I’m tougher than I look.  You can count on me.”  
“Do you have a passport?” she asked.    
“Yes.  It’s at the hotel.  Why?”
“Let’s go.”  
She opened the door without answering Cameron and spoke to Tyrell.  “We need to stop by the Radisson and pick up his things on our way to the plane.”  
Despite her firing him, Tyrell had never left the penthouse.  
She turned to Cameron.  “I’ll explain on the way.  Do you have warm clothes with you?  A nice winter coat or something?”
“No, why?  Is it that cold in September in Moscow?” he asked, presuming that was their destination.
“I doubt it,” she said.  “We aren’t going to Russia.  There are reasons, which I will explain, I promise, that we can’t visit with Eduard in Russia.  We meet in other locations.  It's for security and safety.”
Cameron gaped at her.  He was suddenly feeling as though he was way in over his head.  “Where are we going?”  
“Reykjavík.”   
“The Reykjavik in Iceland?” he asked.
“Yes.”    
“I’ll stop by the duty free shop on the way,” he answered her.
“Okay,” she replied with no explanation.  “I’m sorry Cameron.  Give me some time to organize my thoughts and I will explain everything.  My personal baggage is unbearable.  I hope you’re as resilient as you think you are.  If I’m right, you’re going to wish you’d never met me.”
He followed her out the door and shut it behind them.  “What could be so bad?” he wondered.  "What the hell did I get myself into?"

The Terrorist's Game
Part XII
"Everyone does things for love."
-Sandra Bullock

The stop in duty free was short and simple.  Cameron picked up an L.L. Bean parka and some Thinsulate gloves.  Talia insisted that he buy some Gumshoes as well, in case the weather in Iceland got soggy.  He had bought plenty of sweaters and jeans earlier in the day on his shopping spree, so he was easily readied to go to the Island nation that bordered the Arctic Circle and was a well known stopover between continents for travelers.  
He was trying to wrap his mind around what was happening and why they were skulking away to Reykjavik, Iceland under a veil of mystery that seemingly only he didn't understand.  Talia's staff didn't question anything that she said.  It was as though they knew exactly what she was thinking and were normally one step ahead of her, which piggy backed onto the fact that she tended to seem as though she was always one step ahead of everyone else in the world.  This trip that they were embarking on, seemed routine to these people, and he found that disconcerting.
Cameron felt uncontrollably compelled to discover what Talia’s unnatural interest in Eduard Sokolovsky was.  It was driving him crazy.  One word about the man, and she made instant arrangements to meet with him in a discreet location in the North Atlantic.  He was too old to be her love interest, and he was not known around the world as a stand out leader.  In the news, he was talked about in a boring matter of fact way on a regular basis.  He seemed cookie cutter bland, and in no way capable of setting anyone off the way he did Talia.  He hoped that she would explain what their connection was, as she promised, because he could not even imagine what it could be.  
They were so busy scrambling to get to the plane and get off the ground in apparently record time, that he and Talia didn’t had a chance to discuss anything.  He didn't even have a chance to ask her about her pink jet.
The jet was a medium pink Lear 75 Liberty twin engine that Talia’s mother had given her for Christmas a few years ago.  Clarissa thought that a personal jet would make it easier for her to make impromptu trips, and of course, no gift was too large apparently.  It wasn’t uncommon for her to have reason to fly at a moment’s notice, as indicated by the present situation.  Representing so many clients from around the globe, meant that incidents could happen, meetings could come up, and systems at private residences or at the United Nations in Geneva could need attention.  She was a vital part of the security of many important people in several different countries as well as all over the United States, in addition to being the head of security for the U.N.  It was amazing to Cameron that she could keep all of her clients in check, and do it with such grace.  
Tyrell acted as her personal pilot.  He had been an F-15 Eagle pilot in the Persian Gulf while in the military.  Since then, he had worked for Clarissa directly for years and most recently, he came to work for Talia as her chauffer, personal assistant, bodyguard, and pilot at her mother's behest.  He still took the occasional trip to the Pentagon to consult on upgrades and contracts for new fighters, and he still took the occasional test flight in new planes.  He was both Talia and her mother's most trusted security personnel. 
Cameron realized quickly why Tyrell had no worries about being fired.  Talia would be lost if she ever fired him or Michael, the Yin to his Yang.  They were with her, whenever she needed them, 24 hours a day.  They had no issue with doing exactly what she needed them to when she needed them to.  She would also have to answer to her mother if she ever fired Tyrell, and he was quickly realizing that she would never allow that to happen.  It was apparent that the last thing on Earth she wanted was to deal with her mother.
Talia joined Cameron in the passenger compartment about half an hour after the Lear jet left the ground.  “Sorry to leave you back here alone.  I sometimes help Tyrell and Michael run through the take off checklist before I take a seat for the flight.  I’m sure you have a lot of questions.  I'm sorry I haven't been available to answer any of them.”  
He felt a little punchy with all of the cloak and dagger activities that he was fearful were specifically designed to make him uncomfortable.  Or, he was chronically paranoid and a bit tired.  “Of course I have a lot of questions.  Who wouldn't have questions about all of this?”
“I told you that you would wish you’d never met me.  I’ve told you from the beginning of this whole situation, that you had no idea what you were getting into by messing in my life.  I warned you all day and I warned you before we left New York.  You were the one who wouldn’t let go.  You’re like a dog with a bone.  That's not my fault.”
She was right.  She told him at least a dozen times that he didn’t want to get involved in her life.  Instead of being put off, however, he was intrigued.  
“You’re right, you warned me," he replied.  "But, since you’ve let me tag along this far, why don’t you just explain what the hell is going on?  I'm not scared.  I can handle it.  I'm tougher than you think.”
“Remember, you asked for it," she said.  "First however, I have to be absolutely sure that this won’t end up on some tabloid site or episode of TMZ.  Can you promise me that?”  
She looked him straight in the eye.  She wanted to trust him, but she didn’t feel that she could.  She knew that it was her personal insecurities, and that she had no real reason not to trust him, but she didn't care.
“Of course it won’t.  I already told you that I hung up on Melissa Cooper today.  She's as much of a control freak as you are, so she won’t give me a second chance to work for her.  She’s not the stoic type either.  I picture her having a hit man in her contacts.  So, even if I wanted to sell the information, I have no means at this time.  I wouldn’t tell anyone anyway as far as I know.  Remember, I have no idea what we're talking about.  It's hard for me to say what I will do when I hear information, before I hear the information.  But, I can keep your secrets.  I have no contacts, and I really don't have a lot of friends.  I'm kind of a loner.  Is any of this helping?”
She watched his face for a moment.  “Fine, but remember, there are people who work for me only to protect my privacy.  They will attack you, using whatever means necessary, physical or otherwise, if you even think of  revealing any part of this.  Also, any tabloid would forgive you one rash hang up in order to run a story about my crazy international family.  They would pay a fortune for something concrete about my mother alone.”
“Send the CIA assassins out after me.  I don’t care," he said.  "I’m not going to tell your precious secrets.  Here's an idea.  Tell me what the hell is going on.  You act like it's life or death or treason or espionage.  How bad could it be?  And, what do you mean, international family?”
Talia got up and went to the other side of the passenger compartment.  She opened a small bar and took out two bottles of Guinness.  She opened the bottles with a bottle opener that she took off the side of the refrigerator, handed one to Cameron, took the other and returned to her chair.  She took a sip of the Guinness.  Being a fan of stout beers, Cameron was impressed at her taste, although he thought she was a wino.  Just one more mystery about her to unravel.  She observed him for a moment.  He could tell she was thinking, but not about what.
“Family.  You know that I’m on the inside track to Russian affairs,” she said.
“Yes,” he replied.  
“I haven’t told this to anyone in a long time.  I don’t like to talk about it at all.  It’s very painful for me.”
“I understand, but I can’t help you with any of it, comfort you, or even follow the bread crumbs of information, if I don’t know what is happening.  I would like to be of some use to you in a time of apparent need.  For that I need understanding of the situation.”
She took a long drink of her beer and a deep breath after.  “When I was in college, I did some intern work at the United Nations.  I'm gifted in foreign languages, so they put me to work as a translator for primarily Slavic speaking ambassadors.  Eduard Sokolovsky was the Russian Ambassador to the United Nations at that time.”
“That’s how you met?  That was some time ago.”
“It's been the better part of 20 years since we first met. He liked me and my work.  We spent a lot of time together, because I was an excellent translator.  His words, not mine.  I was young and having the time of my life.  My mom left me feeling underappreciated, by no fault of her own, and the accolades that were showered on me for my talent at linguistics made me feel like a princess.  I can't remember a time when I was more excited to go to work.  But, I digress.
"His son, Dmitri, came to visit one day.  It was in the spring.  March 20th.  I still remember everything about that day.”  She felt as though she was going to cry.
“Dmitri?”
“Yes.”  A look of longing encroached her face.  “It was love at first sight.  We were married less than six months later.”
Cameron nearly choked in his Guinness.  “Eduard Sokolovsky, the newly elected President of Russia, is your father in law?  Good, God, then that makes his only granddaughter, Anya…”
“My daughter.  I lived in Russia for years.  Dmitri was an agent of the Detective Administration.  He couldn’t leave Russia to move to America, so I moved there.  Anya was born less than a year after we moved to Russia.  She was the cutest little baby I'd ever seen.  She's the most important thing in the world to me,” she sniffed, trying not to cry.
“Of course.  Wow.  Now, what’s the Detective Administration?” he asked.  "That's only my first question about all of this, mind you."  
“It’s part of the secret police in Russia.  It’s similar to the CIA.  They work in espionage, terrorism, all kinds of spy stuff.”
"But, you work for the United Nations," he said.
"There are things that most people don't know about me," she went on.  "If the United Nations officially found out about my past, I would be ruined.  Very few of the representatives and none of their staffers know."
"Why would it ruin you?" he asked.  "I would think that it would just add to your amazing list of powerful contacts."
"Maybe if I'd married a British Royal, but Russia?" she stammered.  "Russia is always a problem in the United States.  I used to dream that there would be peace and unity, but the reality is that the two shall never be close, and will always mistrust each other, and compete with each other, and for lack of a better term, vie for world domination against one another."
"I see your point," he said.
"Now, my father in law is President," she sighed.  "I have to talk to him and see what the hell is going on."
Cameron gaped at her in silence.  He didn’t know what to think about what she was saying.  It was in no way what he expected her to tell him.  He carefully considered what he should say.  He had read about the woman and the books that she authored, and thought that he knew some facts about her, but this negated nearly everything he read.  A Russian daughter?  A father in law ruling Russia?  So many layers.  So many surprises.  Talia Anderson could easily be the most interesting woman in the world.  He couldn't wait to hear more.

The Terrorist's Game
Part XIII
"I don't regret what I've done but some of the things I didn't do."
-Carol Kane

Talia saw the look she’d seen before.  Michael looked at her that way when she told him about her past with Dmitri.  She felt immediately vulnerable as she began to tell her story, which was why she tried never to do so.  People were understandably shocked when the "ice princess" opened up with some of the most shocking information that they'd ever heard.  
“I’m sorry, I don’t mean to shock you,” she said.  "My life tends to put people off.  Way off.  I don't blame them."  
“It’s okay," he replied.   "It makes some sense now.  I knew there had to be a good reason for all the secrecy and your personal trust issues.  This explains it all.”
“Thanks for understanding.  I realize it's a lot to take in, and I've barely begun.  When you’ve heard enough, let me know.  I will understand if you don't want to get any more involved.”
“I need to know.  I need to understand.  It's important to me.  I don’t know enough to clear up my confusion, so please go on.  How did you end up working with the United Nations and living in New York, yet your daughter lives in Russia?  Are you divorced?  Does your daughter live with your husband or your father in law?”
“All valid questions.”  She paused to gather her thoughts.  “Dmitri worked with the counter terrorism unit of the Detective Administration in Moscow.  That was where I learned about terrorism.  Dmitri taught me everything that I knew at that time.  I was fascinated with the subject, and I continued to study it.  
"Security was something that I fell into with the help of an old family friend of my mom's, and because I had a good group of people on my staff for the business once I relocated to New York.  Some of my programmers are people I knew in Russia.  They keep my secrets, but that's expected in my business.  They eventually passed the debriefing of the United Nations and were allowed to work both as programmers for the security business and as employees of mine for whatever work had to be done for the U.N.
"My passion was terrorism or the modern day separatists.  My husband taught me quite a bit about how they think, weapons of choice, hierarchy and operations.  One time, he showed me a map that he designed of all the locations of terrorist cells and training camps around the world.  It was impressive.  It covered every inch of the globe and it was cordoned off into sections.  I never understood it, but it was thorough and he treasured it for some reason.  The things that I learned from him; that  knowledge has given me a decisive edge in analysis over the years.  Dmitri’s tutelage made me the leading authority in the field currently known as Separatist Groups and Agendas.”
“That's incredible,” Cameron said.  "He had a map?"
"Yes, why?"
"I've been interested in the topic and read many things, but I never heard of a tactical map."
"That's hardly the point of the story," she snapped, becoming defensive.  "I thought you wanted to hear about my past."
"You're right.  I was being a guy.  I'm sorry.  I just love maps.  Go on."	
“After years of living in Moscow, being the good wife and waiting for him to come back from the field and whatever job he was doing at the time; one day he didn’t come home.  No word, nothing.”  She stopped and wiped a tear from her cheek.  “We wondered what had happened.  He always returned, and if he was going to be later than we discussed, he called, or texted, or emailed, or something.  Eduard and I waited for days with no word, and finally we got an official visit from the Administration.  Dmitri was killed in a helicopter crash while working on an active separatist case in Lviv, Ukraine.  I didn’t know where that was at the time.  I’ve never been there, and I know very little about Dmitri’s death.  It was all classified top secret in Russia, so I didn’t even know that was where he was working at the time of his death until the official notification arrived.  It was a horrible shock, and because I was American, they wouldn't allow me any real information.  Even Eduard was out of the loop at that point, because of me.  Anya was only nine years old when it happened.  I didn’t know what to do.  I was Dmitri’s American wife for years.  That was my role, with no outside career or job.  My family was my entire life. Suddenly, it was all gone.  My whole life was gone in an instant.”
“Wow,” he said.  “How did you and your daughter become separated?  Were you deported from the country?”
“Of course not.  Eduard asked me to stay.  He didn’t wish to break up what was left of the family.  His wife is deceased too, leaving Anya and I his only family.  It was the damn separatists who screwed it all up.  They took credit for killing Dmitri.  Soon after, that asshole, Percival, threatened to kill Eduard and Anya, if I didn’t leave the country forever.  We discussed it, but decided we had no alternative.  The Alder Nation had a history of following through on threats.  The only thing that they ever seemed indecisive about was their name.  Whether they were the Alder Nation or the Northern Taliban, they seemed dangerous and serious.  After much deliberation between Eduard and I, Anya and I prepared to leave the country.”
“But, she’s still there.”  
"Very perceptive," Talia quipped.  “At the last minute, we received another message saying that Anya was to stay behind with Eduard.  I was required to leave the country, and was never to return.  We couldn’t find any way around it, because we couldn’t find out who and where they were.  If we couldn't locate them, we couldn't end the threat.  The Alder Nation won.  I did what they demanded to protect what was left of my family.  They already killed my husband.  I couldn’t bear the thought of losing Anya, much less being the cause.”
“That’s why you don’t go to Russia,” Cameron said.
“Exactly.  Since that time, those Alder Nation assholes have been running my family’s lives.  They zeroed in on Eduard, and they run his entire life.  Every time they contact him and tell him to do something, they threaten my daughter, and he caves.  I can’t blame him.    I’m surprised that they never stopped us from meeting in other countries.  It’s always seemed odd to me that they haven’t ended the meetings.  I've labored tirelessly with experts from around the world to find the location of the group to no avail.”
"What about Lviv?"
"After the incident with Dmitri, there was no further evidence of activity in Ukraine according to the Detective Administration.  I spent a lot of time trying to investigate things on my end without tipping off the Alder Nation, but the trail went dead according to all of my contacts in agencies around the world."
"What does all of this have to do with Eduard becoming President?" Cameron asked.  "Did the Alder Nation force him to run for office?  Was it all of the offices he's held or just President?”
“The Alder Nation has controlled his every professional move since Dmitri's death.  Eduard has moved up through the ranks to this point, following orders every step of the way.  Public office is different in Russia.  Elections aren't the transparent entity that we would like to believe.  Most offices are more of an appointment than truly elected.  That was carved in stone a long time ago.  That's why the Alder Nation has an opportunity to guide Eduard's status.  They hold the welfare of me and Anya over him to force him to continue to move up in his career.  I worry, because it makes me wonder what they’re next move will be.  They have methodically guided him to the top.  They’ve never wielded this much power with one of their victims.  I worry about what they’re going to try and make him do.  By proxy, the Alder Nation will be running Russia.  It's a dangerous business and my daughter will be living in the middle of whatever they have planned for the country.  That’s why I want to talk to Eduard.”
“What have they said about your work?” he asked.  "Do they ever threaten you directly?"  
“That’s why I'm not allowed to enter Russia.  They follow my work, and they know of my professional connections.  Eduard tells me that they monitor my every move somehow.  I’m sure I make them nervous, because I am the one person who might be able to track them down, even though I've been unsuccessful so far.  They try to make it sound as though they don’t care about me, but they don’t want me anywhere near Mother Russia.  I tried to go to Lviv and look around on my own one time, but another threat came, and I never thought about that again.  I still think that town has something to do with all of it.  I just have no way to get proof.”
“I wouldn’t want you prowling around my back yard either if I was a terrorist.  I've read your books.  You are a force in international intelligence and security.”
“Exactly.  I’ve vowed for years that someday I’ll get that asshole, Percival, and kill him myself," she announced.  "I owe him for separating me from my daughter for half her life.”
“Remind me not to piss you off.  What about the map?  That should have clues.  Can you remember anything about it?"
"I remember the map fairly clearly," she said.  "It was oddly drawn and color coded.  From what I could tell, there were seven different areas, or regions throughout the world, and they each claimed control of different areas.  I'm not sure what it meant."
"That sounds odd.  What could that mean?" he asked.
He knew that the map had to be a key.  Maps were always a key whether it be for fishing, hunting treasure or separatists contemplating world domination.  A color coded map.  Seven areas.  What on Earth could it mean, and what happened to that map?
"It looked ridiculous to be honest.  I never gave it much thought," she said.  "Do you really think that some homemade map is significant?  It looked like he copied the board from a game of Risk."
"You're right," he replied.  "I'm a novice at this.  You have years of experience.  Maps always get me excited.  I used to go Geocaching."
"He is such a geek," she thought.
“How long ago did your husband die?” he asked.
“A long time."
"How long is a long time?"
"I don't know.  Years.  Six or seven.  Six years, three months and 17 days, but I quit counting for the most part several years ago."
"I see," he replied, cautiously so as not to make her shut down.
"Shocking isn’t it?  Most people don’t know I was ever married.  Tyrell lived through it with me, since I was a teenager.  My mother kept my marriage quiet in the press, for which I was grateful.  Since that day, I haven't so much as gone out on a date until tonight.”  She smiled at him.  “Don’t let it go to your head though.  It’s not nearly as significant as you might think.”
"Damn," he muttered.
The rest of the flight was quiet.  Talia had a snack and then went to the cockpit to relieve Michael as copilot for a while.  Cameron stared out the window into the night, thinking about his evening.  He had met Talia Anderson, and she was amazing.  It was black outside the plane that his dinner date was now piloting with her bodyguard.  She was full of surprises.  All he could see in the darkness was the light at the end of the wing, which glowed pink, reflecting the pink wing it was attached to.
He was on a Lear jet en route to meet the Russian President Elect, who was also Talia’s father in law.  Irregardless of how he got there, he was right in the middle of an international incident, and there was no turning back.  He was high above the Atlantic Ocean on his way to the tiny island country of Iceland.  This was far more than the adventure he was originally looking for.  This was not what he had planned when he first set out to meet her.  This was so much more than he'd ever anticipated.

The Terrorist's Game
Part XIV
"I don't know that anyone comes from a truly functional family."
-Andie MacDowell

When Talia fell asleep, she regularly found her psyche in an Eastern European city that she couldn’t quite identify.  There were crowds of people, animals, and all kinds of noise and music.  It was always the same from the town square to her showdown with Dmitri, but this time there was something different about the dream.  When she looked over her shoulder at the carnival, she recognized the person who had been calling to her for years every night in her subconscious.  It was Cameron Walker.
Cameron had just nodded off when he heard her scream.  He was so shaken; he fell out of his bed onto the floor.  He ran to her room and found her sitting straight up in bed.  Before she was fully conscious, she burst into tears.  She shook violently and sobbed uncontrollably into her hands.  He put his arms around her, and she collapsed on him like a rag doll that had been discarded onto the floor.
Talia hadn’t felt a man’s arms around her when she awakened since she was last with Dmitri.  Her semi-conscious state caused her to hallucinate.  
“Oh Dmitri, I had the most horrible dream!  Thank God you’re here!  Don’t ever leave me again.”
Cameron didn’t know what to say.  “It’s time to wake up now.”  
She looked at him, realized who he was, and jumped up and away from him.  She stood in front of him, glaring at him.  
“What the hell were you doing?” she asked.  "Who the hell to you think you are?  Do you have no shame?  I should punch you dead in the face!"
“You woke up screaming," he said, ducking as a knee jerk reaction.  "I wanted to help.  I would never hurt you, and I didn’t mean to upset you.”
She sat down in the nearest available chair and stared at him for a moment.  She was starting to fully wake and beginning to feel extremely self conscious of her behavior.  “I was screaming?”  
“Yes.  You woke me up and scared the hell out of me," he replied.  "I've never heard anything like it.  What on Earth is it that makes you scream like that?  It’s creepy, and it makes me worry about you.”
“I had a bad dream.”    
“I’ll say.  What could you possibly be dreaming about that would make you scream bloody murder?” he asked.  "I've never heard a woman scream like that, and I live in the land of Bigfoot sightings."
“Never mind,” she snapped.  "You're making fun of me.  It's not funny."  
“No, I'm not," he insisted.  "Sorry, bad comparison.  But seriously? Never mind?  That’s all you have to say?  Maybe I can help or at least understand why you’re going to wake me every night while we’re running around together.  It's a blood curdling scream like you're in extreme pain, and it's disturbing.  I think you need help, and I want to help.  I'm not a psychologist, but I'm willing to try and help you stop having that dream.”
She had never told anyone about her dreams except for one psychologist that she saw briefly, years before.  The psychologist told her that she was feeling betrayed because her husband died, and that she was feeling lost and guilty about something.  She had accepted the theory at first, because she had felt guilty about leaving Anya in Russia, but she had never felt that Dmitri had betrayed her by dying.  The concept sounded absurd and as time went on, she couldn't agree with it.  After a few sessions, she decided to abandon the therapy process, because she didn’t think that the psychologist was going in the right direction.
Talia sat and stared out the window of the apartment at Vatnsstígur along the waterfront not far from Harpa Concert Hall in downtown Reykjavik.  The lush modern apartment was not typical of Talia's tastes.  There was no pink involved.  The floors were hardwood.  The windows were floor to ceiling, but the walls were merely drywall painted in light neutral colors.  The decor was minimalist with only the occasional single piece of art on the walls.  No shelves, no photos, nothing personal.  Most of the furniture looked as though it hopped right out of an IKEA catalogue and ranged from honey to dark wood colors.  
The main feature of the Vatnsstígur apartment was the view.  The harbor laid out in front of the building with only the downtown section of the Ring Road separating the mostly glass high rise from the water.  To the left, the old harbor and Harpa, to the right, the newer part of the harbor.  The view of the water was spectacular from the 14th floor of the building.  During the summer, it was one of the best places in town to watch the sun set in the middle of the night.  Watching those sunsets was one of Talia's favorite hobbies when in Reykjavik, Iceland.
She stared out the windows for a moment.  The calming view helped her gather her thought, and she was trying to decide what to say.  She had no idea what her dream meant, and wasn't sure that it meant anything.  Irregardless, she wanted to be very careful what she said and how she said it.  She felt that her dream was insane, and didn't want to make Cameron think she was insane, if he didn't think that already.
“I can’t tell you,” she groaned.  “You’ll think I’m insane.  Maybe I am insane.  I feel insane.  My dream is insane, that's for sure.”
He didn’t want to upset her.  “I doubt that you're insane, but I can’t force you.  I just thought that sharing could help.  Typically speaking, talking is the first step to dealing with issues.  I learned that from a show I saw about Carl Jung on the Discovery Channel.  They have great shows.”
“There’s nothing to deal with,” she snapped.  “Fine.  I have the dream a lot.  Anya watches me leave with a devastated look on her face.  That part I know is guilt.  I hate myself for leaving her.  Eduard is an amazing person, but I should have raised her.  She’s my daughter.  I feel guilty as hell about that.  I mean, what mother wouldn't?”
“Is that the part that makes you scream?”	
“No.  That part is realistic.  It’s the crazy part that makes me scream.  This is going to sound stupid.  I have a dream that I’m walking across some old town square. In Eastern Europe I think.  I’ve never been there, and thanks to Percival, I haven't ever been able to go and figure it out.  The town may not even exist for all I know.  I mean, I've never been there.  I haven't seen anything on YouTube or anything about it over the years, but then again, I've not known what town to look up.  
"Anyway, there’s a carnival I think; it's crowded.  I walk through the square and the crowd to a black stone house with carvings above the door and windows.  It’s part of an old row of houses; centuries old, but only one is black.  The others are yellow and grey and colors like that.  Once again, I looked all over the internet, but nothing.  Of all the things I've found on the internet, you would think that if this place existed, I would find it on the web.  But no.
"I digress, sorry.  Next, I walk to the house reach for the door, and I turn the doorknob to enter.  Next, I’m waiting in an office and Dmitri comes in.  I’m angry, we have a fight, he turns into a giant red serpent, I pull out a gun and I shoot him.  That's it.”  
She waited, but Cameron said nothing.  “A psychologist said that I probably have some anger at Dmitri for dying.  I have no idea what the dream means, but I think that the psychologist I spoke with was nuts.  Probably a little too much Freud and not enough real life experience.”  
He didn’t know what to think and wasn’t sure how to respond.  “What you're telling me is that you wake up screaming because you shoot him?  Is that where the dream ends?  With a gunshot?”  
“I suppose that’s what does it.  That would upset most people, wouldn't it?  I’m really not sure.  It’s a dream, and I’m unconscious and have no control over it.”  She was worried that he was going to decide she was insane and leave immediately.  She wanted him around.  “I’ve been having that dream for years.  Regularly since I left Anya in Moscow.  It’s awful, and it’s always the same.  Until now.  This time there was something different.”
“What?”  
“I always stop in the middle of the crowd in the square and look back over my shoulder, because someone calls me.  Tonight was the first time I ever saw who it was.”
“Who was it?”
She looked at him, puzzled.  "It was you."
"That can't be, we've just met," he replied.  "It must have been something that manifested, because I entered your life.  Maybe I'm just stuck in your head."
"Don't be ridiculous," she scoffed.  "This is not some stupid school girl syndrome because I met you.  This is not about you, clear?"
Cameron put his hands up in the air, to signify that he was backing off.  "Crystal.  So why would I be in your dream?"
Talia had long been aware that she had never been to the black stone house in her dream, or the city square in which it was located.  She lived for years in Russia and traveled to many cities in Eastern Europe while she was married to Dmitri.  It was none of those cities that she dreamed of.  She had tried for years to place the house of which she dreamed to no avail.  The house and its location was a mystery that she had so far been unable to solve.
"I don't know.  I've never been to the city or the house that I dream of either," she said.  "No matter how hard I look, I haven't found anything.  It might all be in my head."
"What does that mean?" he asked.  "Are you psychic?  Is it a sign?  Is it a premonition?"
She got up, walked to a cabinet and took out a bottle of vodka.  She put ice in two glasses and poured a generous helping of the vodka into each.  She returned and handed one of the glasses to Cameron and took a large sip of her own drink.
"That means, I don't have time to worry about my dreams.  My reality is bizarre enough," she said.  
"Are you sure?" he asked.
"Positive," she replied.  "I've spent enough of my time trying to figure out why I dream about that town, or if it exists.  It's like chasing rainbows."
"I can't help but think it's a sign."
"There are signs everywhere.  So the saying goes."
"What if it's an important sign?"
"Maybe it is.  Maybe, it's a sign that I need to quit worrying about stupid dreams and concentrate on what to do about my father in law running Russia for a separatist group based on King Arthur.  And, if that doesn't strike you as ironically outrageous, then I don't know what would."
She stood, walked to the window and stared out at the harbor.
He decided that, as much as he would like to try and analyze the significance of the dream, she had a point.  "Why do you stare out the window at the harbor.  What are you looking for?  It's not like you'll see him standing in the harbor, waiting for you to come and get him."
"I don't know," she sighed as she took another drink of her vodka.  She turned to look at him.  "Answers."  She turned back to the window.  "Always answers.  It's all I want, besides my life back."  She tipped her glass in a toast to the window.  "Here's to the land of the Vikings.  Maybe Thor will drop out of those clouds and bring me an answer."

The Terrorist's Game
Part XV
"We care for each other and care about our family, and we are both working towards the same goal."
-Angelina Jolie

Cameron had spent most of his life living and working in the Pacific Northwest in and around Seattle, Washington.  He spent a lot of time in laboratories developing programming, mostly for security issues.  He liked the colorful and inventive Google Campus where he worked, but most of his friendships and business relationships had been largely online.  Instead of spending his time with his contemporaries around campus, he hung out in his lab with his best friends, the computers.  Since the Covid-19 Pandemic, he had been more isolated than ever before, working from home most of the time, only enjoying the view of Puget Sound from his apartment windows.
Manhattan had been culture shock in that it was crowded, busy, tall with skyscrapers, and expensive.  He was overwhelmed a lot of the time while he was there by the constant traffic, altercations between the locals on the streets, and the never ending noise and lights.  New York truly never slept, and it was an overload to the senses of a man who had lived most of his life remotely.  
Now, hardly days later, Reykjavik was another culture shock and was completely alien to him.  The long drive from the airport in Keflavik passed fields of black sand and basalt from volcanic eruptions of long ago.  But Iceland was known for its fire and ice and there were active volcanoes as well as glaciers around the country.  The anomalies made the country popular with tourists, not to mention The Blue Lagoon; natural hot springs and spa that they'd passed on the way from the airport as well.
He looked out the floor to ceiling glass of the Vatnstiggur apartment in total amazement at the terrain of the amazing tiny island nation at the top of the world.  Iceland was a big rock protruding from the North Atlantic at the end of the Gulf Stream.  There were no trees in sight.  From what he saw on the way to Vatnstiggur, the houses were primarily constructed of corrugated metal.  He thought that maybe it was not a style, but a necessity due to a nearly complete lack of wood.  The houses were generally painted in bright colors like red, orange, yellow, blue, and green.  Driving down the street was like passing a rainbow.
Larger office buildings were primarily concrete or metal and glass and Nordically modern.  Some were built over lakes like the government offices close to the city park.  The park, itself sported some trees that had defied the odds and grown slowly over the years, and would  hopefully create real shade in the city someday.
Cameron sat by the window in the living room.  He gazed out over the harbor with some of the city in his peripheral vision, and was surprised at how busy it was.  High rises, such as Vatnstiggur were a new thing in the city; only dating back a decade or two.  Historically, the tallest building in the city had been Hallgrimskirkja; the Lutheran Church Cathedral, which still stood slightly taller than the newer buildings per an ordinance in the city.  He saw the cathedral on the long drive in from the airport that Iceland shared with the American military. 
He hadn’t slept on the flight, despite all the blackness while over the Atlantic, and he knew that he should be exhausted, but he wasn’t tired.  He was too wired from the adventure to consider sleeping.  Reykjavik was a place that he never considered traveling to and to him, it was a thrilling adventure to visit the city.  It was where most of the quarter of a million people or so who lived in the frozen country lived, but it seemed as though they had landed on a whole other planet.
He dreamed of vacationing in the Bahamas like most people, or in his case Hawaii may have been closer to home.  Looking out at a horizon that bordered on the Arctic Circle was not something he ever imagined seeing, yet it was right before his eyes.  The view made him rethink his personal bucket list for travel.  
What was next?  What was President Elect of Russia, Eduard Sokolovsky like?  Would he get to meet Talia's daughter, Anya? What was the rest of Iceland like?  Were there trees anywhere?  Was there a live volcano nearby?  Did the locals speak English? Was there a McDonald's?  So many questions to yet be answered. 
Then there were the questions pertaining to Talia.  Why had she continued to play along with the separatist demands?  Surely she could have found a solution with the contacts that she had around the world.  Did she truly live in fear of the Alder Nation?  It seemed odd that she would be fearful of them, when she didn't seem to fear anything else in the world.  Had she really denied herself any relationships with men since the death of her husband?  Was her love that strong for Dmitri?  Cameron wondered if she truly saw him differently from any other man on Earth?  He felt fortunate and special to say the least, but was concerned that it could change at any moment.  He had no doubt that he was not the first priority on her list.
He watched the city turn from day to night and saw all the bright lights of the buildings and roads come to life.  Reykjavik was a bustling city in one of the least populated countries on Earth, and at the city's edge it abruptly changed into barren land.  He could see the edge of the city from the apartment; the physical line where the lights turned to black.  He had never seen anything quite like the black that lay beyond the city limits.  There was nothing outside the city, from what he was told, but tundra and some sheep.  The terrain went from metropolitan to outback in a hot minute.  Iceland was a one of a kind place.
Talia joined him in the living room.  She had changed clothes to something spectacular, but not pink.  She wore a lace wrap dress over a pair of sirval pants; all black.  At least it wasn’t pink.  
“You look nice, or should I not notice things like that?  I’m trying not to offend you,” Cameron said.  
“Thanks.  I try to look presentable whenever I’m visiting with my family.  I’d love to spend time with them more often.  I miss them.”
"The Alder Nation determines whether or not you can visit with your family?  That's insane, and frankly a bit paranoid on their part."
"I hope that someday I can change that, but I haven't found a solution thus far.  Maybe this will be the time that I finally get my family back."
“I hope so," he replied.  "Did you want me to go with you, or would you like me to wait here?  I’ll do whatever you wish.”  
She smiled at him.  She had gotten the impression that Cameron was rude in the beginning of their odd relationship.  He appeared to have discovered his moral compass upon their arrival in Reykjavik.  She didn’t know what to think.  Offering to do whatever she wished him to do was, by far, the most considerate thing he had said to her since they met.  
“Do you want to meet them?” she asked.
“I would love to meet them.”
“I’ve been a little hard on you.  You can come.  I want them to meet you.  They might like you.  I can’t promise, but they might.”
“I can only hope.  I would understand if you want some time alone with them.  You don’t get to see your daughter often.”
There was a knock at the door.  Cameron answered it to find Tyrell on the other side.  
“I have something to tell you,” Tyrell said to Talia.  
“What is it?” she asked.  
“Anya isn’t with Eduard,” he said.  She turned away.  “It isn’t his choice, as you can imagine.  Percival forbade Eduard from bringing her.  He didn’t give a reason why.  Not that it surprised anyone.”
“Bastard.  Sometimes it seems personal,” she told Cameron.  “What is the point?  Why shouldn't I see my daughter?  I will never understand what any of my family relations have to do with Percival.  Is there nothing that he doesn't want to control every microbe of?  We've done everything that the Alder Nation has ordered us to.  All this accomplishes is to hurt me.”
“Why would he want to punish you?” Cameron asked.  “That makes no sense.  It must be business.  Business is what a terrorist focuses on.”
"I see that reading my books has made you an expert on separatists.  But, yes, indeed.  What business would include me not seeing my daughter?"
"I can't read minds, but it makes no sense that it's personal.  Terrorists don't allow anything personal to get in the way of their agenda."
“I know,” she agreed.  “But, it's as though it is personal.  It’s as though he wants to anger me.  I can’t explain it.  Percival continually forces my family to do things that have no bearing on any separatist cause.  It feels as though he's trying to distract me.  From what I have no idea.”
“That does seem odd.  What would he have to gain by not allowing you to visit with your daughter?  How would that be a distraction?  It doesn’t make any sense.  How could he know you're here in Iceland?  Can he track you?”
“Not that I know of.  He knows where we meet.  He also knows where we go on our mutual vacations.  He knows everything about us.  I've always operated under the assumption that he looked up the properties.  We own the properties where we stay when we visit in most locations.  He could find that online easily."  
"How many locations do you vacation together in?" he asked.
"We have apartments, condos, or villas in five countries, not including the United States or Russia."
"Then, how would he know which property you were at?"
"I don't know.  The Alder Nation has a broad reach.  They have contacts all over the world, and from what I've seen, he receives good information.  Percival has made it clear that he knows every detail of our lives.  That's why I fear him.  What I need to know is why us?  Why are the Sokolovskys the focus of his activities?  Why do they haunt us so?  I’ve never been able to determine that one guiding factor.”
“I’ve always said that you must know that son of a bitch,” Tyrell commented.  “I’ve always been afraid that some night, after I left you and went home, that he would send someone to snatch you away.”  He looked at Cameron.  "This has always seemed personal to me.  Every demand from that group, every call.  Percival and his people are hyper focused on everything these people do.  It's the most disturbing behavior I've ever seen in a terrorist group.  I worry that some night those people will kidnap her right out of her bed."
“That’s ridiculous,” Talia scoffed.  “What purpose would that serve?”
"Money," he said.
"Ransom?" she scoffed.
“You might be surprised.  Money is always a motive," Cameron suggested.  "Maybe it has to do with your daughter.  Maybe he's trying to keep you off balance so you won't even realize that he's making sure she’ll be alone while everyone else is out of town.”
“That’s stupid,” Talia snapped.  “Anya has all kinds of security guarding her.  None of the security officers that I put in place would ever allow anything to happen to my daughter.”
"If he knows everything, then he may know everything about her security," Tyrell offered.  “Maybe he wants to get to the girl.” 
“Why would he suddenly do something to her?  He’s had every opportunity over the years.  She’s always been carefully watched by security, because of the threats from the Alder Nation.  Why would he suddenly think that he should kidnap her?  Why would he suddenly decide to try?  What's changed?”
“Her grandfather was never President before,” Tyrell noted.
Talia’s eyes grew wide.  "But, they ordered Eduard to run for President.  They wanted him there."
"Exactly.  Now he is there.  They need a guarantee that he'll do what they tell him to," Cameron said.
"I need to talk to Eduard. Now," she demanded.  "I should have gone to Russia."

The Terrorist's Game
Part XVI
"I'm not a passive person by any stretch of the imagination."
-Courteney Cox

Eduard Sokolovsky sat in the living room of his apartment at Vatnstiggur, waiting to talk with Talia.  His relationship with his daughter in law was complicated.  They had disagreed for many years about how to handle the threats and instructions put forth by the Alder Nation and the demon, Percival.  He allowed himself be used for years by the separatists, and she believed the entire time that they should fight.  He felt foolish letting the Alder Nation run his life, however, that was the accepted rule around the world for the last several years.  He hated feeling that the only daughter he had ever known saw him as weak.  
Eduard had liked Talia immediately when he met her at the U.N. so many years ago.  He was delighted that his son married her.  She had been the daughter he had never had, and his deceased wife had always longed for.  Anya's birth was a gift of such enormity that he never imagined he deserved, but it had made him forever grateful.  His only granddaughter helped him live through several monumentally challenging times in his personal and professional life.  He loved her, and she gave his life purpose.  That was a life saving gift after his only son was killed while on assignment.
Eduard’s life wasn't all power and glory.  He was born on a communal farm outside of Sklyn, not far from Luc’k in western Ukraine.  His ancestors had lived in many places throughout the years in what was currently known as Ukraine, but had been many countries over the decades and centuries of its history.  His parents moved to Moscow when he was a baby.  He learned to speak Muscovite Russian, as well as the Ukrainian dialect that his parents spoke.  While at University, he was groomed for politics.  He served in the military, where he formally filed for Russian citizenship.  He went from nationally required service into intelligence with the FSB, and later became an ambassador to the United Nations.  That was where he met Talia Anderson.
Eduard’s success in politics was the balance to the disasters in his personal life.  He married just after joining the Navy.  His wife, Anya (who his granddaughter was named after), was abducted by terrorists. Dmitri was barely eight years old at the time.  Eduard wanted to chase them down and kill them the way that Talia wanted to eliminate Percival, but he was bound by official policy.  As a representative of Russia, he could only follow the policies put forth by the United Nations and Russia.  It was the government way.  Historically, countries didn't tolerate or negotiate with terrorists.  Once the groups became separatists, however, the rules changed.  The groups made puppets out of leaders and in Eduard's opinion fools out of entire government systems.  The Alder Nation enacted their demands, and they set specific time lines for compliance. Eduard waited until he got authorization from his superiors before complying with the group's demands.  Despite all of his efforts, they killed his wife, because he didn't fulfill their demands in the allotted time.  Eduard never saw her again.
Anya’s death caused a rift between Eduard and his only child that was never bridged.  Dmitri blamed him for his mother’s death.  Father didn’t know how to make his eight year old understand, and by the time his son grew older, they were almost completely estranged.  Talia entered the picture when family get togethers were few and far between.  Obligatory meetings were all that kept them in contact during those years.  She was the patch that made things better between father and son if only for a while.
Dmitri was raised primarily by staff following his mother's death until he went away to the Russian Naval Academy.  When he returned home, he took a position with the anti terrorism division of the Detective Administration.  He had flown MiG 29K's while in the military; therefore he had a top secret clearance and viewed as trustworthy as an investigator of terrorism incidents.  Eduard worried about his son's dangerous position, but his success calmed the rocky waters on his side and forced him to accept his son's chosen career.
When Dmitri married Talia, he was the happiest father ever.  It was the best thing that happened to them in years.  His wife would have been so proud of his son's choice of wife.  It was as though all the unpleasantness never transpired, and he and his son had never been estranged.  Once Talia and Dmitri married, they were a real family. Eduard loved his family and believed that they should always be family.  
When the young couple named his granddaughter after his late wife, he felt honored.  The years that he spent with Dmitri, Talia and Anya around him were the happiest years since the death of his wife.  The two argued over political issues which they held decidedly different opinions on, yet he was happy with life during his son's marriage.
Then, with one helicopter crash, that happy life vanished.
A tear slid down his cheek. He snapped back to the present at a knock on his door.  He stood, wiping the tear from his wrinkled face.  He stopped in front of a mirror to check his personally designed suit by Alexandre Plokhov to make sure everything was straight and smooth.  Alexandre had designed the suit for his personal station.  Eduard ran a comb through what was left of his gray streaked hair.  He had to look his best for a visit with his only daughter.  She had taught him about high fashion and he didn't want to disappoint her by looking less than perfect.  He and his daughter in law, were family and not distance nor the death of Dmitri, could ever change that.  
Eduard pulled open the door anxious and smiling.  “Talia!  It has been too long.  I miss my girl.”   
Talia ran into Eduard’s open arms.  She loved him like a father, which she’d never had.  
Clarissa Anderson had only loved one man in her life; Benjamin Wentworth.  She found herself pregnant and widowed before she walked to the altar.  Talia had never seen anything of her father except pictures.  Benji, as her mother called him, was an imposing man who towered over her mother in every photo.  Her mother claimed that he stood six and a half feet tall.  He had broad shoulders, and in all of the photos, he had a shoulder length dark brown haired mullet.  It worked at that time, but no man would be caught dead with a mullet in modern times.  In every picture that she had ever seen of Benji, he wore a t-shirt and jeans or a uniform, and  he always had a mustache, but no beard.  He worked for the CIA as a field agent, and he was killed while on assignment in an undisclosed location one week before their nuptials were scheduled.
Clarissa never dated again.  She told their daughter about her father, but it was difficult for her to discuss.  She was heartbroken when her fiancé died.  She hated to talk about it, because it hurt too much.  It was a wound that never healed.  Talia only finally understood when it happened to her.  The one wound that never healed for Anderson women it seemed, was the sudden loss of a spouse.  The irony being that they both chose the same manly men in similar covert services.  They had a type, and that type risked their lives every time they went to work; and eventually paid for playing the game.
Talia always believed that the death of her father had been the first piece to fall out of the puzzle that eventually crumbled altogether and caused her mother to have a nervous breakdown and become a hermit.  There were the paparazzi and the crowds and the constant pressure of the public, but it was the questions.  Someone inevitably would ask about her daughter's father, and eventually it was too much for her mother to take.  She was raised by staff, such as Tyrell during her mother's time in rehab, and after that life was never the same.
After Clarissa came home, she refused to leave the house, like a modern day Emily Dickinson, lacking poetic grace and white dresses.  As a result of her mother never dating or leaving the house, and Talia’s grandfather also passing away before she was born, she hadn’t had anyone but Tyrell as a father figure in her life until Eduard came along.  She loved him like a father and hated that they couldn't see each other more often.  
She wanted her family back together.  The reason that she kept up with separatism was because she hoped that she could free her family of them someday, and they could continue their lives together.  She had been studying it for years, since before Dmitri was murdered.  Her business was U.N. security, but her personal clients came to her as a consultant, because she was well educated on the topic of international separatist groups.  She continued to study separatists after she was ordered to leave Russia by Percival.  She hadn’t found out how to defeat him yet, but someday, she would.
“Eduard!” Talia exclaimed, as she hugged him with all her might.  “It’s great to see you!  Have you lost more hair?  You never had to worry about losing your hair when I was around.  Why don’t I come home?  I’m sick of living alone in New York.  It’s boorish to say the very least.  I would much rather take over your security than listen to a bunch of U.N. Ambassadors talk down to me.”
Cameron watched from the doorway with Tyrell.  She never ceased to amaze him.  He was growing accustomed to her tough exterior.  Now he saw her acting like a little girl with her daddy.  He would never have believed it if he wasn’t seeing it with his own eyes.  He cleared his throat to get her attention.
She stopped and looked at Cameron and blushed.  “I’m sorry.  Eduard, this is Cameron Walker.  He’s a computer tech that ended up traveling with me. Long story.  Cameron, this is President Elect of all Russia, Eduard Sokolovsky.”
The two shook hands.  Eduard smiled.  “Someone has finally caught my little girl’s attention.  I am surprised.”
“I wouldn't say that.  I would say that I couldn't get away without him tagging along.  He’s stubborn and opinionated and has no idea what he’s gotten into.  Tyrell didn't help.”  
She shot Tyrell a look.  He smiled back at her.  
“Anyway, we’re not a couple," she insisted.  "We’re friends I guess.”
“Well friends, come in and get out of the hallway,” Eduard suggested.  
Tyrell and Cameron stepped inside.  They shook hands with Eduard.  Tyrell flopped down on one end of a plush dark brown leather sofa, while Cameron gingerly sat on the other.  Cameron wasn't sure how to behave.  He'd never been in the same room as a President.
Eduard's apartment was northern rustic and was indicative of both Icelandic and Russian décor.  Icelanders were descended from Vikings, as were Russians and Ukrainians.  They worked hard, played hard, and were fiercely loyal to family and country.  Eduard was much like his ancestors before him.
Talia sat down in a recliner opposite the two men.  Eduard stood by the floor to ceiling windows that overlooked the water.  
"How is everyone feeling?" Eduard asked.  "Is everyone healthy?"
Talia wasn’t in the mood to catch up at the moment, and she certainly had no time for small talk.  She had things on her mind that needed to be discussed before small talk started.  She didn't know how to approach the subject.
"I'm fine," she grumbled.
Eduard knew that tone.  "Talia, dear; please understand."
She couldn't hold her tongue.  “You're right, I don't.  Of all the positions that you could have put yourself in, you did as they said all the way to the Kremlin?  Why?"
"They said they would kill Anya," he replied.  "You know that I will not risk her life.  I waited too long once.  I will never ponder a decision involving my family's lives again.  I can't."
"So, you went ahead and became President?”
"Yes."

The Terrorist's Game
Part XVII
"Let's just say that I have a tendency if I am uncomfortable in a situation to speak my mind."
-Octavia Spencer

“I realize you do not approve, but I decided to accept the position," Eduard said.  "I was the best candidate.  I have experience with The Alder Nation; their maneuvers, their demands.  I am the most experienced man for the job.  I am well aware that an election is simply a gesture and that the President is chosen.  I had to make a decision.  I value your input, but I can make this decision without you.  You know as well as I do, that if this had happened under any other circumstances, you would approve.”
“Of course I would approve if it were under other circumstances," she replied.  "You should not put yourself in such a powerful position under these circumstances, however.  The Alder Nation governs every aspect of your life.  When they tell you to jump, you ask ‘how high?’  Do you actually believe you can break free of that?  They mean to run the whole damn country, using you as a puppet.  Do you want that?  What if they ruin the progress that has been made in modernizing and financially stabilizing Russia?  I don’t see how you can sit back and let them call the shots.  Russia is your adopted country, not the country of your birth, which makes it imperative that you represent the people accurately.  The Alder Nation, using you as a puppet could ruin everything, and could still get you or Anya killed.”
“I believe I can manage the situation.”  
“They already forbade you from bringing her to see me," she snapped.  "You obeyed them.  It’s getting worse, and that will continue.  Not only will they be running our personal lives, they will also be the force behind the government of Russia.  That is their end game of years of persecuting you.  They’ve made you into their personal political voice.  The country will become theirs, not yours; not the people's.  I have remained silent about the connection between you and these people.  I didn’t want any harm to come to you or my daughter, but I think the time has come when we have to take this to the intelligence community.  Something has got to be done to end the influence of this group and its leader.  Something has to happen and now is the time.”
Eduard stared at her for a moment.  “If my unreported compliance with the Alder Nation becomes known, it will be the ruination of my entire career.”  
Talia paused.  She didn’t want to appear as a bitch, but someone had to be practical.  She couldn’t let a separatist group take over the world starting with Russia and her family.  Russia was the largest country in the world.  It would give The Alder Nation far too much power.  She had lost enough to Percival and company, and she wouldn’t lose any more.
“I don’t want that," she scoffed.  "If they blackmail you into doing what they want you to do, it will also inevitably ruin your career.  We’ll say that it started with the election.  No one will know the extent of their threats.  We need to stop this now.  Russia is power.  If we don't stop them, they will end up ruling the world, and you’ll be an accessory to that.”
“What about your safety?” Eduard asked.  “What about Anya’s safety?  Do you want to lose another loved one?  If I had done as I was instructed all those years ago, I would have a son who respects me and my wife.  I am a broken man inside, and to me it does not seem as though fighting The Alder Nation is the right thing to do.”
Talia saw the frightened look on Eduard’s face.  She hated that look.  She knew that he couldn’t stand to lose anyone else.  If anything happened to her or Anya, he would blame himself.  She respected him, but it couldn’t continue.  The Alder Nation had done enough damage, and gained more than enough power.  Their plan appeared to be to continue to push world leaders to their limits until they conquered the globe.  The threats and the terror and the personal attacks.  It was too much.  She couldn’t think about the possibility of the entire world being governed by a separatist group.  It had to stop, and it had to stop with Eduard and Russia.
“You’re in a position where these animals can't hurt you or Anya,” she said.  “You are the President.  You are in charge.  You have the best security in the World.  If you need an upgrade of any kind, I will provide that.  No one can hurt you without going through the very best of the best.  She is in your care, and she has the same security as you.  Now is the time to take them on.  Now is the time for you to take action.  I’ve wanted to take them down for years, but I’ve done nothing out of respect for you.  Give me the word, Eduard.  I’ll find them and put them out of business.”
Eduard worried about her state of mind.  He heard arguments between her and Dmitri throughout their marriage.  The couple hadn’t been happy in his opinion, but when Dmitri was killed, Talia nearly went mad with grief.  In his opinion, she had never recovered.  He could not comfortably approach her about issues, concerned that she would collapse.  His daughter in law had seemed angry at the world, and he believed that it may cloud her judgment about what was best for the family or Mother Russia.  He also knew that Talia Anderson was one of the most knowledgeable people in the world about terrorism and separatists.  She was the expert that every leader around the world consulted.   
Eduard let out a heavy sigh.  “Maybe you are right.  I do not wish to allow these monsters to take over the world.”  
Tyrell, who rarely spoke during visits, commented, “Eduard, I rarely speak my mind, but I think she is right.”  He paused to look at her and continued.  “She has had evidence for years that could possibly stop The Alder Nation.  She didn’t pursue it out of respect for you.  If she followed up on some of the leads, she might be able to find them and bring this to an end.  They seem to be a single group without independent cells.  If they infiltrate the office of the President of Russia, they will effectively be running a major world power.  They could become a force in the global community.  That would be a disaster.  I’d consider giving her the authorization to investigate and bring The Alder Nation to justice.  She has the intelligence community in her contacts, and she has the knowledge to bring this to an end.  She can do what no one else can.  I work with her every day, and I have every confidence in her abilities.  Even The Alder Nation knows that she is a threat.  They expelled her from Russia, because they fear her.”
“Thanks, Tyrell,” she said.
Eduard had never talked to Talia about evidence or information about The Alder Nation.  He avoided discussing anything that might endanger his family, of which she was a part.  
“How do I know that this will not end in disaster?" he asked.  "How do I know that you or Anya will not be killed because of me?”  
Talia smiled at him.  “Percival, their esteemed leader, won’t let me into your country.  That’s how I know.  He’s scared of me, because he knows I'm not stupid.  He’s wary of me, and frankly, of my contacts in the intelligence community.  If he keeps me at a distance, I'm out of his way.  If he can keep me thousands of miles away from my daughter, I’ll be less likely to find him.  He knows that I would never do anything to endanger Anya, and if I can’t be near her, I can’t protect her.  That leaves me with a weak spot.  It’s the ancient divide and conquer mentality.  Unfortunately, it still works.”
“She’s right,” Tyrell said.  “If he didn’t fear her, he wouldn’t use her family's safety against her.  It’s a distraction.  It's his way to thwart her and make it difficult for her to concentrate on destroying him.  If she can't concentrate, she can't solve the puzzle.  If she's thousands of miles away, she can't find clues.”
“What you say makes sense,” Eduard said.  “But what if we cannot protect her?  What if something happens to her?  I cannot think about that.  She is like a daughter to me.”
"He's distracting you as well," Tyrell said.  "You can't think clearly if you're worried about your family.  Terrorists know that.  That's terrorism 101."
“You don’t have to protect me," she said.  "I don’t have to protect Anya in these new parameters.  Don’t you see?  You are the one with the impenetrable security.  I can work, because now they can’t hurt her.  They’ve put you in power to use you, but they’ve put you in a the position to fight back.  They’ve sprung a trap on themselves.”
Cameron listened to the conversation.  He was fascinated with her, and she was brilliant.  She had a cult of personality that could easily influence every leader around the world.  She had him mesmerized in a way that he’d never been before.  In front of him, an American woman was swaying the basic beliefs of the President elect of Russia.  The implications of that moment were staggering.  Fortunately for the world, she was noble and believed in the greater good.  A lesser person could derail history with the influence that she wielded.
Cameron listened intently, as he looked around Eduard's apartment, taking it all in.  Anyone who entered his apartment would know that no woman lived there.  It was a Russo-Nordic man cave with mostly animal antlers and antique weapons as decor.  There were a few pictures on the walls, and one of them caught his attention.
It was an old black and white photo of an ancient building.  The building was stone and as far as he could tell, the stone was black.  It had wooden doors and leaded windows.  It stood in a row of houses as old as it was.  There was something white over the doors and over each window.
"That's the house in Talia's dream," he thought.  "How can that be?"
He shook his head to refocus and concentrate on the issues at hand, but he wanted to analyze the photo while they were there.  In the meantime, he started to listen to the conversation again.
“I regret, I do not have your confidence," Eduard replied to Talia.  "I have lost too much in this world to risk losing any more.  I have to contemplate this.  I have to be certain that you and Anya will be safe, before I allow you to confront those animals.  I am too old to start over.  I want to save the few family members I have remaining.”
“Thank you for considering it,” she said respectfully, knowing when to end a confrontation with her father in law.  
She decided to let the subject lie for a bit and switched gears.  “How about dinner?  I love Hofnin, The Harbour.  Lamb chops and seafood.  They have an amazing chef and a great view of the old harbour.  You can see Harpa's light show at night.  What do you say?  I'm starving.”
One of Eduard’s security team came into the room.  He motioned Eduard to come with him.  They left for a moment.  Talia didn’t react, because he had been in politics for decades, and she was used to such interruptions.
When they returned, Eduard’s face was completely devoid of color.  She knew something was wrong.  “Eduard, what is it?”  
“I have received word that there has been an incident involving the group that calls itself the Alder Nation,” he replied.
“Oh, God, what happened?” she gasped.  She knew it had to be bad from the expression on his face.  Her stomach suddenly felt sick.
“I do not understand how it happened, but The Alder Nation has Anya.”

The Terrorist's Game
Part XVIII
"I'm just an ordinary person who has an extraordinary job."
-Julia Roberts

We call it the mama bear mentality.  Mothers will do virtually anything to protect their young.  This was the mode that Talia's mind inherently went into immediately at hearing that someone had abducted her only child.  She was speechless, but her mind was racing with thoughts of finding Percival and killing him with her bare hands.  She imagined putting her own hands around his neck and choking the life completely out of him as she watched it drain from his eyes and body.  
She couldn't think about anyone harming her daughter, because it was too painful a thought as her mind bounced from phase to phase of anger and fear.  The belief that Percival would harm or kill her daughter was only in a futuristic arena.  She couldn't think that bad things may already have happened.  That would cause her mind to cease functioning altogether, and she didn't have time for that.
Random thoughts flew through her head at a million miles a second.  She owned a gun.  She didn’t have to touch him to kill him, and it would leave no fingerprints.  She owned a semi automatic 9mm Beretta.  Had she brought it with her?  Did she have ammunition?  How many shots would she have to fire to make sure that the monster was dead?  Could she find and rescue her daughter?  Of course she could.  She had to.  There was no other option.  
Where was Percival?  Under what rock was he hiding?  Where had he taken her daughter?  How would she locate them?  How long would it take her to get his location?  How long would it take her to get to that location and annihilate him to rescue her daughter?
How long would she be in prison for murdering him?  No, that wouldn’t happen.  He was a terrorist, and no one would prosecute her.  That was one thing that wouldn’t be an issue.  He had to be someplace in Russia.  Or did he?  Most terrorists were exiles and lived outside the country which they were trying to change or control.  That being the case, he could be anywhere in the world.  There had to be a way to find him.  Everybody was tracked down sooner or later.  Saddam Hussein was found in a hole.  Osama Bin Laden was found in a compound.  When she found him, she would rescue her daughter and then kill him.  It was that simple.  The only problem was how?
She blinked her eyes and noticed that Tyrell was snapping his fingers in front of her.  “What!”  
Tyrell heaved a sigh of relief.  “I thought we’d lost you for a moment.  You had the same look your mother gets from time to time.  It frightens me when she gets that look.  You can’t do whatever it is you're thinking about.  You have to be rational.”
She turned to Eduard.  “She’s my daughter.  I can’t sit here and wait.  I have to do something.  I want him dead.  I’ve waited patiently for years, and he's survived and thrived.  Please, let me find this asshole and kill him.  He killed my husband, he’s terrorized us for years, and now he’s kidnapped my daughter.  Enough.  Let me go after him, Eduard.  I need closure.  I no longer want to play terrorist games.  If he touches one hair on her head, they won't find all of his parts.  I promise you that.”
Eduard watched her and he saw the look in her eyes.  She was passionate, and threw herself into everything she pursued.  It was her way, and he admired her for it.  His son had been the same.  He felt that it was what attracted them to one another and also the main cause of the arguments he remembered hearing late at night.  Eduard felt at many times that he was the least passionate member of his family, behind his deceased wife and even his granddaughter.  He tried to lean toward rational thought based on trusted information.  He was a career government servant.  He hadn't become President by being emotional.  He couldn't decide whether that was a good or a bad trait in him.
He wanted to scold her for flying off the handle.  He wanted to advise her to let it go and let professional field agents handle the situation.  But, his adopted little girl had grown up, and he realized she was the professional most capable of doing the job.  No one in the world knew more about the Alder Nation and terrorism than she did.
Eduard sighed.  “If I told you to wait, or be patient, or let someone who is not as involved handle this, would you listen?”
Talia scowled at him.  “No.  That bastard stole my baby.”  Tears welled up in her eyes.  “I need to find him and kill him.  It’s the only solution.  No one, but no one steals my baby.  No one touches her.  She’s all I have left after years of The Alder Nation.  I have no reason not to kill him after all he's taken from me.  I don’t care what any of you say, I will end this, and I will never be away from her again.  I’ve had enough, and I’ll explain that to Percival before I kill him, so he’s crystal clear about my feelings and will know that his death comes, because he abducted my daughter.”
Cameron was amazed as he listened to them discuss killing Percival like most people would discuss a child running away from home to marry their girlfriend or boyfriend without permission.  He couldn’t imagine what she was going through.  He didn’t know her well enough to know whether she would do something irrational or something effective.  He had no idea where Talia Anderson’s anger would take her.  He wanted to run screaming back to the Pacific Northwest where he could work in a familiar environment, but he couldn’t leave her side.  There was no turning back and he needed to help her.  He was all in and he would stay with her, no matter what.  He needed to help her make sure that the world was rid of The Alder Nation and their leader, Percival.
“I do not want any harm to come to you.  You are family and I love you.  You are not to fight this battle alone.  You will take security.  If you do not have enough, I will send my men with you.  Do you understand?” Eduard said to her.
“Yes,” she muttered.  “I must end this.  I’ll do it however you allow me to.  I have to do this, Eduard.  I have to put an end to it now.”
“Let’s make a game plan,” Tyrell said.  “I refuse to do this without a plan.  Right now, we don’t know where Percival is, or where Anya is.  We don't even know that they're together.  It won’t help her if we move before we have the information necessary to enact a rescue.  A premature move could get her killed.  No one wants that.”
“Tyrell is right," Cameron said.  "We need to find a way to track Percival.  He claims that Anya is with him, so it's him we need to locate and track.  If we can locate him, the rest should fall into place.  Am I right?”
Talia looked at Cameron.  “Are you saying that you want to come along?  It’s a dangerous situation.  People die when they stand up to The Alder Nation.  They operate as though separatist acts of war are games.  They’re dangerous and unpredictable to those of us trying to analyze and thwart them.” 
“I know that,” he replied.  “I might be useful.  A logical tech brain is a wonderful thing to have along for the ride.  I might think of things that you’re too close to the situation to think of.  Puzzles are where I shine.”
He absent mindedly glanced at the picture on the wall.  He wondered if that was the place in her dream, and if that picture might help them.  He didn't want to bring it up with everyone around.  He wanted to wait until he could discuss the photo with Talia alone.
She watched him for a moment, noting that he seemed a bit distracted.  “I didn’t mean to imply that you couldn’t handle yourself.  I don’t know you well enough.  You’re right.  Analytical brains are good to have in a situation such as this.  Unfortunately, you can't handle yourself in a fight.”
“That's true. I'm terrible at it, and I’m not trained to fight at all," he replied.   "But, you do need help tracking a shadow.  Maybe I can help you find him.  I probably understand any technology he may be using better than you.  I never met anyone I couldn't track.”
"I don't know enough about you," she said.  "What kind of software did you design?"
"Some of it was tracking," he replied.  "Some of it was to hide from tracking.  Either way, I'm your man."
“We’ve tried to track him for years," Tyrell said.  "Maybe you can help, Cameron.  We need to find him and fast.  Kidnappers don’t generally have a lot of patience, and terrorists have even less.”
Talia wondered what kind of tracking, he designed.  “Okay, Cameron.  There’s no time to waste.  What’s your idea?  How can we track Percival?”
He looked to the man who’d come in with the message.  “How does he send messages?”  
Leonid Kirov had been the head of Eduard's security team since the inception of him requiring one.  He was the definition of Russian that you would get in a movie in the outside world.  He was large, brooding, dark hair, thick eyebrows, dressed in a black suit with a white shirt.  He was a cross between Secret Service and Men in Black.  He was currently in his mid 50's, but he looked as though he could still kick some serious ass.  He was the President Elect's most trusted staff.
“He sends a text message,” Leonid said to Cameron as he handed him a Samsung Galaxy phone.  “He contacts this phone.  We have not been able to track his location because we presume he is blocking us in some way.  When he calls, he distorts his voice, so we cannot use voice recognition to identify him.  He emails, but there is no retrievable address for the sender.  He is a ghost who only uses electronic communication.  We have no history of Percival or The Alder Nation beyond news reports and the demands which they make of us.  We have no reconnaissance for this group.  Percival crawled out from under a rock one day, then immediately disappeared into the digital universe.  When they attack, they come out of nowhere and return to nowhere.  There are no known independent cells and no known headquarters.  There is no trail to follow.”
Cameron unlocked the phone and started to investigate its system and apps.  Everyone watched him for several minutes.  Finally he looked up.  “Why don’t you all go and get something to eat.  This could take a while.”
“Do you think you can do something?” Talia asked.
“If he hides with advanced technology, I can find him.  I invent advanced technology.  I solve puzzles.  Most of the programming I've invented was to either solve a problem or create a problem for others.  It’s a matter of analyzing his program so that I can undo it.  Go and eat.  I’ll get started solving the puzzle.  By the time you get back, I may know where he is.”
“Are you serious?” Tyrell asked.  “Our programmers have worked at this for years.  They spent countless hours in labs with no results.  They found nothing.”
“Well, you never called me,” he replied.  “Go, eat, and bring me back something not fish.  I hate fish."  He stood and walked over to Talia.  He looked her straight in the eye.  “Have I ever lied to you?”
“Not yet.  But, I’ve only known you for two days.”
He grinned at her.  "Well, you ain't seen nothin' yet."

The Terrorist's Game
Part XIX
"There's no such thing as an aura of mystery anymore. It doesn't exist. That's a thing of the past." -Scarlett Johansson

When the group returned to Eduard’s apartment, Cameron and Leonid were watching TV.  The calm in the air concerned Talia.  While dining at Hofnin The Harbour Restaurant, she had received a phone call from Ambassador Taheem Sarraf.  He informed her of a report from his intelligence that they could find no records of a Cameron Walker from Seattle Washington.  Talia couldn't figure out why Taheem would not let the situation go, but she did wonder about Cameron's past.  He didn't seem to have one in the known digital world, and in her experience, ghosts weren't a good thing.
Talia excused herself and stepped outside the small rustic dockside restaurant to continue what had suddenly morphed into a classified conversation.  "What do you mean, he has no record?"
"My dear, the man does not exist," Taheem replied.  "Qatar State Intelligence is thorough, and they found nothing.  No employment records, no identification, no tax records, no property, and no credit history.  In Seattle, as in the known world, he does not exist."
"Good to know," she replied.  "I'll handle it.  He will not come near you again.  Promise."
"Can you guarantee that?" Taheem asked.  "He makes me nervous.  A man who wanders into my house and cannot be traced is of great concern to a man in my position.  My peers will not appreciate the fact that I, by association, may be a security risk."
"I can guarantee that he won't come near you."
"How can you be certain?"
"He's out of the country working for me."
"Be careful," he warned.  "There is something wrong about this man.  I cannot say what at this time, but my gut tells me something is wrong."
As Talia entered the apartment, Cameron rose and came to greet her.  She handed him a container with a burger in it.  
“How’s it going?” she asked.  "Any breakthroughs?"
“Great.”  He flashed her a huge grin and took the container.  “Smells good.  How was dinner?”  
“How was dinner?” she snapped.  "Who are you?"
Everyone else immediately left the room upon hearing the tone in her voice.
"What are you talking about?" Cameron asked.
"I got a call while I was at dinner.  Do you remember Taheem Sarraf?"
"Of course I do.  He has a great house in the Hamptons."
"His people ran a background check on you."
"They found nothing," he scoffed.
"Correct.  How did you know that?"
"In addition to tracking, as I said earlier, I also design programming that keeps investigators at bay.  I use it.  I don't like to be monitored.  Did they call Google?"
"I don't know, why?"
"Look up the general number on your phone.  Don't take my word for anything.  Give them a call.  Ask for the security lab and to speak to Doctor Gene Markowski."
Talia took out her iPhone 11 Pro and did as Cameron said.  She reached Doctor Gene Markowski, inquired about Cameron and asked for a photo.  She waited a minute and a photo arrived via text.  The photo was Cameron beyond any reasonable doubt.
"Can we get on with things now?" he asked, as she put down her phone.
"He must be who he says he is," she thought.  "I looked up the number myself."
“Yes," she snapped.  "Now, what the hell is going on?  You’re watching TV.  Did you locate Percival or not?”
“Not yet,” he replied as he swallowed a bite of the burger.  “That’s good,” he said, indicating the burger.
“Did you give up?”  
“Of course I didn’t give up.  I’m waiting for something to be delivered, and once I set that up, we wait for him to contact us.  When he calls, you will know his exact location.  I swear.”
Talia couldn’t believe it.  “You mean, we can track him?”
“Unless my analysis of his programming and make and model of phone is off," Cameron said.  "I looked at all the communications that I could find.  The messaging is indicative of an older Moto; the G series.  Basic stuff.  I took the liberty of checking the satellite schedules against the timing of the communications.  From the patterns that I could match, it's likely he has the ability to monitor government satellites from the U.S. and maybe other countries.  It is true that some of the satellites roaming the stratosphere can use their GPS to triangulate communications, so he's wise to have access to schedules for intelligence satellites.  His patterns of communication seem to coincide with the American spy satellites.  Ironically, by only communicating when there aren't any of these specific satellites in his area, we are gaining some insight into his location.  When he contacts you, I'm hoping to zero in on the location, but I would guess he’s somewhere in Ukraine, Poland, or maybe Hungary or Romania.  Somewhere in that region.”
“You determined this from time schedules?” Eduard asked, reentering the room.  “How did you deduce that?”
“I read her books.”  He motioned to Talia.  “You noted that most of the terrorists go out of their way to avoid government satellites passing over their locations.  You stated that it was part of a collective paranoia shared amongst terrorist groups.  I checked the schedules, particularly for the U.S.  Then I checked the times of his transmissions for the last several months.  After I filtered all the information through an algorithm I created, I pinpointed an area as much as I could.  I’m waiting for a military sat phone to be delivered.  Once I set up the SIM card in the phone, when he calls, I can calculate his precise location.”
Talia was impressed.  He had used her books to help him track the separatists.  She wondered why Taheem Sarraf was so skeptical about him.  She verified his background story herself.  He was helping her, and he had no underlying reason for it that she could see.  She needed the help, because she was far too close emotionally to the issue to be effective against the Alder Nation.  She was determined to win this battle, irregardless of how close to it she was emotionally.
She sat down on the sofa and looked away for a moment, to catch her breath.  It seemed as though she had been running at a million miles a minute forever.  This was the first time in years that she felt she could catch her breath, because she had made some headway in her situation.  She hadn't been able to focus on anything else for years.  Then the photo on the wall caught her attention.
Her face turned white.  "The house," she realized as she gaped at the photo on Eduard's wall.
Cameron noticed her face go pale and that she was looking at the photo.  "Are you okay?" he asked, not wanting to acknowledge that he had also seen and connected the photo to her dream.
She shook her head.  She didn't want to talk about the photo.  She needed to think about it before she discussed it with anyone.  She suddenly believed that her dream was most likely just a dream based on the stupid picture that hung in Eduard's living room in Iceland.
"I'm fine," she insisted.
"You look like you just saw a ghost," Cameron said.  "Did I miss something?"
"No," Talia said, desperately wanting to change the subject.  "So, you can track him?  Impressive.   You said you're waiting for a sat phone to be delivered?”
Cameron had been waiting for her to ask him about that.  “I developed a sat phone with some programming in it that is ideal for this situation.  We marketed it last year to certain military factions and government leaders, and it was a huge money maker.  It can decipher most blocking software and it uses GPS to pinpoint the caller’s location to a quarter mile.  Unless Percival has something that I haven’t dealt with before, the sat phone should track his every move.”
“Where did you order the phone from?" Eduard asked.  "It will take quite some time if it is being shipped from the United States.  That could take more time than we have.”
“I called my old boss, Gene, and got a list of exclusive customers," Cameron replied.  "You remember Gene, right Talia?  Anyway, the phone wasn't available retail ever.  It was only offered as a specialty item to certain high end clients.  Nina Friederichsdottir was one of the customers on that list.”
“Nina Friederichsdottir?” she asked.
"I thought you knew all the important people on Earth," he snarked.
"Shut up!" she snapped.  "I know who she is."
Eduard smiled.  “The President of Iceland.”  
“Bingo,” Cameron said.  “We’re in Iceland.  She's the only one in the whole country that has one of those phones.  One of her people should deliver it any minute.”
“Why didn’t I know about this phone?” Talia asked.
“You don’t consult that department of Google," Cameron snapped.  "You call government contracted companies for this kind of thing.  I was in the private sector, baby.  Way more effective, and frankly decidedly less expensive.  No $12,000 toilet seats in my world.”
"You're a pain in my ass," Talia snarked.
"Doesn't make me wrong," he chided.
There was a knock at the door.  “That should be the phone,” Leonid announced.    
Eduard opened the door.  “Madame President.  I did not realize that you made your own deliveries.”
A middle aged lady with a surprisingly smooth complexion, and dyed blonde hair, wearing a sensible off the rack brown pantsuit with a lovely floral scarf, stood in the doorway smiling at Eduard.  “It is good to see you.  How long has it been?  Congratulations on your election.  We should schedule a summit, so we can visit.”
He smiled.  “So good to see you.  I would like nothing more than to schedule a summit with you, but that will have to wait unfortunately.  Currently, I have time sensitive extremely pressing business.  Thank you for lending us your phone.  You are wonderfully generous.  Thank you so much.”
She handed it to him.  “Of course, I am always happy to help.  What is this about?  The phone is fabulous.  The inventor said he was here.  I would like to meet him.”  She walked to Cameron.  “I would bet any amount of money that you are the genius that designed this phone.”
“You are right,” Cameron said.  “It’s an honor to meet you, Madame President.”  
“You have no idea how much I adore this phone.  I use it to keep track of my sixteen year old granddaughter more than anything else, but it is genius.  My granddaughter lied to me and blocked my GPS constantly until I bought this phone.  What do you need it for?”
“It is top secret," Eduard replied.  "I am sorry, I hope you understand.”
“I respect that.  I will have to settle for dinner with you instead, Mr. President.  You can use that phone for as long as is necessary, but when you return it, I want you to deliver it yourself.  Then, we can go to dinner.  I will not take no for an answer.”
Eduard had known Nina for years; how long he wasn't certain.  She was attractive, especially for her age.  He had been avoiding dating her because she lived in Iceland, and neither one of them could move because of their positions, but she was direct and not about to let him slip away indefinitely.
He smiled.  “You have a deal.  I look forward to that.”
Nina's face lit up.  “Finally, a dinner date with Eduard Sokolovsky.”  She kissed him on the cheek.  “Today is my lucky day.  I will be waiting for your call. Ciao!” she said as she left.
Talia grinned at Eduard.  “You old dog, you!  I didn’t know you had a thing with the President of Iceland.  You never said a word about her.”
“There are many things that I do not discuss with you.”    
Cameron turned on the phone.  He bypassed the phone's security, then inserted a new SIM card and reprogrammed the sat phone as the cell phone that Eduard received Percival's communications on.
“It’s ready.  I transferred Eduard’s account to this phone.  The phone's programming will deactivate Percival's blocking software and allow us track him.  I designed it for this purpose.  Madame President was right that it is useful in tracking teenagers.  A lot of the time, teenagers are ahead of the technology curve.  I made a fortune because of that.”
“What if he doesn’t call?” Talia asked, ignoring his comment about his formative years.  
“He’ll call,” Cameron replied.  
“What makes you so sure?” she asked.  “He could take my daughter somewhere that I will never find her.
“Has he ever stopped calling?”
“No.”  
“Then why would he stop now?”

The Terrorist's Game
Part XX
"I want to be in the small percentage of women who don't settle for conventional roles."
-Zoe Saldana

Talia didn’t like waiting around, but what else could she do?  They needed to wait until the next time that the skies over South Central Eastern Europe were clear of American spy satellites, and that was late the following morning.  The theory was that there would be no calls until there were no satellites overhead.  The call patterns supported that theory.  Talia had no reason to doubt Cameron about that.
The group agreed to meet for breakfast, and everyone went to their respective apartments.  Talia left with Tyrell and Cameron. When they entered the apartment, suddenly she couldn’t breathe.  It felt as though someone was standing with both feet firmly planted on her chest.  She realized that she was having an anxiety attack.  
Clarissa had suffered from anxiety attacks throughout Talia’s childhood, and had been hospitalized several times as a result.  She always thought that her mother was nuts and a drama queen at the time, but now she was wondering about that.  If her mother was nuts, maybe she was too.  She blocked that train of thought immediately.  She couldn't take any more thoughts that stressed her out, like behaving like her mother.  She needed to unwind.  She refused to take pills or land in the hospital.
“Are you okay?” Cameron asked.  “You're pale.”
“I’m having trouble breathing,” she said.  “Stupid huh?”
“No," he replied.  "I don’t know how you do it.  I couldn’t handle this.  You keep working.  Nothing stops you.  You’ve been through years of trauma, and now your daughter is missing.  You’re the strongest person I’ve ever met.”
“Thanks,” she said.  She took a deep breath.  The demons were stepping off of her chest.
“Is there anything I can do right now?” he asked.  "Everyone needs a little support once in a while.  I don't have anything better to do right now, anyway.  Can't rush satellites."  
“I can't sit in my room all alone tonight, and I won't sleep," she replied.  "I know I’ve already been quite an imposition on you, but could you keep me company?”
He smiled.  “Of course.  I probably won’t sleep either.  You’re not an imposition.  I’m used to being bored with life.  Adrenaline is a new thing to me, and I like it.  Come on.  I’ll make us some drinks.  We’ll watch movies and watch the sun come up.  By breakfast the satellites will be away from Eastern Europe, and we will likely get a call.”
"Have fun kids," Tyrell said.  "I'm an old man, and I can sleep."
Tyrell turned and walked to his room, smiling all the way.  He had known Talia most of her life, and he was certain that Cameron was the best thing that had happened to her in years.  He never liked Dmitri, and to be honest, he didn't miss the man since he died.  There was a dark aura around Dmitri's head that he had never mentioned to anyone, because he believed that no one would understand or believe him.  He had never been able to put his finger on it, but there was something rotten about Dmitri Sokolovsky.  Cameron was helpful, calming, charming, smart, and seemed to be genuinely interested in helping the closest thing that he had to a child.  He knew that everyone had a dark side, and in his experience, it would rear its ugly head sooner or later.  But, for now, Cameron Walker was exactly what Talia Anderson needed to stay focused on solving her problems.
Cameron turned on the television and handed Talia one of the two Icelandic Pears he'd mixed for them.
"What's this?" she asked.
"It's vodka, lemon juice, pear juice and some other stuff," he said.  "It's good.  I promise."
She took a sip of the drink.  "Where did you learn to make that?" she asked.
"I have many talents," he said.  "Problem solving is only one of them."
"I see," she replied, smiling.  "You're like an onion.  Many layers."
"As are you," he said.
"Why didn't you ask me about the picture?" she asked.  "I know you noticed it."
"One freakish issue at a time," he replied.  "There has to be a reason for that too."
"Like what?" she asked.
"I don't know," he replied.  "For now, let's just pretend we didn't see it.  We'll ask Eduard about it later."
She knew that he was right, and she reluctantly tabled the issue of the photo of the building her dream for the night.  She tried to watch TV, but she slipped into unconsciousness on the sofa in the middle of an old Arnold Schwarzenegger film and dreamed.  As her dream began, she was twisting her wedding ring, walking through the old town square.  There was a carnival.  Had she been there before or was it just some manifestation from a picture in Eduard's apartment?   Why was she there?  What did it all mean?  What did Cameron yell at her as she walked through the square toward the house?
The black stone house stood out.  She walked straight to it.  She entered and stood in an office, twisting her ring.  Dmitri walked in.  Why?  He was dead.  It was the one thing in life she was certain of.  Why was the dream torturing her?  They argued.  He turned into a serpent, and she shot him.  
She woke up on the sofa screaming, and Cameron jumped to her side as she sobbed on the sofa.  He knew the scream.  He sat next to her on the sofa and put his arm around her shoulders.  
“The dream again?” he asked.  
She nodded.  He held her until she stopped shaking and sobbing.  
“I don’t understand,” she said, once she caught her breath.  “Why do I have this dream?  It's disturbing and so real.  Why do I see him?  He’s been dead for years.  What does it mean?”
“I don't know,” Cameron replied.  "It has to have something to do with that photo.  What, I don't know."  
“It's more than that.  It's seeing him and the serpent he turns into.  I read that a serpent symbolizes ultimate betrayal,” she sniffed.  “Why would I feel that way?  He was murdered.  Why would I blame him?  He was doing his job.  I don’t hate him for it.  I don’t understand my dream, even though I've researched it and seen a psychologist, and I know about the photo now.”
“I want to help you through this,”  he said. "I wish I knew how."    
“That’s nice of you,” she replied.  "I hate to say this, because I don't want you to misunderstand, but I don't know what I would do without you right now."
“Thanks.  No misinterpretations.  But, can I help?" he asked.  "Sometimes an outsider can help you gain perspective.  I am an outsider.”
"It’s hard to think about.  Every time I think about what’s happened to my family, I want to take a pill or drink myself into amnesia.  I’ve tried to block things out, but that dream keeps invading my mind.  It's like it's trying to tell me something, but I don't know what.”
“I understand, and I get that you don’t want to talk about it,” he said.  “I'm no psychologist.  I did take Psych 101.  From everything I've ever heard about psychology, to help I probably should know more about you and your family.  I  need more than the dream and a photo to be of any use to you.  If you let me in, maybe I can help.”
She looked into his eyes.  Taheem didn't trust him and seemed obsessed with finding out what he believed was a heinous secret.  She trusted Taheem, whom she had known for many years, and she wanted to find a reason not to trust Cameron, but she couldn’t.  She had checked him out herself.  
“I don’t know where to begin.  We were married for years, and he’s been dead for several more.  I don’t know what might help you.  It happened so long ago, and I’ve tried to forget most of it.  Ask me anything.”  
“Were you happily married?” he asked.
“What do you mean, were we happy?  Of course we were happy!  He was killed, he didn’t leave me!  How is that supposed to help you help me?”
She seemed way too defensive to him.  “Sorry, you had the perfect marriage.  I’m not trying to upset you.  My mistake.  You never argued about money, jobs, Anya, in-laws, beliefs, or anything ever.  Is that what you’re trying to tell me?  I could only hope that someday I have a wife who agrees with me about everything.  The problem is that she would have to be totally under my control, and I can’t picture you allowing a man to totally control you.”
Talia stared at Cameron.  Her thinking had been extremely selective since Dmitri’s death.  She only remembered the good times.  Why dwell on the bad?  This man wanted to dredge up every little thing and she felt a pang of resentment at the idea.  
“Of course we argued," she snapped.  "We were human and married with a child.  There’s no way to avoid a little ordinary arguing.  Every couple has disagreements.  I meant that none of them were important.”
“What did you argue about?”
“Why is this what’s important to you?” she asked.  "Why do you only ask about the bad?"
There was a lot that she didn’t wish to speak of.  There were the things that she didn't want to remember.  She felt that everyone had those item in their past and that she shouldn't be chastised for it.  
“I don’t know," he replied.  "People don’t balance well on pedestals.  I’m afraid that your perfect  picture only exists in your mind.  If you jar your memory a little, you may find that nothing is perfect.  Not even your sainted husband.  If so, he was the first perfect man I ever heard of.  Why don’t you tell me about the real Dmitri?”
Talia was insulted.  “He was perfect.  You didn’t know him.  I wasn’t good enough for him.  It’s intimidating to live with a great mind.”
“Whatever he was selling, you apparently bought hook, line and sinker.”
“What the hell is that supposed to mean!”  
“From what you just said, it sounds like he made you feel like an idiot.”  
“I did feel like an idiot sometimes, but you don’t understand," she explained.  "Dmitri was a genius.  He was ahead of his time.  He knew how to make the world a better place, bridging the giant gaps between rich and poor.  He wanted everyone to have a job.  He wanted to make the world a perfect place.”
He instantly realized that Dmitri was a cult of personality.  She had bought into every egomaniacal thought he threw her way and never even realized it.  She was the disciple who believed every word he said.  He never expected this of the stubborn, independent woman he met in New York.
“Did you believe in everything that he believed in?” he asked.
“I sometimes thought that his ideals were radical,” she sniffed.  “He thought I was too conservative.  He said radical change is the only real change.  He thought like a revolutionary.  It was the Russian in him.”
“Was he a Socialist? Maybe a Communist?  Maybe even a Fascist? Totalitarian favorable?”  
“Of course not!" she snapped.  "Why would he believe in anything that his own country and the rest of the world had proven couldn’t work?”
“What you said made him sound like some sort of revolutionary.”  
Talia never realized that Dmitri's ideals sounded so unrealistic and utopian.  “I never thought about it.  He liked to be in control.  I thought he leaned toward a hierarchy, and that does sound utopian.  I don't know what to think now.”
“He liked to be in control, yes?” he asked.
“He had trouble with authority,” she remembered.  “He threw himself into his work, but he hated listening to his father.  He had to be right and didn’t like to be told what to do.  It made him crazy.”
“Did the two of you fight over control?”  
“Sometimes,” she remembered.  “We argued about Anya the day he left.  I wanted her to be a free thinker, but he thought that she should only believe what he believed.”
“That's a big issue.  Who won that fight?”
“It wasn't a fight.  It was an argument.  And no one.  It was the last argument we ever had,” she replied.  “We never resolved it, because he got called away to work and ended up dead.  I felt bad.  All he really wanted was for his little girl to look up to him.  I never should have argued that.  Yelling at each other is the last memory I have of my husband.  Such a waste.”    
“I’m sorry. I thought that understanding your relationship could help me help you with your dream.  There has to be a reason for that dream.  Looking back is typically the best way to sort it out.”  He noticed her fidgeting with the ring on her right hand throughout the conversation. It was a gold band with blue birds painted on it.  “That’s a beautiful ring.  Is it special to you?”
“Yes it is special.  It’s my wedding ring.”
“It’s beautiful.  I didn’t realize.  It’s on your right hand.”
“In the Uniate Church they wear them on their right hands," she said.  "It’s a Ukrainian tradition.”  
“You mean he wasn’t Russian Orthodox?  How can that be?  He’s from Russia.”
“His family ties to Ukraine are stronger," she replied.  "That’s where Eduard and his mother, Anya, are from.  You knew that.”  
He did.  
“Why does everything circle back to Ukraine?” he thought.
The Terrorist's Game
Part XXI
"There's something about a catharsis that is very important."
-Glenn Close

The spy satellite routine indicated that The Alder Nation may be headquartered in Ukraine.  Dmitri was killed in Lviv, Ukraine.  His family belonged to the Uniate Church, also Ukrainian.  Was their leader someone who knew Eduard's family personally?  That would explain why the group focused on them.  If their family had ties to Ukraine, then the person who had been doing all the blackmailing and now kidnapping may be someone from Eduard’s past.
“How are your in laws tied to Ukraine?” Cameron asked.  "Not in the past, but today."
Talia looked at him as though he were stupid.  “First, I thought everyone in the world knew after all the publicity that Eduard is from Ukraine.  His family moved to Russia when he was a baby.  They moved from a little town in Ukraine to Moscow.  Why would any of that matter now?”
"Everything seems to track back to Ukraine," he replied.  "Dmitri died there, they were all from there, and that's the general area that I believe we are looking for the Alder Nation."
She gaped at him.  "I never thought of that.  But why?"
“Does Eduard still have family there?” he asked.
“I don’t know.  You’ll have to ask him.  Why would that matter?”
“Because, everything seems connected to Ukraine.”  He paused.  “Once again, Eduard is from there.  His family ties are there.  Dmitri was killed there.  All evidence suggests that the Alder Nation is headquartered there.  The family belongs to the Uniate Church, for God’s sake.  There has to be a Ukrainian connection.  Ukraine is known for its mafia and other subversive groups.  What did his family do there?  And, what about that picture?  Is that in Ukraine?  The building in your dream?”
Talia was shocked.  She couldn’t believe that had never occurred to her.  Cameron was formulating theorems that were plausible in record time.  She was, indeed, way too close to the situation.  
“Dmitri was investigating The Alder Nation when he was killed.  He told me a little bit about it.  I thought I was being irrational, because I believed the reason they singled out Eduard was personal.  I was right,” she muttered.
“Right about what?” he asked.
“I was married for almost nine years.  He worked for the Detective Administration the entire time.  He was never in danger before that case.  He was always one step ahead of anyone he was investigating.  I’m not saying this because I have him on a pedestal.  Until that last trip, I never worried about him when he went into the field.  He always told me what he was doing and where he was going.  He normally bounced his plans off of me before he put them into action.  
"That day he told me that he was flying to Lviv to arrest an Alder Nation leader.  He was taking a helicopter from Danylo Halytski Airport into Lviv to the precise location of the meeting.”  She paused for a moment.  “I had a bad feeling about it from the moment he left.  It was the only time I ever felt like that.”
“And that was the time he was killed,” Cameron said.  “Why would that trip feel different to you?”
Talia pored over everything she could remember.  They had a fight, which wasn’t unusual.  She couldn’t remember most of what the fight was about.  Part of it was about their daughter.  She believed that it had been about whether or not Anya was allowed to read a particular magazine, but she couldn't remember which one.  It had been so long that she couldn’t even remember what the argument was about.
“We had a fight before he left that time,” she said finally.  “It was about Anya and I think a magazine.  I told him she would make the right choices and that he needed to let her learn some things on her own.”  She paused.  “I remember!  I don’t remember the name of the magazine, but it was militant and talked about radical action being necessary to rid the world of terrorists.  You know, one of those publications advocating nuking the entirety of the Middle East in order to end terrorism.”
Cameron was confused.  “Wasn’t he against terrorism?  Wasn’t ending terrorism his job?”
“Yes,” she snarked.  “But even he had limits on how much radicalism he believed in.  He hated nuclear anything, whether it was a power plant or a warhead.  He believed that war was reactionary and that it was emotionally driven, irregardless of what hundreds of historians say.  He thought that people were too emotional which made their war doctrines flawed.  He thought that I was too emotional.  Sometimes he hated that about me.”
"That was the argument you had the day he left?" he asked.  "About radicalism in terrorism and anti terrorism.  You're house sounds like fun.  Are you sure there was nothing else in that argument that might give us some insight?"
"That's all I remember arguing about," she replied.  "It's funny how little I remember after all these years.  It was just an argument about beliefs.  We had those all the time."
Talia's phone rang and startled them both.  “I lost track of time.  Sorry,” she said into the phone.  
She hung up the phone and turned to Cameron.  “The skies should be satellite free in our chosen sector.  If Percival is true to form, we'll get a message soon.  Eduard thinks we should all be together.”
Cameron picked up the phone.  "He's right.  We should all be together when the call comes.  We need all the analysis we can get when that call comes through.  Maybe we can pick up on something he says.  You'll also need to keep him on the line so I can work."
She felt a lump form in her throat and heaved an anxious sigh.  “Okay, let’s go and find this bastard, so I can kill him.”  She saw Cameron's shocked expression.  “Don’t look at me like I’m a vengeful psychotic killer.  That bastard killed my husband and stole my baby.  I owe him.”
"Remind me never to piss you off," he said as he opened the door for her.
"Come on Tyrell!' she yelled into the apartment.
Tyrell appeared from around the corner and walked to the door.  "Showtime.  I'm here."
The group waited in Eduard's apartment, watching TV, pacing the floor, and staring at the water out the wall of windows.  Eventually, Cameron found himself alone in the kitchen with Leonid, Eduard’s bodyguard.  
“How long have you worked for Eduard?”  Cameron asked.
“Twenty years,” Leonid answered.  "Why do you ask?"
“That’s a long time,” Cameron responded.
“What is it that you want to know and why?” he snapped.  "And why should I help you?  I know nothing about you.  I have contacts that tell me you are not to be trusted."
"Let me guess, you received a call from Taheem Sarraf?" he asked.
"How did you know?" Leonid replied.
"He's called Talia a couple of times," he said.  "She checked me out herself.  You can trust her, even if you can't trust me."
"We shall see," he said.
“I’m trying to help Talia with her recurring dream, that's all," he said.  "Did she have nightmares when she lived in Russia?  I’m trying to help.”
Leonid nodded his head.  “I know you want to help.  It is a sensitive subject for me to discuss with strangers.  They are all but royalty.  Every tiny piece of their lives is on television or the web.”  He paused.  “What do you mean nightmare?”
“She’s been having a bad recurring nightmare.  She wakes up screaming,” Cameron said.  “I've been close by when she sleeps.  In the next room.  I want to help her cast out those demons, but I don't know how.”
Leonid remembered when Dmitri and Talia lived together in Russia.  “I remember no nightmares, only dreadful arguments.”
“You heard them argue?” Cameron asked.
“Yes, frequently,” he recalled.  “They should have divorced long before he disappeared.”
“Disappeared?” Cameron quipped.  “I thought he was murdered.”
“So they say,” he replied flatly.  “I wonder about it.”
“Why?”
“I never told anyone about the fights, because I like Talia, and I want to protect her.  Dmitri, I do not care about discussing him.  He treated her like a child at best, and at worst, he was a monster,” he explained.  “He told her she was stupid and that she had no idea what she was doing as a mom.  He wanted to hire a nanny to raise Anya and send her back to America.  He spoke as though he hated her, unless they were in Eduard's presence.  He changed like night and day when his father came around.  He would never have treated her the way he did in front of his father.  Eduard would not have stood for such behavior.”
Cameron was stunned.  “He threatened to send her back to the U.S. and take her daughter away?  But not in front of his father.  Why?  Did he fear his father that much?”
"Eduard loves Talia like his own.  Dmitri hated that as much as he seemed to hate everything else.  He was a jealous man.  Jealous of so many things; authority, money, love, affection, intelligence."
"He hated everything?  And he had jealousy issues?  Sounds like a man with personal problems."  
“Yes, he was evil, mostly to her.  He once told her that he could pick up a better woman off a street corner.  He scolded her about cooking skills, having no job skills, her lack of political awareness, lovemaking.  The list goes on.  The day he left on that assignment, he told her they were over.”
"What?" Cameron gasped.
“He told her they were over.  He told her that that she would be forced to leave the country forever once he divorced her.  He said that he would raise Anya, and she would never see her daughter again.  He ordered her to pack her things by the time he returned, but he never came back.”
Cameron didn’t know what to think.  Talia had apparently blocked out everything.  She mourned him, even though he was planning to deport her to the U.S. and divorce her.  How could she love a man that hated her?  What the hell was going on?
“Hey you guys, get in here!” Talia called from the living room.  “It’s show time!”
The two men went into the living room.  Cameron grabbed the phone which he had set on a coffee table.  There was a text from Percival.
“What does it say?” Cameron asked.  The message was in Cyrillic.
Leonid took the phone and read aloud.  “I have Anya.  She is safe.  Do not look for her.  If you come for her, I will kill her.  I will contact you with instructions for your presidency, following the inauguration.  Do not contact the press.  I will contact you at regular intervals.  There will be a call soon for you to ask questions about my vision for Russia's future.”
“Can you track that?” Talia asked.  She kept glancing at the photo on the wall.  "What was the connection?" she wondered.
Cameron worked with the phone, deep within the programming, where only he knew what happened.  “How can this be?” he snapped, staring at the phone.
“What?” she asked.
“Did you tell anyone where you were going?” Cameron asked Eduard.
“No,” he replied.  "Why?"
“Did you tell anyone?” he asked Talia.
“No,” she answered.  “What’s going on?”
He stared at the phone.  “Is there any way that any of you can think of that Percival could possibly know you are in Reykjavik?”
“He kidnapped my daughter,” Talia snarked.  “Maybe she told him.”
“No,” Eduard said.  “I taught her well not to give out information about anything.”
“He must have anticipated our capabilities,” Cameron told them.  “This must be a fake GPS program of some kind.  Damn, how can that be?”
“What makes you say that?” Talia asked.  "Talk to me."
“Because, his phone's location is right here in Reykjavik,” he said.

The Terrorist's Game
Part XXII
"What I'm saying is that I tried very hard to give them my reality and my reality is kind of interesting."
-Liza Minnelli

Talia's mind froze.  She couldn't process the information she received in that moment.  Percival couldn’t have known where they were.  How could he have known?  What if he was lying in wait for them in Reykjavik?  If he was there, then the satellites and the timing wouldn’t have been an issue, so it simply could not be.  Should they have focused on the satellite tracks over Iceland?  Were they chasing their tails like a dog?  Could he track them?  She ran everything through her mind as she twisted her wedding ring around and around her finger.  
Cameron couldn’t believe that Percival could best him in a technology battle.  No one could do that, at least no one ever had.  The events and the timing didn't add up.  How could he have known about the sat phone and its capabilities?  He couldn’t have.  He thought about it.  He may have tracked the sat phone, but he couldn’t be in Iceland.  Because of the timing and its relation to the satellite schedules, he had to be in Eastern Europe.  He had looked at all of the schedules for the satellites.  The skies over Iceland were not clear at that time.  If the satellite theory wasn't accurate, then they had nothing.  From what he was experiencing, he believed that Percival may have had technology advanced enough to counter anything that Cameron could provide.  
Or, did he actually trace Percival's location to Reykjavik?  Who was winning the game?  What was the missing piece?  Every time Cameron pondered one missing piece, he got several more pieces to an ever expanding puzzle.  Dmitri hated his wife and was leaving her when he had been killed, or disappeared.  Leonid said 'disappeared.'  Talia mourned a man who hated her.  What was missing? 
If Percival was in Iceland, then where was Anya?  Was she in Reykjavik?  Did Percival truly believe that he could rule Russia using Eduard as a proxy under duress?  How crazy was the man, and more importantly, where was he?  They needed to know his location so they could rescue young Anya.  He realized that the time had come for the whole group when they had to deal with the Alder Nation once and for all.  From everything Cameron had seen, he believed that the Alder Nation needed to cease to exist.  The world could use one less separatist group, and he believed that the one torturing Talia, was deplorable enough to be wiped from the face of the Earth.
He stared at Talia, deeply concentrating as she thought and twisted that wedding ring on her finger.  Why did she care about this man?  They need more information to solve the puzzle, and if she was blocking things out, she may be blocking something that could give him a clue.  She was the one who lived with Dmitri and learned counter terrorism from him.  Whatever her husband knew about Percival, he may have told her.  If she had information, she needed to remember it.  Inside her mind could be the answers that she needed.
“Talia, we need to talk,” Cameron said.  
“What?” she muttered.  
“Come in the kitchen with me,” he told her.  “It’s personal and important.”
Once in the next room he turned to her.  “I was talking with Leonid.  He told me that you and Dmitri had a terrible fight before he left that last time.  Do you remember it at all?”
Her lip started to quiver.  “I try not to.”
“He told me what he heard.  I think that you may have some information that could help us.”  He waited for her reaction, but there was no response.  “I know you don’t want to remember, but did he say anything about Percival or the Alder Nation?  Anything specific?  We need information, and Dmitri was the only person that we know of, who knew anything concrete about this group and their leader.  Please, think carefully.  I know it's painful, and I wouldn't ask if I didn't believe that it's the only way to solve this.  You might have some information tucked away in your mind, that you don't wish to remember, however, it may be exactly what we need to help us find your daughter.”
“I don’t know," she sniffed.  "I’ve blocked it out.  Anything about Percival is bad.”
“I know,” he said.  “I can't find him, even with my best equipment.  I've never been bested before.  This is what I do.  I design this equipment for tracking people in situations just like this.  He's besting me.  I’ve thought of everything I can.  I'm at a loss and need clues, so if you can remember anything that might rattle him during the Q & A, maybe he’ll screw up.  I'm afraid that if he doesn't accidentally say something, we may never figure out where he is.  It's the only way I can think of at this point.  If we can catch him off guard, we might be able to find him.”
She stood, tears rolling down her cheeks.  “I don’t know what you’re looking for.  What happened between me and Dmitri was of no consequence to the group or their leader.  It was personal.  Everything between us was personal and private, and I don't want to think about the bad things.”
"I know," he said.  "I'm so sorry.  But, did he ever say anything about Percival to you Anything at all?  It could have been something that seemed completely pointless.”
She concentrated as hard as she could.  All she could think about was the horrible fight and all the terrible things that her husband said to her before he left for the very last time.  She remembered that he had nothing nice to say about her.  She had trouble remembering anything that he may have said about anyone or anything else.  His words cut her to the bone that day.  That was exactly why she blocked the whole incident from her mind.
As she concentrated, she pondered as much as she could remember, word by word.  Suddenly, something struck her.  “Oh my God.”
“Do you remember something?” he asked.
She walked into the living room where everyone else was.  The sun was shining through the windows, casting a red glow as it set in the early evening; fall in Iceland.  Cameron followed her.  Eduard spun around to see her tear stained face.
“What is it?” Eduard asked.  He looked at Cameron.  “What have you done to her?”
“I don’t know,” Cameron answered him.  “I asked her to tell me if she could remember Dmitri telling her anything about Percival.”
“How could you do that?” Eduard snapped.  “Do you have any idea how painful that is for her?”
“It’s okay!  God!” she yelled at everyone.  “At least Cameron isn’t tiptoeing around me.  I do have to remember.  It’s the only way to fight Percival.  I should have forced myself to remember it a long time ago."  She looked at Cameron.  “Dmitri knew him.”
“Wow,” he said, stunned.  “Are you sure?”
“Yes,” she sniveled.  “I remember an offhand comment.  He said that Percival was right, and that all women are Guinevere.   Women are a distraction and have no real loyalty.  Percival believed that all women were born traitors, and anyone who trusted them would be betrayed.  If he knew that, he must have known him.”
“Indeed,” Eduard replied.
“It's coming back.  Oh, my God, Dmitri said that he was going to kill an old friend when he left that day.  That old friend must have been Percival.”
Everyone sat and stared at each other.  No one said a single word for quite some time.  
“So, he knew Percival for some time.  It could have been anyone, but he specifically said old friend.  It was someone he knew, so they might know a lot about the family,” she reasoned.  “We used to meet my mother for visits here in Reykjavik, because she didn’t like the paparazzi.  Iceland is quiet in the press world.”
“Percival could be getting information from someone who has known the family for years,” Eduard said.  
“He may have known we are in Iceland,” Leonid suggested.
“Jesus, he may be right here in Reykjavik,” Cameron said, grabbing his laptop.
He typed frantically and swore under his breath until finally, he stopped and turned to the group.  “If this transmission truly comes from Iceland, then he’s on a boat in the old harbor, not far from Harpa Concert Hall.”
“That’s right there!” Talia exclaimed, pointing out the window at the old harbor, which for all intents and purposes started right across the road.  “We have to check it out.  Now."
It was dark out, and the old harbor was poorly lit, since the tourist season was over.  Harpa Concert Hall with its brightly lighted musical patterned glass exterior was the brightest spot in the area. 
In the summer, which was also the natural height of the tourist season, the sun barely set, providing light 24 hours a day.  The restaurants and shops at the old harbor provided most of the light in the area the rest of the year, which didn't account for much.  Being fall, there were very few boats in the harbor.  Talia counted ten various vessels in the old harbor from the window of Eduard's apartment.
Minutes later, the group was at the head of the old harbor area.  Talia walked ahead of the men.  She felt that she could identify a boat that belonged to Percival if she saw it.  She carefully evaluated each boat she passed as she carefully placed each foot one in front of the other as quietly as she could, believing that someone may hear her if she didn't.  Which boat was it?  Was it any of them or a wild goose chase?
Percival scared her.  Was he there?  If so, where?  She looked at two small freighters.  No, and it couldn’t be the military ship from days past permanently berthed.  It wouldn’t be a tugboat.  It had to be one of the leftover yachts.  But which one?
The men watched her.  They believed that she could find him provided he was actually there.  She was incredibly graceful.  The more she went through emotionally, the stronger she seemed to become.  Percival was testing her inner fortitude, and she was standing up to the stress, but she would need the strength of a thousand souls if she found him.
Suddenly, Talia stopped and stared at a yacht.  “This is it.”
It was a beautiful 60 foot luxury yacht that reflected the closest lights in its shiny polyurethane coating.  The cabin towered over her and the rails were level with her eyes.
“How do you know?” Cameron asked.
“Shh, he could be in there," she said.  "This is definitely Percival’s yacht.”
“Are you sure?” Eduard asked. "How can you tell?"
“The name,” she whispered.
“I can’t read the name,” Cameron replied.
“It’s in Icelandic,” she said.  “Morgana.  She was Arthur’s sister.  She betrayed Arthur and gave birth to Mordred who was the eventual downfall of his own father, Arthur.”  She waited for a reaction but got none.  “Percival is obsessed with King Arthur.  This has to be his yacht.”
“Why would Percival learn to speak Icelandic?” Cameron asked.  "And why would he letter it in the local language?"
She analyzed the situation.  “He planned this from beginning to end.  He probably keeps it here so he can discreetly monitor our activities when we are in Reykjavik.  He could Google the translation to make the yacht fit in.  It would only take a couple of minutes.  We come here at least twice a year, and apparently, he knows that.”
“Perhaps he anticipated this visit in the wake of my victory in the election that he insisted I be a part of,” Eduard said.  “We all know that Russian elections are merely a formality.  Perhaps he is here waiting for us.”
“You believe he was waiting here, and wanted me to track him?” Cameron asked.  “Why would he do that?”
“Showdown,” Leonid muttered.
“But, why here?” Cameron asked.
“Why not?” Leonid returned.
Talia stared at the yacht for a moment.  “So, now what do we do?”
“I guess we go in," Tyrell said.  "I’m ready.”
“No,” she said.  “He wants me.  I’m going in there to face him.”
Cameron stepped up beside her. “Not alone.  I tracked him.  I get to go with you.”
She rolled her eyes.  “You could be killed.”
“I don’t care,” he argued.  “Do you want to stand here and bicker, or would you care to get this over with?”
“Get a gun,” she said.  She took out her 9 mm Beretta.  “Are you ready to play with the experts?”
Tyrell handed a Beretta 9mm to Cameron. 
 “Let’s go,” he said.
Talia stared at Cameron.  She was worried she would get him killed.  He was the best thing that had happened to her in years, but she knew that he wouldn’t let her push him aside.
“Follow me,” she whispered.  “Try not to get killed.”

The Terrorist's Game
Part XXIII
"When real people fall down in life, they get right back up and keep walking."
-Sarah Jessica Parker

The yacht seemed deserted.  The deck had covered and stacked lounge furniture on it as though it was patiently waiting for spring to arrive in the North Atlantic.  There were no lights in the wheelhouse, or anywhere that Talia could see.  She was confused.  Where were the inhabitants, and why were they able to track them here?  Suddenly, it all seemed like a sick and twisted distraction.  She got a sick feeling in the pit of her stomach.  Something was terribly wrong.  There were no signs of life.  What the hell was going on?
She climbed onto the deck via a ladder that seemed to be affixed to the side of the ship to board from a dingy, and Cameron boarded behind her.  
He had the same feeling.  Something was wrong.  Why was the boat deserted?  Why was Percival leading them there?  What premeditated malignant move was it that they were entangled in?
“What do you think?” he whispered to Talia.
She didn’t turn to look at him.  She was still scanning the area for a clue.  “I don’t know.  I don’t like this.  This is the way every bad horror movie in the world begins.”
“Do you still think this is Percival’s yacht?” he asked.
“More than ever,” she replied.  “What is he up to?  I could be a trap.  There aren’t even any footprints on this deck.  It looks completely abandoned.  Look at the scummy, slimy film everywhere.  If someone had been here, there would be footprints."  She stopped whispering.  “It’s just another wild goose chase.  He got the best of us with a phone.  Have to love that.”
Cameron looked at the deck.  There was a shiny gooey liquid coating on it.  He had never seen anything like it, but if someone walked on it, it would make a footprint.  Percival had left a dummy boat sitting in Old Reykjavik Harbor. Why?  There must be a reason, and he must have left a clue of his purpose or location, even if by accident.
“I’m taking a look around,” Cameron announced as he walked across the deck, slipping a bit on the gooey liquid.  “He might have left a real clue somewhere.”
“Do you really think he would do that?” she asked.  
“Not intentionally,” he scoffed as he walked by her.  He motioned her to follow him.  “Come on.  No one’s perfect.  He must have left something behind that we can use.  Everybody’s luck runs out sooner or later.  Everyone screws up sometime.”
She hated it when he was right.  She didn’t want to look around the boat.  She was afraid of what she might find.  She was sure it was Percival’s yacht.  He and his group were sick.  She had read reports on the people that they needlessly tortured and killed in the name of vague motives.  She also knew that if she didn’t try to find the clues, she may never rescue her daughter.
“I know,” she said.  “I’m afraid of what we'll find.  God knows what he might have done in there.”
“Remember, he led us here," he said.  "If there was evidence of heinous activities inside, he wouldn’t have allowed us to follow him here.  He’s not stupid, he’s twisted.  There’s a huge difference.  He would never overlook an obvious piece of evidence that would tie him to international crimes.  I’m sure whatever we find in there won’t be obvious.”
"Damn, he was right twice in a row," she thought.  "I’m too close to this situation.  I should let the geek handle it.  He’s thinking clearer than I am, but I can’t let anyone else handle it.  The bastard ruined my life, and I have to find him."  
“Okay, let’s go,” she replied.
Her mind started to wander.  She wondered why a man who spent years in a programming lab, was so skilled at analyzing human nature.  He said that he had read all of her books, but it seemed as though he had some experience, which he had not discussed, that made him excellent at guessing how a terrorist might think.  She decide quickly to put all of her paranoia aside, and focus on the important issues at hand.
They made their way below deck.  There was a plush living area, with several heavy duty marine windows so that people could sit and watch the outside world as they sat on custom built Italian leather seating and watched the 70 inch plasma smart TV.  There was a fully stocked bar in the corner.  There was plush marine carpeting on the floor, matching the furniture, and the entire room was tastefully decorated for a man.  It was a man cave on water, and Talia believed that it would fit Percival, based on the background material she studied in his dossier.  She knew some of what went on in his head, but she wished that she could guess what was in his head at that moment.  If she could figure that out, maybe she could find her daughter.
The next room they entered was the galley with modern stainless steel appliances and a professional industrial style work area.  The yacht seemed posh for a noble knight trying to make the world a fair place with equality for all.  He pleaded the case of the downtrodden, but he lived a life of luxury.  Finally, she saw the one thing that assured her he was Russian.
“Look,” she said, pointing.
“What?” he asked.
“I told you he was Russian,” she said walking across the room to a huge silver Samovar.  It had intricate designs molded and carved into its exterior, and a handmade spout and spigot. “That is a traditional Russian samovar.”
“What’s a samovar?” he asked.
“A Russian tea brewing machine.  Even Tsars used them.  This reinforces my theory that the group was never Muslim.  The designs carved into this machine are Russian.  They are traditional patterns that have been used in designs for hundreds of years.  In Russia.”
“Maybe they come from Kazakhstan," he replied.  "They were Soviet and are still Muslim.”
“Yes,” she admitted.  She opened the cabinet above the samovar.  “But, he wouldn’t have these.”  She took a silver filigree tea glass and holder out of the cabinet.  It stood on tiny little silver legs and had intricate designs, which included the double eagle crest of the Romanovs.  “These are Russian to the core.  19th century.”
Suddenly a beeping sound came from the room adjacent the galley.
“What is that?” she asked.
“I don’t know,” he replied, whispering again.  “Maybe someone is here.”
“Then they’ve been inside of this boat for a long time,” she snarked.  “It must be something else.”
The room that was beeping was a communications center.  Every piece of equipment was on.  There were no people, and no evidence thereof.  There was dust on the equipment, leading them to believe that it had not been used in quite a while.
“Now we know how he diverted us here,” Cameron said out loud.  “From what I see, it appears that it is all remotely accessible.”  He looked around the console, investigating each device one at a time.  He took pictures of the screens and some of the other electronics.  “Nice.  You could do anything without ever boarding.  From the icons that I see on the main console, you could make coffee, operate the TV, and check on radio messages from a remote device.  Probably a phone.  Realistically, you could even steer the ship from another location.  Look at this.”  He gestured Talia to join him.  “It’s a map of the world.”
“I can see that,” she groaned.  “I don’t like this.  Something is wrong.  Who cares about a map?”
“Let me check things out,” he said.  He looked at the screen with the map on it.  “This is probably connected to the program he’s using to guide us."  He pointed to the map.  "Look at this.  There’s an endless loop leading all over the world.  This is the phone trail that we've been trying to follow to pinpoint his location.  There’s no end.  This program completely masks his location.  That's clever.”
“What?”  she snapped.
He pointed to the screen.  There was a red line that went from Reykjavik to Gibraltar to Cairo to Washington and so on.  “It keeps going and eventually loops back here.  It's ingenious.”
“We’ll never be able to track him,” she moaned.  She heard beeping again.  “Where is that coming from?”
“Down there,” he said, pointing to a cabinet underneath the monitors.  
He searched for a port for his thumb drive.  With a little luck, he could copy the  programming for the jamming device.  Then he could decode it.  He fumbled around the console area until he found a USB port.  He inserted the drive and started to work at the digital keyboard on the main screen.
Talia followed the sound of the beeping and Cameron’s pointed finger to the cabinet below.  She opened it.  There were plastic explosives inside and a detonator with a timer.  The clock said 0:49 then it ticked with a beep to 0:48.
“Come on!” she yelled, grabbing him by the arm.  
He grabbed the thumb drive and followed her through the lower deck and up the stairs.  He didn't stop to ask why she was hysterically frantic.  The deck was slick and he had a horrible time running across it.  He stuffed the drive into his pocket.  
she again screamed, “Come on!”
She pushed him, forcing him to jump for the dock where the rest of the group stood waiting.  She jumped behind him.  She pulled him up.
“Run!” she yelled.  “Everyone run!”  
Eduard and their group started to run away from the dock.  Talia caught up quickly with Cameron close behind.  They ran along the docks barely escaping oncoming vehicles going to dinner at the various restaurants on the docks.  They all ran, following Talia toward Harpa Concert Hall where the dancing lights set to the evening's music were flashing.
The yacht exploded in one giant cloud of flames, debris, and smoke.  Everyone stopped and stared.  Flames rose into the dark night sky fading into the darkness tens of feet above the burning wreckage.  No one spoke right away.  There was very little remaining of the yacht on the water.  There were only burning scraps of a hull in the water and on the docks.
Talia bent over and took several deep breaths.  She looked up to see all of the men staring at her.  “I figured out what the beeping was.”
She looked at the harbor.  There was debris landing all over the place.  It was raining deck furniture and galley cabinets; all of them on fire.  Cars were skidding to a stop on the dock drive to try and avoid flying yacht pieces.  The authorities were arriving with sirens blaring and lights flashing.  She didn’t want to talk to the police.  She didn’t know what to say.
"He couldn’t have known exactly when we would board the yacht," she thought.  "We must have triggered it, but how?  I saw no booby traps.  How could he have known that we were on that boat at that exact time?"
“That’s all you have to say?” Cameron yelled.  “I found out what the beeping was?"
He was glad that he remembered how to run and jump.  He also was happy that he was able to control his bodily functions.  The last thing he wanted on top of everything else in his real life nightmare, was for Talia Anderson to see him lose control of his functions.
"I think we should slip inside Harpa,” Tyrell suggested.  “We will fit right in, with the other over dressed people."  He waited for anyone to reply.  "Does anyone want to explain this?  We do not need an international incident with the newly elected President of Russia who was recently visited by the sitting President of Iceland.”
“Tyrell is correct,” Eduard agreed.  "And I certainly do not wish to inadvertently involve Nina in this."
The group walked as casually as possible to Harpa.  Patrons, originally waiting to enter the concert hall for the evening's performance by the philharmonic, were leaving the building to see the fire as the group entered.  Soon there would be a crowd on the edge of the harbor enthralled in the excitement, and the local press would come.
“How did he know we were on the boat at exactly that time?” Talia whispered to Cameron.
“He couldn’t,” Cameron reasoned.  “Unless he's tracking us somehow.  I didn't see any cameras.  It doesn't add up.” He pulled the drive from his pocket.  “Hopefully, this will help me figure it out.”
“You managed to find something in his files?” she asked.
“Of course,” he gloated.  “I told you, I will find a way to track this bastard.  If I’m lucky, this will tell me what I need to know.”
"I didn't see a phone around or anything that he could use to watch us," she said.
"Neither did I," he replied.  "It has to be some kind of tracking device, probably something in a phone.  I'm thinking about something like the contact tracing that they tried to do during Covid-19."
"He would need to be able to track a phone," she argued.  "No one has had the same phone all this time."
"He calls regularly," he rationalized.  "Maybe it's a remote program.  I'm not sure, but I'll figure it out."
Talia shook her head and smiled.  Maybe bringing Cameron along wasn’t a bad idea after all.  She looked over her shoulder as she entered Harpa.  She could still see the burning boat in the water.  Percival had missed her.  This game was not over yet.  He was scared that she would find him, so he tried to eliminate her.  If he thought that she was dead, she would have the advantage.  Maybe that would cause him to make a mistake.  The game had gone on much too long already, and she was running out of time.  She had to find Anya.
She took another look at what was left of Percival’s yacht as she gazed out the flashing lighted windows of Harpa.  “You missed me, you son of a bitch.”

The Terrorist's Game
Part XXIV
"If you can draw something from my life that helps, more power to you."
-Queen Latifah

Inside Harpa, orchestra enthusiasts were milling about somewhere between dinner and the performance of the Icelandic Philharmonic Symphony; looking at the gift shop and having a drink at Kolabrautin Cocktail Lounge.  The concert was scheduled to start in less than an hour, so the crowds were swelling as time approached.  It was one of the pleasures of life in Reykjavik, and all the supporters of the arts were out in designer fashion of every color and style.  The men were wearing evening suits and subtle tuxedos, and the women were wearing an array of brightly colored cocktail dresses, and full length gowns.  
The group was well dressed, but still too casual to fit in.  Seeing how much they stood out in the crowd, Talia, Tyrell, and Leonid all immediately started scanning the inside of the building for an alternate exit, while trying to appear calm and collected.  
Cameron was fascinated by the crowd of people in their evening wear, and the bright lights dancing on the walls all around them.  His technical mind wondered how the lights were programmed and how the hardware was wired to create musically timed art amongst the windows.  He lagged behind as he was distracted by the view, causing Talia to circle back.
“Could you pick up the pace please?” she said as she took his arm.  “We need to get out of here.  We stand out too much.”
Then it started.  Talia heard a woman a few feet away.  
“Hey, isn’t that the new Russian President over there?”  
A crowd immediately began to gather.  Talia had experienced the phenomenon.  Europeans were fascinated with politicians.  They hounded them like royalty, much more than in the U.S.  Even ambassadors or parliament members were fair game.  Eduard Sokolovsky was one of those celebrities.  He was known across Europe already, but now he was President.
“This way,” Leonid said.  "Isn't that Prince Harry?" he yelled at the crowd, which immediately began looking around for real royalty as the group slipped away.
He led them to the door at the opposite end of the entry area which encompassed the building, and walked them casually into the street beyond.  The aquatic yacht fire was still burning in the old harbor.  The police were talking with people on the street.  The fire fighters were working to extinguish the flames.  There were men in reflective coats directing people around the debris in the road.  What a mess.
Fortunately, the crowd did not follow the group, choosing to either watch the fire or wait for the concert once they discovered that Prince Harry was not in the house.  Talia waved down a taxi, and they rode in silence the short way back to Vatnstiggur.  
The group made their way to Eduard’s apartment.  Cameron popped the thumb drive into his laptop.  He tapped keys for a minute.  Then he sighed, took his coat off and threw it on the sofa.
He turned and looked at the expectant faces.  “It’s encrypted.”
“Well of course it is,” Talia snarked.  “Why would anything be simple?  Back to square one.  We don't have time for this.”
“I didn’t say that I can’t decode it, I just need a little time,” he snapped.  “I’ll figure it out.  It doesn’t look that difficult.  Calm down and let me take care of it.”
“I guess he told you,” Tyrell teased.  
“Shut up,” she snapped at Tyrell.  “Who asked you?”
“Could we please play nice while Mr. Walker helps us save my granddaughter?” Eduard asked.
Eduard was right.  The petty squabbling brought on by long hours, running all over the place, and not getting enough sleep needed to stop.  There was more at stake than what happened in Reykjavik.  Anya was being held hostage somewhere, and she could be killed.  They had no reason to believe that the Alder Nation would bluff in their demands to not notify the police or any agency.  The bottom line was that they had to find her daughter, and they had to do it quickly.
Time dragged.  Leonid, Tyrell and Eduard stared at TV, while Talia turned things over in her mind.  How could Percival have known the exact moment to blow up the yacht, and how did he know they were in Reykjavik at all?  The whole thing gnawed at her.  He stayed one step ahead somehow.  There were missing pieces, but what could they be?  What secret did the Alder Nation possess about her family that allowed them to know exactly what they were doing and where all the time?
 Cameron didn't speak to anyone while he focused on decoding the encrypted programming on the drive.  He gave no updates, leaving Talia feeling anxious.  He knew how much danger Anya was in, and he was aware that terrorists were not patient.  He worked as fast as possible.  
Talia noticed the sun was starting to come up and the sky was lightening, as she realized that she had not slept.  In a way she was thankful, because it was the first night in months that she hadn’t had her dream.  She felt her eyelids become heavy.  She was starting to lose the battle with sleep when she was suddenly snapped back into consciousness.
“I got it!” Cameron yelled.
She jumped up and joined the others at his side.  “What’s on it?”
“It’s the remote operating software,” he announced.  “Now I can counteract the loop.  We should be able to track him the next time he calls.”
“That is what you thought last time,” Leonid noted.
“Look, all I can do is hack and counter his programming.  It’s a technology war.  That’s how it works," he snapped.  "Hopefully this time I’ll be one step ahead of him.  All I have to do is reprogram the phone again, and we’re ready for his next call.”
“We have to wait,” Talia groaned.  “He must be enjoying this.  I feel like he could squash us like bugs anytime he wants.  I hope he thinks I'm dead.”
“Why don’t you go to your apartment and get some sleep or take a nap in my room?” Eduard offered.
“I can’t sleep,” she said.  “Thanks anyway.  I need to go somewhere.  I can’t sit anymore.”  She looked at Tyrell.  “Let’s go out.”
“What if he calls?” Tyrell asked
“I have my phone.  They can call me,” she said.  “We won’t go far, I promise.  We'll take a walk along the water.  It’s right across the road."
Talia had a lot of anxious energy to burn off.  The sun was up, casting a pink glow over the city.  The flashing lights of the emergency services were finally gone from the old harbor.  Local fishing boats were headed out for their morning shifts.  She had never been a morning person, but the calm before rush hour was relaxing.  She jogged along the shore for a bit, until she reached the Sun Voyager, a monument designed for the country's anniversary that looked a bit like a Viking ship.  She stopped and gazed out across the harbor at the aging volcanic hills on the other side.
Tyrell caught up with her.  “I’m missing something,” she announced.
“Like what?” he asked.
She stared at the water.  “How did Percival know I was on that yacht?  That bomb was intended for me.  I know that.  How did he know that I would be there at that exact time?”
“I think you’re looking for something conspiratorial.  There must have been a live camera you didn’t see.  They're tiny, and it was dark.  He guessed we were in Iceland, but that’s not difficult.  All he needs is GPS and a phone.”
“That yacht was here before we were,” she said.
“We’ve come here for years for family visits,” he commented.  “Even your mom came here to visit with you and Anya years ago.  It’s not actually a secret.”
“When was the last time you talked to my mother?” she asked  “Is she okay?  Does she know anything about this?  I don't want to worry her.”
"I may work for you, but I’m always going to be loyal to your mom first," he said.  "If she wants to tell you anything, she’ll do it herself.  I answer any questions she asks me.  I can't lie to her.”
“I worry that if she gets dragged into this, it could drive her over the edge," she said.  "You know how she is.  I don't want to be responsible for her falling apart again.”
“I do know how she is," he scoffed.  "I talk to her every day.  You, on the other hand, never call her.  You should get to know her a little better, and see what I see.  She'd surprise you.”
“She’s been in her house for twenty years,” she groaned.  
“You're an expert on terrorism, separatists, and security; and you're worldly, but you can't see the forest for the trees,” he commented.  “You’re not half the woman or nearly as tough as your mom.”
Talia stared at him.  “What do you mean by that?”
“Just because your mom doesn’t go out much, doesn’t mean that she doesn’t know as much or more about the world as you,” he scolded her.  “She’s well informed, and well connected for a hermit, as you call her.  She doesn’t spend as much time at home as you think either.  She doesn't tell you most of the time when she goes out, because you smother her, and she doesn't want to upset her precious daughter.  She prefers to remain anonymous because of paparazzi.  Do you think she’s ever stopped looking out for you?  You're her only child.  I never told you this, but I took this job as a favor to her.  She was afraid for you after what happened in Russia.  She said that I was one of the few people in the world that she trusted.  She asked me to take care of her only baby.  I was flattered, and didn't want to disappoint her, so I took the job.
“She agreed with you, you know," he said.  "She agreed that Percival wasn’t Muslim and was probably Russian or at least Slavic.  She wanted me to take everything you kept from that marriage and destroy it.  She believed that your past with Dmitri would put you in danger.  I never understood it, but I honored it.  She knows things in an almost mystical way.  Never underestimate your mom.  She has connections and can accomplish things that you never imagined.”
Talia had always seen her mother as a crazy hermit who ran and hid from the press in the wilds of western Connecticut.  “You’re giving her credit for things that she doesn’t pay attention to.”
“She pays attention,” he told her.  “You should listen to her.  Your vision is somewhat skewed, because you are so close to the subject matter.  She knows things that you don’t.  You should give her a chance.”
“Whatever,” she mumbled.
"Your mom has been studying your situation for years and can help you," he said.  "If you listen to her.  I mean it.  She knows things about the Alder Nation.  She may know where they're headquartered.  She mentioned it last week, probably by accident.  She doesn't tell me as much as I would like.  She didn’t want to say much, because it was only a guess, and we were talking on an open line. She thought someone was listening.”
“Give me your phone," she ordered.  "If she really has information that can help me with Percival, then she needs to tell me.  Otherwise, she's just being paranoid and needs to call her therapist.”
“She’s not home,” he said.  "Call her cell."
“Clarissa Anderson is always home,” she scoffed.
“James went to her room to bring her breakfast three days ago, and she was gone.”
Talia wanted to scream, because James, her mother's personal assistant, was the person that she contacted to check up on her mother behind her back, and he'd lied to her.
"Go on," she grimaced.
“James found a note on her pillow that said she'd gone to help her daughter.  I talk to her every day.  She won’t tell me where she is," he explained.  "She’s been sneaking out of the house for years.  She gets cabin fever.  It makes James crazy when she goes missing, but she would fire him if he told anyone but me.”
“Did she do that when you were working for her?” she asked.
“She took me with her,” he replied.  “I never told her what to do or treated her like a child.  We've always had a rather special relationship.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Because she asked me not to.”
“You're much closer than I thought.”
“I suppose we are.” he replied.  
Talia saw a look of longing in his eyes and realized that she had never noticed that before.  He was in love with her mother.  In all the years she’d known him, that had never occurred on her.  
“You love her,” she said.  “Why haven't you ever told her?”
"I’ve always loved her, but she’s totally out of my league.  Working for her is as close to her as I could ever hope to get,” he replied.  “She’s like royalty.  She’s perfect, and she’s every bit as famous as a Kennedy.  I could never even dream of living in her world, except as an employee.”  His phone suddenly began to ring.  “Hello?  We’re on our way.”
“Now what?”
“That was Mr. Walker.  Percival is on the phone.  It’s time to go back to work.”
“Why?” she asked.  "Percival thinks I'm dead."
“Percival asked to talk to you,” he replied.
Talia turned and stormed away.  “That bastard should have thought I was dead, but he knows I’m alive.  How does that asshole know?  I can’t take this anymore!” she ranted.  “For all I know he’s kidnapped my mother along with my daughter!  Cameron had better be able to find him, so I can kill the son of a bitch!"
The Terrorist's Game
Part XXV
"I have a strange combination of fearlessness and massive insecurity."
-Penny Marshall

Talia and Tyrell burst into Eduard’s apartment mere minutes after receiving Cameron’s call.  Talia snatched the phone from Cameron and thrust it toward her ear.  She was out of breath, emotionally off balance, and exhausted; but most of all, she was angry.
“You’d better still be there you son of a bitch!” she yelled.  She waited.  “Is he still on here?” she asked Cameron, gasping to catch her breath.
The voice was synthesized.  It sounded like the male voice on a robocall, but murkier.  It was impossible to tell whether it was human or entirely electronic.  She guessed it was a man, but she wasn't entirely convinced of it.  
“Hello, Widow Sokolovsky,” the monotone voice said.  “We finally speak.  I have looked forward to this conversation these many years.  It is sad that we have only communicated through your father in law.  But, this is no time for small talk.  This is your question and answer session.  Do you have questions?”
She didn’t speak.  She watched Cameron working at his laptop tapping away at the keys.  He looked at her, and made a gesture for her to keep him on the line.  She thought carefully before speaking.  She didn’t want to cause him to hang up, so she knew she couldn't speak her mind.
“Is Anya all right?” she asked.
“Yes.”
“Why the yacht?” she asked.  
Eduard stared at her, jaw hanging wide open.
“Subtlety is not your strong suit,” the voice said.  “If you must know, it was for my amusement.  I knew you would doubt things you know are true, and you would go to the harbor.  Why you thought I was in Reykjavik is beyond my sphere of comprehension.  I see there were no injuries.  Such a waste of security measures.”
“How do you know that?” she asked.  "And that's what you call plastique? A security measure?  You nearly blew up Harpa." 
“Divulging information to you and yours would change the game.  I will not give you and your family that advantage.  I follow an unflinching strategy, and I employ some of the best technical staff in the world.  I have far more money at my disposal than an established government.  I would think that you would appreciate that.”
“How did you know I survived that explosion!” she yelled.  “How did you know we all survived, unharmed?”
“After all these years, you should have figured that out” the voice said.  “I thought you were a more formidable opponent.  I may have overestimated your intelligence and possibly underestimated you emotions.”
The voice struck a nerve with its comment on her IQ and emotions.  She was certain that it was intentional, and it felt all too familiar.  Her reaction was automatic and uncontrolled, despite what she knew it should be.
“Where’s my daughter!” she yelled.
“Safe,” the voice taunted her.
“Where’s my mother!” she screamed.
“Your mother?” the voice replied.  “Why would I know where your mother is?  Is she not hiding in her mansion in Kent?”
Talia and Tyrell shot each other a look.  No one knew where her mother lived, except close friends and family.  Cameron gave her the thumbs up, indicating he had found the location that they all so anxiously wanted to know.
“When do I get Anya back?” she demanded.
"Never," the voice said, calmly.  “She is mine now.  Do not seek her.  There is no ransom.  I wish for her to stay with me.  And your mother can stay far away from me.  Your mother is a danger, both to herself and others.”  There was a small pause.  “Do you have any further questions?”
Cameron was smiling at her.  He knew something.  She could tell.  
“I have one more question,” she said.
“Yes?” the voice replied.
“When I find you, and I will…” she began. Her voice became low and throaty as hatred oozed up from her soul.  “How would you like me to kill you?”
Everyone in the room gaped at her in disbelief. Leonid signaled her to end the call by waving his hand across his throat repeatedly.  She wasn't listening to any advice.  She had waited for years to talk one on one with Percival.  She had so many things to say, and she wanted to get as many of them out as she could before he hung up.  She didn't care how anyone felt after hearing that her daughter was never to be returned.  She was pissed.
“I have died many times, in many ways,” he stated.  “This time, just shoot me.”  Then,  he disconnected.
Cameron took the phone from her hand and patted her shoulder, as she sat on a chair and stared blankly into space, shaking.  “He's a sick bastard.”  
“Tell me that after I put up with that whole God awful conversation, you know where the prick is,” she snapped.
“I do,” he grinned.  “I’ve got him this time.  I know exactly where he is, and considering the history of the situation, I'm guessing he'll stay there.”
“Where is he?” Eduard ordered.  “We do not have time to waste playing games.  We must move now.”
“He’s in Ukraine, like I thought,” he said.  “It’s spelled, l-v-i-v.”
Leonid and Eduard shot each other looks.  
“What?” Talia asked.
“Do you remember?” Eduard asked her.
She glared at him.  “Of course I remember.  Lviv is where Dmitri was murdered.  Let's go.  We're wasting time.  He intends to keep my daughter.  I've got news for him.”  She walked toward the door so that she could go and pack her things.
“Wait,” Leonid said.  “We need a plan.  Dmitri was killed, because he had no plan."  He looked at Cameron.  “If we get closer to Lviv, can you track him to an exact location, yes?”
“I have the address now,” he replied.  “If that’s what you had in mind.”
Eduard looked at Cameron. “What is the address?”
“It says house #4.  It’s on Rynok Square,” he replied.
Eduard and Leonid gaped at one another.  “That was my family ancestral home,” Eduard said.  “I believe it is a museum presently.”
“House #4?  Rynok Square?” Talia asked, remembering her dream with the black house.
“That’s what this says,” Cameron reiterated.
“It is the black stone house,” Eduard explained.  “It stands out, because nothing on the square resembles it.  It is truly unique.”  He pointed to the photo on the wall.  "That house."
The house in the photo was the one she dreamt about.  “That one?" she asked, pointing to the photo.  "With white colored carvings over the doors and windows?  And hard wood floors and carved stairways?”
“How could you know that?” Eduard gasped.
“How do you know that?” Cameron asked her.
She looked around the room and back to Cameron.  “I saw it in a dream.  The building even said 'museum' over the door.”  She watched the color drain from Cameron's face.  “Now, if you'll excuse me, I’m going to pack.”  She left Eduard's apartment and slammed the door behind her, leaving four confused men behind.
The group took off from Keflavik International Airport in separate planes, enroute to Krakow, Poland.   Eduard felt that Percival and his group might track them flying to Ukraine, and Talia and the others agreed.  They had no idea what technologies the Alder Nation had that they weren't aware of.  They knew that they needed to approach the situation carefully, or they could endanger Anya.  No one wanted that.
From Krakow, they would drive to avoid being tracked.  A road vehicle was the most difficult mode of transportation to track, especially if they didn't buy it, and secrecy was their best weapon.  It was approximately 150 miles from Krakow to Lviv, but even Eduard had never driven across southern Poland.  Talia studied maps during the flight.  Lviv was in the foothills of the Carpathian Mountains.  Their route, the A4, would be mostly rural accept for small cities such as Tarnow and Rzeszow on the way.  The A4 led directly to Lviv and Percival's lair.
Cameron was still hyper focused on his laptop when they entered European airspace.  He stood up and stretched as well as he could in a Lear Jet to work out the kinks from remaining hunched over a computer for too long a time.  Stretching in a plane was uncomfortable, because of his large frame.  He was exhausted and wondered if he would ever sleep again.  He couldn’t remember the last time he’d slept.  He had spent the entire flight working to find out more about Percival and the Alder Nation.  He wanted to know as much as possible before finding himself in the middle of a confrontation with one of the world's most notorious separatist groups.  
There wasn’t much information about the group available, and they had no platform or cause, whatsoever that he could find.  Most separatist groups had a list of goals or a mission statement of some kind.  Most of the mantras were ridiculous, but the Alder Nation had no publicly defined issues.  They wanted to be in charge of Russia.  That was their entire premise.  They preached the importance of a single defined ruler.  They didn’t believe in Parliaments or Congresses.  They wanted a dictator for Russia, and apparently that was to be Percival via Eduard.  They had an impressive following, but he had no idea how they convinced people to join.  
"He must be one hell of a cult of personality," he thought.
Cameron came from the back of the cabin where he was working and pulled up a chair next to Talia, at her computer, where she sat and twisted her wedding band.  He watched her expression.  There was more hate welling up in her face than anyone should feel.
He put his hand on her shoulder.  “How are you holding up?”
She looked over her shoulder at him.  How could she tell him that she was at her last straw?  She was worried about her daughter and exhausted, but she didn't want to dream.  She wanted it to end.  She wanted to dress up in designer pink and go to a cocktail party, which was her stress relief.  She wanted to hug her daughter and take her home.  She wanted to drink Margaritas and dance the night away on a cruise while Anya was safe with Tyrell and Michael.  Dreams.
“I’ll be all right when it's over,” she said.
“Driving will take a lot of time,” Cameron said.
“Percival will have people watching the airport in Lviv.  There's Kiev, Krakow, or Minsk, all roughly equidistant.  Krakow is in Poland, and the only country in that group without strong ties to the Russians.  They still use old Soviet connections to monitor movement within the old Union.  Poland is the key.  That could give us an edge,” she explained.  “It’s roughly 150 mile drive and a border crossing.”
“Will it be hard to cross the border?” he asked. 
“There shouldn't be a problem,” she told him.  “There have been some smuggling issues along the border, but we won’t be driving a big truck, so we shouldn't arouse any suspicions.  It should be a passport wave and in.”
“What will we drive?” he asked.
“I don’t know,” she replied.  “I mapped the route; Eduard makes arrangements for a vehicle.  It’s fall, so an SUV in case it snows in the mountains.  We'll figure it out.”
Cameron hadn't thought about snow.  He was used to the Pacific Northwest where snow was on the mountain tops.  One more unknown in a whole adventure full of them.  His head hurt from all the new information it was trying to process.  He learned things easily, but it was all a bit overwhelming.
“Snow?” he asked.  “Already?”
“Are you okay?” she asked him.
“It’s a lot to take in,” he explained.  “I was always inside before.  I’ve never left the country until now.  Hell, I’d never flown before I went to New York.”
"I didn’t realize how sheltered you’ve been,” she said.  “But, we’re all seasoned professionals. This is a tricky situation, but not impossible to solve.  We each have distinct talents.  Together we can do anything.”
“Can you catch Percival?” he asked.
“Sure,” she smiled.  “As long as you can point the way."
"Deal," he smiled.  “There’s something about you, Talia Anderson.  Something that makes me want to help you and take care of you.  I hope I can do that.”
“You’re doing a great job so far,” she told him. "I’m going to bite the bullet and try to sleep.”   She lay down on the sofa by the opposite window.  “Wish me luck.”

The Terrorist's Game
Part XXVI
"You can't be brave if you've only had wonderful things happen to you."
-Mary Tyler Moore

As Talia dreamt, she crossed Rynok Square in Lviv, passing a sign that announced its name.  The carnival was loud and music played in the background.  There were people roaming everywhere.  She looked over her shoulder to see Cameron yelling something to her.  The ring she twisted on her hand was not her wedding ring, but instead black and shiny.  Why was it a different ring?  She crossed the square and walked to the black stone house, reached out and turned the knob on the door, and entered.  
She entered an office.  The door opened.  Dmitri walked in.  They argued, he smiled, and turned into a giant red serpent.  She pulled out a gun, took aim, but then she fell to the floor.  Someone else fired a shot.  She woke with her usual blood curdling scream.  Cameron jumped to her side.  She woke to find him hovering over her and realized she had screamed again.
“I’m sorry,” she said.  "Why do I do that?"
Cameron put his arm around her shoulders.  “It’s okay.  Maybe we can put an end to the dream when we put an end to Percival.”
“God, I hope so, but why does it keep changing?” she queried.  "It used to be the same each time."
“Changing?” Cameron exclaimed.  "What do you mean, changing?"
“I used to play with my wedding ring as I walked across the town square in my dream,” she explained.  “It's called Rynok Square, by the way.  I saw it this time, which was different.  And this time I was wearing a completely different ring.  I'm always wearing my wedding ring.  And also, this time I fall to the floor and someone else shoots him.  It’s weird.  Why is it changing?”
“I don't know.  Who kills him?” he asked.
“I have no idea,” she answered.  "I woke up."
Cameron had an epiphany.  The wedding ring.  The Alder Nation knew exactly where Talia was every minute of every day.  How was that possible?  Percival may have been a friend of Dmitri’s that had turned on him.  Dmitri worked for the Detective Administration for several years, and they had devices for monitoring people.  He couldn't believe that he hadn't thought of the one thing that followed her everywhere she went.  Her wedding ring.
“The wedding ring,” he said to her, pointing at her right hand.
“What about it?” she asked, covering her ring and staring at him, confused.
“That has to be it,” he said.  “Give it here.  I need to look at it.”
“I’ve worn this ring since my wedding day,” she snapped.  “I've never taken it off.  Why on Earth would I take it off now?”
“You need to take it off so I can examine it,” he told her.  He saw the disgusted look on her face.  “I think there's a tracking device in it.  Give it here.”
“Have you lost your mind?” she snapped.  "That's outrageous!  Why would anyone do that?"
“We’ve all wondered how Percival tracks you,” he snapped back.  “The only thing that you’ve had on your person constantly all these years is that ring.  It's the only constant in all of this.  You've all changed phones, clothes, everything except that ring.  He was a friend of Dmitri’s right?”
“Yes,” Talia replied.  "So?"
“If for some reason Dmitri decided to track you, and Percival knew about it, then he could have tracked you all these years,” he surmised.  “Percival may have known about the ring if they were truly friends.  You’ve been a grieving widow all this time, and that may have made it convenient for him to follow every step you take.  Ironically, if you’d moved on, he wouldn’t have been able to track you, if I'm right about it.”
Talia stared at the ring.  It could be the reason that she’d never been able to catch Percival.  Her ring could be keeping him one step ahead of her.  The one thing that she cherished more than any item in her world, could be the one reason that she couldn't win against the Alder Nation.  She didn't want to believe it.  	
“How would it work?” she asked.  “If it had batteries, it would have died years ago.  I take a shower with it on every day.  Wouldn't it short circuit or something?  How could it work after all this time?”
“Motion generated, like the old Swiss watches,” he said.  “That's the only way I know to keep something working perpetually.  As long as you keep moving, it keeps generating power.  There's no need to change batteries, and it's probably water proof.”
Cameron saw that she was about to burst into tears as she handed him the ring.  “I'm sorry.  I don't mean to upset you.  This is not a bad thing.  This could be the discovery that tips the scales and it's right under our noses.  I don't want it to be true, but nothing else makes sense.  This could be a game changer.”
He took the ring to the computer desk where Talia had been sitting throughout the flight, examining maps.  He turned on the desk lamp and aimed it directly over the ring and his hands.  He turned it over in his hands a few times.  It wasn’t a typical piece of jewelry.  It weighed nothing in his hands, and it wasn’t small.  It should have weighed more for its size.
“Could you do me a favor?” he asked.
She wondered what he was seeing, because she had been wearing the ring for almost two decades, and it had never occurred to her that there might be something abnormal about it.  “Sure.  What?”
“Could you grab the tool kit in my bag and bring it here?”
How could she have worn a ring all those years and never known that it was a tracking device?  Why would anyone do that?  Talia started to think that she hadn’t known Dmitri at all.  How could she have been so oblivious?  She should have remembered feeling like a piece of property.  How had he managed to do it?  It had never been away from her.  That ring had been on her hand since they took their vows all those years ago.
Cameron was opening her eyes to things that she should have see decades before.  The only question for her was whether or not she should hate him for making it all clear.  She supposed she should be grateful instead of angry for the information.  Maybe now that she was realizing what her life was actually like behind her back, she could finally get on with her life.  She grabbed the tool bag and handed it to Cameron.
“What do you think?” she asked.  "Is it a tracking device?"
“I think it's ingenious,” he announced.  “You’re absolutely sure that you’ve not taken this ring off for any reason since you got married?”
“I’m certain,” she answered.  She wanted to cry.  She didn't want him to be right about her ring.
“Brace yourself,” he advised.
“Sure,” she mumbled.  "Like that will help."
Cameron picked up a tiny screwdriver and the ring.  He placed the screwdriver blade into a tiny, virtually unnoticeable seam in the inside of the ring.  He twisted it, and the ring snapped into two pieces.  Inside was tiny wiring.  There was no doubt that ring the was a device.  What kind of device, remained to be discovered.
“It's delicate, but very high tech," Cameron said.  "This is impressive for being nearly twenty years old.  It was way ahead of its time."
Talia’s eyes filled with tears.  It was true.  Her husband had done this to her.  He had actually tampered with her wedding ring to keep track of her.  He never trusted her.  She wondered why.  She was as honest as anyone could possibly be.  She never lied to him.  Dmitri must have known Percival well enough to let him in on it.  The Alder Nation must have known about it and used it to track her all these years.  Every perception that she had was wrong.  Her entire marriage shattered before her eyes as she stared at the inside of her own wedding ring.  Lies, all lies.  Nothing was real anymore, except that she needed to rescue her daughter.
“Talia, I’m so sorry,” he said sympathetically.  "I wanted to be wrong."
He tried to put his arm around her shoulders, but she pulled away.  “This is it?” she sobbed.  “This is what my marriage was about.  Dmitri didn’t love or even trust me.  He told Percival about it, but not me.  He lied to me about so much!  I was such a fool.  I didn’t know him at all.”
Cameron hated seeing her like that, and it made him angry, but they had no time to dwell.  
“I hate to say this, but knock it off.  You found out that you were duped by your own husband.  Watch a Lifetime Movie.  You’re not alone," he said.  "You have a daughter to think about.  You’re one of the smartest people I’ve ever met, and you’re the only person in the world that can best Percival.  Now that you’ve discovered you’re being tracked, you have an edge, so pull yourself together, and let’s get on with it.”
Talia was impressed.  No one had ever talked to her like he did.  Had she met him years ago, this might have ended years ago.  So much wasted time, that she spent hiding in her own bubble, just like her mother would.  She had ultimately been behaving like a spoiled child her entire life.  It was time she woke up, grew up, and cleaned up the mess that was the Alder Nation.  It was time for her to be in control.  This man and his henchmen had done enough to her family.  It was time for her to end it.
The speaker from the cockpit came on.  “Prepare for landing at John Paul II International Airport.”
"What?" Cameron asked.
"Krakow," she replied.  She took winy wire cutters from Cameron’s tool kit.  “It’s time Percival quit tracking me.”
He cringed as she snipped wires.  “Now he knows that it’s not working.  I thought we would make him think that we were in a different location by leaving it somewhere.  Now he'll know that there’s something wrong.  He’ll be looking over his shoulder for you.”
"Good," she scoffed.  "I hope the bastard loses sleep, and it gives him nightmares.  Payback."
Twenty minutes later, Talia, Cameron, and Tyrell joined Eduard and Leonid in a private hangar reserved for charter flights and clandestine meetings.  Eduard walked up to her and hugged her tight, causing her to lose her breath for a second.
“What was that all about?” she asked him.
“I was afraid,” he replied.  “Your mother called a few minutes ago, as we were about to land, because she thought something awful had happened to you.  I am so relieved that she was mistaken.”
“My mom?” she exclaimed.  "She called you out of the blue and thought that something awful happened to me.  Why would she do that?"
Cameron immediately followed her thoughts.  “Talia, you don’t know that this has any connection…”
“Bullshit!” she yelled.  “Apparently everyone but me knows about the ring.  Why does anything she does surprise me?”
“What ring?” Eduard asked.
“My wedding ring was a tracking device,” Talia snapped.  "I thought Dmitri did it, but I guess I was wrong.  It was mother."
“I thought you knew about that,” Tyrell said.
She turned to Cameron.  “See, I told you!  Everyone knew that I was being spied on!  I feel like a petulant teenager!”  She walked away.
“Where do you think you’re going?” Cameron called after her.  "We have work to do.  We can deal with this later."
She didn’t look back at them.  “I don't care!  Everything can wait.  I’m going outside to call my fucking mother right now!”


The Terrorist's Game
Part XXVII
"The trick in life is learning how to deal with it."
-Helen Mirren

Clarissa was delighted that Talia was to marry the son of Eduard Sokolovsky, Russian Ambassador to America, until she heard that Dmitri worked for the Detective Administration.  She had long since wanted her daughter to settle down with a nice man who would take care of her and the family that they would have together, but Clarissa changed her opinion about the matter immediately when that information surfaced, because she didn't want Talia marrying a spy.
Clarissa Anderson had her reasons for the misgivings about the idea of her daughter spending a lifetime with a man who worked for the Detective Administration.  She had only loved one man in her life, Talia’s father, Benjamin Wentworth.  Benji, as she referred to him, was a field agent in the CIA.  He was a larger than life man at six and a half feet tall, broad shoulders, dark brown hair often worn in a mullet, always pictured in uniform or a tee shirt and jeans.  Talia didn’t know much about him, beyond the pictures, because it was painful for Clarissa to discuss him.  
Her mother's house was littered with pictures of her father, but none with both her mother and father.  She always wondered why they were never pictured together.  Given her mother's status with the press, she always thought that there should have been dozens of photos of the two of them on red carpets and at other fancy gatherings.  Her mother never mentioned the lack of photos of the two of them and she never talked much about the ones that only pictured him.  She knew that the two were scheduled to be married at a tiny church in the center of Kent, Connecticut that sat about 40 people and looked like it fell off of a New England postcard, but Benji never arrived for the ceremony.  He disappeared while on assignment in an undisclosed location right before the wedding.  
Clarissa had been so devastated that she never dated again.  She didn't leave Kent, but she retired from the movie business and spent most of her time at her estate there.  Her mansion was an interesting combination of luxury and enormity paired with rusticity and farm couture.  Her massive South Kent estate was built into the side of the top of a hill that was nearly tall enough to be a mountain, overlooking the Housatonic River and a recreation area called Bull's Bridge.  It was a ranch style in the front, but with several sections and in the back were three stories of hillside beauty with terraces on every level.  She had a switchback driveway that led up to the house and the 6 car garage at the top.  She had a pool that was inside of a rustic style barn, so she could use it year round and an English garden that she spent time in almost every day during all seasons, but winter.  
That was where Clarissa spent her time, ignoring the world, and that was the place that Talia hated the most as she saw her mother's estate as her prison.  She called her mother once in a while, but she virtually never visited.  She hated her mother's home too much to go there, as it aroused nothing but bad and sad feelings each and every time she saw the place.
Talia was determined to marry Dmitri despite her mother's trepidations, and threatened to disown Clarissa if she didn't accept their union.  The only living blood relative that Clarissa Anderson had was her daughter, so the threat worked.  As a result, even though the woman hadn’t left her home for over ten years, she went to Moscow for her daughter's wedding.  Tyrell, who was Clarissa's personal assistant at the time, had flown her there in her pink Lear Jet.  Years later, she had bought an identical plane in an updated model for her daughter to use with her international lifestyle, saying that commercial flights were too dangerous.  Public spaces frightened the aging starlet, because she came from the time of international hijackings and random bombings.  She saw the actions of the earlier terrorist groups as the sole reason that her life was derailed.
The Church of St. Barbara was a beautiful Russian Orthodox Church not far from the Kremlin, but small and out of the way which Talia preferred.  The church allowed the ceremony to be Uniate, instead of Russian Orthodox, even though the two were quite similar, and it made no difference to Talia, who had merely made arrangements to convert in order to satisfy her intended's family. She had worn her mother's unused wedding dress for the ceremony, resized for the slight differences in their stature.   Eduard had walked her down the aisle.  She remembered every second of that day.  It seemed so long ago.  Had it really been almost seventeen years?
She paced the tarmac outside the charter hangar at John Paul II Kraków-Balice International Airport.  Cameron followed her, irregardless of her trying to walk away from him.  She was annoyed with the whole mess that was her current life.  She didn’t want be manipulated by anyone anymore.  She convinced herself that she didn’t want to know how many people were monitoring her movements or for how long.  She had worn that ring for decades.  She felt like a walking locator beacon pinging out into the night.  She felt violated and exposed.  The concept that multiple people could have been following her every movement for decades was frightening.
She had been honored when her mother agreed to come for the festivities during the week of her wedding all those years ago.  Clarissa made her feelings clear, yet accepted the fact that her daughter was marrying a Russian spy.  That was her vision of the situation, and she believed that no good would come of their union.  Talia knew that family was most important to her mother, and despite the anguish that she knew it was causing, she was determined to marry Dmitri.  It never occurred to her to listen to her mother's wisdom.  Love is blind some say.  And sometimes, hind sight is 20/20.
Her mother joined her in Moscow one week before the wedding to help with the final details.  her taste was impeccable and her pockets were bottomless, therefore, if Talia wanted something, money was no object.  If nothing else, her mother could give her the perfect wedding that she was never able to enjoy in her own  right.  Her daughter would have what she once missed out on, and had never sought again.  Clarissa made her daughter's wedding the affair which she had never fully realized for herself.
Talia’s college roommate, Peggy Meyer was the maid of honor, and she brought half a dozen sorority sisters from NYU with her.  The whole group, including Clarissa had spent that week putting the finishing touches on the wedding.  They went to the GUM shopping in the early days of the foreign influx with only a couple of American designers to choose from.  Natalia Valevskaya was one of the hottest Russian designers at that time, and she had an entire collection of formal wear that was suited for royalty.  Peggy, who also had red hair and was a bit thicker than the rest of the girls, convinced Talia to go against her usual pink and have the entire wedding party in black, white and royal blue.  It was a beautiful, elegant wedding topped off with red and white roses and a small audience.
Clarissa had been anxious and edgy that entire week.  She insisted on wearing a scarf over her face every time she went out in public, because she was afraid that paparazzi would stalk her and ruin her baby's pre wedding activities.  She had been in seclusion for many years and she was in Russia at the time, away from the American press that so stalked her, but she still worried about the tabloids and the exposure.  She insisted that she needed to stay in the shadows to make sure that her only daughter was the center of attention.  She believed that every bride should be the center of attention on their wedding day, and she wanted her daughter’s to be the event of a lifetime.
The night before the wedding, Clarissa came to her apartment on the Sokolovsky level of Moscow City Towers, overlooking the soon to be defined financial district from the top floor.  As was the Russian way, the apartment was lavish and modern with none of the subtle elegance that Talia was raised with.  Where in Connecticut there was country chic, in Moscow her daughter was surrounded by gauche appliances and leather furniture.  Wood floors were the style in Kent, but in Moscow it was thick carpet.  Wood and paint in one country became chrome and glass in another.  It was a different world that her daughter had chosen to live in, and one that was terribly nouveau riche.  
When she arrived that night, Clarissa had a box with her.  Talia sat on her sleep number adjustable bed with the black leather and chrome headboard and looked at the box.  When she opened it, she was extremely flattered.  There were two wedding bands inside.  They were a specially designed, one of a kind matching set.  They were silver with red painted inlays.  The woman’s band had red birds enameled on the outside, and the man’s had red stars.  Talia was never a fan of precious gems.  She favored nontraditional jewelry, and one of a kind, meaningful items.  Growing up in the house of Clarissa Anderson, modern American royalty, she learned that money wasn’t everything, even though she had no idea how to live without it.  She stared at the rings.  
“Why birds and stars?” Talia asked.
Talia never forgot her mother’s words.
“They were supposed to be mine and your father's,” she explained.  “Your father was also a spy, as I’ve told you.  The rings were symbolic.  The birds were because I was always flying off somewhere to film movies.  Your father’s had the stars to guide him home.  
”I never told you much about your father, but I loved him.  He was the only man I ever loved.  I’ve never explained what happened. The event that meant you would never know him.  I don’t know much about it.  I didn't ask many questions.  He was gone, and that was all I could handle.  All I actually know is that he never showed up for the wedding, and I never saw him again.  He was killed in St. Petersburg on covert assignment.  I never got to see his body, or have his personal effects, or know where or if he was buried.  It was many years before I even found out where he was when he was killed.  It was as though he never existed.  It leaves an emptiness that I hope you never feel.
“Besides an unworn dress, these rings are the only family heirloom I have to give you on your wedding day.  All the riches in the world can't buy meaning.  It’s the only legacy I have to give.  I had them specially made for our union.  They are one of a kind, created by an artist that your father knew.  He helped to design them especially for me.  I hope that you get more use out of them than I did.
“It’s fitting, don’t you think?  Dmitri is a spy, and you can’t seem to stay home.  Take these symbols.  Wear them.  Let them always remind you to find your way home.”
“Let them always remind you to find your way home.”  Those words stuck in Talia’s head.  She thought that her mother had a sentimental side that day when she gave her the rings.  Now, all these years later, she realized that it was just another way to manipulate her.
Talia took out her phone and stared at it.  She wanted to call her mother and tell her off, but she didn't know what to say.  As she thought, she could only feel hurt.  Betrayal was a pain that she wouldn't wish on most people.  She stood outside at an airport in a country that she didn't frequent, wondering if her feelings were valid.  If they were valid, were they important enough for her to waste time on.  She had her priorities in front of her, and being angry with her mom was not amongst them.
She stood in the cold and watched Cameron standing off to the side, at the edge of her peripheral vision.  "Why are you following me?"
"I'm worried about you," he replied.  "Is that okay?"
"You never should have come," she answered.  "You have no idea what's going on.  You couldn't possibly understand, and I don't want to talk about it."
She tossed the phone onto the ground and walked away from him.

The Terrorist's Game
Part XXVIII
"Of course, we're all a mass of contradictions."
-Shirley MacLaine

Cameron followed Talia across the tarmac, determined to continue the conversation and understand what was happening in her mind.  Eventually, she spun at him, her vicious eyes piercing through his soul.  He could see an entire lifetime of hurt in her bloodshot eyes filled with tears.  He didn’t know what to do, but he knew it had fallen to him to wrangle her raw emotions and keep her focused on the task at hand.  He had come too far, to let her fall apart now.  It was his idea to come and now it fell to him to keep her eyes on the prize.
“What the hell is going on?” he asked, trying to ignore her gaze.  “You’re acting crazy.  So your mom knew about the ring?  Who cares?  What difference does it make?”
Talia glared at him.  “You don’t get it.”
Cameron didn't flinch.  “You’re right.  I don’t get it.  You’ll have to explain it to me.  You will have to let me in, suck it up and talk to me.”
She stared up at the sky, eyes closed, trying not to cry.  “I would have put the wedding ring away years ago.  If I was that attached to the memory of Dmitri, I would have talked about the ring more often.  I kept my ring, because it was a wedding present from my mother.  She buys planes and houses and expensive stupid gifts.  That was the only time I can remember that she gave me something meaningful.  The rings were supposed to be hers, but my father died before their ceremony.”  She kicked at the ground hard.  “I had no idea she put a tracking device in it.  Why would she do that?  What kind of mother does that?”
“Your mom did this?” Cameron asked, shocked.  “Not Dmitri? Did not see that coming.”
“Dmitri probably never even thought about our wedding bands.  He didn't care about symbols then.  He was into hipster non material crap, and I thought he was incredibly deep.  I can’t believe how young and dumb I was.  I had romantic ideas about changing the world.  I guess I had the cliché rose colored glasses to look through to see him.”  She stared off into the distance.  "I had ideas about everything, and had no idea that none of them would work.  I was so naive.  So stupid, so gullible, so in love that I saw nothing but what I wanted to."
“I would have liked to have known that girl,” Cameron said.  "The idealistic young girl who saw the good in the world.  Not the one that you describe as gullible and stupid.  That hopeful happy woman would have been a great girl to know."
“Who wouldn’t have wanted to know me then?  I must have been the most gullible girl in the world.  You could have talked me into believing anything.  Like believing that my rings held sentimental value to my mom, instead of being something out of a James Bond movie.”
“I doubt that you have ever believed everything you heard.  That doesn't strike me as part of your psyche.  Seems as though you catch every little innuendo; every little sign that appears in your life.  Look, can we go somewhere and talk about all of this?  Can we get away from this airport?  I feel like we're being watched," he said.  "I know it's tough, but given this new information, you or your mom may have information surrounding those rings that can help us find Anya.”
“Anya,” she mumbled.  “Oh my God!  I almost forgot.  God, this is turning me into the world’s worst mother.”  she was exhausted and having trouble thinking straight.  "Let’s check into a hotel in town.  I can’t think anymore.  Eduard has a hotel he uses in Krakow.  I need to rest, or nothing will ever be solved.  Give me a little time to rest and then we can call my mother and find out about that damn ring.  We need to know who knew about the tracking device.”
Tyrell ran up behind them.  “Talia, where are you going?”
She trusted Tyrell.  He was far more loyal than her family deserved.  He had always been there for her mom, especially during the infamous nervous breakdown years.  He went to the hospital every day for months.  He brought Clarissa fresh flowers, her favorite Starbucks drinks, her favorite designer clothes and her makeup.  He made sure that the staff treated her properly, and that she had all of her favorite foods.  He even brought her hairdresser and nail stylist to her regularly.
He picked Talia up at school every day, and took care of her.  He made sure she did her homework, had nutritious meals and went to bed at a decent hour.  He eventually made the arrangements for her to be tutored at home at her mother's request.  Clarissa didn't want Talia to see her in the facility where she stayed during that time, because she was afraid it would upset her, so Tyrell did as she asked.  Every day, he took care of everything for both of them.  Until she met Eduard, he was the closest thing she ever had to a father.  He went to all of her school events and took her clothes shopping.  Before she was incarcerated with tutors, he helped her pick out her prom dress and her prom date.  He drove them to the dance that night, and he waited to drive them to a class party afterward.  He was her body guard and her friend and confidant and guardian.
She smiled at him.  “I’m sorry, Tyrell.  Why do you put up with my family?  Sometimes I think you’ve got to be crazier than me or mom.”
“I’m sure I am,” he said, smiling.  “I don’t know any other way of life after all these years.  It is a privilege to look out for you ladies.  If I don't, who will?  You are family to me.  Now, where are we going?”  He gave her a hug and a kiss on her forehead like a little girl.
She smiled.  "Let's go into the city and figure out what to do next."
The group Ubered their way crammed in a Lada Riva from John Paul II Kraków-Balice International Airport to the centuries' old Imperial Hotel, and rented two suites and a room for Tyrell so he could have some peace and quiet, and a place to get away from the bickering between Cameron and Talia.  The ancient hotel overlooked part of the old town in Krakow.  It had been there for centuries and once catered to kings and emperors.  Eduard had stayed there many times before, like he seemed to have in every major city in Slavic Eastern Europe.  Eduard and Leonid went to their suite upon arrival shortly after the others.  Tyrell decided to go with Talia and Cameron to the two bedroom suite they were sharing.  She had yet to call her mother, but first she needed rest.
Talia went to the window to get some fresh air.  It had been a while since she had been to Eastern Europe.  It smelled like diesel exhaust, and she closed the window after merely a few minutes.  Poland had made enormous strides in emissions and environmental issues over the years, but it still stunk to Talia.  
Long gone were the days when people lived underground in old salt mines like Wieliczka to get away from air pollution, but there was still a bit of a smell in the air.  Some people still purposely lived in controlled environments in the suburbs.  Talia preferred the old world charm of the city center.  The charm of the ancient buildings and cobbled streets was worth the slight aroma of remaining pollution.
She walked away from the window with a tear rolling down her cheek.  She loved Eastern Europe.  It felt like home, but she was conflicted in her feelings.  She hated the area at the moment, because of Percival and the Alder Nation, but it was once a charming place to spend the weekend in her world.
She wanted to scream at her mother, but she didn't want to do it until she had time to think everything through.  She was having a million thoughts per second and it was overwhelming.  The stress was overwhelming that she wanted to sleep but didn't feel that she could.  She was afraid it would be a very short nap.
Cameron didn’t ask why she was crying that time.  He was so tired he could barely think and decided it would wait for another time.  He desperately wanted to help her with her problems, but he was exhausted.  He was no good to her in his current state of mind.  He wanted to lie down somewhere and take a nap.  With a little rest, he felt he could begin to solve her problems, and end her pain.  
Talia saw in his eyes how exhausted he was.  She didn’t start any conversations with him.  They were too tired to discuss deep topics. She went into the kitchenette of the massive two bedroom suite, decorated in a blend of renaissance blue velvet and modern art and appliances.  She sat at the steel and glass dining table in one of the two steel chairs so that Cameron and Tyrell could nap in the living room in velvety soft peace.
Soon, Talia unwillingly fell asleep on the table in the kitchenette.  She dreamed of the awful look on her daughter's face as she left her in Moscow many years ago.  It was so long ago; so many years, but it was the most vivid picture of Anya that resided in her memory.  How could she have ever left her daughter?  Percival had made such awful threats against the family that she had to do what she was told.  
She dreamed of Lviv, walking across the square, listening to calliope music.  It  reminded her of the circus.  Behind her, Cameron yelled at her, saying someone was following her.  She couldn't see anyone that stuck out to her in the massive crowd as either threatening or familiar.
She crossed the street and walked to the black stone house.  She could see the carvings over the door and windows.  She turned the doorknob.  It wasn’t locked.  She went in.  
She stood in an office.  There were animal heads mounted all over the walls.  It was morbid.  She twisted her ring.  It was an Onyx inlay in sterling silver.  Where did it come from?    
She looked up as the door opposite her opened.  Dmitri entered.  She didn’t know what to think.  He was supposed to be dead.  There was an argument, and in the end he turned into a giant serpent.  She pulled out her gun, leveled it and took aim.  Then she heard a voice yell from behind her to get down.  She fell to the floor.  A shot was fired.  There was a thud.  When she stood, the serpent was dead.
She woke up screaming.  Thoughts raced through her mind.  She wanted to know more.  Who killed Dmitri in her dream?  Who fired the fateful shot?  What guardian angel was looking over her and why?  Who followed her through the park that Cameron warned her about?  What did she and Dmitri argue about?  Why did he turn into a serpent in her dream?  Why was she dreaming any of it?
She realized at that point that Dmitri may not ever have loved her.  She was suddenly aware that her mother had been lying to her for years.  Was Percival somehow, other than by investigation, connected to her husband and maybe even her mother?  Anya had been victimized by the demons in the Sokolovsky world, and Talia felt like the worst mother ever.  She told herself some impressive lies years ago when she looked at her life through distorted lenses, and now she was forcing her daughter to pay the price.  However, her mother had told her lies.  Her husband had told her lies.  Tyrell had kept things from her.  There were so many lies that she couldn't keep them straight.  Worse yet, did the lies have any bearing on events in her life?  Maybe they were inconsequential and maybe she was simply having a dream.
Talia was told repeatedly that dreams were insights into the soul, based on longing and desires.  She had consulted dream dictionaries which all said that she was dreaming of betrayal.  That was starting to make sense, but she didn’t understand why Dmitri was the serpent.  Her mother should be the serpent, because she lied to her and tracked her like a criminal for years.  She felt that her mother had betrayed her.  Why would she dream of her husband at all?  He may have betrayed her at some point in time, but it was pointless to think about that now.  Her husband was dead, and had been so for years.

The Terrorist's Game
Part XXIX
"The biggest misconception people have about me is that I'm in control of every situation. I'm rarely in control of any situation."
-Lauren Bacall

Talia shook off the effects of her nightmare as she woke with a start, and looked out the window next to the table.  For some reason, all the old towns and all the market squares looked alike yet different.   Talia had lived in New York for a long time.  For years, she looked out her windows and saw glass and steel skyscrapers.  For New York, that was tradition.  Even though the surrounding businesses had changed from ancient pubs and stables to the Hard Rock Cafe and escape rooms, the buildings in Krakow's old town held onto their old world charm with the new businesses in ancient buildings.  What had once been a center for trade was currently a tourist area, but the churches and cathedrals still stood the test of time.  It was the look more than the feel that appealed to her.  Eastern Europe was home.  It always felt like home with traditions and mainstays that never changes over the centuries.  Things never changed in Eastern Europe no matter how modern their lives became.  New York was fun, but she wanted something else.  America was different and always on the move, running toward the future with businesses and architecture.  She didn't want something better or something worse, just something that appealed to her soul and felt like home.  For her, that was Eastern Europe, and that's why it was home.   
Krakow reminded her of Moscow in its older neighborhoods.  The modern aesthetics of the two cities were different, but the core histories were indelibly tied together by the people who forged the original nations and then fought over them for centuries.  She couldn’t believe how much she missed the old style medieval based architecture and ambience that ran amuck in Eastern Europe and Russia.  Even when Dmitri died, she intended to stay in Russia until Percival made threats and insisted that she leave.  Russia was her chosen home.  She felt connected to it the minute she arrived, and it devastated her to leave.  Being in Krakow made her homesick for Moscow and all that she was forced to leave behind.
She sat in the window and watched people shopping below.  Most were tourists, even though it was late in the season, looking for treasures to haggle over, which was still a widely practiced art.  She could tell the locals from the tourists easily, if only by their shoes.  One thing that could always be counted on in Europe was that Americans stuck out like sore thumbs.  The clothing world had changed over the years in Eastern Europe, but for some reason, Americans still looked different.  She thought that maybe it was because of the way they acted.  They seemed to think that everyone in the world should speak English.  Americans were far more reluctant to learn the local languages than most other travelers.  As she watched the booths out the window, she could tell the Americans by how much they talked with their hands, and their shoes.  Americans wore white sneakers.
Talia looked at her clothing.  She blended in, as she had dressed down a bit from her usual designer style for the most recent part of the trip.  She was European by choice.  She Russian.  Maybe she was born in the United States, but she was meant to be Russian.  Her daughter was Russian.  The man who seemed like her father was Russian.  She belonged there, and Percival had spent the last several years keeping her from her home.  It made her angry, and it was just another reason for her to want to kill him.
Talia heard the Troika playing close to her.  She noticed Eduard’s cell phone on the counter next to her.  She wondered why his phone was in her suite; most likely just by chance, but she was instantly distracted because it was her mother calling.  She answered it.
“Mother?” she exclaimed.
“Talia?” Clarissa asked.  “Thank God.  You didn't call me back.  Didn’t they tell you I called?  Where are you?  Are you okay?  What happened to your ring?”
“I’m fine,” she groaned.  “I smashed that ring.  What the hell did you think you were doing tracking me?  Have you lost what's left of your mind?”
“Now, darling, calm down,” she replied.  "It's not what you think."    
Clarissa didn’t know how to answer her daughter's question.  She had placed a tracking device on Talia in some manner or another since she was a teenager.  Clarissa had always been passive aggressive, and rather than hound her daughter about where she was day and night from the point of adolescence on, she tracked her every move and watched it on Google Maps.  She used apps, tiny devices, listening devices, and whatever she needed to keep track of her daughter.  She never told Talia about it.  Benji had believed that monitoring was for safety, which is where she learned it from.  The rings were designed for Clarissa and her intended husband so that they could know where each other was at all the time.  They lived extremely separate lives, and it made them both feel closer to be able to know exactly where the other was.  
When she gave the rings to her daughter, she was going to Russia to marry a spy.  She needed to know precisely where her daughter was, so that she could get to her and help her if necessary.  Given the kind of work that Dmitri was in and that her beloved Benji had died in that exact line of work, it was the only way she could sleep at night.  How could she explain the horrifying thoughts that go through a mother’s mind when she thinks her daughter is in terrible danger and that she has no idea where she is?  She felt that no real mother would blame her for what she did.
“Well?” Talia demanded.  “Why mother?”
“I was afraid for you, and you were marrying a spy,” she replied.  “Your father was a spy, and he didn't even survive to our wedding.  I was scared, and I was right.  Your husband was killed in the line of duty, and you’ve been haunted by the whole damn thing ever since.  I know you’re in danger right now, and I know my granddaughter is missing.  You’re the only child I have, and I love you, and I mean to protect you and my only granddaughter.”
She knew exactly how her mother felt.  Since Anya went missing, she felt that she had lost the only thing she had left in the world.  There wasn’t anything in the world that felt quite the same as the feeling that you may lose an only child forever.
“Actually, I can appreciate that right now,” Talia said.
“What news is there of my granddaughter?” she asked.  "She is still alive, yes?"
“Yes.  You know Percival kidnapped Anya," she replied.  "We’ve been tracking him, so we can rescue her.  We're still working on the rest.”
There was silence on the line as Clarissa tried to think of something to say.  Her daughter couldn’t go after Percival.  That was a simple fact to her.
“What do you mean; you’ve been tracking him?" Clarissa asked.  "Haven’t you been trying to do that for years?  Hasn’t that always failed?  Maybe you need another plan.”	
“What are you implying mother?" Talia asked, suspiciously.  "Are saying that I’m not capable of rescuing my own daughter?  I won't stop until she's safe.  That you should understand.”
“No, that's not what I meant.  I just thought it was impossible to track him.  You've said that for years.”  
“It seemed impossible, until Cameron came along.”
“Who is Cameron?” she asked.
“Cameron is the computer geek that’s traveling with me,” she announced.  “Long story short, he stumbled into my life at an awkward moment and got dragged into this with me.  However, he’s a computer genius, and he’s helping us decipher Percival’s coding after all these years.  He’s the one who found your tracking device too.  He's very handy at clearing things up.”
She didn't think her daughter would ever catch up to Percival.  “I’m glad you’re making progress, dear.  That's wonderful news after all these years.  Now, why don’t you let the CIA use that information to resolve this once and for all?  Isn't that what we pay taxes for?  Once this is finally over, you and Anya can come and live with me.  And, just for the record, your father had those rings made.  I merely passed them on to you.”
“Is that the truth?” Talia snapped.  "Because this wreaks of you."
“He had them made for us because I was so scared about him dying on a covert assignment.  Ironic huh?  He said that at least I would know he was alive as long as the ring stayed active.  We never even got a chance to try them out.”
“I can understand that,” she conceded.  “But, I’ve done the tracking.  I’m the one who’s had my life ruined by Percival.  He took my daughter.  He killed my husband.  I found him, and I’m going to kill the son of a bitch.  Percival has been tracking me all these years, mother.  You never should have told Dmitri about the rings.”
“What do you mean; you’re going to kill him, and what do you mean, he’s been using the ring to track you?” she queried.  "How could that be?"
“Who knows?  I'm still figuring it all out.  I mean, I know where he is with my daughter, and I’m going to rescue her and kill him."
"I understand that," her mother replied.  "What do you mean, he uses the ring to track you?  How could he know that?"
"There’s no other way he could have been tracking me all these years.  That ring is the only thing I’ve had with me continually, and he always knows exactly where I am.  I’ve had enough.  It never stops and no agency seems to be able to stop him, so I’m going to take care of him myself.  If the Alder Nation works like most separatist groups, eliminating Percival is the key.  Cut the head off the snake, and the snake will die.  It's an old saying but still relevant.”  
Clarissa had horrible thoughts flashing through her mind.  “Where are you right now?” 
“I told you, I’m on my way to kill Percival.”
She couldn’t have that.  “I mean, where are you right this minute?  I know you’re with Eduard.  You need to stop this, calm down and think.  You can't be the one who confronts Percival.”
She heard the urgency in her mother’s voice, but she couldn't guess the exact cause of it.  “Why?”  
“You have to listen to me for once in your life!" her mother snapped.  "You don’t understand what you’re getting yourself into.  You don’t want to do this.  Just this one time, you need to believe me, and do as I say.”
She never listened to her mother.  She was locked away in her own universe most of the time.  
“You know nothing, mother.  This is my field of expertise.  This is what I do, and you're way out of your league," she snapped.  "I have to do this.  I’ll be all right.  I'll be great once this nightmare is over.”
“I’m not scared for your safety,” Clarissa sniffed.
“Then what?” Talia asked, angry and confused.
“I can’t tell you.  You have to trust me," she said.  "Now, where are you?”
“If you don’t explain, then I can’t listen to you,” she snapped.  “I have to rescue my daughter.”
“Don’t hang up!” Clarissa yelled in desperation.  
“What?” Talia said, annoyed.
“Where are you?  Where are you going?” her mother asked.
“I shouldn’t tell you," she snarked.  "It might be too much for you.  It might send you back to the farm.”
“I’m not crackers!" she yelled.  "Now, you tell me, or I’ll find out on my own.”
“Fine.  I’m in Krakow.  I’m going to Ukraine.”
“What’s in Ukraine?”  
“I told you,” she moaned.  “Percival and my daughter.  I’m going there to kill him and take her home.”
The call ended, but she was sure that wouldn’t be the end of it with her mother.  There was never an end of it with her mother.  She didn't trust her mom, but she didn't have time to try and analyze what had just happened.  The one thing that she needed to understand was what the hell her mother could possibly know about her situation, and why she refused to discuss that with her.

The Terrorist's Game
Part XXX
"I know what I do and what it means to me and where its sources lie, and that's mine. It still is mine."
-Meryl Streep

Talia went to the living room, phone in hand.  Cameron watched her out of the corner of his eye as she entered the room.  There was a knock at the door, which Talia silently approached and answered.  Eduard entered the room.  He and Cameron shot each other a look as both of them looked at the phone in her hand.  
“What?” she asked and tossed Eduard his phone.  “I don’t want to know why my mother is calling you.  It's probably best that you don't try to explain that.”
He didn't respond, and he didn’t want to tell her that her mother called him regularly to discuss her.  He didn’t want his daughter in law to believe that he actively spied on her like her mother did.    
Eduard and Clarissa had discussed their lives and families on a regular basis since the wedding of their children.  They were both widowed parents, they got on well, and they became close over the years.  She gave him good advice about his public image and politics that he would have gotten from his wife had she lived.  Talia's mother was a wonderful publicist by default of her years in Hollywood and in the public eye.  Whether it was in the movie business or in Moscow political circles, Clarissa Anderson had good advice for those who needed to speak carefully in public.  She knew exactly how to say something without offending any of the groups who vied for "equal" treatment around the world in the modern era.  Over the years, the two had become close friends and allies in the area of handling their combined families in a dangerous world.
Eduard had long since guessed that Talia would fly off the handle over him talking to her mother, but he felt it was a necessary connection.  He kept up with the happenings in the younger woman's life.  She was like a daughter to him, and he was raising her daughter.  Her mother told him many things over the years to assist him as he tried to relate to both her and Anya.  He was at a loss being male, widowed, and for lack of a better term; a dude.  Talia's mother was his advisor on how to relate to the women in his family.  He and Clarissa would sometimes talk for hours about the girls and the world, but the minute the Alder Nation or Percival was mentioned, she excused herself and got off the line.  He had never decided whether it upset her, or if she was keeping something from him.  She was an enigma to say the least, and he had accepted that as part of her unique personality.  After Talia's discovery of the tracking device in her ring, he wanted to know what her mother's secrets were, and why she would do something like track her daughter, but he didn't want his daughter in law to know of his personal concerns about her mother, he promised to keep them to himself.
“She calls me sometimes,” Eduard replied.
“Sometimes?  How often is sometimes?  Holidays?  Special occasions?  Three paranoid calls a day?  What is sometimes, Eduard?”	
He hesitated for a moment.  “Sometimes.  She calls when she knows that we are to see one another.  She does not like to ask you how you are or get into a deep conversation with you, because you lose your temper with her easily.  Therefore, sometimes she calls me.  We also talk about my public image as it relates to my work.  You are not the only topic of conversation between good friends.”
Talia had always been harsh with her mother when it came to her personal life.  She felt that Clarissa had no right to comment on her personal life, because she was her mother.  She felt that at least she had a personal life; at least she used to.  
She glared at Eduard.  “Why would she call you today?”  
“She was worried when I told her about our granddaughter,” he replied.  
She was furious.  “You told my mother about Anya?  Why on God's green Earth would you do that?  Something like this could kill her!  She's fragile!”
Eduard wondered how she put up with her daughter as independent and bull headed as she was most days.  Since his granddaughter had been kidnapped, she had become entirely impossible to reason with.  
“I informed her that her granddaughter was missing, and presumed to be with the Alder Nation, because I thought that she should know.  You should have told her yourself.  Anya is her only grandchild, as she is to me,” he said.
“I don't think she can handle this," Talia snapped.  "Besides, she didn’t seem to know about it.  Are you sure she understood when you told her?  She takes a lot of meds.”
“She may have decided against mentioning it to you, because of the delicacy of your relationship.  She attempts to participate in your life, however you shut her out.  She tells me that she does not want to push.”
“Push?  That’s not fair!" she exclaimed.  "I don’t want her to have another nervous breakdown.  She's my mother, and I love her.  I hate her, because she pisses me off, but I love her.”
“As much as I cannot decipher that, I believe you do not understand your mother.  You refuse to believe that she has recovered," he told her.  "Her breakdown occurred many years ago when you were but a girl.  She is every bit as strong as you at present, maybe stronger.  You should let her help you.  She is amazingly capable of handling any situation.  She also has contacts all over the world, similar to her daughter's network.”
Talia was fuming.  Her mother was not the person that she wanted to help her.  She saw her mother as weak.  
“I’m going out to get some supplies so we can get on the road.  Everyone should be ready to go when I get back.  I have an appointment with Percival, and I'm not going to miss it,” she said as she stormed out.
Cameron glanced at Eduard who looked as though he could use a drink.  Eduard heaved a heavy sigh and looked up at the ceiling.  Cameron saw that he was trying to hold his family together, and they were fighting him the whole way.  Hopefully, family wasn't always that way.
He smiled at Eduard.  “That hard headed impossible gene runs in the family, yes?”  
“When I met Talia, I wondered where on Earth that personality hailed from.  I had never met anyone like her.  Then, I met her mother.”  He paused, smiled and shook his head.  “What is the American saying?  The apple does not fall far from the tree."  He looked to Tyrell.  "You should go with her.  We may be under Percival's surveillance here.  She could be in danger, if he knows her exact location."
Tyrell had no idea where she went.  He called her repeatedly, but she wouldn't answer.  She was angry and, most likely, ignoring her phone.  Cameron tracked her by the app on her phone against his better judgment, and they waited hoping that she would calm down and return safely to the hotel.  
She returned after quite some time and announced that she had called every agency and there wasn't a single place in Krakow that would rent her a car.  She did not have an international driver's license, and she was openly suggesting that they would cross the border with Ukraine.  Given the instability of Ukraine, the Poles considered such a trip a high risk to the vehicle. She was so exhausted, that she couldn’t think any more.  She needed a way to drive to Ukraine, and she couldn’t figure out how to do it.  Her continuing exhaustion wasn't helping her solve the problem in any way either.
Cameron wanted to help her.  The pained expression that had settled onto her face triggered many feelings including his machismo.  Against his better judgment, he would help her, even though he wasn't sure that it was in her best interest at that point.  It was a difficult decision for him to make to help her, when it might destroy her.  She was indeed the most fascinating woman he had ever met, and he needed her to win this battle and rescue her daughter.  They all needed that.  It was the only solution to the Alder Nation and all of their family problems.  To him, personally, it would be one less separatist organization wreaking havoc in the world.  He was well aware that it would destroy her if she failed, and he couldn't allow that.  She was far too important to him.
Tyrell listened to her vent for a few minutes.  "I knew that wouldn't work."
She glared at him.  “Why didn’t you tell me?”  
“I didn’t have a chance to," he replied.  "You ran off like always.  I swear, sometimes I don’t know why I bother to try and take care of you.  You are determined to get yourself killed.”  He pulled a Russian Baikal 441 pistol out of his belt and tossed it to her.  “Why don’t you put that up to your head and pull the trigger.  It would be quicker.”
She looked at the gun, and put it in the pocket on the leg of her authentic military fatigue pants.  Cameron barely noticed her secret away the pistol, but couldn't help but realize that the pants were the only non designer clothing that he had ever seen her wear, and she was wearing a new ring in place of the smashed wedding band.
“That man loves you like a daughter," Eduard said.  "You should treat him with respect.”
Her head dropped.  Cameron found the relationship between Talia and Eduard fascinating.  She reacted to him like a young girl would to her father.  He treated her precisely as a man would treat his teenage daughter.
Tyrell had his back to her as she entered the kitchen.  He was staring out the window, and didn’t so much as flinch when he heard her come through the door.  He was tired and she had taken him for granted.  She didn’t know what she would ever do without him.  He was her strength and wisdom.  He was her protector and her adviser.  She probably would have lost her mind as her mother had without him at her side, even when she fired him.
“I'm sorry,” Talia said.  “I just can’t take this anymore.  I need to find my daughter.”
“Do you want to find Anya, or do you want to kill Percival?” he asked.
“I just want my daughter,” she replied, barely above a whisper.
“I'm glad.  I was afraid the hate was going to eat you up inside.”
"Percival needs to die," she said.  "He doesn’t have a single redeeming quality.  He’s kidnapped Anya.  I want my daughter back, but I feel like he won’t stop unless I stop him.  Does that make sense?”
“I guess so.  Motive is an important part of any operation.  Focus on the objective.  If you kill Percival in anger, you’ll never be sure whether or not you did the right thing.  You have to be sure that killing someone is the only answer.  You don’t get a second chance to do the right thing when death is involved."
“I understand.  I don’t know how else to end this.  He has to go.  He killed my husband.  He ruined our lives.  He stole my daughter," she said.  "What do you really expect me to do?”
“I expect you to do what is right," Tyrell replied.  "I’ve taught you the difference between right and wrong.  I can’t make your decisions for you.  You’re a big girl now.  It’s time for you to do what you have to do.  All the decisions are yours now.  I have to go.”  He kissed her on the forehead and left the room. 
As he walked away, she jumped up from her chair.  “What’s going on here?”  
He turned to look at her.  “I think your mother is right.  You’re too close to this situation.  You should let someone else take over.”
“I can’t do that,” she sobbed.
“I understand, but I can’t go with you.  I love you like a daughter.  You’re the only child I've ever raised.  I hope that you don’t get hurt or killed, but I can’t go any further.  I’m sorry.”
“You’re just going to let him kill my daughter?”  
“I think that you may inadvertently get her killed by being too close to it," he said.  "I can’t be part of that.”
“Please, don’t leave me!" she pleaded.  "I don’t know what to do without you.”
“Please, let me call someone in to help that isn’t personally involved.”  
“I can’t.”  
“Then I can’t stay any longer.”  He walked out the door.
"I can’t believe he left me," she thought.  "I can’t believe that he just walked out on me.  I thought he loved me.  I thought that we were family.  Now what do I do?"  
Talia took the Baikal 441 out of her pocket and set it on the table.  She sat stared at it.  It was the gun of choice for Russian elite services.  Dmitri had owned one exactly like it.  Percival probably owned one too.  After careful thought, she made her decision, and that decision was to find a way to Lviv and rescue her daughter.  She had to focus on that single objective.  The rest would have to become secondary.
"I guess it’s time I grow up, face all of my demons by myself, and take care of my own problems," she thought.

The Terrorist's Game
Part XXXI
"I think that no human gets away unscathed in this old life. We've all experienced loss and grief and pain and tragedy."
-Sissy Spacek

Cameron, Eduard and Leonid watched Tyrell leave.  They stared at one another in total confusion.
“What’s going on?” Cameron asked Eduard. 
“Tyrell has removed himself,” he replied solemnly, shaking his head.
Cameron saw the closeness between Talia and Tyrell.  She would be lost without him.  He knew he was destined become her confidant and protector.  There was no one else, save Michael, but her relationship with him seemed strictly professional with no place for a more personal air.  He was about to become the most important man in her life, even though he didn't think that he was ready for that responsibility.  He knew he would have to proceed carefully to help her in her endeavors.  He could not let anything harm her or he would never forgive himself.  He had come too far in this endeavor to fail.
Talia stepped out of the kitchen a few minutes later.  She was pale and seemed as though she was about to faint.  She was holding a pistol in her hand, and her eyes were red from crying.  She appeared as though she had witnessed the end of the world.
Cameron rushed to her side.  “Are you all right?”
She looked at him, dazed.  “I don’t know.  I don’t remember what it’s like to be without Tyrell.”
He guided her to the sofa and joined her.  “What happened?  Can we fix this?”  
“I don't think so.  I don’t know,” she said, staring straight ahead.  “He said he couldn’t help me anymore.  He said I should let someone else rescue my daughter, which I can't do.  He said a lot of things, but most of all, he said good-bye.  I don't think I'll ever see him again.”
He looked at Eduard and Leonid, seeking a reply, but got none.  Michael had stayed with the plane and was not immediately available to comment.  Cameron tried calling him, but there was no answer and no voicemail.  He knew that he had to stay by her side and be her hero.  She was the strongest woman he had ever met, but she couldn’t handle this alone.  She needed someone to be there with her, and he needed to be that hero.
“I’m still here,” Cameron offered.  
She smiled at him through tears.  “You must be insane.  Tyrell knows all of the ins and outs of the trade, and he bailed on me.  He thinks I’m in over my head, because I’m too emotionally involved.”
“He’s right," Cameron said.  "You’re way too emotionally involved.  It’s your daughter, for God’s sake.  How could you not be emotionally involved?”
She wiped away a tear.  “Do you think I should leave the rescue of my only child to some stranger, who may not know as much about the Alder Nation as I do?  Just hearing the words come out of my mouth, it doesn’t sound right.  Am I crazy?”
Eduard had not thought much about the semantics of the situation until that moment.  He could potentially lose both Talia and Anya if he allowed her to rush full ahead with no plan and no way to handle what she encountered.  His life passed before his eyes, and if he lost them, he would be without any reason to live.  He was there once before, and it was worse than death.
It was a cold September day in Moscow many years before.  Eduard arrived home from work as an assistant to the Russian Foreign Minister.  It was his son's eighth birthday, and he looked forward to spending the evening with him and his dear wife, Anya.  He was distracted all day at work in anticipation of the evening's celebration.  Dmitri was his only child, and the most important person in his life next to his wife.
He arrived at their apartment on the north side of the city, not far from Moscow State University where he met his lovely wife, Anya many years before.  The couple fell in love at first sight in the political science section of the library.  She was researching a paper on early childhood education regulations.  He was studying for a test on foreign policies of the United States.  
He was in a hurry to do his work that day.  His test was in an hour, and he didn’t want to take it at all, for he struggled on the topic.  He nearly tripped over Anya as he was searching for a legal dictionary in a little visited section of the second floor.  He immediately forgot about his work when he saw her.
Anya was petite.  She had dark brown hair with eyes to match.  Her face was framed by soft curls of dark brown hair that lapped at her shoulders.  She had the gentlest smile he had ever seen.  He remembered the pink suit that she wore on that day that changed his life forever.  The picture of his beloved late wife on that day was etched in his mind, and he smiled every time he saw Talia in pink, because it reminded him of that one defining moment that made him the man who would become President years later.  The first time he saw the woman who would be his wife, he knew what his purpose in life was.  It was to take care of her and give her an amazing life.  
That was the first time he saw his Anya.  Dmitri’s eighth birthday was the last.
When he arrived at their apartment that evening, no one was home.  He wondered what was happening, because they’d planned an evening out for weeks.  Anya knew he was coming home at six o'clock.  He wasn’t home more than two minutes when the housekeeper arrived with Dmitri.  They’d gone to the park so that his wife could get ready for their family evening out.
“Hello my boy!” Eduard exclaimed as he hoisted his son up and gave him a hug.  “How is my birthday boy?”
Dmitri’s face lit up.  “Great!”  Then his face wrinkled up.  “Where’s mommy?”
He looked at the housekeeper.  His stomach suddenly clenched.  “I was about to ask you that question.”  
The house phone rang in the hall.  He ran to answer it.  “We have your wife.  We are not above killing her, if you do not do as we say.”
He remained calm.  “What can I do for you?”    
“Tell your boss to release Nikki Korbut,” the voice answered.
Nikki Korbut was a known terrorist who had been arrested in connection with a series of bombings in Chechnya.  The area's "freedom fighters" claimed responsibility for the incidents, but the caller had not claimed an association with any group.  “That is not possible.  I have no control over that, and neither does my boss.”
“Call your boss and convince him to make this happen, or we will kill your lovely wife.  We will call in one hour.  Have an answer then, or she dies.”
Eduard did everything he could.  He tried to get the foreign minister to do as the terrorists ordered.  He called every person that he knew in the government, to no avail.  In the end, Dmitri’s eighth birthday ended with his mother's death.  The only event that his only child remembered from that time was his mother’s funeral.  They never found her body leaving them with no closure.
Eduard never forgave himself for not taking action and instead, following the rules.  The government did not negotiate with terrorists at that time.  The government never had to lose a wife.  Sometimes institution did more harm than good.  His life had never been the same since that one feted day.  His good relationship with his son had gone to hell from that moment on, until Talia came along.  More than a decade passed with his only son despising him because he believed that he let his mother die.
“You are not crazy,” Eduard said.  “If you do the expected thing, and something bad happens to Anya, you will never forgive yourself.  Sometimes, you need to do what your gut tells you.  Sometimes it matters not what anyone else believes.”  
He walked over to her and looked down into her expectant eyes that were seeking his wisdom.  He gave her a look that only she could understand.  She knew about his wife, and she knew about every pain that dark chapter of his life had caused him.  
“Do not hesitate to the point of doing nothing.  Rules are not always the answer, therefore you cannot always follow them.  Do not rely on others for something this important.  Your daughter is your first priority.  If you allow strangers to take over, she will become a portfolio and a number.  She is a priority to you, not to an agency, and she should be regarded as such.  Do what you know is right, and do not put yourself in a position where you regret a decision which you make for the rest of your life.” 
She gazed into his eyes and saw the hurt and regret brought on by the death of his wife, which he shouldered the blame for, at the hands of terrorists like Percival.  She loved her father in law.  He was so much like a father to her that she had all but forgotten that he was an in law.  She trusted his judgment, and she knew that he truly understood her position as no one else could.  
He took her hand.  “Do not become like me.  Do not allow your only daughter die, because you feel obligated to follow protocol.  She needs you, not an operative.  She needs her mother.”
She hugged him.  “Thank you.  I knew you would understand.”  She turned to Cameron.  “I have to go.”
Her phone vibrated.  She looked down at the screen.  "I have to take this."
She exited the suite.  "What is it, Taheem?  I don't have time for this right now.  I'm sorry."
"Where are you?" Ambassador Sarraf of Qatar asked.
"I'm with my family, why?" she replied in question.
"Is the man still with you?" he asked.
"Cameron Walker, yes," she answered.
"I know you will find this disconcerting, but I have contacts at Google.  No one knows of this man."
"Did you speak to Gene Markowski?" she asked, annoyed with his constant questioning.
"No," he stammered.
"That is the only person he answered to.  He was a security specialist, and everything he did was classified and cutting edge.  He rarely even left his lab.  Very high tech stuff.  The kind of thing that the CIA and Secret Service commission.  That's why you're not finding him.  He was Google's version of a top secret agent."
"Google has a top secret division?  Are you certain?"
"Apparently so," she snapped.  "I adore you, Taheem, but you are being paranoid.  I have some serious problems right now, and he's nothing but helpful.  Give the man a break.  I have."
"How did he get into my house?"  Taheem asked.
"The beach, like I told you," she replied.  "Look, I adore you, and I understand why you worry, but I have to go.  I will call you as soon as I get back and we will double check that your security is up to speed with the best in the world."  She disconnected and went back into the suite.  
“I’m coming with you,” Cameron announced.
“I also will come,” Eduard joined in.
“No, you’re not," she said to Eduard.  "You become President in less than a month.  I can’t involve you.  I’ll take care of it and bring her home.  You have to trust me to do that.  Then I’m coming back to live in Russia, and you will have to put up with being the only man in a house full of annoying American women for the rest of your life.”
He hugged her tight.  “I look forward to that.  Please be careful.  I want to enjoy what is left of my family.”
"I will," she promised him.  She turned to Cameron.  “Are you sure you want to do this?  It could get very dangerous and complicated.”  
Cameron wanted to tell her that he didn’t care.  He needed to ensure her safety and that of her daughter.  “I’ve come this far.  I’ve never not finished something I started, and I won’t start now.  Besides, who else is there?  I don't want you to do this alone.  By the way, new ring?” he asked, motioning to the black onyx ring on her finger.
“Don't ask.  If you must,” she said.  “He needs a gun,” she told Leonid, who handed her his Baikal 441.  “Here you go,” she said, handing it to Cameron  “Do you know how to use it?”  
“Yes.  I learned at a range,” he replied.  He noticed that she barely addressed the ring, now on her finger, that she had described to him as being in her dream.
She shook her head, wondering if Taheem was paranoid or well informed.  "Where would Cameron get a Baikal Pistol to shoot in Seattle?" she wondered.  "And what kind of man notices a ring?"  She looked at her finger and sighed at the idea that she couldn't resist buying the ring from her dream when she saw it in the market square.
“Good luck," Eduard said, hugging her tight.  "We will be together soon.”  
“We'll be by your side at the inauguration,” she said.  “I’ll bring your granddaughter home.”
“You protect her.  She is my family,” Eduard said, handing his phone to Cameron.  "In case you need help.  I have many contacts in there which can be of assistance to you."
"I swear to God, I won’t let anything happen to either one of them,” Cameron replied, as he put the phone in his pocket. 
“You are a good man,” Eduard said, shaking his hand. "I love her like my own daughter.  She is extremely important to me, so you need to protect her as though your very life depended on it."

The Terrorist's Game
Part XXXII
"What people have thought of me, of the turns that I've taken, has never really played into my decisions."
-Holly Hunter

Talia spent years independently researching and analyzing separatist groups' movements and motives.  She sat behind her desk and advised world leaders and their representatives in how to deal with them. She had given advice to some of the most important people in the world, but her information was a compilation based on the research she did at her office.  She had never thought about it before that her knowledge was so extremely academic, but the reality of the situation was that she had never gone into the field as an operative until that moment.  
"What a way to break myself in," she thought.  "I should have worked in the field earlier.  I should have tested my theories a long time ago and found out if they were accurate.  What if my theories are all wrong and I can't help Anya?  I should have practiced what I preached on something far less personal.  Oh well, spilt milk."
Cameron joined her in the tiny old elevator with mirrored metal walls inside that reluctantly and slowly ferried them from floor to floor of the ancient hotel.  She didn't want to talk too much about the situation, because she was trying to decide what to do on the fly, and she didn't want to admit that to anyone; particularly Cameron.  
He was having his own second thoughts.  "How are we going to get there?   What are we going to do?  Will she really kill Percival?  Why am I here?  Because I have to protect her, that’s why.  Nothing can happen to her."
The elevator doors closed.  “What do we do now?” he asked.
“I don’t know,” she replied, flatly.  
"I was afraid of that."
Leonid understood better than anyone what Eduard was going through.  He spent years listening to father and son fight about the death of the mother.  Dmitri had blamed him for the death of his mother, and Eduard blamed himself.  Leonid knew that Talia shouldn’t be going after Percival. He also knew that Eduard would never stop her, because he felt that he needed to make up for the fact that he failed his only son.
“I do not wish for her to live with guilt such as mine,”  Eduard muttered.  “There were times that I did not wish to live because of that guilt.  I never want her to feel such pain.  I love her dearly, and she should never have to live with such regrets.”
“I know,” Leonid replied.  "I have watched you suffer, and I understand why you allowed her to go."
“I have to believe that she will prevail.  I handled my wife's kidnapping improperly and she died.  I hope Talia chooses more wisely.  I truly believe that action is better than inaction.  It is that simple.  I cannot bring myself to stop her.  She has to do what she believes is best.”
“The only one way to find out is to try.  Go with your gut, yes?” Leonid asked.  "How else will you know whether you were right or wrong?  I will say a prayer for her, and for Anya."
“Yes, please say a prayer," Eduard replied.  "Cameron is a good man.  I hope he can protect her.  He is smart, and he thinks before he feels.  That is a valuable trait in a man.”
“He seems capable,” Leonid replied.  "Capable, and a bit calculated.  He seems to work better with a plan in front of him, but he has done quite adequately with unpredictability thus far."
Leonid jumped up and answered his vibrating phone as he pulled it from his pocket.  “Yes.  Thank you for getting back to me.  I was hoping you had more information about Anya.”  There was a pause as he listened.  “What!  How can that be?”  
“What is it?” Eduard asked, once again, feeling his stomach clench with angst. 
Leonid fell into a chair, his face pale.  “I do not know how to say this.  Anya was not abducted.  She went of her own volition to Percival.”
“That cannot be!  My granddaughter is a good girl!" Eduard exclaimed.  "She would never even consider going with a separatist group.  Who told you such a thing?”
“Katya,” Leonid replied.  "I would never believe it, had it come from any other source."
Katya was Leonid’s wife of many decades who also worked for Eduard as the head of the household staff.  She was an aging woman with large breasts victimized by years of gravity, a bit too much weight in her backside and grey hair that she normally pulled tightly into a bun to either hide it or keep it out of her way.  She always wore clothes that looked like those of a servant, even when she was out for an evening on the town with her husband.  But, for all her quirks that reeked of becoming an old lady too soon, she was reliable to a fault, and had never told a lie in her life.
“Anya received a call a few days ago, and she became excited, according to Katya.  She said that she was going to talk to someone who had known her father.  Katya tried to stop her, but she insisted that she needed to know more about her father.  Katya ordered extra security, but she slipped away, and no one has been in contact with her since that time.”
"How difficult can it be to find her?" Eduard asked.  "Track her phone."
"Anya did not take her phone with her when she left, so no one has been able to find her location, or contact her."
“So they lured her away.”
“That is what I think, except for one thing.  Katya answered Anya’s phone that day.  She said the voice sounded familiar.”
“Familiar?” Eduard queried.
“She said it sounded like Dmitri.”
Eduard fell onto the sofa.  He sat and stared straight ahead for what seemed to Leonid an eternity.  He didn’t know what to say.  Katya may have been mistaken.  It had been years since anyone had heard Dmitri’s voice.  It must be a coincidence. The idea that it was Dmitri was ridiculous.  He had been dead for years.
Katya said that Anya showed no fear.  Did she think it was her father?  She was only eight when her father died.  Surely she wouldn’t remember his voice.  
Finally Eduard spoke.  “It will never end.”    
“What do you mean?” Leonid asked.
“They killed my wife.  Dmitri blamed me.  They killed my son.  I blamed myself.  Now they took my granddaughter.  I blame myself for that as well.  When will it end?" Eduard asked.  "What happens when Talia is killed?  I gave her my blessing to run into the fire.  I will be to blame for that.  It will never end.  Someone is mimicking my dead son.  Is nothing sacred?  I should be the one confronting them.  If I had taken a stand all those years ago, it would have ended.  I am the one responsible for the suffering.”
“You are a pawn," Leonid snapped.  "They control you to satisfy their need for power.  They want to take over the world.  You are an unwilling proxy, forced into servitude by your love for your family.  If you confront them, they will kill everyone you love.  You have to allow Talia to act.  You cannot, because it places your loved ones in danger.  She will stop Percival.  You must believe in her."
Eduard knew that Leonid was right.  Talia must be the one to stop the madness.  He would be President of Russia soon.  It would soon be his job to see that justice was done, so that the horrors of the Alder Nation would end.  If she could bring their activities to an end, he could see that they were all prosecuted in a world court.  Then he could rule Russia in a way that was beneficial to the citizens and finally feel better about his life and work.
“Give me your phone,” Eduard said.  “I have to tell Talia to be aware of such tricks.  If she hears Dmitri’s voice, it will send her into a spiral.  She must be vitally alert right now.  I cannot allow such clever little tricks completely cloud her mind to the point where she cannot think.  That is what these people want.”
Leonid handed his phone to Eduard.
Eduard tried to make the call several times before throwing the phone down on the sofa.  “It is off.  No voice mail.  Nothing.  What if she hears Dmitri's voice?  I cannot warn her."
Talia walked across the old market square, contemplating how to get a car to drive to Lviv.  She couldn't rent a car.  A bus or train or plane would have an itinerary and a ticket with her name on it.  She would have to use a passport to get a ticket, so she couldn't use an alias.  Eduard didn't have a car at his disposal in Poland.  She had to be untraceable.  That was the only way to sneak up on whatever she would find in Lviv.
Cameron was enjoying his first time at a local Polish city market.  Krakow's Rynok Square had been a marketplace since ancient times.  There were vendors of all kinds strewn about selling produce, folk art, clothing and many other things.  A person could buy almost anything they wanted in that square.  The only thing that he could see that they couldn't buy was a car, which he gladly would have purchased at that time.  It would make their travel that much easier, if they had their own car.
Talia walked across the square past vendor after vendor, not saying a word with Cameron following closely behind.  Finally, she reached the far side of the square.  She sat down on the bench at taxi stand, and he joined her.  He didn’t say a word, instead waited to see what she might do.  He was getting to know her, and he was sure that she was thinking of an idea, so he didn't want to interrupt.  
A taxi pulled up in front of them.  It was a small blue Skoda Octavia with a crack in the windshield and scratches and dents all over the car.  There was even a dent in the roof.  The driver rolled down the window and said, “Taxi?”
“No thank you,” Talia replied in Polish.  
“What was that all about?” Cameron asked.
“He asked me if I wanted a taxi.  I told him no thanks.”
“I thought you wanted a taxi,” he commented.  
“I do.”  
“Then why didn’t you take it?"
“That wasn’t the kind of taxi I’m looking for,” she replied.  
"What the hell's going on in that red headed mind of yours?" Cameron asked.  "And where did you get that ring?"
Talia ignored his comment and question, and stood as another taxi pulled up.  It was an old black Lada Niva 4 x 4, with a dark haired, bearded, brooding man behind the wheel in a hoodie/jean jacket combination and a dark blue wool ushanka on his head.
The driver got out of the vehicle and spoke to Talia across the hood.  “Taxi?”
"Yes, please," she said as she climbed into the Niva.
Cameron leaned close to her ear.  “Why this one?”  
“Because this one will make the trip.”
He stopped.  “Have you lost your mind?  He'll never go along with it.”  
“Do you have a better idea?” she asked.  
The Niva was quite striking.  The red dash was full of special options.  It was obvious that the man spent a lot of time in this car.  There was a satellite radio, a DVD player, and GPS.  There were cushioned seat covers.  The one thing that she didn’t see was a visible anti theft system.  No retrofitted alarm or beacon.  She was searching subtly, and she couldn’t locate a security device, unless it was not visible.
The driver ducked back into the car and pulled away from the taxi stand.  
“To the airport, please,” Talia told him in Polish.
“Which one?” the driver asked.
“Rzeszów-Jasionka,” she replied.  
“Where are your bags?” the driver asked.  "It could be a high fare.  It is far."
“Money is not an issue and I have no bags,” she told him.  “I’m meeting someone.”
“What was that all about?” Cameron asked as the Niva pulled away.
“I told him to go to the airport in Rzeszów.  He asked why I had no luggage.  I told him I was meeting someone.”
Cameron suddenly realized that she was planning to jack the taxi.  “Tell me you’re not going to do what I think you’re going to do.”  
“I wish I could," she replied.  "Sometimes, you gotta do what you gotta do.”

The Terrorist's Game
Part XXXIII
"For a long time I was scared I'd find out I was like my mother."
-Marilyn Monroe

Tyrell burst into Eduard's room as Eduard was again trying to call Talia and Cameron.  “Where’s Talia?”  
"She and Cameron left a little while ago,” Eduard replied.  "I do not know their location."
“What are they driving?  Where did they go?” Tyrell was frantic, but neither Leonid or Eduard had any idea why.
“I have no idea,” Eduard replied.  “Their phones are not reachable, and they appear to be turned off.  I have tried numerous times to call them.  There is no answer, no voice mail; nothing.  You seem more upset than when you left; why?”  
“I spoke with Clarissa," he replied.  "I told her that I left Talia, because I couldn’t support her as the field agent in this case.  Clarissa scolded me like a child and told me that Talia can’t confront Percival, because it will destroy her.”
“Destroy her?  How?” Leonid asked.  "What does that woman know?  What has she been keeping hidden from all of us?  I do not trust that one."
Tyrell didn’t want to tell them any more than he already had about what Clarissa had told him.  He didn’t want to believe her theory.  “I know it sounds crazy, but she thinks that Percival is directly connected to Dmitri.  As God as my witness, she never told me that before.  She kept that even from me.”
Eduard felt his blood run cold.  He got that feeling every time his son’s name came up and there was talk of Percival.  “Dmitri is dead.  What are you saying?  What is Clarissa hiding from us?”
Tyrell didn’t answer Eduard.  “Does she have her phone, or Eduard's as well?” he asked Leonid, not locking into Eduard's gaze.  "She must have some phone or another."
“I believe she has both Eduard's and her own phone, and Cameron has a phone as well,” Leonid replied.  "They are not answering any calls.  Her phone goes directly to voice mail, and Eduard's phone does nothing but disconnect."  
Without another word, Tyrell left the room, slamming the door behind him.
Eduard stood in the middle of the room, not knowing what to think.  "What could this possibly have to do with Dmitri?" he thought.  "Why would Clarissa Anderson, a woman that had been his friend for many years, not tell him if she had information regarding the Alder Nation?"
"Give me your phone," Eduard ordered Leonid.
“Hello Leonid,” Clarissa said when she answered her phone.  
“Clarissa, it is Eduard.” 
"Eduard, how nice," she said.  "Where is my daughter?”
“Talia and Cameron left a while ago," he answered.  "Why is Tyrell frantic?  He said irrational things when he was here, and I presume you are the one who would understand it all.”
Clarissa didn’t wish to discuss any of her thoughts on the subject of Dmitri and Percival.  She had known Eduard for several years, and they had been close allies in the mess that was their international family.  She was well aware that the current information that she was keeping to herself would devastate him.  She didn’t want to tell him that all indicators were that his son was still alive in Lviv.  It would break Eduard’s heart to realize that his son may well be a terrorist monster.  She knew well that Eduard wouldn't understand that she was trying to protect him from shattering news that would devastate him.  He would think that she had ulterior motives that were for her own selfish use.  She didn't have a reputation for being a magnanimous humanitarian.  
Since Dmitri’s death Clarissa had wondered if he was actually dead.  His wedding ring also had a tracking device in it, but she was the only one aware of that fact.  After the helicopter explosion in Lviv, which reportedly left her daughter's husband dead, she checked her equipment, and his ring was actively tracking locations.  The ring remained active for almost a month after the incident, and the last known location that she had for that ring was Lviv, Ukraine.  Clarissa believed that Dmitri, for whatever reason, had joined the Alder Nation.  
Clarissa never divulged the information to anyone, not even Tyrell.  There was always the chance that Dmitri had been taken prisoner, instead of instantly killed.  There was a possibility that he was tortured and then killed a month later.  She didn't want to spout theories without more information.  Her daughter was despondent over the death of her husband, and Eduard became a career driven workaholic as he followed the direct orders of the group in order to save the remaining members of his family.
Over the years, many people tried to locate the terrorist group and bring them to justice.  Everyone from the CIA to Interpol to British Intelligence had attempted to locate the Alder Nation and bring them to justice.  No agency had been able to do so.  Clarissa, because of her suspicions, had hoped that no one would ever be able to find the Alder Nation.  She didn't want to tell her daughter that Dmitri ran out on her to become a terrorist.
Now, Clarissa needed to find her daughter and help her through the situation.  She was afraid of what Talia would do when she realized that her husband was still alive and part of the terrorist group that had been making life hell for her entire family for years.  
“I need to know where to find my daughter,” Clarissa said.
“She was intent on driving to Lviv.  She and Cameron are most likely on the A4 between here and the Ukrainian border," Eduard replied.  "That is a guess.  She insisted on driving, because she believes that Percival is tracking her and her jet.”
“I guess I’ll find her somehow,” Clarissa groaned.  "How far is it to Lviv?"  
“240 K.  Why?  What is happening?” Eduard asked.  "What information do you possess?  Why are you keeping it from me?"
“I can’t tell you over the phone.  It’s going to be all right," she told him.  "I can assure you, Percival won’t hurt her or our granddaughter.”
“How can you be sure?" he asked.  "I cannot afford to lose my girls.”
“I know who he is,” she replied.  "That's how I know. I wasn't sure until my granddaughter disappeared, but I know now."
“Who is he?” Eduard demanded to know.
“I’m sorry Eduard.  I can’t explain right now.  Right now, I have to find Talia before she finds Percival.  Please, trust me enough to understand.  I promise, I will explain everything when we are all together.”
In all the years that Eduard knew Clarissa, he had thought many things about her, and he had never known her to lie to him directly; certainly not frivolously.  He had no reason to doubt her loyalty.  He wanted answers, but the feeling in the pit of his stomach told him that maybe it was better to wait until he could speak with her face to face.
“Do not disappoint me,” he said.  
“I won’t,” she promised.  
Leonid overheard some of the conversation.  For some time he was suspicious of the connection between the Alder Nation and the Sokolovsky family.  He was certain there was at least one missing piece to the puzzle and he had long since been afraid that the piece was Dmitri.  He never told Eduard or Talia his suspicions, because he was afraid of how it would affect them.  He wanted to be wrong about the matter, but now, after the phone call and the things that Clarissa had said, he was fairly sure he was right.
“What did she say?” Leonid asked Eduard, even though he heard a great deal of the conversation.
“She knows something," Eduard replied.  He looked at Leonid’s expression.  “What do you know?  I feel like I am the only one who does not fully understand what is happening.”
“Dmitri’s death nearly killed you," Leonid replied.  "I did not wish to cause you more grief for a hunch.  I have never had evidence that my hunch was more than that.  That is why I never told you my thoughts.  You are family, and I did not wish to bring you unnecessary pain.”
"What is this hunch?" Eduard asked, feeling faint.
"I believe Dmitri is alive," Leonid said.
Eduard gaped at him.  He felt faint and sick.  “You believe that this whole time, my son may have been alive?" he exclaimed.  "Could he hate me so much that he would betray me like that?  Use me as a pawn for a terrorist organization?"  His face went pale.  "Oh my God, Anya.”
 “Yes, if this is true, she is with Dmitri.”  
“Clarissa said that Percival would not harm either Talia or Anya.  She must think that Dmitri is with Percival and has my granddaughter.  What must this trauma be doing to her?”
“What about Talia?" Leonid asked.
Eduard’s eyes grew wide.  “Oh dear God.  She has no idea.  May Tyrell catch her in time.”
"Talia and Cameron had at least an hour and a half head start," Leonid said.  "They could be more than halfway there.  Tyrell cannot possibly catch them."
Tyrell sat in the back of his Uber, hoping that it wouldn’t take long to ready the Lear jet for the short flight to Lviv.  He had to find Talia before she found Percival, and he had no time to approach subtly.  He would have to come screaming into Danylo Halytskyi International Airport in a bright pink Lear Jet.  There would no longer be the element of surprise.
“Hurry, please,” he told the driver.
The man looked blankly at him, not understanding a word that he said.  He needed an interpreter in Poland.  The language barrier was thick there and he spoke no Polish.  They turned into the airport road.  Tyrell didn’t know how to tell him where he needed to go.  
"Terminal?” the driver asked.
"No, charter," Tyrell replied.
"Hangar numer?" he asked.
“Numer 16,” he said, thankful that the man seemed to understand him decently.        
The driver pulled up next to hangar 16.  There were two pink Lear jets in the hangar.  He smiled and jumped out, paid the driver and ran up the steps into the open hatch door of the idling plane.
“I didn’t realize when I was talking to you that you were on your way here,” he said as he sat down next to Clarissa.
Clarissa Anderson was a magnificent creature, standing nearly six feet tall.  She was thin, beautiful and timelessly glamorous.  She had the signature red hair that all Anderson women had and the bright blue eyes to match.  She had been labeled as crazy for many years, because she chose to step out of the international celebrity spotlight, but was perfectly sane and one of the most intelligent women that Tyrell had ever met.  She sat in her pink seat and smiled at him.  She had her travel outfit on; a classic Vera Wang suit personalized in pink.
“Close that hatch and let’s go," She ordered him.  "We have to get to Talia before she finds Percival.”
“You do realize that Percival will know if a pink Lear jet lands in his town.  He’ll know we’re coming.”
“So?” she asked.  “Michael, we’re ready to take off,” she yelled toward the cockpit.
“He will track us.”  He waited for a reaction, but got none.  “That could be dangerous.”
The plane began to taxi out of the hangar, toward a runway.
“You think I should fear him,” she said.
Tyrell had forever been in love with the woman and worried about her safety.  “I don’t want anything to happen to you.  I couldn't bear that.”  
She smiled at him.  “Remember, my love, I’m a hermit.  He’ll think it’s my daughter. This is her jet, not mine.  For once, things won’t be as he expects them to be.  He'll be caught off balance and won’t have the advantage anymore.  He’ll be chasing ghosts, like we’ve been doing all these years.”
“Oh my God, this is her jet," he said.  "Are you sure about this?  What if he shoots it down with a random EID?”
“Don’t you worry about me.  That bastard hurt my baby, and now, he’s stolen my granddaughter.  I will be fine.  He is the one who should be worried.  I don't believe he will kill his wife, because he would lose his daughter forever.”
“He’s going to be angry.  When he thinks he’s chasing Talia and it turns out to be you, he’s going to be confused as well.”
Clarissa smiled at Tyrell.  “Yes, he will be angry and confused.  I’m looking forward to that.”
“Why?”
"The odds will be even."
Eduard sat by the window, looking out over the market square when Leonid returned with their lunch.  Leonid burst into the room, threw the bags of deli sandwiches on the table and began to go through every drawer in the suite.
Eduard was fast reaching the point where he didn't want to ask any more questions as he sat , helpless, being the only one who was powerless in the current situation. However, he felt compelled to find out what the outburst was about.  
“What are you looking for?” he asked.
“My wallet is missing,” Leonid replied.  “My FSB ID was in there.” 
Eduard rolled his eyes.  “I wouldn’t bother reporting it.”
"Why?" Leonid asked.
"It is most likely crossing the border with Talia."

The Terrorist's Game
Part XXXIV
"The true test of a relationship is traveling together."
-Julia Stiles

Talia fumbled through her purse as the driver approached Rzeszów-Jasionka Airport.  Cameron waited to see what she was going to do next.  At that point, he couldn't begin to guess what her next move was.  She hadn’t talked much during the ride, and he didn't want to upset her by asking a lot of questions.  Because he didn't ask and she was busy searching her purse, she  failed to notice the sign for the airport exit.  
As the driver switched lanes, she looked up from her purse.  “Don’t turn here.”
The driver pulled off the road at the end of the exit ramp and through the Niva into neutral and engaged the brake.  “I speak a little English.  This is the airport exit.  Where would you like me to turn?”  
“Keep driving.  I need to go further than the airport," she said with no explanation.  "Is that clear?”
“Why would I keep driving and not know where I am to go?” he asked.  "I would like you to explain."
She took Leonid’s ID from her purse.  “This is why,” she said, holding it up for the driver to glance at.  “I work for the President of Russia.  I have to go to Ukraine.  It's a delicate matter concerning government relations.  Now, we must go.  I am in a hurry.”
“You work for Russian President?” the driver asked.
“Yes.”
"I saw Russian President earlier on TV.  He is in Moscow," the driver argued.
"I realize that," she snapped.  "I work for his replacement.  The President Elect."
"And that is?" the driver asked.
"President Elect Eduard Sokolovsky."
The driver then seemed satisfied.  “Why you not fly?”
“It’s classified, top secret,” she lied, sort of.  "I can't explain.  I'm sorry."  
“You do not sound Russian,” he noted.  "You sound American."  
“I’m a linguist and speak many dialects of many languages,” she explained.  “I have worked for many world leaders at their request.  I need to go to Ukraine now.  There are lives depending on this mission.  They are counting on me to be there to translate some very delicate negotiations.  Am I clear?”
“You pay?” he asked.  "Long drive to Lviv."  
She pulled a wad of cash from Leonid’s wallet.  “I pay.”
The driver put the Niva in gear and returned to the highway without further question.
Cameron watched her as she continued to fumble around in her purse.  She was doing something with the Baikal pistol that she had stuffed in it.  She was starting to make him nervous as she wrestled with the gun, trying to load it with ammunition.  He wasn't even sure that she knew how to handle the pistol.  He was pretty sure that she didn't know how to load it.
“Are you sure you know what you’re doing?” Cameron whispered.  "If you do something wrong, we all could die.  Has that occurred to you?"
“Well, it’s too late for me to change my mind," she snapped.  "What did you expect me to do?  I had to do something to get a ride to Lviv.  My options were somewhat limited.”
“What’s the difference between impersonating an agent and stealing a car?” he asked.
“Lojack," she replied  "We wouldn’t get two miles down the road if we stole the car.  See that blinking light under the steering column?  Lojack.  If he thought I was taking his car, he would push a button.  The Niva has a kill switch.  Then it would be of no use to us.  That's the difference.”
Cameron put his head in his hands.  He couldn’t believe his ears, but he couldn’t argue with her logic.  He also couldn't believe he hadn't thought of that.  She was always one step ahead of everyone else.  He decided that the best thing he could do was sit back and enjoy the ride.  He flopped back in his seat and waited to see what was going to happen next.	
“Do you still have Eduard’s phone?” she asked.
“Yes.”
“It’s been awfully quiet,” she said.  "Something's wrong.  He would have called a dozen times by now to see if I was all right."
He reached into his pocket and pulled out the phone.  It was off.  “Shit, the damn thing isn’t on.  Sorry.”
"Well, turn it on!" she snapped.  "God only knows what's been happening.  He could have found out something that we need to know.  Don't let that happen again!"
Back in Krakow, Eduard tossed the phone onto the sofa of his suite again.  “They have to turn it on sometime.  How can they not notice that the phone is off?  They are young and live for their phones.”
“Maybe they are in some kind of trouble,” Leonid said.  "What if they cannot answer the phone?"
“No.  They are safe.  Cameron installed a GPS tracking device on this," he said.  "It works like an emergency beacon and it works, even if the phone is off.  I can see their location, but I cannot reach them directly.”
“Where are they?” Leonid asked.
“Krakovec, close to the border on the A4.  There is no turning back now," he replied.  "God be with them."
“Their phone still isn’t on,” Tyrell told Clarissa as they sat in the Lear jet on their way to Ukraine.
Clarissa looked out the window, staring at the ground below as the runway dropped away below them.  She behaved as though she believed she might spot them driving along the highway, even though she had no idea what their vehicle might look like.  She needed to speak to her daughter before she got to Lviv and potentially ran full speed directly into her dead husband.  Talia and Anya were the only biological family that she had, and she needed to help them and protect them.  She knew that she alone, stood between good and evil, and she was prepared to settle things with Dmitri and the Alder Nation once and for all.
Tyrell watched her as she stared at the ground.  He hated to see her suffer.  He had always loved her.  He had fallen in love with her the minute that he first shook her hand upon meeting her, and that feeling had not changed in more than twenty years.  He was the kind of man who only loved one woman in his life, and that woman was Clarissa Anderson.  
Tyrell came from military service and met Clarissa Anderson when he interviewed to be her personal bodyguard and assistant just weeks after retiring from service as a Navy Seal.  She was Hollywood royalty, and every tough guy in the world wanted the job of watching over her.
Talia was only ten years old when she escorted Tyrell in to meet her mother that day.  She was a mini version of her glamorous mother, dressed in pink from head to toe.  The family resemblance of white skin, red hair and blue eyes was remarkable.  Talia flashed him a tender innocent smile that immediately melted his heart.  He followed Talia into her mother’s home office, where everything was decorated in pink.  He immediately saw a theme in their world and wanted to become a part of it to take care of them, as any real man would want to do.  
He had seen her a million times on TV, but to see her in person for him was like meeting a queen.  She smiled at him, and made him nervous.  She liked to take men's breath away.  Tyrell had stood and stared at Clarissa as though she were a goddess.  She reached out her hand to shake his.  When he had touched her hand to shake it, he knew she was the love of his life, and he was destined to spend the rest of his life connected to his queen, Clarissa Anderson.
Now, all these years later, Tyrell reached his hand over and took Clarissa’s.  “It’s all going to be all right.”  He kissed her hand as he held it in his own.
“You’ve always been my rock," she said, smiling.  "She’s so stubborn.  She has no idea what she’s doing.  Why does she have to be like that?”
Tyrell put his arm around her shoulders.  “She’s like her mother,” he said, smiling.  
She put her head on his shoulder and smiled back at him.  “I’m too old for this shit.  I need to live a normal life.”
“We both know that’s probably not possible," he said.  "It doesn’t run in the family.  I do think however, I'm done watching over her.  I think I need to move home with you.”
“It would be nice to have you around," she said.  "I need her to be safe.  That’s why I asked you to work for her.  You're like her father.  You walked her down the aisle at her wedding, for heaven’s sake.  I trust you more than anyone, and I worry about my baby and her baby.”
He remembered Talia's wedding in the Church of St. Barbara, not far from Red Square.  The historical society of Moscow had recently handed it back over to the congregation at that time, and it was a much smaller venue that they had expected.  Talia and Dmitri had a Uniate ceremony in the Russian church, officiated by a patriarch of the Uniate Church, with the Russian patriarch standing by and was the reason that they had decided on a small ceremony in a small church.  It was considered an international event in Moscow, even though the guest list had been small and exclusive; mostly close friends and family from Russia and the United States.
He remembered Talia insisting that he walk her down the aisle, because she had no other father, and she saw him as her protector.  There was some concern about how it would look in the society page, but Talia told them all to go to hell.  She insisted that if he couldn’t walk her down the aisle, there would be no wedding.  She had always been his little girl.  He had always felt like her father.
“That was quite a day,” he said, smiling.  “Who knew that beautiful little wedding would lead to this?”
Clarissa watched his head drop as he worried about Talia and Anya.  She meant what she said, that she was too old for this shit.  She just wanted to go home and take him with her.  She missed him, and she loved him, and she wanted to spend the rest of her life with him.  It was time.  
He was the only one that she could truly count on in the whole world.  He'd been the only man in her life since her beloved Benji died.  That was why she asked him to look out for her daughter.  Since then, she had done nothing but miss him.  She called him at least once a day, and if not, he called her.  It felt good to sit in his arms.  It was the only place she wanted to be.
She smiled.  “I have an idea.  After all this is over, why don’t you and I go home and act like a real couple?”
He couldn’t believe what he was hearing.  “What do you mean a real couple?”  
Her smile broadened.  “What do you think I mean?  Haven’t we waited long enough?”
“We sure have.  I never thought that…”
“I have trouble saying how I feel," she said.  "You’re the only one since Benji.”
“Are you trying to tell me that you love me?” He asked.
She blushed like a school girl.  “Of course I love you.  I’ve always loved you.”
He swept her up into his arms.  “I love you too.  I’ve never loved anyone else.”  He kissed her full and hard, never wanting to stop.  He had waited decades for this moment.
The speaker came on, interrupting the moment.
“I have good news and bad news,” Michael announced.
Clarissa reached for the intercom.  “What is it?”  
“The good news is we’re approaching Lviv.”
“And the bad?” she asked.
“The fuel tank has a leak, and we don't have enough fuel to land,” Michael replied.  
Clarissa flopped back into her chair and covered her face with her hands.  
“We’ll make it,” Tyrell assured her.
“How can you be sure?”  
He stood up.  “I’ll tell you how.  I did not wait for almost thirty years for you, to lose you before I get a chance to wake up next to you as your husband.”  With that, he walked toward the cockpit.

The Terrorist's Game
Part XXXV
"I love to see other women in pink. It's good for every shade of skin and hair."
-Elizabeth Hurley

Talia was so exhausted that once again she dozed off.  Cameron didn’t know how far they had yet to go, so he let her sleep on his shoulder.  He looked out the window of the Niva silently at the thick gray clouds hovering over the hills that separated them from Percival and Lviv.
She dreamed she was standing in an office.  Her phone rang.  
“Grandfather?” Anya queried.
“Anya!” Talia exclaimed.
“Mother?  Where is Grandfather?”
“He’s waiting for us in Poland.  Where are you?”
“I am so sorry, mother.  I am in Lviv, and it is awful,” she sobbed.
“Your father is alive?” Talia surmised.  
“How did you know?”
Talia looked up as Dmitri walked into the office where she stood.  “Are you in his house?”  
“No, I found a way out," Anya sniffed.  "I am at a carnival in Rynok Square.”
Talia smiled.  “Wait for me there.”  
“What?" her daughter asked.  "Where are you?”
“If you have any questions, call 2-112-765-8890.”  She spoke as though she were speaking with a client so as not to alert Dmitri that she was talking with their daughter.  “Cameron can assist you at that number.  He is my current assistant.”
Talia woke with a start, and felt the heat rising off of her face.  She was mad, because she suddenly realized that everything made sense, except that it came to her in dreams.  Her subconscious was feeding her information that her conscious had blocked out.  Dmitri was always a radical and wanted her to join him in his revolution.  He lobbied her to forego everything Eduard believed, and ally with him alone.  She had her own mind and agreed with Eduard on most things, causing a permanent rift between her and her husband.  
Was it any wonder that Dmitri had hated her enough to run out on her?  He believed that she was against him, because he was out of his mind with hatred against his own father.  He believed in everything that his own father was fervently opposed to, simply because he felt an uncontrollable need to disagree with him.  He wanted so badly to be nothing like his father, that he developed radical political beliefs to prove his point. Betrayal.  Dmitri was a radical separatist, and he believed his wife and father were his enemies.  
He was a deluded man, and she felt that she always should have known that he left her with aspirations of ruling the world.  It fit perfectly with his personality, but she refused to see it at the time.  She wanted the man that she loved, but he was but a fabrication created by the insane monster who years later held her daughter captive.
In her mind, she had been widowed by evil people with crazed ideas about ruling the world.  Now, the more she thought about the conversations that they had when they were married, the more she realized that he may well not only be a member of the Alder Nation; he may be their leader, Percival.
Cameron watched her as she startled to consciousness.  He waited to see what she was going to do next.  She looked past him out the window.  He had no way to analyze what was going through her mind.  She silently watched the landscape roll by as the Niva fast approached the border at Krakovec.
The clouds were dark gray and thick as mud.  The air looked cold, as though winter had already arrived, and it was only September.  Snow began to fall and stick to the tall brown grass along the side of the highway, leaving the pavement black and wet, barely distinguishable from the darkened sky.  It was just the beginning of the most feared season in the world.  Soon Russian Winter would descend upon all of the Motherland, with blizzards, snow fog, high winds, and unbelievably low temperatures.  For centuries, wars were interrupted for the Russian winter when the only winner was the cold.  Even blood can’t melt Russian snow.  Ukraine was no different, still a reluctant part of the harsh country even though they flew a different flag.  The two countries and others would forever share the brutal winter that Russia is famous for, and it lasted for several months each year.
“You didn’t scream,” Cameron noticed.  “Are you okay?  Did you have a different dream?”  
“Same dream.  Where are we?" she asked.  "How far to the border?”
“Border?  No border, Jaroslaw," the driver replied, as they passed an exit for Jaroslaw.  "Ukraine, 20 kilometer.  Krakovec, border.”
“It won’t be long now," she said.  "I hope there's no problem crossing.  It's a low traffic crossing, so that's helpful.”
“Why would there be a problem?” Cameron asked.  “We have passports.  That's all we need to cross a border, right?”
She leaned toward the driver.  “Passport?”  
“Yes, passport,” he replied.  
“Thank God.”  She looked at Cameron.  “That will help.”
“Are you sure about this?” he asked her.
“I had my dream, or part of it," she said.  "It was different.  It's starting to freak me out.  It's like every time I fall asleep, I have a premonition.”
“I don't believe in mysticism," he scoffed.  "Different how?”  
“Anya called Eduard’s phone this time.  She told me about her father.  She knew that he was alive.  She said that she snuck away.  I told her to call you on your phone.”
“That won't work,” he said.  "My phone just died and I haven't got a charger.  See?  You aren't psychic."  
“I gave her a number to call," she said.  "2-112-765-8890.  I don't understand, I dreamed it.  Stranger still, I remember it.”
“My phone,” the driver announced, holding it up.
“Is that your phone number?” she asked him.
"Yes.  You borrowed it to look at weather app," he replied. "It was on the phone."  He pointed out the front window.  "Krokovec, two kilometer."
Cameron sat back and didn't say a word.  "How did she remember that phone number having only seen it one time?" he thought.  "She's fascinating, and apparently a numbers savant.  I wonder if I'll ever get to meet her mother and see where she gets it from."
Tyrell, upset that his moment with Clarissa was interrupted, sat in the copilot seat in Talia's commandeered pink Lear jet.  He looked at the instrument panel, but nothing made sense.  The instrument readings were impossible.  The altimeter couldn’t have been right, because it read 72,000 feet.  The horizon read nearly vertical, but he could see that they were perfectly horizontal.  The air speed was going up and down radically, yet he felt no change.  A sensor flashed announcing engine failure, but they all were obviously working.  The fuel gauge that Michael reported was currently showing half full and dropping.
Clarissa followed him into the cockpit.  “What is it? What's happening?”  
“I don’t know,” he replied.  “None of the instruments are giving true readings.  Maybe the mother board is bad.  It's not the individual instruments.”
“That can’t be,” Michael argued.  “There’s more than one mother board.  They can’t all be failing.  Maybe a power supply?  There's not a lot of things that could cause this.”
"Would that cause intermittent malfunctions?" Tyrell asked.  "Because these readings aren't staying steady.  They're all over the place."
"I'm not sure about that, but it can't be a single mother board," Michael argued.
"CPU?" Tyrell asked.
"Doubt it," Michael answered.  "Once again, inconsistency."
All Clarissa knew was that she needed to be in Lviv. She didn't care what part needed to be changed.  She only cared about actually getting the jet to the airport.  She wasn't about to stop and get parts along the way.  She had more important things to take care of than fixing the indicators.  The men would just have to fly by sight.  She only wanted to hear that they could land, so she could get on with her business.
“Enough!" she snapped.  "Where are we?  Are we really outside of Lviv?  I need to find the girls!  We'll fix the plane later.”
Tyrell donned a headset.  “Tower, this is Alpha 977564 Bravo, do you read?”  
The reply came back in English.  “We read you Alpha.”  
“Where are we?” he asked.
“Danylo Halytskyi International Airport, Alpha; LWO.  Lviv.”  
“Yes!" he exclaimed.  "We filed a plan from Krakow; John Paul II.  Are we clear for landing?  We're having trouble with our instruments, they are not functioning accurately, and we are guessing about speed, horizon, altitude, and fuel.  We need to land and quickly.  I can’t get a true reading on anything.  Can you give us a hand and help guide us down?”
“Roger, you are clear and I have you on radar," the controller said.  "You are showing at final approach altitude.  Conditions are thick fog.  Can you see anything?  Do you see the airport at all?  You read zero degrees, due north.”
Tyrell saw nothing that looked like a metro area.  All he could see were hills and farmland with geometric fields divided by country roads and small highways.  He saw the ground intermittently through the fog, but nothing of a beacon or a runway.  “I see nothing that resembles an airport or a city.  All I see is farms and hills.”
“That is all there is.  Look for the main highway, for traffic lights," the controller said.  "You are west of the city, over cooperative farms.  You will not see city lights until you are nearly on the tarmac.”
Tyrell and Michael looked out the window, but saw nothing that the controller had described.  Tyrell looked out the window as straight down as he could, and finally saw life.  
“I see the highway," he announced.  "We’re crossing it.”
“You must turn and follow it," the controller instructed.  "It will lead you to the airport.”  
“Which way do I follow it?” he asked, as he took over the controls from Michael, and started to fly the plane.
“I have you on radar moving North.  Change heading to 90 degrees," the controller said.  If you veer off course due to faulty instruments, I can reevaluate for you from here.”
He grabbed the stick and started to turn.  He glanced up at Clarissa.  “You should probably sit down.  You might want to fasten your seat belt too."
She did as Tyrell told her.  She was frightened, and also concerned that if the jet had been tampered with, it was meant for her daughter.  She worried about her girls, and was feeling a bit jealous of Eduard for being able to sit in a single location and wait on information to come to him.  She much preferred sitting at her estate in Kent, gathering information through sources to running around the world experiencing the mess that was her family's life.
Eduard was sick of sitting in his hotel suite, staring out at Krakow's Old Town.  He called Talia again.
“Hello,” Talia said.  
“Thank God, I thought that something terrible had happened to you,” he exclaimed.
“Cameron sat on the phone and turned it off," she replied.  "We’re approaching the border of Ukraine.  After that we should be in Lviv in less than an hour.  Is there any news?”
“Tyrell spoke with your mother.  She claims that Dmitri is somehow involved with all of this.  What do you believe?”
“Don’t think about it," she lied.  "My mother is a crackpot, and the idea that he's involved in this is ridiculous.  I will take care of everything.  Stop worrying.”
“That crackpot, as you put it, sent Tyrell after you," he explained.  "He left here about an hour ago.”
She was instantly angry.  “It will all be over soon.  If he calls, tell him to stay out of it.  It's my problem.  I’ll take care of it.  I’m a big girl now.”  She ended the call and threw the phone on the seat.
“What now?” Cameron asked.
The Niva slowed down as it pulled up to the booth at the Ukrainian border.  It looked like something out of the movies, with soldiers in Soviet style uniforms carrying rifles over their shoulders and wearing old military ushankas on their heads and scruffy thick beards on their faces .  There was a gate with spiked strips across the road and a fence topped with barbed wire heading off into infinity from either side of the road.  Talia took out her passport.  
“We’re crossing the border, that’s what’s going on,” she replied.  "Get your passport ready."

The Terrorist's Game
Part XXXVI
"I'm not boring to be around. Something will always happen."
-Mila Kunis

The border crossing, as intimidating as it was sat in the middle of absolutely nowhere.  It looked more like the entrance to a secret military training ground, and the group wouldn’t have recognized it as a border crossing if it weren’t for the big sign that said it was the Ukrainian-Polish border at Krakovec.  The snow was falling fairly steadily and there was no traffic at the border, meaning that the attendants would have plenty of time to focus on them, which was not what Talia was hoping for.  Lines would have meant anonymity for them.  If they were trying to pass many people through the border crossing, they would pay far less attention to them.
The driver pulled the Niva to the booth as the soldier indicated where he seemed to be alone.  There was not another guard visible from the vehicle, and there didn't seem to be a Polish checkpoint for the opposite direction, which seemed odd.  He did, however, have a large rifle over his shoulder that he level at the Niva as it slowly began to move.  When the driver pulled up, the large man in the Soviet style military coat, smiled and greeted him politely.  Talia sat nervously in the back seat next to Cameron.  She hoped that the border check would go smoothly, but she had a gut feeling that it would not be so simple.  She glanced down at her purse by her feet, which contained the Baikal 441 pistol.  It was loaded and the safety was off.
“Passports please,” the soldier said in Polish.
Talia handed hers and Cameron’s passports to the driver who handed them to the soldier.  The man looked at each one, and he looked through the windows at the person in the picture for each.  He looked at the driver’s passport last.  
“It is expired,” the soldier said.
“Damn,” Talia muttered under her breath.
“What?” Cameron whispered.  He didn’t understand Polish.
“His passport is expired,” she replied.  "We're screwed."
“He is my driver.  He won’t be staying in the country,” she explained.  
The driver motioned her to quit talking.  
“Maybe you should let him handle it,” Cameron whispered.
“I was trying to tell him that he’s my driver.  It should work.”
“Has it ever worked before?” he asked, sarcastically.
“I don’t know; I’ve never tried it," she snapped.  "I normally fly.  In my plane.”
The driver reached his hand back to Talia.  “Diplomatic ID.”  
She handed the stolen FSB badge to him, and he handed it to the soldier.  They had a brief conversation that she wasn’t able to hear.  He asked her, “Where is the President Elect?”
“He traveled ahead to Lviv," she lied. "We are to meet him there, along with the other parties for the meeting.”
The driver leaned out the window to talk to the soldier.  A moment later he turned to Talia again.  “Why is he in Lviv?  Why not Moscow?”  
Cameron grabbed her hand, nearly crushing it.  He looked at her with wild eyes.  She pulled her hand away with great difficulty and glared at him.  She turned to the driver.  “I can’t say.  Classified.”
The driver stuck his head out the window to speak to the soldier once more.  After a couple of minutes, the soldier came to Talia’s window and motioned her to roll down the window.  
“Yes?” she asked.
“The driver cannot cross,” the soldier said.  "You will have to make other arrangements for travel."
Cameron grabbed her arm.  “What?”  
“He says the driver can’t cross.”  She looked back to the soldier.  “Please let him drop us off at our destination.  I have no way to make other arrangements.  I am so sorry.”
“He cannot cross,” the soldier repeated.  "I have orders.  It is my duty."
She rolled up the window, gesturing to the soldier to wait.  “Okay, now what do we do?” she asked the men.
“We could drive away,” the driver suggested.  
“Are you crazy?” Cameron gasped.  "He'll shoot us."
“How far is it to Lviv?” she asked the driver, ignoring Cameron.
“Not far.  I have been many times," he replied.  "It is close.  A few kilometers.”
“Is the soldier alone?” she asked.  "It appears so."
The soldier was getting impatient, tapping his foot on the ground and grasping his rifle tighter.
“Yes,” the driver told her.  “There is nothing here but one guard.  That is normal.  Not a lot of traffic at this crossing.”
“You said you’ve been to Lviv many times?” she asked.  "You are sure you know the area well?"
“Yes.  My cousin lives in Lviv,” he said.  "Every holiday, back and forth."  
“Do you know a quicker way?” she asked.  "Something besides the main road?"  
“Yes, definitely.”  
The soldier tapped her window again.  She motioned to him to wait a minute again.  
She turned to Cameron.  “Stay calm, and don’t do anything.”  She looked at the driver.  “If I get us past the border, can you get us to Lviv, before someone catches us?”
“What?” Cameron gasped.  "Have you lost your mind?"
“Yes, I can," the driver told her.  "Especially in snow.  Government vehicles have bad tires.” 
“Follow my lead,” she said.  “Put it in gear and go when I say.”
"You can't be serious," Cameron snarked.
"Do you have a better idea?" she asked.
"There has to be one."
"There's not," she said to Cameron.  She turned to the driver.  "Are you ready?"
“Yes maam.”  He slipped the Niva into drive.
Talia turned to roll down her window and found the barrel of a AK-74 rifle tapping on it.  “Yes?” she asked.
“Have you made a decision about the matter?” the soldier asked.  "I must file a report."
“No we haven't,” she answered.  She reached into her purse and grabbed hold of her Baikal pistol.
“Get out of the vehicle,” the soldier ordered her, stepping back a bit and taking aim with the AK-74.
“What the fuck?” Cameron whispered.
“He wants me to get out of the car,” she snapped, eyeing the soldier carefully.  "You need to stay calm."
“Get out!” the soldier exclaimed.  "Now!"
Talia flashed him her most charming smile.  “Sorry, but no.”
“I said, now!” he yelled, pointing his AK-74 at her nose.  She could see that the safety was still on, so she had to move fast.  If he realized that it was on, he would surely turn it off.
“What are you doing?” Cameron asked.
“He said…” she started.  The driver watched her in his rear view mirror.  She nodded at him.  “Now!”
The soldier dropped his AK-74 and fell to the ground in a spray of pebbles from the road, as the Niva bolted past him and into no man's land through the opening left when the soldier had opened the gate.  The Niva fishtailed a bit on the wet road until the driver got it under control.  He broke the arm on the crossing gate for entry into Ukraine and held his foot to the floor as he drove away into the snowy abyss.
Cameron was thrown against the seat.  He couldn't see what the soldier was doing.  Talia never let go of the window.  The soldier ran to a camouflage KRAZ Spartan and chased them into Ukraine.
The Niva was still accelerating and occasionally losing grip on the wet road, but the truck was catching up to them at an alarming rate.  The Niva was old and had lost a lot of its horsepower.  Talia couldn’t get arrested at the border.  She had no time for such trivial matters.  She had to get to her daughter and take care of her dead husband.
She looked down.  Her gun was there, ready to fire.  All she had to do was shoot it.
"That only works in movies," she thought.  "No one can actually lose a pursuer in a car chase by shooting at them."
She watched Cameron look out the back of the car at the Spartan.  The driver concentrated on not crashing the car in the falling snow as he raced the truck down the highway.  The Spartan approached from the back and side.  She had no time.  She couldn’t wait for a good idea to come to her.  Neither of the men were watching as she shrugged her shoulders and took the loaded Baikal from her purse.  
Cameron glanced over his shoulder at her as she hung her body out the window with the pistol in her hand.  Her arm had trouble staying steady in the moving vehicle and he didn't know what to think.
“What the hell are you doing?” he yelled.  "Put that damn thing away!"
The driver took a sudden left turn onto a side road without slowing down, throwing Cameron backwards against the passenger side door, and nearly throwing Talia the rest of the way out the window.  Cameron grabbed her legs to keep her from falling out of the car, as she concentrated on holding onto the Baikal 441.
She needed to do something, but she was unable to take aim at anything in the moving vehicle, so fired her gun at the tires of the soldier’s truck as best as she could, the way she had seen characters do in the movies.  The border guard was trying to make the turn onto the side road after them as he saw her aiming a gun at him.  She was sure she hadn't hit anything, yet the truck ran off the road and ran head on into a tree with an alarming loud crash.
She kicked at Cameron to let go of her legs, so she could climb back into the Niva.  She sat down on the seat and dropped her gun back into her purse.  She didn't know what exactly had transpired during the event, but she knew that she was free to go to Lviv.  After all, that was the ultimate goal.  
“Well, he’s gone,” she said, trying to catch her breath.  She looked at the driver.  “You can probably slow down now.  He hit a tree.  He won’t be going anywhere soon.”
As the driver slowed down a bit, she smiled to herself.  "Not bad for my first car chase and shoot out," she thought.  	
“You shot him?” Cameron exclaimed.  "You can't just go around shooting people!"
“No, I shot at him," she snapped.  "I'm a terrible shot.  I didn’t come close to hitting him.  He missed the turn and hit a tree.  Now, sit back and relax.”  
She looked out the window at the vast empty landscape ahead of them.  There was nothing out there, but field after field of barley and wheat.  “From the looks of it, no one will find us out here until spring.”
The driver smiled at Talia in his rear view mirror.  “I do not know who you are, but this is the most fun I have ever had driving people.”
It wasn’t long before the snow slowed to a flurry.  The driver said that they were only 10 kilometers from Lviv.  More than a few, but not a lot, so that was good.
Talia was nervous, because it was time to deal with Percival.  She wasn’t looking forward to what lie ahead.  It was something she had to do.  She had no choice.  She was fairly certain that her dream was true and that she was going to find Dmitri in Lviv.
The driver stopped at an intersection to turn onto the road that would take them into the city.  As they paused at the stop sign, a thunderous roar overhead shook the Niva and blew the crops in the field.  The driver threw the Niva into park and looked out the windshield to see where the mighty wind and loud noise came from.
“What the hell was that?” Talia exclaimed.
“A small jet flying extremely low,” the driver said.  “It is, how you say? Pink.”  
She looked out to see the plane flying ahead of them, following the road.  “Jesus Christ!”  
“It can’t be,” Cameron muttered.
“What?” the driver asked.  
 Talia slumped into her seat.  “That’s my fucking plane.”
The Terrorist's Game
Part XXXVII
"As a woman, especially when you have children, one gets so good at soldiering on - almost too good."
-Kate Winslet

Tyrell pushed the stick to the side as hard as he could to make the 90 degree turn putting them in line with the highway below.  Clarissa held on to the arms of her fold down navigator seat.  Michael did the same in the pilot's seat.  
Tyrell eyed the instruments, but couldn’t understand what was happening.  He hadn’t seen anything like it since his years in the military when he flew over the magnetic north pole.  It was as though there was an extreme change in the magnetic field around them that rendered the entire instrument panel useless, much the same as the natural magnetism of the poles threw off the compasses in the military planes.
He lined the jet up with the highway.  “You chose the correct direction,” the voice said.  “Your heading is 90 degrees or due east.  Your altitude is less than 1,000 feet, so do not descend at this time, over.”
Tyrell sat back and breathed a little.  The compass was spinning out of control the way it would over a pole, but the words of the controller eased his mind a bit.  Something unnatural was causing things to happen.  He had to find out what that was, as soon as possible.
Clarissa started to relax.  It was true that she didn’t leave her house often.  She was way out of her comfort zone, but she felt that her only child needed her help and she needed to know that her family was safe.  It was the one thing more important than feeling safe in her home.   Once Anya was rescued and Talia was ready to go on with her life, she could return home with Tyrell and have a normal life, locked away from the world in Kent, Connecticut.  That was her happy place and that's where she wished to be.
She was glad in a way that the events which she had dreaded for years had finally come to pass.  For years, she had looked out for Talia as best she could, but purposely not spoken about her suspicions concerning the Alder Nation and Dmitri to protect her daughter.  She couldn’t wait for it to end.  She prayed that everyone she loved would be okay, and that her lack of action in times past wouldn't cause anyone to die.  She wouldn't be able to live with that.
She looked forward to confronting Dmitri.  He would pay for abducting her granddaughter, and torturing his father.  But most of all, he was going to pay for all the hell he put her baby girl through.  She would see to that.
Clarissa remembered the day Dmitri married her daughter.  Moments before the ceremony, she left her daughter and party to go across the hallway in St. Barbara Church to the parlor where the men were waiting for the Priest to escort them to the nave where the bride and groom would take their vows.  
When Clarissa entered the parlor, Dmitri was with a group of friends from the military and the Detective Administration.  He was a stunning man, standing well over six feet tall, with dark brown, nearly black hair and piercing dark brown eyes to match.  His body looked as though it had been created through hard work, maybe even steroid use.  He moved with the grace of a ballet dancer, yet in a manly fashion.  He was suave, yet unsophisticated somehow; the kind of man that parents dreaded their little girls ever meeting.  He was the cult of personality that she had worried about her daughter dating, much less spending her life with.
He was surprised to see his new mother in law so close to the ceremony.  He knew she didn’t like him.  His bride had told him what a recluse and a basket case she was, locked away in the country in her elegant self induce prison.  Clarissa enjoyed the shocked expression on his face when he saw her.  It made her smile, because she could tell he was uncomfortable around her.
“Hello,” he said.  "You look lovely today."
“Thank you, Dmitri,” she replied, wanting to giggle at how uncomfortable he seemed.  “I thought that you and I should have a talk before you marry my little girl.  It's customary where we come from.”
“I see.  What can I do for you?” he asked. 
“I want to give you some advice about being a member of my family.”  
“As you wish,” he snarked.  "But, your daughter is becoming a member of my family."
She nearly twitched at psychotic sudden change in his attitude.  She knew that there was something off about the man.  She couldn't put her finger on it, but something about him was off.
“I’m happy that my little girl is happy with you," she said.  "How can I put this?  I only have one daughter.  My only child.  I lost the only man I’ve ever loved because of the spy game.  I don’t like what you do for a living.  Irregardless of what you call it; I call it being a spy.”
“I am an agent with the Detective Administration.  I am not a spy.  I investigate terrorist groups and activities.  I am educated and knowledgeable.  I am not some kind of thrill seeker who wants to have clandestine meetings with thugs or shootouts in restaurants.  That is uncivilized.”
“Whatever you wish to believe," she snapped.  "I need to know that my only living family is safe and happy.  That falls to you after today.  Can you guarantee that?”
“Yes.”  
“Okay, but I’ll be watching.”
“From America?” he challenged her.
She scowled at him.  “Yes.  You know that I gave my daughter the rings that Benji and I were supposed to exchange at our own wedding, yes?”
“Yes.”  
“Benji’s life made me nervous.  Obviously not without cause.  The rings were designed by a friend of his at the CIA.  They each have a GPS tracking device inside.  I can monitor them from home.  I can keep track of where my daughter is and can know at any time, if she’s all right.”
“Does Talia know this?” he giggled.  "Because she would never forgive you."
“No, and you won’t tell her.  If you do, she will dispose of them.  Then she would refuse to talk to me ever again, so I will move here to keep an eye on her.  You don't want that, do you?”
“No,” he replied.  "But do you really expect me to lie to my wife?  Your daughter?  What kind of relationship is that?"
"I don't trust you," she said.  "I'll take my chances."
"Whatever you say," he replied.  
“Then we understand each other?” she asked.  
He was stunned and impressed with his new mother in law.  “You intend to spy on both of us.”  
“I need to know that she’s okay.  The rings monitor body heat as well as having a GPS in them.  If, God forbid, she were to die, I would know," she said.  "I need that."
“Whatever makes you feel better,” he said, nervous at the idea that she was so much smarter than he thought.  He had to make this woman trust him.  “Do not worry about Talia.  I will never let any harm come to her.  I swear.  She is safe with me.”
“I’m sure she will be," she said.  "You don’t want to deal with me if anything ever happens to her.”
“Are you threatening me?” he asked.
“I don’t make threats,” she replied.
“Then what are you saying?”  
Clarissa walked to Dmitri.  She put one hand on each arm of the chair in which he sat.  She looked straight into his eyes.  She was not the woman Talia had told him about, and contrary to belief, she wasn’t scared of anything in that moment.  
“You’re a dangerous man," she said, staring straight in his eyes from just inches away.  "My daughter doesn’t understand that, but I do.  Let me be perfectly clear.  If you ever hurt my daughter; if you ever harm one hair on her head or make her cry, you will have to deal with me.”
He pushed her aside and stood up  and looked down from his elevated position into her face.  “And if I do not do as ordered, mother in law?”
“My daughter thinks I’m fragile.  Don’t you make the same mistake.”  She poked him in the chest with her finger and pushed him away.  “Don’t screw with your mother in law.”
“And if I do?” he asked.
“If you ever harm my daughter, I’ll kill you,” she replied.
“What will you do, crazy woman, hire a hit man?” he queried.
“No,” she said, smiling.  “I'll kill you myself."
Clarissa shook her head and rejoined the current situation and looked out the small side window of the cockpit at the Ukrainian countryside.  
“Aren’t we flying awfully low?” she asked Tyrell
“There’s a little snow storm going on, and visibility is so low that it's easier to stay low and follow the road,” he replied.
Michael, had always reminded Clarissa of Dmitri, therefore she never liked him.  He sat in the copilot seat and studied the malfunctioning control panel while Tyrell handled the plane.  
“I think that someone is messing with us,” Michael said, after running several rounds of diagnostics.  
“What the hell are you talking about?” Tyrell snapped.
“I read about this in one of Talia's trade magazines a while back,” he replied.  “There’s a device created by a Middle Eastern Separatist group that emits electromagnetic pulses, by remote control.  This acts like an EMP.”  
Michael had a point.  Tyrell didn't understand Michael.  He was a graduate of MIT and an ex-marine.  He was a genius and had gone to college at 14.  Talia seemed to pull his name out of a hat when she hired him.  Tyrell told her that she needed to vet him carefully, but she didn't listen.  Despite her cavalier attitude about hiring, Michael had been a great assistant and bodyguard.  He had eventually become comfortable entrusting her to Michael.  He still saw Michael as a kid, however.  It was difficult for someone his age to accept that young Michael might know something that he did not.  It was merely pride, but pride is important to any real man.
“You may have a point,” Tyrell admitted.  “How did they install a remote on this plane though?”  
“You can do it with an app on a phone,” Michael replied.  
Tyrell scoffed.  “These people are in hiding.  That seems pretty sophisticated.”
“It’s just programming.  It's basically a virus.” 
“If they can set it up to work remotely, how does it activate?” Tyrell asked.  "The plane was fine when we took off."
“It must have an audible activation.  A key word activates it.  They would have to know the make and model of the phone, however.  It's high tech stuff.”
“If this happened, why now?”
“Once it’s infected, which happens by contacting the phone and most likely hearing the word hello, it can be used at the discretion of the person who controls the programming," Michael explained.  "You literally hijack the phone.  It’ll work any time the phone is turned on.”
“Then one of us would have to have spoken to Percival, right?”  
“Yes,” Michael agreed.  
Tyrell looked at Clarissa.  “Have you talked to him?”  
The radio interrupted them.  “You are very low I see.  You should see the runway lights in front of you.”
Tyrell saw that the runway for the Danylo Halytskyi International Airport was right in front of him.  He activated the landing gear.  
“I’ve got it tower.  I’m lowering the landing gear now.  I still have no instruments, so I need altitude and distance readings.”
“Two kilometer distance and altitude 300 meters.”  
“Have you talked to him?” Tyrell asked her again. 
“Yes.  I talked to him before I landed in Krakow.”
Tyrell glared at her.  “Give me the phone.”  
She handed him her phone.
He grabbed the phone and handed it to Michael.  “Throw it out the window.  We’re barely above the ground.”
 Michael forced open the side cockpit window and threw out her phone.
Tyrell heaved a heavy sigh, but then looked at the control panel.  The landing gear wasn’t moving.  He didn't hear it, so he knew the readings were true.  
“The landing gear isn’t coming down.”  
“Are you sure?” Michael asked.
“I didn’t hear it.”  Tyrell grabbed the mike.  “Tower, we have no landing gear, and we’re on final approach.  Please advise.”

The Terrorist's Game
Part XXXVIII
"Never have doubted it, even when the plane crash happened. I wasn't mad at God. I just knew that there was a reason that I didn't know about why it happened."
-Reba McEntire

Cameron thought about the situation as they sat in the Niva at the stop sign.  The driver didn’t quite know what to do any more than Talia or him.  He didn’t know how her plane could have gotten to Lviv before them or who was in it.  She stared out the windshield, asking herself many of the same questions as the men.  
“How did your plane get here?” Cameron asked.
She stared, tears welled up in her eyes.  “I don't know about anything anymore.  I went to all this trouble with the taxi and the border guard, so I could sneak up on Percival," she sniffed.  "What I don’t get is why no one told us that they were going to fly my jet in here and announce our arrival.  He’s sure to know that we’re here now.  Why would anyone put me in this position?  Where’s Eduard's phone?”  
Cameron looked around and found the phone stuck down in between the seat cushion and the back of his seat.  He picked it up to discover that it wasn’t on again.  
Talia rolled her eyes at him.  “I guess that answers that question.”  She snatched the phone from his hand.  “I’m calling Eduard to see what I’m missing.”  She made a call.  “Hello, Leonid?  It’s Talia.  Where’s Eduard?  What do you mean, why?  I just saw my plane fly over my head, that's why.  Where is he?  Let me talk to him, or I’ll come back there and kick your ass!  Do you understand me?”  
She glanced at Cameron, staring at her with his mouth open.  She winked at him.  “Eduard?  What’s going on?  What do you mean, you don’t know?  I just saw my own plane fly over my head.”  There was a pause.  “What do you mean, where am I?  I’m in Ukraine, like I said I would be.  Just outside of Lviv.  Yes, it was my plane.  It flew right over my head.”  
The ground shook, ever so slightly, and the horizon in front of them lit up with mushroom cloud like flames from an explosion.  In the seconds that followed, there was one explosion after another.
“You don’t think…” Cameron stammered.
She gaped at him.  “Oh, God.”  She looked at the phone and listened to the words on the other end.  “Okay.”  She ended the call.
"I'm pretty sure that my plane just exploded," she said.
"You really think so?" Cameron asked.
"It flew over so low," Talia started.  "Eduard thinks my mother was in it."
No one knew what to say.  They could only guess what was happening, as they weren't at the airport and couldn't see what it was that had exploded.  She couldn't believe that her mother had come to Europe, and she was sure that if she was there that Tyrell was by her side.
"It can't be," she muttered.
"I'm sure it's not what we think," Cameron tried to soothe her.
She looked to the driver.  "Get me to that airport.  Now."
Meanwhile, Tyrell had tried everything that he learned in thirty years of piloting, to no avail.  The plane would need to make an emergency landing.
“Prepare for emergency landing,” the voice on the radio told Tyrell.  “We will apply foam to the runway and send out emergency vehicles.  Have you ever landed a plane without gear before?”
"Yes, unfortunately," he replied.
"God be with you," the voice said.  
“Thanks,” he replied.  “Where exactly should I aim for?”  
“Keep your nose up as far as you can, and try not to hit the terminal.  It is at the end of the runway.”
He looked at Clarissa.  “Don’t worry.  Tighten your seat belt and get some pillows to hold onto.”
She did as he instructed without comment.  She got the pillows from the passenger compartment and brought them back to the navigator's seat in the cockpit.  She fastened herself in and hugged a pillow.  “You’ve done this before, right?”  
He wanted to allay all of her fears, but he couldn’t lie to her.  He had always been honest with her, no matter what.  He smiled as much as he could at her.  “Don’t worry about it.  I’d never done a lot of things before I met you and your little girl.  I’m sure I can do this as well as I’ve done anything else.  It's been a long time, but I remember.  I had to do it in Afghanistan once.”
She smiled.  “Thank God for multi-faceted men like you.  I don't know what I would do without you.”  
"With any luck, you'll never have to find out," he replied as he grabbed the mike.  “Okay, here we come tower.”  
Tyrell saw the end of the runway and that they were coming in far too fast and far too low.  The runway was long enough to accommodate an Airbus, so he wasn’t worried about running out of tarmac.  He felt confident that they would survive the landing.  This was not the way that he wanted to end it all.  He knew that he had to come out of it unscathed, because he still had things that he had to do. One of those things was sitting right next to him.  He was determined not to leave the Earth until he had his chance to be with Clarissa Anderson.  He wanted nothing more than to grab onto her and never let go.  She was his soul mate and his main reason for living.  He wanted time.  The one thing he never had was time.  
After helping out the woman who would soon become his step daughter, he was determined to take time and enjoy the love of his life.  He wanted to help Talia finally put this chapter of her life to rest, so she could get on with her life as well.  He wanted to make it so that Talia could mother her daughter and he could watch over her mother.  That was his perfect vision for their family.  He wanted nothing more than to spend his golden years having holidays with three generations of Anderson women.  It was his vision of his perfect future.
Tyrell approached the very tip of the runway and pulled back as hard as he could on the stick.  He had to pull the nose of the plane up in order to keep the nose off the ground and keep them all from being killed.  If the nose landed hard on the tarmac, it could cause the jet to flip and if that happened, they would most likely not survive.  He braced his feet against the instrument panel as he fought with the stick, attempting to pull it back and bring up the nose of the jet.  He pulled harder and harder until he thought that he couldn’t pull anymore.  Suddenly, the plane jerked as the nose snapped up and the rear end of the plane struck the runway.  They were still going way too fast to land, but they were on the ground irregardless.
Everyone in the cockpit was thrown about like stuffed animals as the plane fishtailed its way toward the terminal building.  A parade of red and blue flashing lights atop emergency vehicles waited for them at the end of the runway.  Tyrell fought to keep hold of the stick in a meaningless attempt to guide the jet.  Clarissa kept her eyes shut, not wanting to see what was happening.  Michael held on to the instrument panel and braced himself for whatever might come.
Tyrell held onto the stick.  He watched the flashing lights come closer and closer.  They were still sliding at a alarming rate, and he feared that they wouldn’t stop in time.  The building loomed closer each second, but the speed didn't decrease.  He was afraid that if the vehicles didn’t move, the jet would crash right into them and possibly the buildings behind them.
Michael reached the controls and threw the plane into full reverse.  The engines were still operational, and when he did so, there was a loud noise for a moment, before the plane finally started to slow.
“By God, you are going to do it!  Now, hold that stick and hopefully you can bring it to a full stop,” the radio said.
Tyrell held onto the stick as tight as he could.  He brace himself with his foot and prayed a little bit.  He looked over to Michael and saw that he was standing on his brake.  Michael looked at him, smiled and gave him a thumbs up.  Tyrell shook his head and smiled back, then turned to watch where he was going.
The vehicles grew larger as the plane skidded closer to them.  Tyrell saw that it was going to be a close call.  He squinted his eyes as he approached the emergency vehicles.  Just in time, the jet came to a stop next to the first fire truck on the runway.
Tyrell opened his eyes to discover that he stopped the plane without hitting anything.  He heaved a heavy sigh and turned to the others.  “Okay, get out of here quick.  You never can tell what might happen after a crash landing.”
“What do you mean, you never can tell?” Clarissa asked.  
“Just move,” he said as he pushed her along to the exit.  He didn’t say another word to her about the situation, he simply moved her along.  Michael followed closely behind them.  The three of them worked together to open the hatch and drop the stairs.  Then, they all ran down the stairs as fast as they could.
As they rode away in a baggage car that was waiting when they deplaned, they heard  people yelling behind them.  Tyrell couldn’t tell what the people were saying, but it seemed urgent.  The men ran to the emergency trucks.  In seconds they were driving across the tarmac after them, closing the distance easily as the baggage car wasn't designed for speed.  They motioned to the man driving the baggage car and yelled something to him.  
The baggage car, which was a slow moving vehicle, stopped and the man said, “Get out and run.”  He then jumped out and ran away from the crashed plane on foot.  
“Come on!” Tyrell yelled. Clarissa and Michael didn’t argue.  They all exited the vehicle and ran as fast as they could toward the terminal building's door.  
As the group arrived at the door of the bottom floor of the terminal, the Lear jet exploded behind them.  The explosion lit up the sky like an overdose of fireworks on a very cold Fourth of July.  The windows rattled as though they might break.  The group covered their faces as they ducked behind a section of waiting area plastic seating, and feared the worst. Somehow the windows held, despite the series of explosions on the runway that had been a chain reaction following the first.
“Welcome to Lviv,” the familiar voice from the plane’s radio said from behind them.  The controller was standing behind them, smiling.  
Tyrell couldn’t help but let out a little giggle.  “Thanks,” he said, putting out his hand to shake the controller’s hand.
“You certainly know how to make an entrance,” he replied.  He saw Clarissa collecting herself as she stood.  “But I see you have learned from the best.”  
“Why thank you.”  Clarissa flashed him her million dollar smile.  “I don’t suppose there’s any way that we could get a ride into town, is there?”
“What is the rush?  We have yet to extinguish the fire.  You should take a moment and have a cup of tea or simply catch your breath,” the man told Clarissa.  "We have emergency personnel to examine you."
“What a dear you are.”  She smiled at him again.  “I so wish that I could, but I have someplace that I really have to be.  Be a doll and find us a ride, please?”
"But Madame," the controller said.  "We must be certain that there were no injuries in the crash.  We also must assess the damage to the airport and the jet."
"I realize that there are details to consider," she started.  "But I feel absolutely fine, and I have an emergency in the city.  I really must leave.  I will be happy to pay for damages.  Just send me a bill."
"But maam," the man started.
"She won't listen," Tyrell told him.
Clarissa smiled at the man, with a smile that was known worldwide as her perfect method of manipulation.  The controller was powerless against her beautiful smile and her puppy dog eyes.  As much as he wanted to say no, he couldn't, and a few minutes later, a car arrived to drive them into Lviv.

The Terrorist's Game
Part XXXIX
"Dreams are like paper, they tear so easily."
-Gilda Radner

Talia shuddered as the Niva pulled into Rynok Square in the oldest part of Lviv.   The scene before her was her dream.  This was the place that held the building in the photo on Eduard's wall in Reykjavik.  This is the place that her mind had created from minimal information.  Everything looked exactly as it had been foreshadowed.  The house on the far side of the square stood out from the rest with its black stone blocks that looked as though the building had recently been burnt.  The building had not been recently on fire, but was currently a museum.  It was exactly as she had pictured it time and again in the dark subconscious corners of her mind, except for the sign on the door that read "closed".  It wasn't closed in Eduard's photo.  The torture of many years was culminating here with the event that would finally finish the story of her departed husband.  She knew he was inside, and she knew that in that building the nightmare would finally end.  She was going to go in there to face whatever demon was inside.  She was going to end her nightmare, her marriage, and Percival.  
She knew that her marriage had been a lie, which she chose to ignore.  Because she disagreed with Dmitri, he wrote her off easily, like one would discard an uncomfortable pair of shoes.  She was certain that her husband faked his death to rid himself of inconvenient entanglements, and was heading the terrorist group that was systematically taking over Russia by proxy.  
"He kidnapped my daughter," she thought.  "He has to pay."
She was there to rescue her daughter from her husband.  She wouldn’t leave without her, and she didn’t intend to spend one more day away from Anya.  She vowed to be the mother she had always wanted to be once she freed her only child.  She wouldn't spend one more day estranged from her only daughter.  She would no longer take orders from terrorists to stay away from her family.
She would return to Russia if necessary.  She loved Russia, and she was far happier there than in New York.  If there really was a game, she would dedicate her life to ending it.  The world needed to move ahead as nations with leaders, instead of being taunted and coerced into a puppet's life as a tool of a separatist.  Terrorism was not a game, and Talia Anderson would dedicate herself to ending separatism in the world, and ending any game that they played. 
Cameron stood next to her and watched her take in the scene before them.  She had told him, in grim detail, about her dream.  From what she told him, he guessed that this was the scene from her dream.  A chill went up his spine as he looked around at the scene that surrounded the photo he saw in Eduard's apartment in Iceland.  
"How could she have dreamed of a place she had never seen?" he wondered.  "She only saw the one house.  How could she have known the rest?"
He didn’t know what to say.  If she was psychic, not only did it go against everything that he believed about the occult being ridiculous, but it made her all but unstoppable.
The phone in Cameron’s jacket pocket, began to ring.  Talia turned and looked at his pocket.  He stared at her for a moment, and then took the phone out.  
“Hello?” he said.  “Excuse me?  No, I’m not Eduard.”  There was a pause as he strained to listen.  “Oh, my God!”  He handed the phone to Talia.  “It’s Anya!”
She grabbed the phone.  “Anya?  Where are you?  Thank God!  We’re outside in Rynok Square.  Listen to me.  I’m with a man named Cameron.  He has on a big olive drab parka, he has brown hair and he’s waiting for you."  She looked around for a landmark.  "He will be by the Drunken Cherry stand.  Can you get out?”  
She listened and motioned him to go and stay by the stand that served Cherry Liqueur cocktails from its bright colored location to tourists in the street .  
“He knows what you look like," she said.  "He’ll be right next to The Drunken Cherry.  "I know honey.  I’ve known for a while.  Don’t cry sweetie.  I’ll make everything all right.  Come out and stay with Cameron.  I’ll be there as soon as I can.  I love you.”  She ended the call and turned to him.  “You need another phone.”
Talia turned to the driver who hadn't left the square yet.  "I need your phone."
The driver handed her the phone without question.  "Shall I wait?"
"Yes, please," she replied.  "Thank you."
 She turned to Cameron and handed him the phone.  “Here.  Apparently, I have the number."  she showed him a picture of Anya on Eduard's phone and then put it in her pocket.  "You call me the minute she's safe.”
“You shouldn’t do this,” he said.    
“I have to.  It won’t ever end if I don’t.”
“Do you realize…” he began.
“Yes.  He’s in there, he’s alive, and he’s Percival.”
“You knew.”
“I have to go,” she said.  “Take care of my daughter.”  
She walked to the black stone house that she had dreamed of so many times.  She couldn't shake an eerie chill, because she knew what she would find inside.  She had dreamed it a thousand times.  She felt the Baikal Pistol in her pocket, convincing herself that she could take the life of her own husband.  She saw the carvings over the door.  She remembered it well.  
She took a deep breath.  "How could it have come to this?"
Her husband was the leader of a separatist group that wanted to take over the world, starting with Russia.  He used his own father, abducted his daughter, and left her a shattered shell of a woman as he played some kind of sick game for world domination.  She didn’t want to look at him.  He was not the man that she thought she married.
Ironically, Dmitri, when he was her mentor, had told her about moments of clarity.  He said that there is a point in every person’s life, when they have a moment in which they see everything as it really is.  No distortion, only truth.  
Her moment was at that door.  The truth was that her husband had only loved her when she agreed with him.  He was so selfish that he gave no thought to destroying his family.  He felt no guilt, forcing them all to live in fear for their lives, unless they did as ordered.  He was an egomaniacal monster, and he needed to be stopped.  There was only one way to stop him.  It was time for Dmitri Sokolovsky, aka Percival, to die.
She entered the house and found herself in an entry hall.  It looked old and was well preserved with carved wooden walls of mahogany.  She stood on deep red carpet with tiny flowers.  There was a long hallway with a closed door at the end and an open staircase a few feet in front of her.  To her left were open French doors that led to the sitting room that was also preserved from times of old, with carved walls and deep red carpet.  The furnishings were 17th century French, and that room was empty.
On her right was the office that she knew from her dream.  In that room she would meet her husband, the serpent.  She walked into the office and took her place in front of the giant wooden desk that she had seen a thousand times in her sleep.  
It seemed as though time had stopped.  She looked at her watch time and again, but it seemed as though the numbers weren't changing.  She felt like she was being watched, yet she waited patiently.  She was certain that Percival was sitting in the next room watching her.  
How could she have been so blind?  How could she have not seen what Dmitri truly was?  She did everything he asked of her, yet he did nothing but tell her how naïve she was and how much she had to learn.  He lectured her on how ignorant she was in the ways of the real world, and he called her stupid.  
"Well, he should be proud of me now," she thought.
She refused to let him win.  It was just the two of them, and now she would get her life back.  She was no one's fool now.  Finally, there would be some closure for her.  She had been dangling in the wind, screaming in her sleep, and now she could be whole again.  She knew he was there, but he thought that she was still clueless.
She looked at the desk, and saw a map.  She didn't move, but she examined the map from afar.  It was of the world, and it was divided into seven areas.  There were different words in different languages on each area.  She recognized the map that Dmitri had shown her years ago in Moscow.  It was the map that he'd drawn, and she knew now that it was a map of the terrorist's game.
When the door behind the desk opened, Dmitri strolled in.  He stopped behind the desk with a smirk on his face.  When he looked her in the eye, his expression suddenly changed.  She wasn't stunned.  She didn't faint.  Instead, the young widow resisted the urge to smile as she saw a look of disappointment spread across his face.
“What’s wrong Dmitri?” she asked.  
“You knew?” he gasped.  
“Of course I knew," she snapped.  "I learned from the best, right?”
“Why are you here?”  
“I came to get my daughter,” she replied.
“There is nothing you can do,” he said.
Her phone rang.  “Excuse me, I have to take this,” she said.  “Hello.  Good.  I have to go.”
“Who was that?” he asked.  
“That’s not important,” she replied.  “Why did you turn into a monster?”  
He stared at her.  “Because progressive change does not accomplish anything.  Radical change is the only effective form of change.  You defied me, and you were no longer of any use.”
She didn't flinch.  “Why did you make your own father the focal point?  Why did you turn on your own family?”
“My father betrayed me years ago, and you would not listen," he snapped.  "You did not agree with my vision.  My ideas will change the world.  I could not allow you and my father and your archaic thinking hold me back.”
This was the serpent that Talia dreamt of.  She saw the black in his eyes and the lack of a soul behind them.  He wasn’t the man she fell in love with.  He wasn't the man she married.  He was a lost soul with delusions of utopia that would never be realized.  He was unsavable.  
“How did Eduard betray you?” she asked.
“He let my mother die.”
“Eduard couldn’t do anything to help your mother," she said.  "There was nothing he could do.  She was ransomed by terrorists, and government policy was not to negotiate.  No government negotiated with terrorists in those days.  You can’t blame him.”
Dmitri stared at her with his soulless eyes.  “He should have tried.  Now he does everything on Earth to rescue his granddaughter.  He should have done something then.  It would serve him right if I killed his precious granddaughter to teach him a lesson.”  He slammed his fist down on the desk.
“You can’t do that,” she said.   
“What can stop me?" he snarked.  "You?  That is ridiculous.”
“Who the hell do you think you are?" she exclaimed, showing all of the emotions that she wanted to hide.
“I am Percival."  He spat on the floor.  “I have created a new world order and will soon be the only one.  No one can stop me.  Certainly not a ridiculous girl from America.”
He was deranged.  He thought he was a God.  She pulled the Russian Baikal 441 pistol from her pocket.  She leveled it at him across the desk.  The safety was off and the ammunition was loaded.  It was time for her to end her nightmare.
“I think I can," she said.
The serpent of which she dreamed grinned at her.  “What about your daughter?”  
“She’s with a friend now,” she stated.
“No matter," he said, dismissively.  "You will not kill me.”
“You can't be sure,” she replied, gun aimed at his head.
“There is more to this game than you know," he said.  "Killing me will only enhance the game.  You would be better served to preserve my life and learn what I know.  Cutting the head off the serpent will not end this."
"How the hell did he land on the exact same symbology as my dream?" she wondered.

The Terrorist's Game
Part XL
"I fell off my pink cloud with a thud."
-Elizabeth Taylor

In an instant, Dmitri's expression changed from arrogant to pale shock.  Talia heard footsteps and a voice behind her.  She didn't want to take her eyes off of him, for fear that he would somehow get away, and pushing the inevitable end of her nightmare back.  It needed to be over with now.  
“Talia, get down!” the voice behind her yelled.
She glanced over her should and dove to the floor when she saw the 9mm Beretta semi automatic pistol in Clarissa Anderson's hands.  She had it aimed at Dmitri's head, and Talia was directly in the line of fire.  
What happened next felt like slow motion and a complete hallucination to Talia.  She had never seen her mother with a gun before, and she had never seen her appear as a warrior.  This was not the woman that she had known in her earlier life.  Because of particular events that happened when she was but a teenager, her view of her mother had always been that she was weak and scared and that she hid in her country house to avoid the world.  In an instant, her vision of her mother completely changed.  She laid on the floor, not moving a centimeter, and listened as the incident unfolded around her in a haze of what seemed like another dream.  
Dmitri regrouped.  "Another weak Anderson woman.  Will the sadness and the weakness never subside?"
Clarissa's hand didn't so much as twitch.  "What did I tell you?  What did I say the day you married my only child?"
"Many things," he replied.  "Women babble."
"I warned you moments before you married my daughter," she said.  "I said that if you hurt her, I would kill you.  I presume you remember that."
"Delusions of grandeur.  Threats that will never be acted on.  Such drama, but no surprise.  Actresses are fond of speaking in metaphors," he taunted her.  "Sad."
"I don't like metaphors," she snapped.  "Metaphors are for writers.  I don't write."
Talia heard the shot as the bullet exploded from the Beretta.  She didn't move.  She heard a thud as she lay on the floor and waited.  There was a pause that seemed to last forever.  She didn't know what to do.  It was all in her mother's hands for the first time since she was a child.
“It’s okay honey,” Clarissa said.  She touched Talia on the shoulder, and smiled down at  her lying on the floor.  “You can get up now.”
Talia struggled to her feet, still shaky from everything that had just happened.  She couldn’t believe that any of what she experienced had happened.  She gained her composure enough to lean over the giant desk and look at her husband as he lay in a bloody pile on the floor against the wall next to the fireplace.  There was blood, tissue, and some bone scattered all over the wall, the fireplace, the floor, and the desk from the gaping hole that the cartridge made when it exited his skull.  It was a horrifying scene, such as she had never seen outside of a horror movie.  She didn’t need to check his body for a pulse.  It was done.  The serpent Percival was no more.
She turned to Clarissa.  “What the hell did you do?”  
“I did what I feared you couldn't do,” her mother answered.  "The nightmare is for me now, not you.  You have dreamt enough.  This was not your fight to fight.  It was between me and the man that I warned not to harm a hair on my baby's head or ever make her cry.  I warned him, but he didn't listen.  It was my duty to live up to the promise I made to him that day."    
Talia slumped into an French provincial armchair.  “He’s dead.”
Clarissa sat down in the matching chair next to her and took her hand.  “I know, honey.  I killed him.  I told him that I would.”
Talia stared at her.  "Mother!  There's more at stake here than just him!  There's more to deal with than just what he did!  We don't know who he works with.  He was the leader of a terrorist group.  Now we'll never know how to find the rest of the group.  What if they just make another leader?  What if that doesn't stop them?  He was our only source of information!"
“I told him years ago that if he ever hurt you, I would kill him.  I was just making good on my promise.”  She paused and watched her daughter’s expression.  “I had no choice.  He was a monster.  You know that.  He had to die.  I love you, and I was simply trying to protect you.  I swear that’s why I did it.  Talia?”  She was waving her hands in front of Talia’s face.  “Talia?  Sweetheart?  Can you hear me?”
She snapped out of her trance and looked at her mother.  “You knew about this, didn’t you?  You knew the whole time that he was alive, and you didn’t tell me!”
“I suspected.  I wasn't sure, but when this Cameron; whoever he is, came along, I had no choice but to get directly involved," she said.  "I’m sorry if I made the wrong choices.  I didn’t know what to do.  I did the best I could, and how was I supposed to know what to do?  It’s not like anything like this has ever happened to anyone before.”  She started to cry.
She knew that her mother was right.  It was a unique circumstance.  The only thing that she could count on was that her mother loved her.  Clarissa had an awfully strange way of showing it, but she loved her, nevertheless.  She reached over and grabbed her sobbing mother in a big hug.  
“I know you love me.  I know you did what you thought was best.  I just wish you would have talked to me,” she said, standing and looking over her mother's shoulder at the map on the desk.  “He said he created a new world order and that  it was all part of a game.  I wish I’d gotten more information.  I don't know how far this reaches, or if there's a hierarchy.  Is this the end?  Dmitri said, 'no'.”
She stared at the map on the desk.  It was the map that Dmitri had shown her years before.  There were some notes on it that pertained to his conquest of Russia through his father.  There were other notes that she didn't want to take the time to study immediately.  A game.  The map showed seven areas, like a game of Risk.  
"Good God, they're competing to see who rules the world," she muttered.
"What?" Clarissa asked.
Talia folded the map into the smallest parcel she could and shoved it into the pocket of her parka.  Her mother watched silently, her face scrunched up in confusion.
Tyrell burst into the room, and stopped in his tracks when he saw the grim scene.  “Damn.”    
“Tyrell!” Clarissa exclaimed.  “Thank God!”  She grabbed him and hugged him.
“Dammit mother, that was my plane that blew up, wasn’t it?” Talia snapped.  "Is Michael involved in this too?  You should all be ashamed of yourselves."
“Sorry,” her mother replied.  "Well?" she asked Tyrell.  
“The place is empty," he replied.  "We searched the rest of the buildings on the block too.  It appears that he was all alone here.  It's not uncommon with separatist groups to maintain many locations.  It helps them stay out of the governments' eyes.  It's still a lot like the old terrorist groups that had camps and compounds.  They only changed the name.  They're still just terrorists.”
Talia closed her eyes in frustration.  “So we have no idea what we're dealing with, or what or who is left of this mess.  And now my plane is gone.”
"I'll buy you a new plane," Clarissa snarked.  "That's the least of our worries."
Tyrell looked back and forth between Talia and Clarissa.  “They may have fled.  There is the old theory that if you cut off the head of the snake, the snake dies.  They may just be gone.”
"Do you really think this is over?" Talia asked him.  "He said there was some kind of game.  They were playing for world domination, for God's sake."
"Then the Alder Nation is most likely over," he remarked.  "If it's a game, there are probably rules.  If it's a game, then you can be eliminated."
"What rules?" Talia snapped.  "There's a map that looks like a game of Risk."
"Show me," he ordered her.
She unfolded the map and spread it on the desk again.  Then she noticed some cards on the floor.  Tyrell looked at the map, while Talia picked up the cards.  There were six cards with territories listed on them.
"What's that?" he asked, taking the cards.  He observed the cards and looked at the map.  "This is sick.  It really is a game of Risk."
"Are you sure?" Talia asked.  "Have you played Risk?"
"Of course, it's a classic.  The map is marked off for 7 battle continents, so to speak, with several territories cordoned off.  The cards are territories, which Dmitri must have proven conquered.  It looks exactly like Risk."
"What does all that mean?" Talia asked.
"It means you need to hold onto this map and those cards," he said.  "We don't know exactly what this means.  We can only guess.  We need time to figure it out for sure."
Talia folded the map and hid it away again, along with the cards.  "Don't tell anyone about this."
Talia’s phone rang.  “Hello.  Hi baby!  Thank God you’re all right!  I’m on my way.”  
“Check around here and see if you can find any more clues," Talia ordered Tyrell.  "I don’t believe for one minute that he was all alone.  He hates to be alone.  That's most like the only reason he ever married me.  Even Hitler had a girlfriend."
"Yes maam," he said, proud of her.  "I'll call Eduard and see if he can help us with the corpse."
"Good idea, or just take the gun and slip out before anyone notices," Talia replied.
"I know people," Clarissa said.  "I'll make a couple of calls."  She looked at Talia.  "Go, and let me clean this up."
She realized that she needed to spend some time and get to know her mother better.  She was not in any way how Talia had viewed her in her lifetime.  She was appearing a bit scary to her at that moment.
"Sure mom," she replied, surprised.  "We should really talk after all of this.  We don't talk enough."
"I know dear," her mother said.  "Was that my granddaughter on the phone?"
“Yes, she's waiting outside.  I’m going to get her, and then I’m going home,” Talia said.
"And Cameron?" Clarissa asked.
"He's with her, why?" Talia asked.
"If there's a man in your life, I feel I should meet him," she replied.  "Although, he has to be better than the last one.  Hopefully he's a little tougher too."
"He's a friend, and you're funny," Talia snarked.  "Come on, Anya will be thrilled to see you."
"I'll be there in a few minutes," her mother replied.
Talia exited the black stone house and met Cameron and Anya in Rynok Square.  Anya cried and apologized and hugged Talia and Clarissa when she arrived a few minutes later.  Clarissa insisted that they enjoy the day, not mentioning that Tyrell and Michael were still investigating and working with her people to clean up the mess.  Clarissa insisted that it was over.  Anya asked to see Eduard, who was reportedly enroute.
"Can we go home?" Anya asked her mother.
"Of course," she replied.  "It's over.  I can't get home soon enough."
"To New York?" the young one asked.
"To Moscow," her mother replied.
"And dad?" Anya asked.
Tears welled up in Talia's eyes.  "I'm sorry.  Dad is gone."
She grabbed her mother and gave her a big hug. 
"There was nothing you could do.  He was a monster.  I understand.  He locked me in my room and told me that I would never see you or grandfather again.  I ran for my life."
"I'm sorry," Talia sobbed.
"I love you mom," Anya said.
"I love you too," she replied.
She gazed at the crowd in the square.  There were hundreds of people milling about, enjoying the market and the carnival rides, sipping Drunken Cherry and eating street food from trucks.  
Talia scanned the crowd, wondering if any of the people there were part of the Alder Nation.  Were they visitors or were they terrorists?  Was there really a game, and if so, who were the other players?  Who could she trust?  What was she supposed to do with the map and the cards that were discreetly hidden in her pocket?  Only time would tell.

The Terrorist's Game
Part XLI
"I don't talk about my personal life in the press; that's how I kept my wedding a secret."
-Kerry Washington

Several months had passed, and the memory of Lviv was getting more manageable and kept Talia awake less often.  It had been a long time since she had awakened to the sound of her own screams, and for that, she was grateful.  It was beginning to feel as though her life may be a normal one someday.  She had not had hope like that in years.
The snow fell in South Kent, CT as it probably would through the rest of February.  Such was winter in New England and all the ski resorts that lived in the area because of it.  Valentine's Day was a predictable choice for Clarissa and Tyrell's wedding.  Clarissa had never married before, and she was pulling out all the stops at her semi modern estate.  Clarissa Anderson's estate was her sanctuary, her only home, her work of art, and the place that held all of her memories from the time she had met Tyrell so many years before.  He had protected her there, and watched over Talia there, and spent his holidays with them there.  He loved the estate where his heart had been since day one.  It was the perfect location for the least public wedding in modern American Hollywood history.
The 16 bedroom, multi building property melted into the hillside overlooking the Housatonic River.  From the front, a single level ranch at the end of a half mile long driveway that began at the security gate.  To the left of the parking area in the front was the six car garage.  From the back, a three story massive home that was nearly all windows and terraces overlooking an enormous English garden and sprawling lawn that made its way to the outdoor kitchen and patio dining area that bordered the cliff view of the river.  Off to one side was the rustic barn that housed the indoor pool and gym, attached to the Swedish sauna, that Clarissa had originally built for Tyrell.  To the other were the two single family homes that housed her staff.  
Tyrell used to live in the staff housing, but no longer.  He was the matriarch of the house now.  He was about to legally lay his claim to being the alpha male of all he surveyed, with his delicate bride by his side.  His dream was finally about to come true.  The love of his life was finally becoming his wife.
For the big day, Ice sculptures bordered the walk through the garden, where they would last until spring on their own in the cold winter air.  By contrast, outdoor heaters were installed in both the terraced areas by the house and the patio area at the outdoor kitchen to keep the guests warm in the chill.  Despite the often questionable weather, Clarissa had always wanted to be married in her garden and on Valentine's Day.  The weather was a challenge, but the bride didn't seem to mind.  The compromise had been one that, if anyone in the outside world had been allowed in, would have been legendary.
Talia had mixed emotions about her visit to celebrate her mother's big day.  She had settled in Moscow with Eduard and Anya.  Eduard had taken his oath as President of Russia in October and was still getting things in order in his new role as the leader of the largest country on Earth.  With the help of many contacts to the point of exhausting their combined lists of trusted personal allies, Talia, Clarissa, and Eduard had managed to claim victory against the Alder Nation without any of the players being exposed as part of a familial scandal.  No one outside that circle of reliable contacts knew that Dmitri had been Percival, and God willing no one ever would.  There had been no members found to bring to justice, which made Talia nervous, and all they could do was presume that the group had disbanded after Dmitri's death.
Talia had stepped out of her role in her own security company, and given up her position at the United Nations.  She worked closely with her replacement, helping as much as she could from her remote location to keep the dignitaries safe while at the U.N.  
She retained her penthouse on 57th Street in New York, but she rarely visited the property.  She only like the view, and she didn't visit the city at all these days.  
Michael now handled the operations at her private security company as acting CEO, and he used her penthouse more than anyone else when he visited clients in New York.  She considered selling it, but somehow hoped that she would get to spend time in the city once again someday, because it was a nice place to visit. Besides, Michael used it often and she knew how much he loved it.
Michael loved the high tech world and the elite lifestyle that went with it.  Clarissa had purchased a new jet for Talia, and one for the company as well.  This Lear jet became the personal vehicle of Michael.  It was white, like a normal jet.  He told Talia to please not make him fly his own pink jet.  Talia was more than happy to oblige.
Eduard was happy that his family was with him once again.  He had been lonely in many ways for decades, and since things had finally been resolved, he was able to be happy and live a full life again.  He confidently ruled the biggest country in the world, and for the first time in years, his conscience was clear.  He ruled magnanimously for the people who elected him, which made his young and idealistic granddaughter proud.
Eduard awaited the wedding day, relaxing at the estate with family and friends.  He said that the view alone was priceless from Clarissa's estate.  As the family gathered at the estate, two days remained until the nuptials. Talia had opted to attend the wedding as maid of honor with no date, while Eduard would attend with the President of Iceland, Nina Friedrichsdottir.
Nina had made good on her demand that Eduard return her phone in person.  He did so, just days before the inauguration.  She was planning on retiring the following year after the election, and was ready to start a future for herself.  She went to Russia for his inauguration, and a week later, they officially announced that they were a couple.  By February, it was not uncommon to see pictures of them on tabloid sites, and they were adorable.  They truly seemed happy.
Michael was attending with his new lady friend, Zhao Qiaolian of the People's Republic of China.  Qiaolian was the daughter of the current Chinese Ambassador to the United Nations.  She was a stunning woman, 5 feet 8 inches tall, dark black hair, wearing a deep red Lan Yu velvet and lace classic that showed off all of her perfect curves when she arrived.  Talia appreciated her style immediately and hoped that they would become friends.  It was the first relationship of Michaels's that Talia had ever been aware of, and he seemed happy.
Anya opted for no date, because she wasn't ready to trust any man after what happened with her father, and she spent most of her time with visiting members of Tyrell's family.  Her English was top notch and her personality was large enough to fill any room.  She floated around the room in the Jonathan Simkhai all lace cocktail dress that she begged her mother to buy for her.  She and Anya had spent some time with Clarissa on Fifth Avenue shopping for clothing for the entire week of the wedding.  Anya fell into being a fashionista easily, as though she was born for it.  She was an Anderson after all.
 Talia knew she was biased, but her daughter was the social flower that Talia could never be, because she was not as social as she should be, and Clarissa no longer wished to be, because it was just too much work.  The world was Anya's oyster, and the other two women smiled at the idea.
The house filled with close friends and family, only two days before wedding, and those guests gathered in the evening for dinner.  Talia, the maid of honor.  Anya, the other attendant.  Michael, the best man.  Eduard, the man who would give the bride away.  The wedding party was a close group, rounded out by Tyrell's brother as the other attendant.  
Father Antonio Cravotta, the token clergy member and youngest son of the Cravotta family of New York arrived just in time for dinner.  With him Sebastion Cravotta, the Italian family's patriarch and one of Clarissa's closest friends since her days as a Broadway socialite.  Sebastian's wife, Julietta, completed their group, because his mother, Bitsie didn't want to travel in the winter weather.
By dessert, Leonid had arrived with his wife, Katya, and President Friedrichsdottir in tow.  They were all exhausted from the trip and hungry, so Talia made sure that the kitchen staff served the group while the rest of the guests went to the main terrace for after dinner cocktails.
After the remaining guests finished dinner, they joined the group outside.  When they joined the others, Talia realized that her mother was missing from the group.  She made her way through the house to the tiny library that sat high atop the third floor with a commanding view of the Housatonic River.  She had long known that it was her mother's favorite place to hide.
"You're missing the party," Talia said as she joined her mother in the library.
"I wanted to be alone and think for a bit," she replied.
"Are you having second thoughts?"
"Of course not.  I wish you could move on, my dear.  It took me decades, and I don't want to see you that lonely for that long.  Please tell me you'll  move forward."
"In time.  There's no rush.  I'm getting to know my family again.  That's all I need.  It's your time now."
A flash of headlights flew across the room from the open door and the room on the other side of the hallway.
"Who could that be?" Talia asked.  "It's getting late.  Everyone is here, aren't they?"
Clarissa feigned a smile at her.
"What did you do?" she asked.
"I did a thing," her mother replied.
She decided not to waste time with her mother's riddles and made her way back to the foyer to see who was arriving.  The butler opened the door as she entered the foyer.  She couldn't believe her eyes.
"Cameron?"
"Your mother invited me," he said.  "I swear.  She said that she wanted me to make sure that you had someone to talk to during the wedding and dinner.  I'm sorry I'm late, but I got lost.  This place is in the middle of nowhere."
"That's my mother," she snarked.  "She thinks she knows everything.  Come in."
"Glad to see you're this excited.  I pictured you having me removed by security."
"Still thinking it over."
"What exactly have I done to make you hate me?"
Cameron hadn't called her once since Lviv.  She stared at his number in her phone at least once a day, but never called.  She felt embarrassed to call a man.  She hated the fact that she couldn't stop thinking about him.  She hated the idea that he had been her knight in shining armor and then all but disappeared.
"You never called," she snapped.
"I didn't call, because you told me not to," he replied.
"True," she retorted.  "Probably the first time you ever listened to me."
"Whatever,  I'm here now.  Can't we catch up and maybe get to know each other finally?"
She hated to admit that she wanted nothing more than to get to know him, but she was afraid that if she didn't let him in this time, it would be her last chance.  He was a challenging, but sensitive, intelligent but kind, geeky but handsome man.  She didn't know why she was so fascinated with him, but she decided that it was time she quit analyzing it to death and found out.
"I would like that," she said, smiling.  "Have you had dinner?"

Sneak Peek
The Terrorist's Game
Level 2

Talia woke to the sun hanging high and her phone screaming loudly.  Why did she stay up so late the night before?  She loved to watch the fireworks on Russia Day from Eduard's apartment in the Kremlin.  June is a magical month when Russia completely comes back to life and by the 12th, the flowers are blooming, the trees have leaves, the tourists are flowing, and the fireworks are celebrating Russia as we know it in the modern day.  Had she not decided to have just one more Moscow Beauty as she watched the colorful explosions from the window on the top floor of the old apartment building, she probably wouldn't have the hangover that she was experiencing at that moment.  She was pretty sure that Leonid had only actually put a splash of Sprite in her otherwise highly vodka cocktail.  As a result, it was morning, she had a headache that her phone and the sunlight through the window were making completely unbearable.
"What the hell is that sound?" Cameron asked as he sat up straight in the bed and held his head.
Cameron and Talia had celebrated their first Russia Day together on their first joint trip overnight into the country's mighty capital.  Cameron, like her, had a bit too much to drink the night before, although his pain came less from Moscow Beauties and more in the form of vodka on the rocks.
She shushed him and answered her phone.  "Yes, Taheem.  What can I do for you?"
"You need to come to New York," Taheem Sarraf, Talia's dear friend and U.N. Ambassador from Qatar said.
"Michael is in charge of security now," she said.
"You need to come immediately," the ambassador insisted.  "And I would prefer if you left your unidentified boy toy in Russia."
she detected the edge in his voice.  "What happened?"
"I do not wish to have this discussion over an unsecured line," Taheem said.  "It is Lucas."
"Gaspar?" she asked.
"Yes.  He is dead," he replied.  "Probably PCC."
"No, that's over," she answered.  "CV and PCC had a war.  The group that came out of that is just CC.  Capital Command.  They rule the roost in that part of the world now."
"That is why we need you," Taheem said.
"But..." she groaned.
"Look, take some aspirin for your Moscow Beauty hangover, get to Eduard's plane, and get to the U.N."
"You've been watching me?" she asked.
"I watch everyone," he said.  "That is why I do not trust your man.  Please, do not bring him."
She ended the call.  She looked at Cameron in his boxers taking probably too many Tylenol with a glass of club soda in the kitchen.  He was still having quite a time settling in with her and Anya in Russia.  He was fine when they were at the dacha in the country, but he was extremely uncomfortable in the city.  He was still learning to speak the language, and the crowds were just as bad as New York, but different in their behavior; and he didn't do well with dramatic change.  
She knew that he drank more than any Russian the night before just to calm his nerves as he spent time with a lot of friends and family of Eduard's during the celebrations.  Now, she would have to tell him that she had an emergency, and that he wasn't invited, leaving him in Russia with her family.
"What was that all about?" Cameron asked, as he sat down next to her on the sofa with his large glass of club soda.
"Something happened," she replied.  "One of the U.N. Ambassadors was killed.  Taheem wants me to come to New York."
His face lit up.  "In my mind, I'm already at the hangar."
"Well," she began.
"What?" he asked.
"Taheem specifically asked that I not bring you," she replied.
"Man, breach the guy's security for a party one time, and he doesn't trust you for life," he snarked.  "He needs to get over it.  And, he doesn't own you.  You can do what you want.  And, I'm going to New York, whether I work with you or not.  I could use an American break."
"I can't stop you," she sighed.  "Taheem will be pissed."
"Who would you rather piss off, him or me?" he asked.  "Not that either one will get you any grief, but I'm just saying.  Please?  I won't butt in while you play super sleuth."
"We have got to get you a job," she groaned.  "Get ready.  Taheem's been mad at me before.  I can handle him."
Cameron grabbed her and gave her a hug and a kiss that made her want to go back to bed.  "Thank you!  I love you!  You are amazing!"
He jumped up from the sofa and went to take a shower and get ready to go to New York.  While he was in the shower, she went to the desk where she worked when in the city.  She took an old fashioned letter opener from the top shelf and jammed it into the right side of the old hard wood desk.  A piece of the desk suddenly popped out and became a secret drawer.  She reached inside the drawer and took out a folded piece of paper and unfolded it onto the desktop, while closing the drawer and returning it to its hidden space.
It was the map that Dmitri had when he died.  She studied the map while her significant other took a shower.  The area that Dmitri had designated Region #4 on the map encompassed all of South America.  She wondered if somehow the group Capital Command had been involved in the ridiculous game of world domination.  She wondered if they had killed Lucas Gaspar, and if so why?  Did he have a connection to organized crime?  Was he a separatist?  Was this all a coincidence?  She didn't want to get involved, but she and Taheem were dear old friends, and he had asked her personally to help.  She wanted to stay in Russia and take care of her daughter.  If only life worked that way.
Her life with Cameron was finally starting to fall into place, and she was about to disrupt it.  She was still unsure of her future with the most frustrating man in the world and didn't want to break from the path they were on.  Was he ready for her to start working in the exclusive circles she ran in once again?  
She heard the shower turn off.  She quickly folded up the map and put it in her purse, then took her purse with her to get ready to go to New York City.
"I'm ready!" Cameron said, when she came into the living room, dressed and ready to leave.  
"Me too," she said.  "Let's go."
"You took your purse to the shower?" he asked.
"My make up was in it," she said.
"Oh," he replied.  "Well, you look great.  Let's go."




