PROLOGUE
“You’re doing a good job Ivan,” Felix informed his agent, “Keep it up.”
Ivan smiled, he enjoyed obeying his boss. This hit would be his second hit; the first was to eliminate a drug dealer. He knew he was a loyal agent; trustworthy.
He watched his target from a scope in the distance. The targets name was James Killer; he knew that and he knew that he had to kill him. They were outside of their safe house; there were five of them, including the target.
The rest of them were unfamiliar to him, they stood and sat around by the stairs out front of their safe house.
“You see your target?” Felix asked him.
“Yes,” He informed, “When do I kill?”
“Patience; wait until the right moment, then shoot him.” Felix ordered.
Ivan gripped the sniper rifle and focused on his target as has James swayed back and forth. His lips moved but Ivan couldn’t hear what was said.
Ivan reduced his heart rate, focused on his target, and fired.


CHAPTER 1

DEREK

After I joined the Triton Agency, Felix gave me a whole new life. A new amazing safe house, a team, and all the weapons I could want.
I did miss the Crew; after all I’ve been with them for as long as I could remember. But this was a new beginning for me, I got what I wanted.
Ever since I took that deal, I haven’t talked to or seen my friends. I guess I couldn’t blame them; I wouldn’t want to see me after what I had done to them.
It was kind of like what Ken did to us, the bastard. But I feel for him, it was a good deal, this was a good deal.
“Are you listening to me?” Felix asked.
I came back to the real world, “Yeah, you were talking about something to do with a hit job.”
“No, I was talking about a hit job that I am assigning you and your crew.”
I smiled, “Oh, well in that case.”
He laughed, “Yeah, I want you guys to eliminate your old crew.”
My eyes got wide, “Are you kidding?”
He shook his head, “No, it’s about time, and you’re the perfect guy to do it.”
I shook my head, “No, I won’t do it, they’re my friends.” 
“They were your friends, in case you haven’t noticed, you’re their enemy.”
I rolled my eyes.
“Derek, it has to be done. You know that.”
I sighed, “If it has to be done, how would you like it to go?”
He smiled, “That’s for you to decide.”
I nodded, “Okay then, I’ll do it. But only if you pay me double.”
He held out his hand, “Deal.”
We shook and I smiled, “When would you like it done?”
“By the end of the week; this Friday,”
I nodded, “Sure thing, boss.”

COLE

We were at the hospital all night. After getting the news that Derek had quit to join the new uprising Triton Agency, we had called James up to help with settling things.
I couldn’t believe it, Derek, the one who ties us all together, quit.
But when we called James we talked outside, then the unexpected happened. The bullet penetrated his shoulder, didn’t kill him—scared us half to death.
The doctor told us he was going to be alright. We needed him to help us decided on what to do with Derek, he was the enemy now.
“You alright boss?” Joey came up to me.
I looked up at him and smiled, “Yeah man, it’s all good.”
“You seemed a little bummed.” He said sitting down next to me.
I sighed, “A little.”
“I know it’s tough, I mean we did lose a dear friend.”
I smiled and looked down.
“But, we’ll get through this. We always do Cole.” He finished.
“I know, it’s just Derek was the last person I’d expect to betray the team.”
“Same here, I don’t know what changed him.”
Ken came up to us, “I know who it was; it was fucking that asshole Felix.”
“You really think he has something to do with this?” I asked.
“Or Kyle,” Joey guessed, “He could have something to do with it.”
“They both probably do,” I informed, “That’s why we need to take them out.”
“What about Derek?” Sean asked coming up to us, “We can’t kill him.”
“I don’t know man, he is the enemy now.” Ken crossed his arms.
 “Don’t say that!” Sean yelled.
“You were the one who said it!” Ken argued.
“Lower your voices.” I ordered.
“He started it.” Sean rolled his eyes.
“You’re like a child.” I sighed.
“At least… I’m not a fish!” He huffed.
I rolled my eyes.
“We can’t stay here.” Joey sighed, “Let’s go to the safe house and I’ll call Vern and Dane.”
I got up and nodded, “Okay, good idea.”

JOEY

I felt bad for Cole. Derek was the second person to betray the Crew. I don’t know what he was thinking; we needed him to complete the Crew.
We left the hospital and headed back to the safe house. We were all unhappy that Derek left, I mean who wouldn’t be?
But I guess we had to make the best of it, the Crew must move on, we have a job to do.
We haven’t talked to or went back to the P.O.O.P Agency since Derek left. I mean, how can we confront them about him leaving? Boss can’t do it, and sure of hell Kenneth can’t do it either.
That leaves me and the idiot, and hell; Sean can’t even tie his shoe. So I would be the one to confront the agency. 
“Hello? Yeah, Vern listen, we kind of need your help.” I said in the phone.
“What’s up?” Vern asked.
“We’re in a tight spot, James is in the hospital and Derek is now the enemy, life’s tough.” I informed.
“Wait, why is James in the hospital?”
“He got shot.”
“Damn, okay want me to call Dane?”
I sighed, “Yeah, please.”
“Okay, we’ll be over in a couple.”
“Thanks man.”
“Hey, what’re friends for?”
I laughed and hung up.
“When they coming?” Ken asked.
I put my phone away, “Soon.”
He nodded.
We were all in the safe house slouching around, depressed. The television was on but no one was watching it. Ace sat next to me on the floor. I put my hand down and pat him on his head.
He was a loyal dog, trustworthy like most dogs. Man’s best friend.
“I wonder if Derek was the one who shot James.” Ken said.
“Why would he shoot him?” I asked, “No motive.”
He nodded, “Then Felix did because he always hated him.”
“I’m pretty sure that Felix would kill me before he tried to kill James.” Cole informed.
“Because we know how much Felix hates your ass.” Ken smirked.
I laughed, “Like the time he came to me and asked if you had a boyfriend because you were so gay.”
“He said that?” They asked at the same time.
I made a straight face, “Yeah, why?”
“Sounds like something Sean would say.” Ken laughed.
Sean laughed, “Yeah, we are related.”
“No you’re not.” I spit, “But you two are so idiotic, you might just be related.”
“S’not fair.” Sean crossed his arms, “Why so mean?”
I rolled my eyes, “And you’re not?”
He shook his head, “No, I am the nicest person alive.”
“That would be Obama.” Ken informed.
“What?” I asked confused, “Who is that?”
“What!” Cole yelled, “You don’t know who Obama is?”
I shook my head.
“Yet you watch TV.” Ken rolled his eyes.
“Still…” I laughed, “Who is it?”
“The President of the United States,” Cole informed.
“Really? I thought that was Abraham Lincoln.” I knit my eyes.
“What year are you in?” Cole asked.
“1910.” Sean laughed.
We looked at him. The doorbell rung and we jumped up.
“It’s only Vern and Dane.” I informed going to the front door.
Ace barked and I shushed him. I opened the front door and was surprised at what I saw. A man had a pistol pointed at my head. He was in a spy outfit and had a sniper rifle around his back.
“Well it ain’t Vern.” I informed.
“You okay?” Cole asked.
I held up my hands as the man motioned me to hold them up. 
“Joey?” Cole asked again.
I backed up as he came forward.
“Who are you?” Ken asked as the man smiled.
“The name is Ivan.” He said.
“And why do you have my bud at gun range?” Ken asked.
“Aw.” I smiled.
“Shut up.” Ken fumed.
“I’m here on behalf of the Triton Agency.” Ivan said.
“What do they want?” Cole asked.
“You guys dead, but I can’t do that because I need your help.” He informed.
“For what?” Ken asked.
“Felix Morris, you know him?”
They nodded.
“He tried to kill me after I shot your friend.” Ivan said.
“You shot James?” I asked.
He looked at me, “I was ordered to take him out.”
I charged but he cocked the gun and stopped me in my tracks.
“Why do you need our help?” Cole asked him.
He looked at him, “Your team is the enemy of the Triton Agency, and you used to work for them before you destroyed them. Correct?”
Cole studied him, “Yeah.”
“What’s your point?” Ken urged.
“We can work together to bring them down.” Ivan offered.
“We don’t work with murderers.” I spit.
He looked at me and sighed then moved the gun over and fired.

SEAN

When the gun went off we jumped, Joey dropped to the ground obviously in pain. 
“He was getting annoying.” Ivan lowered his weapon.
“So you fucking shoot him?” Ken asked.
Ivan stepped forward and shrugged, “Can you help me or not?”
“Not now!” Cole yelled.
“I’m sorry.” He cried.
“Cole, fuck this guy up.” Joey held his bloody wound.
“I would, if I had a gun.” Cole informed.
I held up my fists, “I’ll fuck him up boss.”
“Man back up!” Ivan raised the gun to me.
I stopped and lowered my hands, “Never mind.”
“I need your help, the agency… they need to go down, again.” He said.
“What makes you think we’re the ones that can take them out?” Cole asked.
“Because you took them out once before,” He responded, “I believe you can do it again.”
“Yeah but, we had James to help us do it to.” I looked at him.
He looked down, “He’s alive.”
“Yeah, we were the ones who took him to the hospital after you shot him.” Ken crossed his arms.
“Like I said, I was sent to kill him, be lucky I didn’t kill him.” He rolled his eyes.
I looked over at Joey who lay on the ground holding his bloody shoulder. I looked up at Ivan, “You shot two of our friends, what makes you think we’ll help you?”
I looked at me and raised his gun. Cole stepped in front of me, “Now that’s enough, no one is getting shot on my watch.”
Joey huffed, “Uh, hello?”
“This is your team?” Ivan asked Cole, “I was told that Derek Johnson was a part of your team also, before he… quit.”
“He betrayed us, which is different.” Cole said.
“He’s no longer a part of your stupid Crew; it’s the same to me.” Ivan snapped.
Ken stepped forward, “I’m about sick of your attitude.” 
	Ivan smiled, “Aren’t you supposed to be the one with anger issues?”
Ken balled his fist and came at him but Ivan raised the gun and Ken backed off.
“Funny how intimidating a gun can be.” Ivan laughed.
“Funny how you think it’s funny but it’s really not.” I laughed.
“It’s funny how you’re so gay.” Ivan cocked his head to the side.
I gave him the finger and he looked at Cole, “This is the last time,” He lowered the gun to Joey, “You either help me, or I kill your man.”
I huffed, “What’re we gay now?”
“You can be as gay as you want man.” Ivan laughed.
I knit my eyes, “Dick…”
Ivan looked at Cole, “You have ten seconds to answer me or not. Ten, nine, eight,”
Cole bit his lip.
“Seven, six, five, four,”
Cole looked at us.
“Three… Two—“
“Fine! We’ll help you! Just, put down your weapon.” Cole sighed.
“About damn time,” Joey seethed.
Ivan lowered the gun and put it away, “Thanks, how can we start?”
Cole sighed and rolled his eyes, “I’m the leader, and I’ll tell you what to do.
 “Oh, you’re the leader?” Ivan asked, “Is that why Derek betrayed you? Because you were the sucky ass leader?”
Cole came at him, “You fucking asshole!”
Ivan crossed his arms as Ken and I held back Cole. Ivan laughed, “I heard if you get mad, that it’s the truth. And look at you.”
Cole backed off, “If we’re going to help you, you better stop that cocky attitude.”
Ivan crossed his arms and sighed, “Sorry, it’s who I am.”
“So you’re saying that you’re a cocky bastard?” I asked.
He laughed, “Yeah, I am.”
“We can tell.” Ken mumbled.
Ivan nodded, “If I calm down, will you help me?”
Cole sighed, “I guess, but we’ll need James, and you can’t tell him you tried to kill him; he won’t help.”
“But boss, he’s still in the hospital.” Joey informed.
“He won’t be in there long; they’re getting filled up by the minute.” He said.
Ivan took a step forward, “Ya’ll cool now? Can I come in?”
Joey got up and held his shoulder, “You can come in, but I do not like you so far.”
Ivan stepped forward, “Okay, and sorry. I just… got annoyed.”
“Wait until you meet Sean.” I smiled.
“Who’s that?” He asked.
I held up my hand, “Me.”
He nodded and went over to Joey, “Here, let me help you stitch that wound up.”
“Don’t touch me!” Joey moved away.
Cole sighed and went to shut the door. Ken came up to Joey who sat in a chair by the kitchen.
“Do you want me to stitch it up?” He asked.
“Could you clean it out too?” Joey suggested.
Ken nodded, “Sure come on let’s go to the back room.”
They got up and walked off. Ivan and Cole sat at the couch talking. 
“Don’t mind me.” I said walking over to the couch sitting next to them, “Just gonna snoop…”

COLE

Ivan and I sat at the couch talking about stuff, he was a good talker. Kind of reminded me of my dad, the one person who can make any conversation last.
Only thing was, he shot two of my friends and I didn’t like that.
“Let’s get back to the topic.” I offered, “How about you give me some details on why you, out of everybody, need our help.”
Ivan sighed, “Like I said, the agency I gave my all to, betrayed me and left me for dead.”
I nodded, “Yeah it happened to me also.”
“I want to get revenge.” He finished, “And you guys are the only ones who can help me get it.”
 I looked over at Sean who tried not to be obvious as he ease dropped on our conversation. I smiled, amused.
He looked at me and winked sexually. I knit my eyes and looked away at Ivan who stared at us.
“Did he… just?” He started.
I laughed, “He does that.”
“Who does that? Chicks, that’s who,” He huffed.
“Are you calling me a chick?” Sean asked him.
“More like a girl.” Ivan informed.
“Fish,” Sean crossed his arms.
It was silent then Ivan spoke out of confusion, “What?”
Out-of-nowhere there was a scream that sounded like a woman yelling, “fuck,” in pain. I knew it was Joey.
“Everything okay in there?” I called.
Ken came to the doorway, “Yes boss, just a minor… never mind, carry on.”
He walked back into the room.
I laughed, “Okay then.”
“Those two are idiots.” Sean said.
Ivan looked at him, “And you are not?”
Sean flipped him off, “You’re an ass.”
Ivan nodded, “So I’ve been told.”
“Anyway, the last time we destroyed the Triton Agency we went in and took out some of the agents and then we blew it up from the basement.” I informed, “How do you want to do it this time?”
“We could take it over from the inside and become the new leaders.” Ivan suggested.
“Well that’s something.” I laughed, “How about we try that and see how it goes.”
They nodded and Sean spoke, “I’ll go tell the boys.”
KENNETH

While Cole and the others were in the living room taking, I was in the back room stitching up Joey because the jerk Ivan shot him.
In the middle of it all I had to stop the bleeding so I heated a blade and went around the wound with it and he screamed. 
It hurt my ears because he screamed like a girl. Cole heard it and said something; he should have known what was up though. I mean it happens every time we stitch someone up.
“Done,” I finished patching up Joey and started to put the stuff away.
“Thanks man.” Joey grabbed his shirt off the bed next to him.
I nodded, “Anytime.”
Sean entered the room and sat down on the bed next to me, “What’s up fishes?”
“Not much.” Joey laughed.
“I got some news.” He said.
“Good or bad?” I asked.
“I don’t know, I guess mutual,” Sean looked at me, “Want to hear it?”
“No, we’re just going to walk away.” I rolled my eyes.
“Okay, well Cole got a plan to eliminate the Triton Agency again.” He informed.
“What’s the plan?” Joey asked.
“To go in and take it over.” 
I cocked my head, “Then after that?”
He smiled, “We’re going to be the new leaders of the Triton Agency.”
“What about the P.O.O.P Agency?” Joey asked, “What about Ryan?”
“Forget the shit agency, man; we’re going to rule,” Sean rejoiced, “We can change the world; one agency against the country.”
“What’re you talking about?” Joey asked him.
“What am I talking about?” He looked at us, “I’m talking about ruling the world, man think about it; I have been. We rule the agency; take out as much of these fuckers the world has. Then we go big; take out the main guy this country is protecting.”
“Are you talking about the fucking president?” I retorted.
He smiled, “Genius? I know.”
“More like fucking suicide.” I informed him, “Man, stop fucking talking like that.”
He shrugged, “It’s a thought.”
“Yeah well it ain't working.” Joey stood up and came up to him, “I know why you’re acting like this.”
“What do you mean?” Sean looked at him.
Joey placed his hand on his shoulder, “It’s because Derek left.”
Sean pulled away, “Fuck you!”
Joey knit his eyes, “Sean…”
“No!” Sean stepped back, “Fuck you!”
He went into the living room. Joey and I stood up and followed him out of the room.
“What happened?” Cole asked standing up with Ivan.
Joey shrugged, “I don’t know.”
Sean walked towards the door and turn when he place his and on the knob, “Fuck you guys!”
“Sean!” Cole yelled, “What the fuck?”
“From the words of a dear friend,” Sean gave us finger, “I’m leaving the Crew.”

DEREK

“Today is the day.” Felix rejoiced, “Tonight you will eliminate The Crew.”
We were in his office at the Triton Agency, we were talking about Cole and the guys; he was informing me on how to kill them.
I won’t say some of the ways he said to do.
“You have the files and the names?” Felix asked me.
I held the file folder up, “No, just a folder filed with my old friend’s name.”
He laughed, “You’re a joker mate, you bloody funny.”
I smiled, “Well, I was the class clown in my high school year.”
He nodded, “I bet. That’ll be all, good day mate.”
I nodded, “Alright then.” I stood up.
“I want to talk to Derek!” The stunning familiar voice gave me chills.
Felix stood with me and we left his office.
“Let me see Derek!” Sean yelled.
He was in the main lobby holding an agent at gun point while everyone was holding him at gun range.
Felix sighed, “Will you handle this?”
I looked at him and nodded, “Yeah, sure.”
“Thanks.” He smiled and walked away.
I sighed and started towards the stairs then down to the lobby. When I got down to the main floor I yelled his name.
“Sean!”
He looked at me.
“Sean, what the fuck are you doing?” I yelled at him.
He started tearing up, “I’m sorry.”
“What’re you doing here?” I asked.
“I—I quit the Crew.” He stammered.
“What?” I asked confused.
He sniffled, “Yeah, I don’t need them anymore.”
“Sean, are you okay?” I studied him.
He shrugged, “My eyes are open for once, I know what I’ve always didn’t want to know and for the first time it’s clear to me.”
“What’re you talking about?” I asked.
He lowered the gun, “We can be the ones who take over the white house, all we have to do it bring down the Triton Agency.”
“Sean, go home, you’re confused.” He shook his head and raised his weapon to me, “No! I’m not! For the first time I can see clearly! Why won’t you help me?!”
I stepped forward, “Because you’re talking crazy! Man, I know where you’re coming from, I do, but you’re talking about talking over the fucking white house!” 
He cocked the gun, “Fuck you!”
I stepped back.
“Now that’s enough!” Felix came in front of me, “Sean, stop it!”
Sean’s eyes were red and he looked us through as he lowered the gun. 
“Put the weapon on the ground.” Felix ordered in a calm voice.
Sean dropped the gun.
Felix sighed and looked over at his agent, “Take him into the interrogation room.”
Sean looked up at me, his eyes wide as he was taken into the back. I looked at him and mouthed, “I’m sorry.”

JOEY

After Sean left a knock on the front door minutes later gave us hope. We didn’t want two people of the Crew to leave. Derek was bad enough. When I answered the door it was Vern and Dane coming in late as usual.
The first thing Vern said was, “So what happened to James?” 
Cole sighed, “He got shot.”
“By me,” Ivan stepped up.
Dane looked at him, “His puny ass shot James?”
Ivan got in his face, “You got a problem with that?”
Vern stepped up to him, “Actually yeah.”
“Okay guys, that’s enough, we’ve already settled this.” Cole separated them.
“What I want to know is why the hell did he shoot him in the first place?” Vern asked.
Ivan stepped back, “Felix Morris ordered me to take him out.”
Vern nodded, “Right, that asshole.”
Ken smirked, “That’s why we’re going to take him and the agency out.”
“Nice, when are we doing it?” Dane asked.
“We’re going to go tonight.” Cole informed him.
He nodded, “Care if we join?”
“That’s the entire reason I called you.” I said.
He shrugged, “Well, let’s get started then.”

SEAN

I just love getting hit in the face by some asshole who thinks just because I’m tied to a chair I won’t kill a fucker. Every time he hit me, I just got madder. 
They weren’t even saying why the fuck they were hitting me! They were just having at it, asking stupid questions and getting on my nerves.
“Where were you born?!” 
Smack!
“How old are you?!” 
Smack!
“What’s your real name?!” 
Smack!
“Where’d you lose your virginity?!”
Smack!
“Are you gay?!”
Smack!
Okay, okay, okay… last two were lies. But it seemed like they were asking questions like that. It was two of them, one in the back of me and one in the front of me.
I didn’t catch their names, but I was sure if I did there’d be hell to pay. 
A knock on the door made them stop hitting me. Felix poked his head through, “We got a problem.”
They looked at him, “What do you mean?”
“Let’s talk out here.” He looked at me.
They nodded and walked out of the interrogation room. I struggled in my bonds and tried to get free, I don’t know what I’d do if I actually got free; this place is filled with trained Triton Agents.
Then Felix and the agents came back in, I noticed a blade in Felix’s hand.
 I sat back, “What’re you doing?”
 In an instant he pulled his hand back and jabbed the blade into my gut then pulled it out.
“Sorry bro.” Felix’s voice was fading.


COLE

This was not happening, first Derek now Sean? The Crew was falling apart and I couldn’t do anything to stop it. And even if I did, they wouldn’t listen to me, we weren’t a team anymore.
“You okay boss?” Joey asked coming up to me.
I sighed and laughed, “You know how many times we’ve asked each other that same question?”
He smiled and sat next to me on the couch, “We ask each other that almost once a week.”
I nodded, “I’m alright, just thinking.”
“Yeah? What about?”
I shrugged, “The Crew. What am I going to say to Ryan?”
“Don’t say anything, forget him.” Joey sat back.
“He is my boss.” I informed.
He nodded, “I know, but, I’ve been thinking too. We don’t need the agency to tell us what to do anymore, why can’t we just live out our lives normal?”
“What’re you saying?” I looked at him confused.
“Six years in the Triton Agency was enough for me, I think I’m done.”
“Joey?”
“What?” He laughed.
I studied him, “You serious?”
He smiled, “Nah man, I wouldn’t do that to you.”
I laughed, “You and Kenneth are the only ones I can trust.”
“Uh, hello?” Vern said from the kitchen.
“I trust you too, both of you guys, I’m just saying!” I reasoned.
They laughed, “We know.”
I nodded smiling, “Right.”
A bang on the front door made us jump up in alarm. I grabbed my silenced pistol from the kitchen counter and approached.
“Who is it?” Ken whispered.
I shrugged and leaned toward the door, “Who is it!?”
“It’s Derek!”
I quickly opened the door and grabbed him in here, throwing him on the ground. We stood around him.
“Look who has balls!” Ken yelled.
“I don’t want trouble!” Derek got on his knees, “I came here to tell you something, and then I’m leaving!”
“We don’t want to hear it!” Joey yelled. 
“I’m sure you do!” He argued.
Ken kicked him on the side, “How could you?!”
Derek was on his side, “I’m sorry!”
“We were your friends!” Ken kicked him again.
“Kenneth!” I yelled, “Stop!”
He backed off.
I sighed, “What is it?”
Derek coughed, “Its Sean.”
“What’d he do?” Joey asked.
“Nothing,” Derek looked up at me, “He’s at the Triton Agency, Felix is gonna kill him.”
“Why would you care?” Ken asked.
Derek sighed, “I don’t; we’re enemies.”
I nodded, “Leave.”
He got up, “If that’s what you want, fine.” He started towards the door looking back once the door was opened, “Bye.”

KENNETH

When Derek showed up at the safe house, I was pissed. He betrayed us and had the balls to come back? He said Sean was at the agency and Felix was going to kill him.
I had no doubt, but, how could he? Both of them left and they expect us to help them? It was bullshit.
“What do we do?” Joey asked.
“I say fuck them.” I sat back on the couch.
“Ken, I know your mad but come on.” Cole looked at me, “They’re our friends.”
“No! I case you haven’t noticed, they left us, betrayed the Crew!” I yelled, “We’re no longer friends!”
He sighed.
I shook my head, “We’re the only ones left.”
“They’re still a part of the Crew wither you like it or not.” He turned away.
I shook my head and rolled my eyes, “Whatever you say boss.”
“Don’t get sassy with me asshole.” He rolled his eyes.
I stood up, “What the fuck did you just say?”
He turned and Joey got in between us, “Stop! You two are friends!”
“Some friends we are.” I huffed and walked away.

COLE 

The Crew is falling apart and I don’t know how many times I can say it. Time after time shit happens and I can’t keep up with it. But every time we stick through it, together.
This time I don’t have my doubts that we’ll pull through. We have had our wrong turns in life.
“You guys shouldn’t be fighting, there is three hours before we leave to the Triton Agency and we need to get ready.” Vern said.
I nodded, “Yeah, Ken, I’m sorry.” I held out my hand to him, “Truce?”
He sighed and we shook, “I still think we should forget them, I mean I’m making a good point.”
I laughed, “I can’t do that.”
“I understand. But you’re still an ass.” He laughed, patted my shoulder and walked off.
“All that fighting for nothing,” Dane laughed.
I shrugged, “Let’s get ready to eliminate the Triton Agency… Again,”
“I’ll call Jackson.” Dane informed.
“No need,” I informed, “We still have weapons from the last time we took them out.”
He nodded, “Okay cool, let’s see them.”
“Alright then, follow me.” I started towards the practice room where we keep all our weapons and ammo, everyone followed.
“Our weapon court, we have the best.” Ken opened the basement door.
We entered the training room and pressed the yellow button on the wall, the training mat on the floor sank in then came up showing all sorts of weapons we had.
“Holy crap, this is beautiful man.” Vern gawked.
“Thanks.” I blushed jokingly.
“I know what weapon I want,” Joey informed, “Where’s my baby?”
I expected Sean to yell, “Right here!”  but I realized he wasn’t here. We had to find him, before Felix tries to kill him again.
Joey grabbed his MPS-503 from his special place and reloaded it.
“So,” Dane came up to me, “We can choose any gun?”
I nodded, “Any weapon you like.” 
He grinned, “Hehehe.”
I knit my eyes, “Okay?”
“Can I have a grenade launcher?” Vern asked.
I nodded, “Its right in the middle of it all.”
“Yes.” Vern ran to get it.
Joey came up to me with his MPS, “We’re like kids in a candy store.”
I smiled, “Yeah I know.”
“More like…Psychopaths in a zombie apocalypse.” Ken looked at us.
“Whatever we are, we’re good at what we do.” Vern cocked his weapon.
I sighed, “I can’t believe we’re doing this again.”
Joey nodded, “Remember what happened last time?”
I huffed, “Hell yeah. But we had the perfect plan.”
Everyone cheered, Ken spoke, “Fuck yeah we did.”
I smiled, “The Crew is true.”
They got quiet, Joey laughed, “Yeah, The Crew is true.”
“So,” Ivan chirped, “What time are we leaving?”
“As soon as we’re done getting a plan together and finished packing weapons dude, chill.” Cole informed.
 “I just, I want to go and kill that bastard sooner than now.” He said.
I nodded, “Yeah well we can’t just break in there, we have to go in undetected because they won’t just let us stroll right in there.”
He huffed, “I know.”
“So why’re you complaining?” I asked.
“I’m not!” He yelled, “I’m just saying!”
I nodded, “Okay, um, pick your weapons and gadgets and gizmos and attachments you want then meet me in the middle of the training mat.”
They nodded and I turned and proceeded in the middle of the mat waiting for the guys. The first one over was Ivan, who told the others not to touch his AK-47 and scope.
Vern and Dane were next; Vern had his grenade launcher and Dane, I don’t know what he chose. Joey and Ken were last; they got what they usually get; the shotgun and MPS-503.
	“What’re we doing?” Joey asked me.
I took my jacket off, “We’re going to do some warm ups.”
“But what about getting to the Triton Agency?!” Ivan yelled.
“And Sean?” Vern added.
I sighed, “Fine. You all ready? Let’s go!”

DEREK

“Where’d you go?” Felix’s British voice sounded direct and intimidating in the phone.
I sighed and looked around as I was sitting at a table outside of Café Black, “I went to grab some food for lunch.”
“Uh-hm. Listen, we need you back at the agency, we got some news.” He informed.
I nodded, “When?”
“Now would be nice.”
“Okay. See ya soon boss.”
He hung up.
I put the phone away then sat back and sighed. I had to go back in there to help Sean, even though we were enemies we were still best buds.
I stood up and took out a ten dollar from my wallet and dropped it on the table in front of me. As I turned and walked away, I started to put my wallet away.
The Crew’s safe house was just down the street from where I was. The Triton Agency was around the block and down the street to the right from where I was. I had to make a choice.
Cole didn’t want me there and I had to be at the agency so the choice was obvious.
I started right and continued down to the Triton Agency. I kept on the sidewalk and avoided eye contact with anyone who seemed interested to speak with me.
Things past through my mind; what would happen to Sean? Felix already tried to kill him once, I’m sure he’ll do it again. 
The Crew, what I did to them and how they might not be able to forgive me.
Felix and my Crew; how I shouldn’t disappoint them. I had to be the best; better then Cole.
The screeching sound of tires made me stop and look up, before I could process what was happening something that felt like metal hit me. I then hit glass and fell to the ground with a killing pain on my right side.

JOEY

We pulled up out front of the Triton Agency in a black van; it was dark so no one could see us. We wore black outfits, something that could hide us from the people that are on guard in the darkness.
And there were people on guard.
“The plans good,” Ivan said, “All we got to do is to not get caught.”
We were still in the van waiting for the right moment to jump out and go up to the agency.
Cole nodded, “Correct. Joey you know what you’re doing?”
I nodded, “Sneak into the basement and cut the lights.”
“And the lights will be on so you will have to sneak silently. If you kill; hide the bodies.” He ordered.
I nodded, “Okay boss.”
He smiled, “Let’s go kick ass.”
We got out of the van and I started in a different direction then they did. I started towards the back, it was empty half the time, people only came out to smoke and take a break.
There were two men with pistols on guard smoking by the back door.
“You got them?” Cole asked in my ear piece.
I sighed, “No problem. I hope.”
I made my way towards the targets with my silenced pistol at a ready. They took drags of their cigarettes and blew smoke in the air.
“Disgusting,” I mumbled.
“Hurry up and take them out.” Ivan said.
“Bite me, asshole.” I spit.
Cole and the Crew laughed, Ivan, who I knew had a smug look on his face snorted, “Just wait till you come back, you’re mine.”
“Bitch,” I sighed.
“Dick. Now get moving.” He ordered.
“Fuck you college boy!” I hissed like a cat.
“Do the fucking mission!” Ivan snapped.
I sighed, “Cole, get him.”
“Ivan, maybe you should let Joey get back to work.” Cole sympathized.
“Yeah, work little bitch.” Ivan joked.
I rolled my eyes, “We’ll settle this when I’m done.”
I hid behind a barrel in the dark as the two guys were finishing up their smokes. I gripped the gun and stood up, shooting both of them in the middle of the forehead.
“Nice.” Ken hissed like a snake.
I huffed, “You see that Ivan?”
“I can do better.” He miffed.
“As if,” I rolled my eyes.
“Continue.” Cole ordered.
I nodded, “Sorry boss.”
I proceeded inside of the agency. I stayed low and kept on guard, aiming the pistol at anything that moved. 
There was light coming from the main room, next to the lighted hall, there was a door.
“That’s the basement.” Cole informed.
I nodded, “Roger.”
I stayed low and opened the basement door, continuing down the stairs. 
“The electricity panel should be behind the stairs.” Ken said.
“Copy,” I headed towards the back of the stairs.
“Why are you acting like a secret agent?” Ivan asked me.
“Because I am,” I informed.
“Bitch please; you ain’t nothing but a hound dog.” He laughed.
Cole and Ken laughed.
I rolled my eyes, “Tell me when Vern and Dane are ready.”
“Oh, we’ve been ready.” Vern informed me.
I cursed, “Well thanks for saying so.”
“Anytime.”
I rolled my eyes, “You guys are assholes.”
They laughed. I shook my head.
“Are you there yet?” Cole asked.
“Patience virtue,” I smiled.
“That’s my line.” He informed.
I opened the cover to the electricity panel, “I know.”
“Now flip the first switch.” Cole ordered.
I nodded and took out my flashlight then flipped the switch. Nothing happened.
“Cole?”
“It worked,” He informed, “Put on your night vision goggles and wait for us to infiltrate.”
“Copy,” I switched on my goggles and waited by the stairs for further instructions.

KENNETH

We infiltrated the agency as soon as Joey cut the lights. Ivan was a funny guy, he and Joey didn’t get along, I couldn’t blame them; I didn’t get along with him at first either.
We had our night vision goggles on as we stayed low going into the agency. The agents had flash lights and were searching for the culprits.
“Joey.” Cole whispered in the ear piece.
“Yes boss?” 
“Stay down there; kill anyone who comes at you and wait for my orders. We’re going to clear out the lobby.” He ordered.
“Copy,” Joey said, “Be careful guys.”
“Deal,” I smiled.
“And boss,” Joey paused, “You were right, The Crew is true.”
Cole smiled, “I’m not the one who says it.”
Joey huffed, “I know, now let’s go rescue the idiot.”
I laughed, “With pleasure.”
Out of the corner of my eye I saw a figure run past.
“Three O’clock boss,” I informed.
They got on guard and aimed their weapons at nothing, backing up into the darkness.
“Where?” Cole asked me.
I shrugged, “Somewhere over in that direction.”
He nodded, “Thanks.”
“Ass,” I rolled my eyes.
“Pay attention!” Ivan yelled.
“We have intruders on the first floor!” A walkie talkie blared.
“Great!” Cole sighed, “Thanks a lot Ivan.”
I came out of cover and shot the first thing I saw—a Triton agent. He went down and it got silent.
“Nice shot hot head.” Ivan said.
I glared at him, “Fuck you.”
He laughed, “Let’s move on Crew.”
“That’s my line.” Cole fumed.
Ivan looked at him and shrugged, “It doesn’t fit you.” He stood up and crept away.
I looked at Cole, “Boss, can I kill him?”
“Not yet.” He answered, “Come on.”

COLE

Ivan was a fucking show off, taking my shit. Screw him! 
I sighed and calmed down a bit.
Ivan, whatever his last name was, is a bitch. I can’t say that aloud due to him killing us. The guy’s crazy, mentally insane—like Ken.
But worse, the dude would threaten a bird.
“Which way boss?” Ken asked me.
“To the left, we have to meet up with Vern and Dane.” I informed.
“I don’t like them.” Ivan scolded, “How long did you know them?”
We stopped behind a wall and I rolled my eyes, “Focus on the job.”
He laughed, “Right, because your Crew always does that.”
I just wanted to shoot him in the middle of the head right then and there, but someone, and I know who, came out of the dark to talk to us.
“Funny seeing you here Cole!” Felix yelled, “Well, I guess it wouldn’t be funny being that I expected you and your Crew to be here to kill me.”
I motioned to Ken and Ivan to quickly move over to the other side of the hall. They did.
“But Cole, what I don’t understand is why you chose to come here when half your team is in the ruins.” Felix said.
I stood up, took off my goggles and came out of the open, “See that’s the thing Felix, it doesn’t matter if half my team is in the ruins, we’re still a Crew wither you like it or not. So, you can tear and rip us apart all you like… We’ll still come back to whip your ass.”
He laughed, “There’s my mate, how you been?”
“What the fuck does it matter to you?” I laughed.
Felix cocked his head, “It matters because of how you gonna be in about 10.5 seconds. Ivan!”
Behind me Ivan came out with Ken at gun point, Kenneth mumbling under his breath` words I shall not repeat. Ivan pushed him next to me and pressed the gun to my head.
“I knew you weren’t trustable.” I said to Ivan.
He smirked, “Did you really?”
I looked at Felix, “So you have us, big deal, what’s next?”
He looked at the agent next to him, “Take his weapon and go to the basement, there’s someone I want you to meet.”
The agent nodded and came up to me, snatching my pistol and walking past me to find Joey who was on guard in the basement.
“Don’t hurt him Felix.” I said.
He smiled, “I’m going to do more than hurt him.”
A gun shot made me jump and turn to run, but two Triton agents grabbed me and held me back.
“No!” I yelled, “Joey!”
“You son of a bitch!” Ken went at Felix but as he came close Felix sucker punched him in the face.
Ken dropped to the ground holding his bloody nose, cursing.
“Don’t fuck with me asshole!” Felix yelled, “I will make your entire team my bloody bitches!”
I turned to him, “Oh really?”
He made his bitch face and looked at his agent on his right, “Take them to the interrogation room, there’s something I want them to see.”

KENNETH

My nose was bloody as Cole helped me up. I could kill Felix. 
They led us towards the interrogation room, which, in good timing, was a long way from the front of the agency, where we were.
As we went past the agents each of them stared at us, gave us dirty looks and I recognized a few of them.
“Ken, is that, Gordon?” Cole whispered to me.
I looked over to where he was looking, yes; it was the asshole Gordon and his team of law breakers.
 “Keep moving!” an asshole shoved us forward.
I growled, “Bite me.”
The asshole grabbed the back of my head and got in my face, “Do I look like the type of person to be fucking with?”
“To be truthful… You look gay.”
He threw me to the ground, “Who do you think you are?”
I got up and got in his face, “I think I’m Kenneth fucking Meginley.”
He snorted, “Take this punk into the interrogation room.”
Two hands opened the door in front of us and we were pushed in to the ground.
I looked up, “Sean!”
The door slammed shut behind us and we both got up and went to our friend’s side.
“Shit Sean.” Cole sounded upset.
Sean was tied to a chair, face bloody and a stab wound on his side. He wasn’t moving.
Cole bent down next to him, “Come on Sean, not like this, you can’t go out like this.”
He started shaking his shoulders, “No, man. I can’t lose you like this, fuck, Sean!”
“Cole…” 
“No, this can’t happen, not again,” He cried shaking Sean’s shoulders and lifting his head.
“Cole.”
“First Alan, then Ken, now you? Come on man!” He cried.
“Cole!” I yelled.
“What!” He looked at me with tears in his eyes.
“He’s gone.” I sympathized.
He got up and paced the room, “No, no, no, I can’t lose another not in a time like this.” He went back to Sean and felt his pulse.
He looked at me with his eyes wide, “We have to get him out of here, take him to a hospital.”
“He’s alive?” I asked.
He walked to the locked door, “Barely.”
I looked at the mirror, I knew behind it was Felix or some of his agents.
“Cole.” I looked at him, “I got a plan.”
He cocked his head, “Go on…”

COLE

“Oh Felix!” Ken yelled facing the mirror in the interrogation room.
I looked at him, “This ain’t going to work.”
He shushed me, “Don’t jinx it.”
I rolled my eyes, “Felix! Felix I have to tell you something!”
It was silent.
“What’re you doing?” Ken asked.
“Trying something,” I informed, “Felix! Do you want to know what happened to your father?!”
It was still silent.
“Well he killed himself!” I yelled, “The bastard took himself out of your life!”
I looked at Ken, “And Felix! We were your father’s best agents before he betrayed us!”
I looked back at the mirror, “We cared for him, he trained us to do what we do today,” I looked down, “We wouldn’t be agents if it weren’t for Jesse.”
“Isn’t that touching?” An unfamiliar voice said in a speaker phone from behind the mirror, “Felix is not here though, want me to take a message?”
I rolled my eyes, “Shit.”
Ken shrugged, “I guess it’s time for plan B. Pick up a chair.”
“What?” I asked confused.
“Just trust me. Pick up a fucking chair and follow my lead.” He said.
“Okay.” I picked up one of the chairs that were next to Sean, one of two.
Ken did the same, “On the count of three.”
I nodded.
“One, two…”
“What’re you doing?” The guy asked.
“Three!” Ken yelled.
I flung the chair at the mirror as Ken did. The chairs hit the mirror and the glass shattered into a million pieces.
“Get them!” Ken yelled.
I ran and dived through the broken mirror and attacked one of the guys that were standing behind it. He had a silenced pistol.
I took it from him and shot him in the head. I looked over at Ken, a great hand-to-hand combat expert, he was kicking ass.
He punched the guy in the face and he fell on his back, old cold.
“Nice.” I smiled.
He rubbed his fist, “Thanks, now come on.”
We left the room and went back into the interrogation room to help Sean out of the chair.
As we were untying him he came to it, just barely.
He smiled and mumbled, “Break a mirror, seven years bad luck.”
I laughed, “I’m not really worried about that right now man.”
He laughed, “I’m sorry.”
“Don’t even worry about that man.” Ken said.
We grabbed each of his arms and carried him out of the interrogation room.
“Ken, take him out of the agency, take him to the hospital. I’m going to get Felix.” I informed.
“Alone?” He asked.
I handed him the silenced pistol, “I believe in you.”
He smiled, “I was talking about you.”
I smiled, “I know.”
He took the pistol, “Good luck boss.”
“I’ll need it.” I huffed.
He smiled, turned and walked away. I sighed and turned, walking down the hall silently.
The agency seemed empty, I mean, there should at least be agents about. There are none where I am.
I had no weapon, no communication with Vern and Dane, and no idea where anyone was. I was alone and unarmed.
I got against a wall and proceeded forward stealthily. I noticed to my left was a room filled with weapons.
“This wasn’t here before.” I thought to myself.
I looked around then went in.
“Damn…” I mumbled.
There was a silenced pistol on a stool, I took it and check it for a magazine. It was full. I smiled and grabbed two more clips, stuffing them in my pant pockets.

“This is bullshit!” Someone yelled in the hall, “Felix is a complete idiot!”
I quickly hid in a pitch black room next to me as they came in.
“You have to give him some credit; this place is home for the homeless agents.” The other said.
“Yeah, but it’s stupid, I mean they aren’t going to escape, they’re locked in the interrogation room.”
“They might.” The one informed.
“Whatever, come on, grab a weapon, we have to dispose of Derek,” 
I froze, Derek? Uh-oh…
“Yeah man, shame too, I was starting to like him and his crew too.” One said.
As they turned I came out and shot them both in the back of the head silently. They fell to the ground and I stepped over them and left the room with the pistol I had taken.
I continued down the hall with my pistol at ready. One light was out and flickering as I walked underneath it and past it.
I realized that the lights were back on. I shook my head and looked behind me. 
“They have to be somewhere.” I thought.
“Cole.” A familiar voice whispered behind me.
I turned, “Joey?”
Joey came up to me, “How’d you get free, where’s Ken?”
“He took Sean to the hospital.” I informed him.
“Is he okay?”
“We found him tied to a chair with a stab wound to his side; he lost a lot a blood and was unconscious.” I said.
He nodded, “I was coming to look for you two after Felix grabbed you guys.”
I huffed, “We were in the interrogation room.”
“Damn, the only place I didn’t check.” 
I smiled, “Did you see Vern and Dane?”
He shook his head, “No, you?”
“No.” I admitted.
He pointed behind him, “Well they aren’t that way.”
“Is anyone on that side?” I asked.
“I killed a bunch of off guard agents and then they started to disappear.” He responded.
I nodded, “Let’s go back to the front.”
“Okay, hopefully we’ll find the guys.”
“Yeah,” I sighed, “Hopefully.”

JOEY

“So you thought I was dead?” I asked Cole as we walked back to the front of the agency.
He peeked around the corner, “Yeah, we heard a gunshot and thought that guy had killed you.”
I laughed, “Ha, I can’t die.”
Cole waved, “Let’s go.”
I nodded and we ran to the front door.
“Hold it!” a familiar voice yelled.
We froze and turned.
“Oh shit.” Cole held his hands up in surrender.
I copied.
“Look who it is.” Marshall said.
“You son of a bitch,” Cole miffed.
Marshall was the guy at the hospital when I was drugged a while back. Sean talks about him.
“What’re you doing here?” I asked him.
“Looking for my cousin,” He informed lowering the gun.
“You’re not going to kill us?” I asked.
He shook his head, “No. Bye.”
“Wait, we sure could use your help.” Cole suggested.
Marshall perked his lips, “On one condition.”
“What?” Cole asked.
“You promise not to kill me.”
I looked at Cole, “Boss…”
Cole looked at Marshall, “Fine.”
Marshall smiled, “Good.”
I rolled my eyes, “Great.”
Marshall walked past us.
Cole looked at me, “Give him a chance,” He leaned in, “If it seems strange, put a bullet in him.”
“You two coming?” Marshall asked us.
Cole looked at him, “Yup.” He started towards him.
I sighed, “Okay, but I call the shots!”
“You wish Captain Bob.” Cole laughed.
I followed him, “You’re an ass.”
“I know.” He chipped.
“Pay attention!” Marshall yelled.
We stopped at a corner. The room in front of us was filled with Triton agents, they were taking point all around the room, with their weapons aimed at the doorway in front of us.
“That’s where they all went.” Cole huffed.
“Yeah, they’ve been there for a while. Felix ordered them to gather and shoot anything that moves within the doorway.” Marshall informed.
“Is there another way to—“
“Cole Phillips!” a voice yelled from inside of the room, “We have something you may want back!”
Cole peeked into the room, “Oh shit,” He looked at us, “They have Vern and Dane.”

KENNETH

 After I made it out of the agency safely, I took Sean to the hospital. They took him right away.
I waited in the waiting room until he was out of surgery.
I have to say, I was worried. He lost a lot of blood from the wound. I hated Felix. We all did.
When the doctor told me that I could go in and see him, he also said that he was asleep and that I couldn’t stay long.
I went in and sat down next to him in a chair.
“Hey bud.” I knew he couldn’t hear me, but whatever.
“We’ve been friends since forever, right?” I smiled, “We’ve been through everything together. But, I told some lies to the Crew, to boss. You’re probably going to hate me if I tell you the truth, but what the hell right?”
I sighed, “I lied about my name. I’m not Kenneth Meginley. I’m Kenneth Williams, son of Mary and Kevin Williams… I’m your older brother man.”

COLE

So that’s where Vern and Dane went.
And to think I had thought they were lost somewhere in the agency.
Marshall cocked his gun, “I suppose they’re your friends?”
I nodded, “Kind of, yeah.”
He nodded, “Well, let’s save them.”
“Good idea sport!” Joey mocked in an accent.
I laughed, “Joey, stop being a dick.”
Marshall had a bitch face, “Or, we cannot save them and let Felix kill them?”
Joey looked down and mumbled, “You’re a party pooper.”
“I got an idea, but it would take mad skills.” Marshall informed.

JOEY

“I’m going to need you to infiltrate into the basement and cut the lights.” He ordered.
I looked at Cole, “You do it.”
Cole cocked his head, “I don’t know, it does take mad skills to pull off something like that.”
Marshall nodded, “Mad people skills.”
I sighed, “Boss.”
“Fine,” Cole pouted away.
I looked at Marshall, “So, you’re good all of a sudden?”
He shrugged, “I guess.”
“What’s your story?”
He sighed, “I came for Bobby.”
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“Bobby’s supposed to be in here.”
“Why do you care?” 
He sighed, “He’s my—“
“Let me guess, brother?” I cut him off.
He shook his head, “Cousin.”
“Ah.”
“We grew up together, me, him, and Frankie. But, of course Frankie was a jerk.” He informed.
“Yeah… Wait, what about John?” I asked.
He shrugged, “Yeah, I guess he was around too, John was a loner.”
I cocked my head to the side, “Really?”
“Yeah, people made fun of him at school. Well, until Frankie did something about it.”
“What’d he do?” I asked.
“He fucked up some kid who called John a loser.” He informed.
I nodded, “Damn, so Frankie was protective.”
“Yeah, towards John, not Bobby,”
“Why?”
He shrugged, “I don’t know.”
Suddenly the lights shut off and everything was dark. I put on my night vision goggles.
“You’re a lucky son of a bitch.” Marshall said.
“Why?” I asked.
“Because you can see,”
I laughed.
“Hey guys.” Cole whispered.
“Yeah?”
“I can’t see shit.” 
I don’t know why, but I laughed my ass off and started clapping like a fucking seal. I needed that laugh.
“Pull it together!” Marshall hissed at me, “You guys are the only people in the world that will screw around during a mission.”
Cole came up to us, “We get that from Sean.”
Marshall rolled his eyes, “Get low, and follow Joey,” He nodded to me, “Go.”
COLE

We entered the room filled with agents silently. The entire agency was dark only Joey could see. They had taken my goggles away from me.
We grabbed each other’s shirts and crept along behind all of the agents.
“I can’t see!” an agent yelled.
 “Shut up and shoot anything you see!” another responded.
We made it to the right side of the room before the lights came back on and Joey took the goggles off.
“What now?” Joey whispered.
I looked around, “Kill them?”
Marshall shook his head, “I got another idea.”
“What?” I asked him.
“How good can you guys act?”
Joey and I looked at each other.


JOEY

“QUICK!” I bellowed, “There’s a bomb about to go off!”
Cole came out next to me, “Go, before it’s too late!”
The agents looked at us insanely, they stayed still.
“Go! Now!” I yelled.
Some of them ran out of the room, others stayed looking confused.
I looked at them, “You have a minute! Save yourselves!”
More of them ran out of the building, but still a little but stayed.
“Go!” Cole yelled at them.
“Shut up Cole.” A familiar voice said.
Cole cocked his head to the side, “Holy shit, I know I don’t see who I think I see.”
Gordon came up to us with his team behind him.
“I heard you were in town, but I didn’t think it was true. Why’re you in here?” Cole asked.
“I’m a Triton agent,” He smiled, “What about you?”
“I came to destroy it; this is the agency that betrayed me and my Crew.” Cole informed.
Gordon nodded, “Have you seen Derek?”
Cole shook his head, “No.”
“Why?” I asked.
“He’s our boss.” He informed.
Cole nodded, “I know. Thanks again.”
“For what?” I looked at him.
“The plan went well.” Gordon smiled.
“What plan?” I asked.
Cole looked at me, “After Derek went to the Triton agency; I called Gordon to see if he could act as his new crew.”
“Oh.”
Gordon nodded, “Plan went well; he didn’t expect a thing.”
“Good, now could you help us? We need our friends back.” Cole said.
Gordon nodded and turned to his team, “Kill the agents.”
His team nodded then turned to the rest of the agents that stood by Vern and Dane.
They lifted their hands up and shot the three agents that were next to them. Then Vern and Dane came up to us.
I started laughing, “How’d you get caught?”
Dane gave his bitch face, “Your mom.”
I laughed, “Screw you.”
Marshall looked at Cole, “We done here?”
He shook his head, “Not even close. I need to find Felix and Derek.”
“Yeah, I need to find Bobby too.” Marshall cocked his weapon.
“I guess this is goodbye?” I suggested.
Marshall looked at me, “Yeah man… bye,” He faced Cole, “It was fun.”
“Yeah, thanks again.” Cole held out his hand.
They shook hands.
Marshall turned and walked out of the room to finish looking for his cousin.

COLE

“What now boss?” Joey asked me.
I sighed, “We have to search the—“
A familiar face caught my attention.
“Hello Cole.” Derek said coming up to us.
“Aren’t you a badass?” Joey mocked.
He rolled his eyes and looked at me, “I came for blood.”
“Why do this?” I asked him.
He shrugged, “I like the fight.”
“Where’s Felix?” Joey asked.
Derek rolled his eyes, “Not here ass.”
Joey sighed, “Okay then.”
“How are going to do this?” I asked.
“Fight to the death.” Derek informed
I huffed, “Why?”
“Derek!” Joey yelled, “We’re your friends! You don’t kill your friends!”
“No Joey, it’s okay. He wants to fight, we’ll fight.” I said.
Derek smiled, “No weapons.”
I nodded and handed Vern my pistol.
Derek backed up and put his hands up, “Come on boss; show me what you can do.”
I sighed then stepped forward and put my hands up. Derek came at me, kicked and kicked with each foot but missed.
I pushed each foot away and smacked him in the face.
“Get him Cole!” Dane cheered.
I rolled my eyes and Derek caught me in the jaw. I stumbled backwards and held my jaw.
“Ouch.” I huffed.
He smiled, “Sorry boss.”
I sighed, “I’ve heard that before.”
I shook my hands and put them up, “Come at me.”
Derek smiled and charged. He grabbed me and threw me onto the ground behind him. Gordon stepped up and grabbed Derek.
“Calm down boss.” He ordered.
Derek pulled away, “Get off me; I knew your guys’ trick! You got on my team so I wouldn’t have a new crew!”
“This is crazy!” Joey yelled.
Derek shook his head, “No, this is life.” 
“This isn’t what life’s about!” I stood up, “Life is about making choices and being happy!”
“I am happy, and I am making a choice!” He informed.
“Yeah, but is it the right choice?” Joey asked.
Derek looked at him, “Fuck you white boy!”
“Derek, that’s so racist.” A familiar voice joked behind me.
I turned, “Ken, what’re you doing?”
“Proving a point, Derek, I think Sean has something to say.”
Derek looked down, “Why’d you bring him here?”
Sean was leaning on Ken, “Don’t talk to me like I’m not here, I heard your story.”
“What am I some kind of legend?” Derek asked.
Sean shifted, “Sort of, man listen, you need to chill.”
“What do you mean chill?”
“I mean stop with the shit!” Sean yelled, “We’ve been friends forever and Felix can’t change that!”
“Looks like he already did!” Derek argued.
Sean sighed, “Remember that job in Vegas we did?”
“Don’t start Sean…”
“Remember Henry?” Sean asked, “Do you remember what he did to me?! And do you remember what you said to me as my friend?!”
Derek sighed and looked away.
“You said that throughout it all, we’d always be tight. Even when the monsters try to pull us apart,” Sean said, “Do you even remember those words? How many times do they cross through your mind?! Because they cross through my damn mind every fucking day,”
A tear ran down Derek’s face as he lifted his head up, “You don’t think, not for a second, that I don’t think about those words? That I don’t blame myself for what Henry did to you? Because I do, every damn day I blame myself for not finding you earlier.”
“You told me that you never did understand the true value of friendship. Is that what all this is? Trying to understand the value of friendship? Because all you had to do was come to me, I would have told you.” Sean looked at him.
Derek laughed, “Never thought about that.”
Sean smiled, “What do you say? Come back to the Crew?”
“We need ya bud.” I told him.
“The Crew is not The Crew with four people.” Ken informed.
“You’re the fifth Musketeer.” Joey added.
“What do you say?” Sean asked.
Derek sighed, “I’m sorry, for everything, I just…”
“We know.” I smiled.
“It just seemed like a good deal at the time.” Ken smiled.
Derek laughed, “I guess so.”
“Isn’t this sweet?” a familiar British voice miffed, “Too bad it’s over in three… two… one…”
Felix whipped out a pistol, aimed it at me, and fired.
“Boss!”

SEAN

As they lowered the casket, we all said our final goodbyes. Joey, Ken, and Derek and I were in tears—our boss, our couch, our trainer… our lifelong friend, gone. 
After Felix shot him, Joey, Derek and I ran to his side, Ken ran after Felix who ran after he dropped the gun.
We didn’t get to see Cole after he was taken to the hospital. The ambulance came sooner than expected, but we were told it was too late.
As they were filling the hole with the dirt, what was left of the Crew walked past me and put their hand on my shoulder.
People we knew, like James, Dane, Vern, Gordon and his team, and Marshall and Bobby were at the funeral.
They each left and it was Ken and I left at the cemetery. I noticed to my right a familiar face.
Felix.
“You son of a bitch!” I charged him.
I went to swing but he just stood there.
“Nice to see you here bro,” His British accent was annoying.
“Fuck you! What the fuck are you doing here?!” I yelled.
“Have some respect, you are at a funeral.” 
I pushed him back, “Fuck you!”
“Don’t touch me.” He looked down.
“You killed my boss!” I seethed, “I should fucking kill you right now!”
“Stop!” he yelled, “Listen to me!”
I sighed, “What the fuck do you have to say?”
“Things you see aren’t the truth.”
“What the fuck does that mean?” I asked.
“You see those people over there in the suits and sunglasses?” He nodded behind me.
I looked over my shoulder to three guys in suits who were behind Ken.
I looked at Felix, “Who are they?”
“That’s for you to find out.” He turned and walked off.
Ken ran up to me, “I thought you were for sure going to kill him.”
I looked at the guys behind him.
“Sean?” Ken studied me, “You okay?”
I looked at him, “Yeah, I’m fine… Bro…”
Ken looked at me, “This stays between us.”
I put my arm around him and we started walking away, “But you have to tell me… how in the world are we related?”
He laughed, “Sean, can I ask you a question?”
I nodded, “Sure, bro, what’s up?”
He looked down as a smile tug at his lip, “Do you remember Alan?”
I took my hand away, “Of course. Why?”
He sighed, “Boss said something about him when we found you in that chair.”
“What’d he say?” I asked.
“Said he couldn’t lose another agent like he lost Alan,” He informed.
“And he didn’t.” I sympathized.
Ken nodded, “Thank god.”
I smiled, “That all he said?”
“Yeah, why?”
I shrugged, “Nothing.”
He studied me, “You alright?”
I looked back at the men in suits who were standing in the same spot, “Yeah…”
Ken looked over my shoulder, “Who are they?”
I shrugged, “I honestly don’t know.”
He snorted, “Then I’m going to find out.”
Ken stomped past me and stormed up to the men in suits, they saw him coming and ran. Ken, being the smart one, didn’t follow. 
When they were out of sight, he turned and came back to me.
“So, I’m guessing you never got to introduce yourself?” I asked.
He sighed and looked behind him, “I recognized them.”
“You did?”
He nodded, “Yeah…” 
“Who were they?”
He sighed and looked at me, “They were Ryan’s agents.”
“What were they doing here?” I questioned.
He shrugged, “No clue.”
I huffed, “Call Joey and Derek, we’re going to find out what they were doing here.”

KENNETH

Sean and I called the Crew, well, what’s left of it. They met us at the agency and we went in causing trouble.
“Where’s Ryan?!” Joey asked an agent.
The woman pointed to the right.
“Thank you.” Sean winked at her.
I rolled my eyes, “Idiot.”
We strolled in a line towards Ryan’s office.
“Ryan Barson!” Derek yelled.
Ryan came out of his office with his arms crossed, “Where’s Cole at?”
We stopped in front of him.
“Fuck you Ryan!” Sean snapped.
Joey looked at him, “Chill fish.”
“What’d you just say?!” Sean asked.
Joey rolled his eyes, “You heard me. Now shut up and stay still.”
Sean huffed and crossed his arms.
“Now Ryan,” I looked at the leader of our agency, “May we come in and talk to you?”
Ryan nodded, “Yes, come in.”
I smiled, “Good, come on Crew.”
We started forward and went into Ryan’s office. He motioned for us to sit, but there were only two seats in front of his desk.
Joey and I took them.
“What can I do you for?” Ryan asked sitting in his chair.
“We like to talk to you about our boss.” I informed.
“Cole? What about him?” He asked.
Joey sighed, “He’s dead.”
Ryan perked his lips, “Oh, I’m sorry.”
“No you’re not.” I shook my head.
He looked at me, “Excuse me?”
“Don’t play games with us Ryan; we know what you’re up to.” Derek said.
“Says the one who turned his back on the people who needed him the most,” Ryan looked at Derek.
“Hey!” Sean snapped, “You better watch your fucking mouth!”
“You too!” Ryan yelled, “You all are fucked up in the head! I even wonder why Cole called you friends! Or even his team!”
“Fuck you!” We screamed.
We started talking at once.
“Fuck you Ryan!” Derek yelled.
“You’re an asshole!” Joey added.
“Yeah! You fish!” Guess who.
I shook my head, “Quiet guys.”
They looked at me.
“Now Ryan, I know you didn’t mean to insult my friends, now did you?” I looked at him.
He looked at me and swallowed, “You don’t scare me Kenneth.”
I smiled, “I don’t?”
He shook his head, “What do you want?”
“I want to know why your agents were at our boss’ funeral.” I informed.
He coughed, “We weren’t.”
“Bullshit!” Joey stood up, “We saw your agents!”
“You sure?” Ryan asked.
Joey looked at me.
I nodded, “Yeah, we are.”
“Mm-hm, and you did what after your boss was shot?”
“What the fuck does that matter?!” I yelled at him.
“Nothing,” He admitted, “I just wanted to make sure you actually tried to do something after your boss was shot, like kill his assassin.”
I huffed, “Yeah, we did.”
“Good,” He smiled, “Let’s see who actually cares—who chased him?”
We got quiet.
“Ken did.” Derek informed.
Ryan nodded, “You know they say that the one who was there at the beginning cares the most.”
I rolled my eyes, “We all care.”
“Yeah, and I’m gay.” Ryan joked.
Sean laughed, “You are gay.”
We laughed and Ryan stared at him.
Sean smiled, “You’re being an ass so I have the right to call you gay.”
Ryan huffed, “Dick.”
Sean laughed, “What!? I’m stating a fact!”
We laughed.
“Sean, I don’t think Ryan knows how to take a joke.” I informed.
Ryan gave his bitch face, “Get out of my office.”
Joey laughed, “Nah man.”
“Yeah,” I looked at him, “We actually came to quit.”
“Can’t do that,” He said.
“What do you mean?” Joey asked.
“I mean, you can’t quit, you’re my agents for life.” Ryan informed.
I shook my head and stood up, “No way, how?”
“Your boss came in and signed a contract, if he dies; The Crew becomes the P.O.O.P Agency’s property.” 
“What?” Joey gawked.
Ryan nodded and held a piece of paper up in front of us, “Proof.”
I looked at Joey, “He didn’t.”
“Oh, but he did!” Ryan cheered, “Now leave!” Joey got up and we exited Ryan’s office.
We walked down the hall with Ryan yelling as we exited.
“Yeah, you better leave!” 
“And make sure you check in!”
“We now own you!”
“You’re our bitches!”
We walked down the stairs as I grumbled, “Can’t wait to shoot him.”
“Trust me,” Joey said, “You’ll get your chance.”
JOEY

“Boss is a dick.” Sean sighed.
“It’s not his fault man.” Derek informed him.
“Yeah, he was probably tricked into it, knowing fucking Ryan.” Ken plopped down on the couch.
We were in our safe house and it was around two in the morning.
“I just wish he was alive again.” I admitted.
“Yeah,” They agreed.
“Guy’s I have to tell you something.” Ken said.
“What?” I asked.
He sighed, “It’s something about Alan.”
We were silent. We haven’t talked about or mentioned our old friend Alan Loki in almost ten years. He was the sixth member in The Crew. He was there from the beginning until he went M.I.A.
“What about him?” Derek asked.
“Well before boss died, when we found this one in the interrogation room,” Ken pointed to Sean, “Boss said something about Alan.”
“What’s he say?” I questioned.
“He just said that he can’t lose another agent like he lost Alan.” He informed.
“Oh, what does that mean?” Derek asked.
Ken shrugged, “I don’t know, but I think Alan’s still alive.”
“No, he couldn’t be, it’s been ten years.” I informed.
“I know it sounds strange, but think about it. When Alan went missing, we vowed to never speak about him due to the Triton Agency making us continue, right?” He asked.
We nodded.
“And to think, his body was never found, right?” He continued, “Face it guys, he’s still alive.”
We were silent.
“Well if he’s still alive, then we have to find him.” Sean ordered.
“Yeah, you’re right.” Ken agreed.
“A new job boss?” I looked at Ken.
“Joey…” He sighed.
“You’re our new leader Ken.” Derek said. 
Ken smiled, “Maybe I am.”
“And maybe you’re not gay.” Sean laughed.
Ken held up his hand, “Sean please, don’t ruin the moment.”
“Fine, I take it back, you are gay.” He smiled.
Derek and I laughed.
Ken huffed, “You’re an ass.”
“And your brother,” Sean miffed.
“Hold up!” I held, “What?”
“Nothing,” Ken growled.
“Me and Kenneth are related.” Sean smiled.
“Shut the fuck up!” Ken pulled his fist back.
“What!?” Sean flinched, “We are!”
I smiled, “Holy shit.”
“No way!” Derek looked at me, “Tell me this ain’t so.”
“It is!” Sean chirped.
Ken sighed, “Found out back when we first started.”
“Ten years ago?!” I asked.
He nodded, “Sorry for the secret.”
“But wait, how the hell are you guys related?” Derek asked.
“Long story,” Ken sighed.
“It all started with his dad fucking my mom.” Sean laughed.
“You’re an idiot.”  Ken rolled his eyes.
“No, I’m a genius!” he cheered.
“Whatever.” Ken huffed.
I smiled, “Look at the cute brothers.”
Derek laughed, “Dude it’s going to be so fun fucking with them.”
I smiled, “Who’s older?”
Derek looked at me, “We all know Sean’s a baby.”
I laughed, “Yeah I know.”
“Fishes,” Sean mumbled.
Derek and I laughed.
“I’m sorry, it’s just too funny.” I laughed.
Sean rolled his is eyes, “I hate each of you to a different level.”
“You know damn well you love us.” I smiled.
Sean looked down and smiled, “Cole said something like that to me a while back.”
“Oh,” I looked at him.
Ken placed his hand on Sean’s shoulder, “We miss him too man.”
I sighed, “He wasn’t just a leader, but a best friend.”
“More than a friend; like a freaking brother.” Derek added.
Sean started towards the front door.
“Where are you going?” Derek asked.
Sean turned; “Ya’ll coming?” he turned back around.
We got up and started towards the front door.
He turned again and winked, “Might want to bring a weapon.”

DEREK

When we pulled up to Cole’s house I knew something was up. We didn’t know where we were going before we pulled up in his drive way.
“What’re we doing here Sean?” Ken asked.
Sean got out of the van and approached the house.
I sighed and looked at the guys, “Let’s go in.”
We got out and followed Sean.
“Where are you going?” I asked Sean.
He messed with the doorknob, “Who has a lock pick?”
“We’re not going to break into Cole’s house.” Joey said.
Sean looked back at us, “I need a fucking lock pick! Will you help me or not?!”
“Okay!” Joey yelled, “Here, I have one.”
He dug into his pocket and took out the lock pick and handed it to Sean. Sean started messing with the lock and soon opened it.
We entered Cole’s house slowly, looking for police around in the streets.
“Haven’t been in here in almost a year,” Ken informed.
“I know right, seems so…”
“Strange.” Sean finished Joey’s words.
I sighed, “Almost different.”
“I think he did get new furniture.” Ken smiled.
“Ha-ha-ha, very funny Meginley,” Joey rolled his eyes.
Ken smiled and looked around.
“What are we doing here for?” I asked Sean.
He sighed, “We came here to look for clues.”
“For what?” Ken asked.
“Boss had a secret.” He informed.
“I think we all have our secrets.” Ken huffed.
Sean shook his head, “No, his secret was big, bigger than any of ours.”
“Whatcha think it was?” I asked.
He shrugged, “That’s what we came to find out.”
“But how do you know he had a secret in the first place?” Ken asked.
Sean looked down, “He uh, told me.”
“What?” Ken looked confused.
“How?” I questioned.
“He left me a note in my mailbox.”
We looked at each other.
“You don’t think that there’s a note in our mail?” I looked at Ken.
“Probably not,” Ken smirked, “But I guess we’ll find out now wont we.”
“For now, we look around for clues to Cole’s secret. That’s what he wants.” Joey informed.
We nodded and started looking around Cole’s house. I went into the kitchen and looked inside the oven.
“Hey, Derek, why don’t you go look in his bedroom?” Ken suggested.
I looked at him, “Why?”
He shrugged, “Just a suggestion.”
I shut the oven and came up to him, “You think I take orders from you?”
He looked at me, “Whoa, Derek what the fuck?”
I pushed him, “Do I look like a guy who takes orders from a sick person like you?”
“Derek.” Sean cautioned.
I looked Ken in the eyes and winked, “Gotcha.”
He laughed and looked away, “Dude, you almost made me shoot you.”
“That would have been a boner.” Sean laughed.
“What?” I looked at him.
He laughed and waved his hand, “Inside joke.”
I shook my head and started into Cole’s room.
“You’re an idiot Sean.” I heard Joey say.
I opened Cole’s bedroom door and went in. The place seemed normal, a bed, a dresser, a night stand, and even a TV.
I smiled; boss had his normal life in his hand the entire time. Nice cover up.
But being a hit man does come with its perks. I mean we do keep the creeps off of the streets and that’s a plus.
I sighed and clapped my hands, “Let’s get started then.”

SEAN

Some things are better left unsaid.
I learnt that from experience. After Derek went into Cole’s old room we started fighting. And I mean talking to each other in a childish way. I was the center of it all.
“You’re an idiot Sean.” Joey rolled his eyes.
I sucked my teeth, “Screw you white boy!”
“That’s Derek’s line.” Ken sighed.
“Well now it’s mine.” I seethed.
“As if,” Joey rolled his eyes.
“Why don’t we get back to work?” Ken suggested.
“Nah, I’d just like messing with the idiot.” Joey laughed.
“Why would you mess with Ken?” I asked.
“I’m talking about you dumbass.” Joey informed.
I knit my eyes, “You’re an asshole!”
Joey smiled, “I know.”
I rolled my eyes, “Idiot.”
“Who’s the idiot!?” Joey yelled.
“You are!” I argued.
“Pssh, as if,” 
Cole’s bedroom door opened and Derek came out, “Guys, I found something.”
“What is it?” Ken asked.
He held up a pistol in a plastic bag, “I found this.”
Joey sighed and turned, “A freaking gun in a plastic bag, whoopty damn doo.”
“It’s not just an ordinary bag,” Derek informed, “It’s an evidence bag.”
“Who’s evidence?” Ken asked.
Derek looked at the bag closely, “Loki.”
“You don’t think…” Joey cocked his head.
Ken looked at Derek, “Does it have a date?”
Derek looked at it then back up at us, “11/23…2013.”
“Shit…” Ken looked down.
“Why would boss have this?” Joey asked.
“I was right,” Ken smiled, “The bastard’s alive.”
“Maybe…” Joey started.
Ken shook his head, “No, he is. Why would Cole have a phony evidence bag?”
“It makes total sense!” I boasted, “Boss knew Alan was alive the entire time, he lied to us…He wanted to help Alan alone.”
“Or maybe he didn’t tell us due to him being K.I.A?” Derek suggested.
I shook my head, “No, he knew Alan was alive for a while. He just didn’t tell us.”
“What makes you say that?” Ken asked.
I sighed and took out the note that Cole had given me and read it aloud:

“Dear Sean,
I know times were tough, but we stuck it through. The Crew has been through a lot, and I mean a shit load of crap.
But isn’t that what makes us so special?
If you are reading this, then I am no longer with you. I just wanted you to know that even though you were kicked out, you’re still a part huge part of this Crew. Without you there wouldn’t be laughter and an upside to our missions.
The reason I am saying this is to inform you that our biggest mission is not over. Jesse is gone, and now our biggest threat is Felix.
But before we can kill him like we all want, we have to get through something big, something we’ve all been ignoring, what I’ve been ignoring.
I’ve kept a secret, a dark secret that you all will probably hate me when you find out. But before you find out there are some clues you will have to find that leads to my secret.
Until then, get ready for hell because that’s what it’s going to be until you find out the truth.
Sincerely,
Your boss and friend, CP

P.S. The first clue is this: 
Look no further because it’s right down the street. Just take a left."


“That boss, always taking the long way to explain things,” Joey sighed.
I folded the paper and put it back in my pocket.
“What did the last part mean?” Derek asked.
“The P.S?” I questioned.
He nodded.
“I didn’t know at first either, but then I looked it over and sorted it out.” I said.
“What’d you get?” Ken asked.
“Cole’s house,” Joey awed.
I nodded, “Yeah.”
“What?” Derek looked confused.
“Because think about it, what’s down the street and to the left of the safe house?” I looked at them.
They were silent.
“Cole’s house!” I informed, “Come on guys, didn’t know you were that stupid.”
“Shut up Sean,” Ken huffed, “We got the first clue, now let’s go.”

JOEY

We went back to the safe house and took the clue with us. We didn’t know what to do when we got there. We started to lie around and think—then someone got an idea.
“What if we go ask Josh?” Sean suggested.
I huffed, “Nah, let’s not bother him.”
“Why?” Ken asked, “That’s a brilliant idea.”
“Yeah ask the cop about the case.” Derek said.
I sighed, “Don’t expect me to come.”
“Come on! Joey, he’s your brother.” Ken informed.
I rolled my eyes, “Don’t mean I want to see him.”
“Don’t be a dick.” Sean huffed.
“I’m not being a dick, I’m just saying!” I explained.
“Well don’t, come on, we’re going.” Ken grabbed my shirt and lifted me up from the couch.
“Why’re you doing this to me?” I asked.
“Because he’s your brother, you should go talk to him.” Ken said.
I stopped in my tracks, “But it’s awkward!”
“I don’t care!” He pushed my back.
We went out the door.
“But it’s awkward!”

KENNETH

“What can I do for you boys?” an officer asked.
We were at Josh’s police station.
Sean came in front of me with a smile on his face, “Remember me?”
The officer gave his bitch face, “How could I forget?”
“Did you remember my glazed donuts?” Sean asked.
I pushed him aside, “We’re here to see Josh Walker.”
The officer nodded, “As always. Give me a minute.”
He turned and walked off.
I looked at Sean, “What the fuck is wrong with you? Seriously,”
He shrugged, “People like you don’t get it.”
“People like me?” I asked, “You mean the smart ones?”
He rolled his eyes, “Yeah.”
I laughed, “Loser!”
“Gay boy!” a familiar Russian voice said from across the room.
“James! My man!” Sean smiled.
James smirked, “In which way do you mean?”
I had given a look of confusion, “Well that moment just crashed.”
“In what way do you mean, gay boy?” James asked.
“Do you have to make everything sexual?” I questioned him.
He nodded and that’s when I noticed that he was in cuffs.
I looked at him, “Dude got caught?”
He nodded, “Yeah, the fuckers got me.”
Sean laughed, “You got caught slipping!”
“Man I’d backslap you if I weren’t cuffed!” James yelled.
The officers around him shushed him and he rolled his eyes. I looked to the side to notice Josh coming up to us.
“What’re you guys doing here?” He asked.
“We need to talk.” Joey informed.
Josh nodded, “Okay, but let’s take this outside.”
I pointed to James, “But we get to take him with us.”
“But he’s a criminal.” Josh said.
I looked at him, “He’s a friend.”
He sighed and nodded, “Wait for me outside.”
We nodded and started out of the station. We congregated by the van and waited until Josh came out with James.
“I wonder what James did to get busted.” Joey said.
I huffed, “Probably touched someone inappropriately.”
They laughed.
“Man, the dude’s nuts.” Derek informed.
“Got to love him though,” Sean smiled.
I looked at him, “You really are a gay boy.”
Sean winked, “You know it.”
I rolled my eyes, “Idiot.”
He laughed as Josh and James came up to us. Josh took the cuffs off of James.
“What do you want?” Josh looked at us.
“We need to know about a case.” Derek informed.
“Which one?” Josh asked.
“Alan Loki, his case.” I said.
He looked at me, “I’ll tell you all you need to know, that’s my case.”
“Good.” Sean smiled.
Josh looked at Joey then looked away.
“What’s up with you two?” I asked.
Josh sighed, “Nothing.”
“Something is. What?” I looked at the two of them.
Joey sighed and walked away.
I looked at Josh, “What?”
He sighed, “Something happened.”
“What?” I asked.
“Geez nosey.” Sean smiled.
Josh looked at me, “Our dad came to visit a couple days ago.”
“So.”
“So? In case you haven’t heard, or fathers not exactly the role model.”
I huffed, “How bad could he be?”
“He stabbed Joey when he was seventeen then left our lives without even apologizing or even saying why he did it.” He informed.
“Damn…” I managed.
He nodded, “And I didn’t find this out until a while back.”
I huffed, “God.”
“I’d like to meet him.” Sean cracked his knuckles.
I rolled my eyes, “The most you can do is call him a fish.”
“Yeah, why do you do that again?” Derek asked.
Sean smiled, “Because it’s funny.”
Josh looked at us, “Where can we do this?”
“What’re we having sex?” Sean asked.
Derek rolled his eyes, “Idiot.”
I looked at Josh, “Anytime you want, princess.”


       
Part 2

 Joey Walker
When the agents asked me questions to personal things and I didn’t have the answer they whacked me in the face with a dildo. It was the most uncomfortable thing that ever happened to me.
I had to admit, it stung like a bitch.
I didn’t know the people who took me. They just grabbed me at my house as I was walking in. Put a pillow case on my head and tied my hands behind my back as they threw me into the back of a car.
They knew who I was, hell, they knew a lot about me. When they took the pillow case off there was a girl in front of me. She was pretty; tall, white, medium dark purple hair and a smile of a killer.
 I didn’t catch her name, only her sweet and sassy attitude.
“Joey Martin Walker, it’s a pleasure.” She crossed her arms.
I smiled up at her, “The pleasure’s all mine.”
“I’ve been watching you and your friends for quite a while; I know more about you guys then you know about yourselves.” She said.
“Then what’s my favorite color?”
She smiled, “That’s easy… before you were born your mother sewed you a pink blanket thinking you were a girl and later your father made you wear it until you grew out of it. You called the blanket ‘Captain Bob’ for the rest of your life, thus your call-sign, Captain Bob. So your favorite color is pink.”
“I’ll never forget Captain Bob.” I sniffled.
“Any more questions?” She looked at me.
“Yeah,” I looked up at her, “Me and my friends, what’re we called?”
“Pssh! You mean, The Crew? The only hit men in the world that fucks up during a job?”
I rolled my eyes, “Lucky guess.”
“Anything else?”
“One more,” I smiled, “How many people betrayed the Crew?”
“Enough with all the easy questions; everyone but you, because that’s how trustworthy you are,” she smiled.
“Psychic much?” I huffed.
She smiled, “Maybe.”
I nodded, “So, why am I here?” 
“I want you to do me a favor. Actually, it’s more like I’m doing a favor for you.” 
“Why would I do ANYTHING for you?” I asked, “You were the one whose friend kept freaking smacking me in the face with a freaking DILDO!”
“That was just me getting to know you better,” She smiled and approached me, “I like you Mr. Walker, and I think we can make a deal together.”
“I ain’t making no deals, sorry to burst your bubbles sweetheart.” I looked up at her.
“Oh, but I’ll make it worth your while,” She came and sat on my lap; she put her hands around my neck and whispered softly in my ear, “100,000,000 to kill the Crew.”
My eyes were wide, I swallowed and looked at her as she backed away licking her lips.
“Take it or leave it, the choice is yours.” She smiled at me.
I looked around at the agents in their uniforms, all six of them. Then back at her.
Without a second thought; I gave my answer:
“I’ll do it.”
They let me go and told me to call them when the job was over. I went back to my house and cleaned up the mess that has been there for a week.
I sighed and thought about my friends. It has been a week since my disappearance. They must be worried or looking for me.
I felt around in my pocket for my phone and took it out to call Ken, the new leader of The Crew.
“Hello?” He answered on the fourth ring.
“Ken, its Joey,” I looked around awkwardly.
“Oh hey, what’s up?”
 I sighed, “Not much.”
“Cool, listen, I’m uh, kind of busy at the moment. Wanna chat later?” He asked.
I coughed, “Yeah, sure.”
“Good, later man.” He hung up.
“Later…” I took the phone away from my ear and put it back in my pocket.
I looked up and smiled at myself in the mirror then went out the front door, slamming it behind me.
 I got in my car and headed towards the safe house—hoping it would be empty for me to do what I needed and get out.
As I drove towards the safe house I looked into the back mirror three times to notice that I was being followed by a black van.
“Oh no, not again,” I sighed.
I made a right turn and sped up a little. The van followed.
“Come get me fuckers.” I smirked and stepped on the gas.
I swerved past other cars and kept my speed at 70 mph with the follower not far behind. I made a sudden right turn and continued forward.
The van sped up and rammed my bumper.
“Ah! You mother—if you do that one more freaking time!” They rammed it again.
I slammed on the breaks and they crashed into the back of my car. I waited a second and grabbed my pistol and exited the car, approaching the wrecked van.
I went up to the driver’s door and placed the gun against the cracked window.
“Get the fuck out of the van!” I yelled.
The man inside slowly came out with his hands in the air. There was another guy next to him who was out cold.
“We weren’t following you.” He said.
I hit him in the face with the side of the gun, “Silence!”
Blood came out of his mouth as he looked at me.
“Who are you?” I asked.
“You’re about to find out.” He smiled.
I looked at him as something went around my head. I was brought to my knees and grabbed by my arms. I heard a van screech to a stop and I was thrown in the back as the doors slammed shut and it sped off.
“Someone wants to speak with you.”
The pillow case was snatched from my head. I was tied to a chair, my hands bond behind my back. The light burnt my eyes so I squinted to see the face in front of me.
“Hello there, Joey.” A familiar voice greeted.
“Ryan?” his face was clear in front of me.
“Sorry to have you brought here like this, but it was necessary.” He smiled.
“What do you mean? Where am I?” I looked around.
“Your safe.” He informed.
“For now.” A voice behind me added.
I looked up at Ryan, “Why am I here? What the fuck is going on?”
“I just need to ask you a few questions.” He said.
I nodded, “What about?”
“Your decision making… It needs to improve.”
I looked at him, “What do you mean?”
He smirked, “You know exactly what I mean.”
An arm went around my neck and held my head up.
“Now, I’m going to ask you some questions and you need to answer truthfully.” Ryan ordered.
“And if I don’t?” I looked at him.
He smiled and dug into his pocket and took out a switch blade, “If you don’t then I’m going to make you my bitch.”
I looked at him, “You wouldn’t dare…”
“Oh, I wouldn’t would I?” He came closer and went for it.
I yelled in pain as he pressed the tip of the blade through my shirt and sliced open my skin.
“How’s that feel Captain Bob!?”

The tires screeched to a halt, the door opened and two hands pushed me out onto the concrete. I cringed in pain as I tried to lift myself up.
“Geez, who fucked you up gay boy?” two hands grabbed my arm and helped me stand.
I looked at our Russian friend James Killer, “It’s not the time for joking, man.”
“You alright?” He put my arm over his shoulders and we slowly started towards my front door.
“I’ll live.” I admitted.
“Who did this?” He asked me reaching for the door knob.
“No one.” I lied.
He opened the unlocked door and we went in.
“You telling me that no one fucked you up?” He asked, “That you fucked yourself up?”
He sat me down on the couch and went to shut the front door. I reached over painfully and switched on the light.
“Yeah, I mean, I didn’t do this to myself if that’s what you’re asking.” I informed him.
He sat down next to me, “Who did this?”
I sighed, “I don’t know.”
“Come on, Joey, you can tell me.”
I shook my head, “I don’t know.”
He nodded, “Okay.”
I looked around my house then back at him, “How’d you’d get here?”
He smiled, “What a man with connections can’t take care of himself?”
“What’s that mean?”
He laughed, “I took your guys’ white van.”
I nodded, “Oh.”
He looked at me, “What? That not funny?”
I shrugged, “I don’t know.”
“You in no mood to laugh,” He got up, “I’ll leave.”
“No, stay, I’m sorry to be a dick. I just…” I sighed.
“You want me to drive you to the safe house? We’re supposed to be meeting there in ten minutes.”
“Okay,” I slowly stood up, “Let’s go gay boy.”
James looked at me.

James helped me out of the car. I had to admit, I’ve been in greater pain when being shot. I got punched in the face a few times and cut with a knife three times.
My chest stung and shirt was bloody, I didn’t even get a chance to change my clothes.
My face hurt less. My eyebrow was cut, so was my lip and cheek. My right eye was bruised up and was not swelled—thank god.
He helped me up the steps and I pulled away from him.
“I’m good now man, thanks.” I told him.
“You sure?” He looked at me.
I nodded, “Yeah, I don’t want to go in there with you carrying me—they might think we’re a couple.”
He laughed, “But I thought you loved me!”
I rolled my eyes, turned and opened the safe house door.
“Hey! Its James!” a familiar voice cheered.
“Hey gay boy!” James yelled behind me.
We went in and shut the door behind us. The safe house was dark instead of the kitchen light.
“Who is that with you?” Ken asked.
I took the first seat that was close to me and sat down by the TV, “It’s me, dipshit.”
“Joey?” Josh asked.
“Yeah it’s me.”
“Where have you been stranger?” Derek laughed.
I sighed, “It’s been a hell of a week.”
“You okay?” Josh asked, “Turn the light on and let me see you.”
I shifted, “Why?”
“Joey! Now!” Josh sounded upset.
I sighed and reached over painfully and flicked the switch to turn the lights on.
“What the fuck happened?” Ken asked.
Josh came up to me, “Who do I have to kill?”
I smiled, “Trust me, they’d kill you first.”
“Tell me what happened? Who the hell did this to you?” Ken asked.
“I don’t know.” I lied.
“He wouldn’t tell me either.” James informed sitting across from me.
“Was it that bitch Felix?” Sean asked.
I shook my head, “My week has been hell; I got kidnapped twice, cut, punched and hit in the face with a fucking dildo!”
They tried not to laugh.
“D—do you know who did it?” Ken asked.
I sighed and looked down, “No.”
“I think you do, but you’re not telling us.” Josh looked at me.
I looked up at him then at Ken, “It was Ryan—and some chick.”
“Wait. Ryan? As in Ryan Barson?” Ken asked.
I nodded, “Yeah, Ryan knew some shit I was kind of about to do.”
“What do you mean?” Josh looked at me.
I looked to the side, “There was this chick—right? And she was… Really, really hot—right? But she was a total bitch—right?”
Ken looked at me, “Was her name Harper?”
I shrugged, “Didn’t catch a name just her good looks.”
“She’s really pretty, tall, white, medium dark purple hair and a smile of a killer, with her sweet and sometimes sassy attitude?” He asked.
“Um, yeah,”
“Jesus…” Ken huffed.
“What? You know who she is?” I asked.
Sean laughed, “Wasn’t Harper your lesbian girlfriend?”
“Shut up!” Ken turned.
I laughed, “Oh my god, I almost forgot about your first.”
He sighed, “What’d she want?”
I looked down, “Sorry.”
“For what?” Josh asked, “What did the chick want from you?”
“She knew a lot about us, I mean a lot, she asked me if, uh, I could, um… kill… the… crew.”
“Hold up! What’d you say to her?” Sean asked.
I looked up a bit, “Yes.”
“You said… yes?” Josh looked at me.
I cocked my head, “Yeah, I did.”
“Why? Do you hate us or something?” Sean asked.
I looked at him, “Man, I wasn’t going to actually do it! God, man! I’d rather die than turn on you guys! You actually think that I’d turn on the Crew? I am not like the rest of you!”
“What does that mean?” Ken snapped.
“You know exactly what that means! Everyone betrayed the Crew other than me and Cole! You, Sean, and even Derek! You guys are a disappointment to boss! You left him when he needed you the most!”
“That’s not true!” Ken came at me but Josh stopped him, “We made mistakes! Like everyone else in the world! You even made a mistake—remember John, Bobby, Frankie, Kyle, Rose?! MEGAN!”
I quickly stood up and pain filled my chest, but I didn’t care.
“Fuck you Ken! Megan’s death was not my fault!” I yelled.
“Oh, same as like Cole’s family’s death wasn’t his fault? It’s always is someone’s fault! The agency killed them! And it wouldn’t have happened if we weren’t hit men!” Ken argued.
I looked away.
“And I’m not saying that it was your fault,” He informed, “It was—I don’t know—I’m sorry.”
“Are you apologizing? Mr. Tough-Guy does have a heart!” Sean smiled.
Ken blushed, “This is the only time you gonna hear it from me.”
I looked at him, “I’m sorry too big guy.”
He gave me the finger and smiled.
“I noticed that you flip people off a lot.” Derek informed.
Ken smirked, “The finger don’t lie!”
“So, the finger can tell if you’re a gay boy?” James joked.
Ken looked at him, “What the hell is wrong with you? Is that all you think about—gay boys?”
James looked at him and gave his bitch face as we laughed uncontrollably. James smiled embarrassed and shook his head.
Ken patted him on his shoulder, “Ah, I’m just fucking with you man.”
James nodded, “I know.”
I sat back down I pain as awkward silence filled the safe house for a couple minutes until I finally spoke.
“So what were you guys talking about before me and James came in?”
“About Cole’s clue.” Ken informed.
“The gun?” I asked.
He nodded.
“Turns out, that your brother knew a lot about the murder that happened some time back,” Derek said.
I nodded and looked at Josh, “Inform me.”
“Well, as you knew, the gun that was used to kill Officer Walker belonged to your friend Alan Loki.” Josh pointed out.
“Wait—Officer Walker?” I looked at him.
“He’s not related in any way to us. He’s just another cop like me.” He informed.
I nodded, “And why did Alan kill him?”
“Never found that out,” He said, “Walker was found dead in an alley with a bullet to the head. When police got there Alan was checking in his victims pockets and fled the scene.”
“Damn. Are you sure it was him?” I asked, “Because he’s supposed to be dead.”
“That’s what I said.” Derek admitted.
“Then I told him that a witness saw him and knew him.” Josh informed.
“What was the witness’s name?” I asked him.
“Bobby Adams.” Ken put.
“Wait—that’s…”
“John’s brother.” Josh finished my words.
“We were just as surprised.” Sean said.
“But… this entire thing couldn’t have happened just because Kyle robbed the wrong bank.” I looked at them.
“But it all did,” James informed, “See, Kyle knew that your job was at that bank, he was watching you the same as Felix was—same as Harper was, this entire dilemma all started when you saved that kid. They knew—out of all of you—that he would be the one to stop and help that little girl.” 
I looked down.
“But it wasn’t his fault,” Josh spoke up, “I mean, it’s never anyone’s fault.”
“We know it wasn’t Joey’s fault.” Ken said.
“It was Jesse’s fault—if he fucking trusted us…” Derek balled his fist.
	“What’s done is done. What’s our plan now?” Sean asked.
“Well the Triton Agency is still standing, Felix is still alive, Ryan needs to pay, Harper wants the Crew to die and Cole’s secrets still unknown—I think we need to have the perfect plan to get all this drama off our backs.” Ken informed.
“What a life we have guys.” I huffed.
James looked at me, “It can’t be that bad, I know there’s a lot of crap on your plate, but, come on—at least your alive and have great friends.”
“Because that’s what matters most—right?” Ken rolled his eyes, “I’m glad we’re alive, but we’re the only great friends we have. We ain’t friends—but brothers, always have been.”
I smiled, “The Crew Is True.”
“Hey guys, I got a plan.” Josh informed.
We looked at him.
“Whatcha got, pope?” Sean asked.
Josh rolled his eyes, “Well, since you we have a lot on our plate—“
“No, everything is on our plate—not yours.” I interrupted.
“Will you let me finish?” Josh laughed, “Anyway—we should settle things one by one.”
“Yeah but, what do we start with?” Derek asked.
“How about this: why don’t we call Felix?” I looked at them.
“Why?” Ken snorted, “What can he do?”
“For one, he can help us get Ryan.” I informed.
“But he’s the enemy.” Derek pointed out.
I looked around and sighed, which hurt my chest.
“Let’s get you patched up. We’ll speak about this later.” Josh informed.
I slowly got up as he gently grasped my arm and helped me stand. Ken turned and dug in the top cabinet for the first aid kit we kept for emergencies.
I sat down at a chair in the kitchen as Ken approached me with the stitches.
“This might hurt a bit.” He smiled.
“Something tells me that you enjoy hurting me.” I said to Ken as he finished stitching up my wounds on my chest.
He laughed and put the first aid kit away, “I do.”
I rolled my eyes, “What now?”
Josh sighed, “Well, your plan sounds do-able.”
“But it’s Felix!” Ken pointed out, “The asshole killed boss!”
“I don’t think he actually did it.” Sean said.
“What do you mean? He shot him! We all saw it!” Ken argued.
I sighed, “Do we have another plan?”
They were silent.
“Then we have to do it!” I yelled to them, “Cole would have wanted us to go through with it!”
“No, Cole would have wanted us to kill him.” Ken looked at me.
“You don’t know what he’d really want.” I mumbled.
“Neither do you! God, all of you are the same! Don’t care about anyone else but yourselves!”
“Who the fuck are you talking about!?” I yelled.
“You! Sean! Derek!” He pointed to each of us.
I rolled my eyes.
“All of you are assholes! Self-centered assholes!” He yelled.
“Look who’s talking!” Sean stood up for himself.
“Why don’t you go take a look in the mirror Kenneth!?” Derek joined.
Josh and James backed off away from the argument. They stood off looking awkward by the front door.
I stood up, “You shouldn’t be talking Ken. We all know you were the first one to betray the Crew to go get fucking high!”
Ken came at me and pushed me back—hitting my stitched wounds. I immediately plopped onto a chair and cringed as I took the pain.
Josh pushed him back, “That’s enough!”
“Oh and you're just brother of the year!” Ken miffed with a look of disgust on his face as he tuned and stormed off out of the safe house.
“Who needs Ken anyways?” Sean asked.
“Yeah, the ass.” Derek huffed.
I looked down and slowly got back up with my chest stinging.
Josh looked at me, “You okay?”
I nodded, “Yeah.”
James huffed, “What’re we going to do now?”
“What about my plan?” I asked.
“I think it’s worth a shot,” Sean responded, “I mean Felix said something to me back at boss’s funeral. He really got me thinking about what Cole’s secret is.” 
“What’d he say exactly?” I asked.
“He said something like things aren’t what you seem. I don’t remember exactly.” He informed.
I nodded, “Maybe he knows something we don’t.”
“Maybe we should go ask the little bugger?” James suggested.
“Good idea,” I smiled, “Let’s go.”

I knew the only place to find Felix was the Triton Agency. And the agency was where it always has been—it’s a classified location.
We parked out front of the agency and got out then started approaching the entrance. 
“What’re we going to say?” Josh asked.
“Hi Felix, wanna help me kill Ryan Barson? Easy as that.” I informed.
We approached the front door and I pressed the call button.
“Hello, welcome to Triton’s Insurance. How may I help you?” a voice in a speaker asked.
“We’re here to see Mr. Morris.” I informed.
“Okay, who may I say is asking?” 
I sighed, “The Crew.”
“One moment please.”
Sean looked at me, “Mr. Morris?”
I shrugged, “Formal.”
He nodded, “Yeah I guess.”
The doors opened and a man stepped out.
“Good evening, Felix is waiting for you. Follow me.” The man turned.
We followed him to Felix’s office. Felix was there waiting like he said.
“G’day mates, what can I do for ya?” Felix smiled.
We piled in his office.
“Well,” I tried to keep calm, “We…kind of…need…your help.”
“Me mate?” he asked, “You come to me for help?”
 “You’re our last hope.” Derek informed.
“Actually… You’re our first hope.” Sean corrected.
Felix smiled, “What can I do for you boys?”
“We need your help to kill Ryan Barson.” I said.
“Why him?” He asked.
“Because of this,” I lifted up my shirt revealing my stitches.
“That looks like it bloody hurt. Why’d he do that?”
“Because he thought that I was going to betray the Crew.” I informed slowly lowering my shirt.
“Were you?”
“No!” I yelled.
“Geez mate, just a question.”
I rolled my eyes, “Can you help us or not?”
He looked us through, “I don’t know.”
“What do you mean?” Derek asked.
“I mean, I don’t know. Should I trust you guys?” Felix responded.
I laughed, “Should you trust us?”
“I don’t know if you might turn on me and kill me.” He stood up from his chair.
“We won’t.” Josh assured.
“And who might you be?” Felix looked at Josh.
“The name’s Josh. Josh Walker.” 
“Ah, you wouldn’t be Joey’s older brother would you?” Felix asked.
“Yeah, I am.” Josh admitted.
“Aw, brothers reunite.” He smiled.
I looked at him, “What?”
He shook his head, “Nothing. How can we start?”
I smiled, “Whenever you’re ready.”
“Good, let’s start now.” He walked out from behind his desk.
We backed up cautious.
He laughed, “What’s the matter? Don’t trust me yet? You will.”
I motioned for Derek and them to move out of the way. When they did I looked back at Felix, “After you.”
Felix took us to his best agents, because—as he said, we needed an army. I didn’t know why we needed an army, but he said that Ryan has good agents and that we needed to take out the entire agency.
I just wanted him to pay.
His best agents looked as if they came straight from the Military. Buff, shaved army buzz, and hot headed. Their names were Wade and Tony.
Wade was the hot head and Tony was the calm one. Together they were powerful hit men. We met with them in the training room.
“How’s it going Boss?” Wade greeted Felix.
“Got another job for ya guys.” Felix informed.
“What kind?” Tony asked.
“And who are they?” Wade nodded to us.
“They’re your new partners in crime.” Felix informed.
“Yay, new pray.” Wade rubbed his hands together.
James and Sean laughed.
“That rhymes.” Sean said.
“More gay boys,” James mumbled.
“I can see that some of you aren’t that smart. Well, this should be fun,” Tony studied us, “Names?”
“James.”
“Joey.”
“Josh.”
“Sean”
“Derek.”
We each nodded as we said our names.
“Ah, some of you are The Crew? Right? Which ones?” Wade asked.
Derek, Sean and I raised our hands.
“Why only three?” Felix asked.
I looked at him, “You should know, ass.”
“What’d I do?” He cocked his head, “Oh right.”
I sighed, trying not to kill him. This was the only way to get to Ryan. 
“We need a plan to get to the target: Ryan Barson.” Felix informed.
Wade looked at Tony, “Do a background check on the target.”
Tony nodded and looked at us, “Any of you know how to work a computer?”
Derek nodded and raised his hand, “I do.”
Tony smiled, “Then come with me, have I got something to show you.”
Derek looked at me.
I nodded, “Go ahead.”
He proceeded forward and followed Tony out of the training room.
“What was that?” Felix looked at me, “Are you the new boss?”
I shrugged, “I can be.”
“That would make us enemies.” He smiled.
“We already are enemies.” I smirked.
He nodded, “Well, can we push that aside? I figure we have work to do.”
“What work can you do?” Sean said disgusted.
“I can do a lot… Bro,” Felix smiled.
“We ain’t related.” Sean huffed.
“More than you know.”
 Sean rolled his eyes, “I can’t.” he turned out of the training room.
“Sean?” I called.
He continued. As he started towards the exit, I went after him.
“Sean!” I stopped in front of him, “What’s up with you? Like your brother much?”
He sighed, “I thought I could deal with the fact that Felix almost killed me and killed Cole, but, I can’t. There has to be another way to get to Ryan. The Crew an do it alone.”
I shook my head, “No, we can’t. And with a shit load of crap on our shoulders, we need all the help we can get.”
“But why him?”
I sighed, “Because boss said to.”
“What do you mean?”
“Do you remember the letter you got from him?” I asked.
He nodded, “Yeah, did you get one?”
“A week ago.” I took the letter out of my pocket and read it aloud:
“Dear Joey, 
If you are reading this, I am no longer with you. That’s okay though, I believe in you to fulfill the duty of a member of The Crew. 
There are clues that lead to a secret I’ve been keeping for a couple years. You may hate me for it, but I don’t care. If you found the first clue, good, if not, ask Sean—he knows.
Joey, you’re like a brother to me. I’m sorry about all the stupid fights we had, all the bad things I said about you and Josh. It was dumb of me to judge a book by its cover. 
You saw yourself how a fucked up brother he is, and you understand that you deserve more. We all do.
I am most importantly sorry for deserting you in time of need. But, you know I can’t make the future.
As you know, there are clues that lead up to my secret. Can’t say how much, or why I’m doing this—just go with it.
Like Sean puts…The Crew is true.

Your Friend and Boss—CP
P.S. The second clue is this: Look to the one that took us for granted, the one that needs to burn, for he is the one that hold the secrets.”
“Felix holds the secret?” Sean looked at me, “What secret?”
“That’s what we need to figure out.” I said.
He huffed and looked over his shoulder, “And what I’m about to find out.”
He turned and started back towards the training room.
“Sean? Sean!” I ran after him.
He went in the training room and confronted Felix.
“Hello… mate! G’day we’re having huh?!” He yelled.
I stopped behind Sean.
“Are you making fun of me?” Felix asked.
“What makes you say that, mate?” Sean faked a British accent which sounded more like Australian accent.
Felix studied him, “Can’t tell if he’s joking.”
“Oh, he’s joking… Sean stop it!” I hissed.
Felix lifted his hand, “No, no, let him continue.”
Sean looked at me then back at Felix, “I want to know what you’re hiding and I want to know now.”
Felix smiled, “What I’m hiding?”
Sean nodded, “Tell me everything.”
“Everything?”
“Everything…” 
“Everything, everything?” Felix looked at him.
“Will you just tell me!?" He snapped.
Felix smiled and I looked at James and Josh. Worried about what was about to happen next.
“About your boss?” he asked.
Sean nodded.
“Well,” Felix begun, “about a month ago he came to me, just like you did.”
“For what?” Sean asked.
“He needed help. He said that someone he knew was in deep.”
“Did he say who?” I questioned him.
He shook his head, “Just told me that he needed help. That he wanted me to do something for him.”
“Kill him.” Josh looked at him.
“Yeah, I didn’t know why. So I went with it.” Felix informed.
“You killed him? Why? Because he said so? So if someone asked you to jump off a bridge, you’d do it?” Sean snapped.
“I did it because he begged me to! Your boss begged me to kill him because he couldn’t do it himself! I did him a favor!” Felix yelled.
Sean came at him and pushed him before I grabbed him and held him back.
“You’re fucking lying! Cole would never do that!” Sean fumed.
“Oh he wouldn’t?!” Felix argued, “Your boss hated his life! He lost everything he care for and still carried on! Then he just couldn’t face the fact that he was a terrible leader!”
I just lost it. All the very little respect I had for Felix went down the drain. I let go of Sean and we both went for him. Luckily Josh and James were there to stop us for we would have killed Felix right then and there.
“Ooh, feisty ones.” Felix smirked looking over to Wade.
“You mother fucker! I swear if my brother wasn’t holding me back I’d fucking kill you!” I yelled.
 “You wouldn’t dare,” He laughed, “Because I’m the only ticket to seeing your boss alive again.” He walked out of the room with Wade behind him, “You coming?”

Felix (the asshole) led us to the interrogation room. We didn’t go in; we went into the other room next to it to watch what was happening inside. 
“Looks like you replaced the broken glass,” Sean huffed, “Nothing but bad memories here.”
We stopped in front of the see-through glass and looked inside.
“Why is Derek in there?” I asked Felix.
He smiled and looked over at me, “I want to make you a deal.”
I knit my eyebrows, “What’re you talking about?”
“You are going to kill Harper Ortiz.” 
“Ken’s ex? Why? What’s in it for me?” I asked.
He looked over at the mirror. Derek and Tony were inside talking and on a computer. 
He pressed the speaker button, “Do it.”
Tony in an instant whipped out a pistol and aimed it at Derek’s head. The speaker was on so we heard what they were saying.
“What’re you doing?” Derek asked him.
“Orders sorry,” Tony stood up.
I looked at Felix, “What the fuck do you think you’re doing?”
“You kill Harper, Derek goes free. You don’t kill the bitch; he dies—easy as that.” Felix continued.
I huffed, “You’re a sick son of a bitch you know that?” 
He cocked his head, “Maybe I am and maybe I ain’t.”
“And maybe you should kiss my ass.” Sean snapped.
“Not today bro,” He looked at Wade, “Escort them out of the Agency.”
Wade started pushing each of us out of the room. James, Josh, me, then Sean.
“Thanks Wade.” Sean joked, “I really appreciate it.”
Wade smiled, “Anything for you fish.”
Sean stood there shocked. Wade laughed and pushed him forward.
We were escorted out of the Triton Agency. As we were walking towards the van Sean went on about the whole ‘fish’ thing.
“I don’t understand!” he bitched, “How could he know my thing?!”
“Maybe he’s psychic?” I suggested.
He shook his head, “No, there’s something they’re not telling us.”
“And the whole Cole thing? Dude’s hiding something.” Josh pointed out.
“But what?” I asked.
“We have to find out.” James said.
“No, we have to kill Harper.” Sean corrected.
“He’s right, we need to save Derek.” I informed, “Let’s go back to the safe house. We need to figure out what we’re going to do.”
Sean sighed, “Why is it always the safe house?”
“You know what? I got a better place. Let’s go.” I unlocked the van and we got in.

“Why’re we here?” Sean asked.
“He’s a part of the Crew too, plus, he’s your older brother so we have to get him back on our side.” I said.
He sighed, “Don’t remind me that he’s my brother. It’s sick enough.”
Josh laughed, “Wait, Sean and Ken are related?”
“Crazy right?” James agreed.
We approached Ken’s front door and I knocked three times. We were quiet as it took time for him to come to the door.
Footsteps stomped towards the door and before he opened it Ken yelled,
“Who the fuck is disturbing me at a time like this!?”
I forgot to mention, it was about one in the morning.
The door swung open and the next thing I saw was Ken in his boxers standing with his hand on his hip looking pissed off.
“What the fuck do you want?!” He yelled.
We just stood there, shocked and estranged from our surroundings. Ken smiled, “Enjoying the view gay boys?”
I blinked and Sean screamed,
“MY EYES! I CAN’T FEEL MY EYES!”
We laughed—even Ken, then we just stared at Ken, looking down and sighing, unknown of what to say.
“I know. I know,” Ken smirked, “I’m sorry too.”
I smiled, “Yeah well, we need ya man.”
“I know,” He looked at me, “did Felix turn on you?”
I looked down, “How’d you know. Is it that obvious?”
He nodded, “Yeah, what’d he do this time?”
Sean looked up, “He wants us to kill your lesbian ex-girlfriend.”
“What? Why?” he asked.
“We don’t know, but he took Derek for leverage.” I informed.
“What?” He sounded pissed, “Fucking Felix.”
“Can we come in?” Sean pleaded.
Ken looked around, “Yeah, come in.”
We stepped up the step and walked inside his house as he shut the door behind us.
Each of us plumped down on the couch as Ken sat on the love seat in front of us.
“So,” He began, “Tell me what’s up.”
“Well, Felix, as you predicted it, lied to us, deceived us, and is making us kill your ex-girlfriend, Harper.” I huffed.
“Plus he had Derek.” Sean added.
Ken nodded, “What did I tell you about him? He’s no good.”
“I just, thought he could help.” I admitted.
He huffed, “Didn’t turn out quite as planned, did it?”
I laughed, “Nah, not at all.”
“And do you guys know exactly why he wants to kill my ex?” He looked at us.
I shrugged, “Just said he wants her to die.”
“Oh,”
“Do you still have feelings for her Kenneth?” Sean asked.
“No.” He smirked.
“Guys, why don’t we go to Harper? Tell her that Felix wants her dead, maybe she’ll kill him for us.” I suggested.
“Or maybe she’ll kill you for not killing us and then take us out,” Sean informed, “Because in case you forgot, she ‘hired’ you to kill us.”
I raised my eyebrows, “Almost forgot about that bitch hitting me in the face with a dildo.”
“Still funny.” James laughed.
I rolled my eyes, got up and went into the kitchen. Ken’s house was always clean. It was like the white house, clean with maids, without the maids.
“What’re you doing in my kitchen?” Ken asked me.
“I’m hungry.” I admitted.
“So, go somewhere.”
I flipped him off, “Screw you.”
“We can step this outside.”
I shook my head, “Nah man, I quit.”
“Pussy.” He mumbled.
I looked back at him, “What was that?”
He shook his head, “Nothing.”
I rolled my eyes, “Ken, you’re all bark and no bite.”
He came at me, “No Bite?”

We stayed at Ken’s house for another hour, thinking of something that may have never came to us without the help of my brother Josh.
We thought of a way to stop Felix and end all this once and for all. But if this does work, then we are the lucky ones and we haven’t been so lucky lately.
I came up with the idea to have me go to Harper stating that I killed The Crew so she lets me off and with Ken and the others having my back I’m going to ask her if she could kill Felix because he wants her dead and she should strike first. *huff*
“Sounds like a plan.” Ken recited.
We went to Harper’s home. It was a ways from the safe house but about down the street from Ken’s house. They stayed in the van while I approached the front door.
I knocked three times, “Anyone home?”
My heart pounded, part of me was scared—knowing—expecting the worst of the situation. But I sucked it up and moved on.
No one answered the door so I decided to go back, for my safety.
“What’s up? No answer?” Josh asked.
I shook my head and got in the van, “No, she’s not home.”
“That’s because she’s never there.” Ken informed.
We looked at him.
“What do you mean?” Sean asked.
He rolled his eyes, “Bro, it’s easy, if you would have asked me earlier I would have informed you that Harper is never home.”
“Why isn’t she? Where is she?” 
“Geez, you don’t quit. She’s at work.”
“Why are you being a dick?” I asked Ken.
He looked at me, “Excuse me?”
“You’re being an asshole, be nicer.”
He rolled his eyes, “Stick with the plan.”
“What plan? We had no plan!” I yelled.
Josh placed his hand on my shoulder, “Quiet.”
I sighed, “I just think you should be nicer to your brother, he’s the only one you have.”
Ken looked down, “My bad.”
Sean placed his arm around Ken’s shoulder, “It’s okay pookie.”
Ken gave him the finger and then looked over at me, “I wouldn’t be an ass if he wasn’t such a pain.”
“Can we go?” James asked us.
Ken nodded, “Yeah, I know where she is.”

Ken drove us to an old abandoned building which was up the street from her house. He told me to go in asking for Harper, and I did.
“Harper!?” I yelled.
The talking stopped and it was quiet. I took a step forward.
“Harper? You here girl?”
“Look who it is,” the familiar voice was heart breaking, “Joey Martin Walker. Pleasure.”
I smiled, turned and faced the dildo bitch.
“The pleasures all mine, sweetheart.” 
She laughed, “You were always such a gentleman. Did you do it?”
 “If you’re asking me if I killed The Crew, then yes.” I informed.
She nodded, “Great. Well a deals a deal. You go free—with a cost.”
I looked at her sideways, “What do you mean princess?”
“I always keep my bargains, but this time I’m taking things to the next level.” She wrapped her arms around me and kissed me gently on the cheek, “I can make it worth your wild.”
“Too late, where’s my money?” I asked her.
“It’s coming, patience.”
“Moo.”
“What?”
“Nothing…”
“Why’d you just moo?” She asked.
“I did not!” I protested.
“You totally just did,” She backed up, “Why?”
I shrugged, “I felt like mooing.”
“Bullshit!” 
I looked to the side, “What?”
“You were signaling someone! Weren’t you?!” She fumed.
I shook my head, “What? No! There all dead!”
“THEN WHO’S THIS?!” She bellowed.
I looked to the side to see Sean being dragged in by two of her men. They threw him up on his feet and made him stand.
I looked at him crossed, “Sean! What the fuck?”
“There’s a problem.” He informed.
“Ya think!?” I yelled.
“Don’t yell at me!” He said, “I’m sensitive!”
I rolled my eyes and looked at Harper, “Okay, well maybe one escaped.”
“Then who’s that?” She pointed behind me.
I rolled my eyes, “Josh, what did I tell you!”
I turned but didn’t face my brother. I faced Felix. My first instinct was to hit and keep on hitting, but I used my second instinct to stop and talk—because I’m a genius.
“Hello mate.” Felix greeted with a smile.
“See the problem?” Sean whispered to me.
I watched as Felix kissed Harper on the lips, she pulled away. I felt a sort of envy but pushed that aside and stood there.
Felix looked at me, “Nice to see you with my ex, Joey.”
“Wait,” Sean said, “Your Ex?”
He nodded, “Yeah, Harper and I dated, why’s that so important?”
I laughed, “Oh, Ken’s not going to like this. You know she’s a lesbian?”
“What’re you doing here Felix?” Harper asked him.
He smiled, “I came because I overheard the plan to kill me from these guys.”
Shit, I thought, he knows.
He looked at me and smiled his evil smile, “I had a friend snoop a mike in each of your houses—if you didn’t mind.”
“No, not at all,” Sean grinned.
I smacked him on the shoulder, “Shut up, of course we mind.”
“Oh, you won’t even know they’re there.” He assured us.
I looked at Sean, “Where’s everyone else at?”
He looked down then back up at me, “They were taken.”
“What?” I raised my voice, “All of them? By who?”
He looked at Felix who smiled and raised his hand.
I looked crossed at Felix, “You did what?”
“I took your friends, you didn’t need them.” He said.
“We didn’t need them? Felix, I can’t go on without them.” I informed.
“What’re you gay?” he asked.
I raised my hands to my chest, “I just have a lot of feelings okay?!”
He smiled, “I’m just kidding mate.”
I rolled my eyes, “Give me my friends back and you won’t get hurt.”
“What are ya gonna do?”
I got in his face, “Don’t make me mad, you will not like me when I’m mad.”
“Like I said: what are you going to do about it?”
I sighed and backed off, “Come on Sean.” I turned and walked off out of the building.


“Where’re we going?” Sean asked me as we stormed out of the building and headed towards the van.
“Cole’s house.” I informed opening the driver’s side door and getting in.
Sean got in his side, “Why?”
I started the van, “I have to see something.”
We pulled up out front of Cole’s house about an hour later. I quickly got out and saw that the front door was open. 
I looked at Sean, “Did we?”
He shook his head, “No.”
I took out my pistol from underneath the driver’s seat as Sean did the same on his side. We approached the front door cautiously with our weapons at ready. I motioned for Sean to go around back and he did.
I slowly opened the front door and went in and looked around at a messy house. We didn’t leave it like this, I thought and proceeded forward deeper in the house. The living room was clear, no one in sight.
It was until I got into the kitchen when the noise started up. Glass breaking, pots banging, and cabinets slamming. I went in without thinking and aimed my weapon at the intruder.
“Don’t move!” I yelled.
His back was turned and hood was up and when he turned and when I saw his face, I almost instantly dropped my pistol.
My jaw dropped, “Boss?”

Cole Phillips
Sometimes goodbye isn’t forever.
“I went away for a bit to help out an old friend.” I informed Joey and Sean as we sat down in my living room.
“Why? Why’d you leave us like that?” Joey asked me.
I sighed and looked down, “You’d do it if it was you.”
He shook his head, “I’d think about The Crew before myself.”
“I was thinking about The Crew!” I yelled.
“How?” he looked at me.
“Alan is a part of The Crew.”
“You left for Alan? He’s dead.” Sean snapped.
I sat back and looked at them.
“Don’t look at us like that boss, we can’t read your mind.” Sean said.
I sighed, “You can’t tell what I’m thinking or about to say just by reading my expression?”
They shook their heads.
I rolled my eyes, “Alan’s alive.”
“Whatcha talking about Willis?” Sean cocked his head to the side.
I smirked, “He’s alive, all these years he’s been undercover for the Triton Agency.”
“So he’s the bad guy?” Joey asked.
I shook my head, “No, he’s the good guy.”
“But the Triton Agency betrayed us, left us for dead. If he’s a part of the agency then he must be bad.” He said.
“Unless the agency isn’t bad,” Sean suggested.
I smiled, “You guys get my letters?”
They nodded.
“Both of them?” I asked.
“You only sent two?” Joey looked at me.
I nodded, “Didn’t have time to send all four. Did you read them? Do what they said?”
“Geez, yeah we did. And could you have not made it so difficult to do to?” he asked.
I laughed, “Sorry. Say, where’s everyone else at?”
“Felix took them.” Sean informed.
“He what?” I fumed, “Why?”
They shrugged.
“I don’t know, he just, took them.” Sean said.
“He didn’t say why?” I looked at them.
“Nope,” Sean chirped.
“Actually he said that he wanted us to kill Harper.” Joey corrected.
“Ken’s Ex?” I asked.
He nodded, “Yeah, apparently Felix had a thing with her.”
“Felix shouldn’t be doing these things.” I huffed.
“I think he’s free to date anyone he wants boss.” Joey laughed.
“I mean doing these things to you guys, he’s just showing off.” I said.
“What do you mean?” Joey asked me.
“He’s on our side.” I informed them.
“How? He’s Jesse’s son.” Sean pointed out.
I perked my lips, “Actually, he’s your brother.”
“No the fuck he’s not.” Sean snapped, “We already went through that shit.”
“Actually he is, and everything happened for a reason. It’s all a lie, everything started because Joey helped that kid—at least that’s what you think. Alan planned this whole thing, this all started because of him. It was his idea to have us betray the agency because Jesse was such a dick to us. Everything happened because of the one that left. He started this entire thing because of what he ‘accidently’ did.”
“What did he accidently do?” Sean asked.
I sighed, “Remember John?”
“Adams?” Joey looked at me.
I nodded, “He made a deal with him and some other guy.”
“What kind of deal?” Sean asked.
“Not really sure of the details but something about drugs.” I informed.
“Who was the other guy? We know him?” Joey questioned.
“His name is Kendall Maslow.” I said.
“Wait… as in the Kendall Maslow? Tall guy with shaggy blonde hair and a goatee?” Joey asked.
“Yeah, how’d you know?” I knit my eyes.
“Trust me boss, that dude is all kinds of crazy.” He said.
I shook my head, “Good thing he’s tied up.”
“Wait—what?”
I laughed, “We need to go see Felix.”
“Don’t change the subject.” 
I took out my cell phone, “I’ll call him.”
The phone rang three times before he answered with his British accent.
“Hello?”
“Felix my man, how’s it going?” I greeted.
“Who is this?” He asked.
“Cole.”
“Oh hey,”
I sighed, “Listen, I’m with Joey and Sean and they say that you have the rest of my team. That true?”
“Yep.”
“Oh…”
“Yeah,” He said, “We’re chilling.”
“Dude, you’re 29 years old, leave that to the teenagers.” I laughed.
“So what do you want?”
“Where are you?”
“The agency.”
“We’re gonna come down and talk—if that’s okay.”
“Yeah, sure mate. Come right ahead.” He said.
“Okay, see you then man.” I hung up.
We drove to the Triton Agency which was about half a mile from my house. It was silent half the way there. We didn’t know what to talk about, let alone say.
“Hey guys,” I made a right turn, “I’m sorry I had to lie to you, but it was what Alan wanted.”
“You’d do anything for him, huh?” Joey asked.
I sighed, “I’d do anything for any of you guys. You’re my team. We’re family.”
“Then tell me this: why is it that if we’re family, everyone has betrayed The Crew? And I mean everyone.” Joey asked me.
“I can’t say why everyone betrayed The Crew, they have their reasons, but I can tell you this: The Crew is true.” I responded.
He shook his head, “No—no we’re not true—anything but true. We’re barely even a team, I mean who does that? Who lets down the one’s they care about the most?”
“How could you say that?” I looked at him next to me.
“Because it’s true!” He raised his voice, “Everything everyone says about us is true!”
“So we are gay boys?” Sean asked.
“Shut up!” Joey fumed, “let me out! Pull over! Let me the fuck out!”
I pulled over to the side and he stormed out of the van.
“What’s biting his nipples?” Sean asked.
I unbuckled my seatbelt and got out, “Not the time Sean.”
I shut the door and walked in front of the van. Joey was walking away from the van.
“Hey Captain Bob!” I called.
He continued ahead ignoring me.
I stopped, “Fine! Walk away! But don’t come crying to me when you learn the truth!”
He turned, “The Truth? The truth wouldn’t matter if we actually cared for each other!”
“Actually care?” I yelled, “You might be the only one who doesn’t care!”
He turned and started away.
“You have to take a look in the mirror sometime Joey! You act just like your brother! Troublesome and hard-headed!”
He raised his hand over his head and gave me the finger.
“Yeah screw you too!” I rolled my eyes.
“That’s not what it means!” He yelled.
A van pulled up next to him and he stopped and turned. A head poked out of the window and they exchanged words as I watched them suspiciously.
Then hands grabbed Joey and they started going at it. Joey hit the guy in the face and turned and ran towards me as three men came out of the van and grabbed him.
“Shit Joey!” I darted towards the van.
I got to the van and punched the guy that had Joey in his grip and he went out cold and dropped to the ground. The other two guys backed up in front of us.
We looked at each other.
Sean came up to the van and stopped next to us and watched them as we did. They had on all black and dark brown with their faces showing.
“Do you know them Joey?” I asked.
He shook his head, “No boss.”
I huffed, “And they’re handling you like that?”
“What balls they have.” Sean added.
I nodded and looked at the remaining men, “Get back in the van now and forget this ever happened or die.”
They paused for a minute then grabbed their friend that was lying on the ground and threw him in the back of the van as they got in and drove off.
Sean laughed, “Did you have to be so harsh?”
I turned to him and shrugged, “I don’t know.”
Joey sighed, “Assholes.”
“Who were they?” I looked at him.
He shrugged, “They asked for directions to the Triton Agency and I was confused and said that I didn’t know what they were talking about. That’s when they grabbed me.”
“The Triton Agency?” I looked to the side, “Felix…”

“Felix!” I called.
We arrived at the Triton Agency about five minutes later and went in calling for Felix. He and Kyle were talking to an agent when we came up to them with an attitude.
“Felix Gulber.” I smiled as I stopped in front of them.
The agent they were talking to walked away.
“That’s not my name.” Felix said.
I nodded, “Oh right, it’s Felix Morris.”
“What do you want Cole?” Kyle looked at me.
Joey laughed, “You’ve grown kid.”
“Unlike your penis.” He snapped.
Joey gave his bitch face as we tried not to laugh.
“We’re here for the rest of my team.” I informed Felix.
He looked at me, “Let’s walk.”
I nodded and we turned and started towards the interrogation room with Joey and Sean behind us.
“Sorry about taking your team mate.” Felix said, “It was for the best—had to play bad.”
I nodded, “Just don’t do it again.”
He laughed, “You tell the fish the truth?”
I looked back at Sean and Joey who were watching us as they followed us, “Yeah.”
“How’d he take it?” 
I sighed and looked forward, “Like I did at first too, confused and in denial.”
“You got any new questions?” he asked.
I nodded, “Yeah. If he’s your brother, then why’d you stab him?”
“I’ve been asking myself that question every day after I did it. I didn’t kill him, stabbed him in the side not in the stomach or gut—thank god.”
“He hates you.”
He sighed, “I know.”
As we went inside of the interrogation room all that was heard were gasps and then silence.
I smiled, “Hello boys.”
Ken came up to me and almost instantly hugged me.
“We thought you were dead.” he cried as he backed away.
“Sorry I had to lie to you Crew, but it was what I had to do.” I informed.
Derek looked at me, “How are you alive? We saw you get shot.”
I lifted my shirt up to reveal my stitches, “I did get shot. Just didn’t kill me.”
 I lowered my shirt and nodded to Felix, “We were working with him to settle something.”
“We?” Ken asked.
“Me and Alan.” I informed.
“And settle what?” Derek questioned.
Felix stepped up, “Alan Loki made a deal with John Adams and Kendall Maslow.”
“What type of deal?” Ken asked.
“Something about drugs.” I informed them.
“You don’t know the details?” James spoke up.
I shook my head, “No. He never told me.”
“Hey Cole,” Josh looked at me, “I know you just came back from the dead and all, but uh, I would really like to get out of here.”
I laughed, “Yeah, sure man. Let’s go.”
“Where are we going boss?” Joey asked me.
“To drop your brother off at his house.” I made a right turn.
“What?” Josh knit his eyes, “I can’t go with you?”
“Sorry Josh, this thing is only for The Crew.” I informed.
“Does that mean I can’t go either?” James asked.
I shook my head, “Sorry man.”
James huffed, “Gay boy.”
I looked in the rearview mirror as the light was red, “What was that?”
“Nothing.” He looked down.
The light changed and I drove off.
“Tell me again why they cannot go but he can?” Sean studied Felix.
“Because he is a part in this thing as well,” I told him.
He crossed his arms, “but why do I have to sit next to him?”
“Because he’s your brother.” Joey said.
“Wait—I thought Ken was his brother.” Derek pointed out.
I looked over at Ken who had his head down next to me, “What?”
“Yeah,” Sean agreed, “That’s what he said to me at the hospital.”
“Ken… what did you do?” I seethed.
“I might have lied.” He admitted.
“Doesn’t anyone in this team tell the truth?” Joey snapped.
“You lied to me?” Sean asked Ken.
He sighed, “I didn’t want you have to deal with the fact that your real brother stabbed you.”
“I had to do it!” Felix defended himself, “You think I wanted to stab my little brother?”
“You had a choice! You almost killed me!” Sean yelled.
“But I didn’t!” Felix responded, “I could have stabbed you in the throat! But I didn’t!”
“But you still fucking stabbed me in the side!” he argued.
“I’m sorry!” Felix cried, “Okay? I’m sorry! I wouldn’t have done it if it weren’t for John and Alan!”
“What do they have to do with it?” Sean asked.
“Everything!” Felix yelled, “Everything you thought you knew was a lie! Your entire life and these last few years—everything was a lie! And I’m sorry!”
The entire van was silent.
“That’s it.” I snapped and pulled over to the side.
I turned and faced them, “You two are brothers… act like it.”
“But boss—“
“I don’t care if he slept with your wife and smacked your best friend—you're brothers! You’re the only family you have left! You take care of each other and always have one’s back, no matter what happened!” each other.
Joey and Josh looked at each other. The van was silent again as I stepped on the gas and sped away. 
The entire ride to Josh’s house was silent; no music and no talking. We arrived at his house and he said his goodbyes as he and James got out and we pulled off.
We headed towards the place where Alan had told me to meet him when I had the Crew. It was an abandoned building about five minutes from the safe house.
“Where we going Cole?” Ken asked.
“You’ll see.” I informed him and made a left turn.
“Why don’t you just tell us?” Joey sighed.
“Fine grumpy. We’re going to meet up with Alan.” I said.
“After all these years.” Sean huffed.
I nodded, “I know, seems like forever.”
I stopped at a traffic light and waited.
“Cole?” Joey looked at me.
“Yeah?”
He sighed, “Did you make a deal with Ryan saying that if you die the Crew is his?”
I turned and looked at him, “What? No.”
“Really? Because that’s what Ryan said when we tried quitting on him.” Ken informed.
“Wait,” I turned, “Why would you guys quit?”
They got quiet and looked away.
“Crew?” I studied each of them.
Felix laughed, “Looks like you got played—again!”
I gave him a look, “Do you mind?”
He shook his head, “Not at all, love.”
I rolled my eyes and huffed, “We need to pay Ryan a little visit.”
Joey huffed, “You should have seen what he did to me when he kidnapped me.”
“Wait, he did what?!” I fumed.
“Long story.” He said as the light changed.
I sighed and stepped on the gas.

I pulled up with The Crew to the abandoned building and as we all got out Alan came running out of the building.
“Cole!” He called.
“Yeah?”
“Come quick!” he yelled.
I ran up to him and with my team behind me we went inside.
“What’s wrong?” I asked him.
He led us to the back room, “Its Kendall.”
“Boss…” Joey cautioned, “Tell me you do not have Kendall taped up somewhere in this building.”
“We don’t,” Alan informed, “We have him tied up in this room.”
We entered the back room and Joey let out a deep sigh.
“Come on guys!” He complained.
“What?” Alan looked at him.
I sighed, “That was his friend.”
“This guy?” He pointed to Kendall, “This guys a bloody wanker!”
“Excuse me?” Sean cocked his head.
“Almost forgot you were British.” Derek mumbled.
“Yeah, it’s nice to see you too Derek.” Alan retorted.
“Why is he here?” Joey asked him.
Alan huffed, “Did you not just hear me? The guys a douche.”
“Doesn’t give you the right to fucking kidnap him!” he yelled.
“Yeah it fucking does mate!”
Joey rolled his eyes, “And you hit him?”
“What was I supposed to do? Tickle him to death?” He asked.
Joey laughed, “Yeah!”
“That’s enough you two,” Felix butted in, “Let’s see what he has to say.”
“Oh, he already has something to say—a lot to say actually.” Alan informed.
“Like what?” I asked him.
“Well he said something about the deal we made and how it turned sour,” he started, “and he said something about how John threatened to kill him and take the money for himself. Then he said something that I didn’t understand.”
“Another language?” Sean asked.
He shook his head, “No, something like: what hurts you will make you suffer. I don’t know.”
“That sounds familiar.” Joey scratched his chin.
“Yeah I don’t know what it means.” Alan shrugged.
I looked at Joey as he was looking down at the floor with a concerning look on his face.
“What’s up?” I asked him.
He looked up at me, “John said something to me a while back. Something like what Kendall said to Alan.”
“What’d he say?” Ken asked.
“He said: What doesn’t hurt you; will kill you. Then he said that soon I will know what that means.” Joey looked at us.
“Do you know what it means?” Derek wondered.
Alan looked at Joey, “That’s what he said, what doesn’t hurt you; will kill you. But what in bloody hell does that mean?”
“Let’s ask him.” I suggested looking at Kendall tied to a chair.
“Good idea mate.” Felix patted my shoulder and walked towards Kendall who studied us with his mouth taped shut.
“You’ve been listening to what we’ve been saying this entire time?” Felix looked at him.
Kendall’s eyes got wide and he started shaking his head.
“Just tell us this mate,” Felix continued, “Who did it!?”
Kendall knit his eyes, “Hm?”
“Felix?” I asked.
He looked at me, “Yeah?”
“I don’t think that’s how it works… mate.”
“It’s how I work you bloody wanker.” He snapped.
“Hey!” Alan yelled, “That’s my thing.”
“Sorry, just seemed right.” Felix admitted.
“Well it’s wasn’t.” Alan smirked.
Felix nodded, “Whatever.”
Sean started laughing, “Two British guys fighting—classic!”
Alan smiled and nodded, “Seems like you haven’t changed a bit.”
“I didn’t.” Sean laughed.
“Obviously.” Alan rolled his eyes.
“Can we get on with the interrogation? Please?” I looked at the two of them.
Alan nodded and moved over towards Kendall, “Okay, time to play my favorite game,” He took out his lucky switch blade and opened it, “I’m going to ask you a question and you’re going to answer truthfully. And if I even think it’s a lie… I swear on my bollocks will you get what’s coming to ya mate.”
“Does that even make sense?” Sean asked him.
Alan looked at him, “It doesn’t have to—I’m awesome.”
Sean smiled and nodded, “Yeah.”
He turned back to Kendall and ripped the tape from his mouth.
“HELP!” Kendall screamed, “SOMEONE HELP ME!”
Alan bitch smacked him across his face.
“Ooh, damn!” Ken covered his mouth.
“Silence!” Alan yelled at Kendall, “You no talk unless I ask you a question!”
“Well he asked me a question—”
Smack!
We busted out laughing and Joey gave his angry bitch-face and I cracked up even more.
“Are you bloody high?” Felix asked Alan.
Sean laughed, “No! He’s fucking awesome!”
Joey rolled his eyes, “And I’m spider-man.”
“Maybe you are.” Alan looked at him.
“Okay we are not good with the whole interrogation thing!” he yelled.
“Yeah—I can tell.” Kendall huffed.
Alan pulled his hand back and he flinched.
“Alan!” Joey yelled, “Why do you have to be so harsh?!”
“Why do you care what happens to the asshole?” he asked.
Joey sighed, “Because he saved my life.”
“When?” I asked looking at him.
“Back when those guys jumped me, he was there to save me.” He informed.
“I thought that was Josh?” Ken questioned.
“It was Josh and Kendall. Kendall fucked up the guys and Josh took me to the hospital. Cole they fucking pulled out a gun on me.”
I looked at him then at Alan, “Let him go.”
“But boss—”
“Do it!” I ordered.
He sighed and cut the tape that was holding Kendall with his blade. Kendall sat there and stared at us then looked at Joey.
“Why’d they bring me here?” he asked.
Joey sighed, “That deal you made with John and Alan… tell us about it.”
“That stupid deal?” he looked at him, “John wanted it all to himself—5.3 million all to himself. And that’s exactly what he did. The fucker,” He lifted his shirt, “See this scar? John gave me that, said that I was ‘robbing his bank’.”
“We’re you?” I asked him.
He shook his head, “Fuck no! I wouldn’t do that to him!”
“But you’d do it to me!?” Alan yelled.
“No! Man, it was all John’s doing! He’s the one that left me for dead! He’s the one that almost killed you!” Kendall informed loudly.
Joey huffed, “Looks like John played a lot of people.”
“He played you too?” they asked at the same time.
Joey nodded, “Yeah for about two years.”
“The bastard kidnapped us.” I informed.
Alan shook his head, “I hate that bloody wanker.”
“He’s a fish,” Sean agreed, “A catfish.”
“And he’s dead.” Derek knit his eyes.
“He is?” Kendall questioned.
I nodded, “Yep. So can we all go home?”
They were silent.
“Yeah, so Kendall and Alan—kiss and make up.” Ken nodded his head.
Alan looked at Kendall and sighed, “What do ya say mate? Truce?” he held out his hand.
Kendall studied him then got up and took his hand and they shook.
“Yeah I guess I can forget and forgive,” Kendall smiled, “but if you do it again, I won’t be so forgetful.”
Alan laughed, “I won’t.”
“Good, what now?” Felix asked.
I looked at him, “Now we go pay a visit to Ryan.”

“What did this Ryan fella do?” Alan asked as we approached our vehicles.
“What did he not do?” Joey rolled his eyes.
“No seriously mate, what’d he do?”
I stopped in front of the van, “Joey tell him.”
Joey sighed and lifted his shirt to reveal the patched up wounds, “He kidnapped and interrogated me.”
“The bloody wanker, let’s go.” He got in his car.
“Now you’re talking.” I opened the driver’s side door on the van and got in.
 The rest of the Crew and Felix got in and we drove off down the street. We got caught at a red light and waited until it changed to green. We sat in silence.
“Cole,” Joey spoke, “Can you drop me off at Josh’s house?”
I looked at him behind me, “Why? Don’t you want to see the look on Ryan’s face when I whack him?”
He laughed, “Yeah but… its just—today—it’s a special day.”
“Is it your birthday?” Felix asked him.
He shook his head, “Nah it’s uh, the day Megan was killed.”
“Oh, I’m sorry mate.” Felix patted his back.
He looked down and smiled, “It’s okay. Do you mind boss?”
I faced forward and shook my head, “No, just call Alan.” I handed him my phone, “His number’s under A-rod”
He laughed, “A-rod? What’s wrong with you?”
“Everything Captain Bob, everything is wrong with me.” I stepped on the gas and we sped off.
Things past through my mind, things that we actually needed to worry about. Things that we needed to talk about.
I sighed, “Crew?”
“Yeah boss?” Ken looked at me.
“We got to talk about something.” I informed.
“Sure,” Derek said, “What about?”
I glanced at Ken next to me, “When we’re done all this… I want out.”
“What?” Joey’s voice was shaky.
“Yeah, I’ve been thinking about it and it’s want I really want.” I stopped at a traffic light.
“Why? Why do you want to leave the Crew?” Sean asked.
“No,” I huffed, “I’m saying that we all need to settle down.”
It was silent.
“So, no more Crew?” Derek asked.
I stepped on the gas, “Yeah… no more Crew.”


Kenneth Meginley
“Yeah, no more Crew.” Cole’s words hit us hard.
I couldn’t believe it! Our boss and friend for years wants the Crew to be no more? Why? Here’s why:
“I found someone to I want to settle down with.”
I mean come on! What kind of selfish, low level bastard does that? Retires from what he does just because he found someone he loves?
I couldn’t blame him; I guess that’s why I stood up for him. That, and the fact that we’ve known each other since we were young and basically grew up together. We always dreamed of being hit men, playing games and acting it out.
Anyway, we were on our way to drop Joey off at Josh’s before something happened. We pulled up at Josh’s to see him being dragged out by two men with guns.
Joey immediately jumped out.
“Hey!” He yelled, “What the fuck do you think you’re doing?”
One of the guys dropped Josh and aimed his pistol at Joey. The rest of us jumped out of the van and stood behind him protectively.
“Joey, nice to see you again.” The man with the gun said.
“Who are you?” Joey asked.
“Don’t you recognize me?”
Joey studied him, “No.”
“Ugh, I’m hurt.” He laughed, “Harper sent me.”
“That bitch?” I asked, “Why does she want that loser?” I nodded to Josh.
“Oh thanks.” Josh rolled his eyes.
“She wants him too.” he nodded to Joey.
“Don’t fucking touch him!” Josh struggled in the guy’s arms.
“Don’t worry big brother, they wouldn’t dare. Not with The Crew here to back me up.” Joey informed him.
“That’s right Captain Bob—can I call you that?” the man asked, “Well, it’s too late. So, you can come with us or we can kill each of your friends and force you to come.”
“Can I see door number three Carl?” Joey joked.
“Yeah, door number three is a bullet in your head.” He raged.
“I’ll take that please.”
The man cocked his gun.
“No!” Josh yelled, “Joey god dammit! Why do you have to be such a smart ass?”
Joey shrugged, “It kind of runs in the family, bro.”
“Enough with the bullshit—time to get this party started.” He whipped out a grenade and pulled out the pin and threw it towards us.
“Grenade!” Cole yelled.
We twirled around and started running away from the soon to be explosion. When it went off the explosion threw us against the van.
“Ah shit!” Alan yelled.
His voice sounded demonic as a car started and sped off. I held my ears and tried to get up.
“Crew?” Cole called.
“I’m good!” Sean informed.
“Same here!” Derek added.
I stood up as Josh’s front lawn burned.
“Kenneth? Joey? Alan?” Cole called.
“I’m good mate!” Alan yelled.
“Ken?” he looked at me.
I looked around, “Where’s Josh and Joey?”

“So, Harper took Josh and Joey?” Felix asked.
We were back at the safe house.
Cole nodded, “Yeah.”
“I never should have dated that bitch.” I shook my head.
“You too mate?” Felix looked at me.
“What?” I knit my eyes.
“You dated her too?” He asked.
“You mean you dated Harper?” I seethed.
He nodded, “Yeah.”
“Did you know she’s a lesbian?” I whispered to him.
He laughed, “Yeah mate, I found out when she dumped me.”
“Same here!” I gasped.
“Okay Crew—and friends—time to plan.” Cole ordered.
“What’s next on our to-do list?” Sean asked.
“Well,” Cole begun, “We dealt with the whole Alan thing.”
“Yeah, thanks for that.” Alan spoke.
Cole nodded, “Just don’t ask me to fake my death again.”
He held up his hand, “I won’t mate.”
Cole gave him thumbs up then looked at me, “What’s up with you?”
I knit my eyes, “Me? Nothing! Why?”
He shrugged, “Just asking.”
I huffed, “We should be asking if you’re okay boss.”
“Me? I’m fine. Why?” he asked.
I shrugged, “Just asking.”
He laughed and pointed at me, “I see what you did there.”
I nodded, “So… how are we going to get Joey and Josh back?”
“We need to go see Harper.” Felix said.
“Why’re we always going to see someone?” Sean asked, “Why can’t they come see us?”
“Because they’re too lazy to see us.” Derek joked.
“That, and the fact that we rule.” I added.
“Harper stays at her job most of the time.” Felix informed.
“Where’s that at?” Alan asked him.
“She works as a banker at Wells Bank.” I informed.
Sean smiled, “Boss?”
“Yeah?”
“Are we going to rob a bank?” 
Cole laughed, “Yeah. We are.”

“You got it Crew?” Cole asked us.
I looked at the blueprints that he had laid down on the table and nodded, “Yeah.”
“How much money are we going to get?” Sean asked.
Derek smacked him on the back of the head, “You dimwit, you don’t ask that!”
“What?” he yelled, “It’s just a question!”
Derek rolled his eyes, “Fish.”
Sean pushed him, “What’d you call me?”
“You heard me!” Derek pushed him back.
“You asshole!” Sean yelled.
“Screw you!” Derek came in his face.
“Whatcha gonna do about it Frank?” Sean pushed him back.
“Frank?” I looked at him confused.
He turned to me, “Don’t judge me!”
Derek rolled his eyes and turned away. Sean looked at him, “Don’t turn away from me!”
“Bitch please!” he walked next to Cole.
“Okay Crew, time to bring out the secret weapon.” Cole rubbed his hands together.
“And what might that be?” Felix asked.
“It’s more like whom.” Cole smiled.
“But whose that whom?” Alan turned his head to him.
“His name is Jackson.” Cole informed.
“Jared ‘Jackson’ Hayes.” A familiar Russian voice said by the front door.
“Hey gay boy.” Sean joked.
“Hey!” James snapped, “That’s my line.”
“What ever floats your boat.” Sean sighed.
“That’s so gay.” I rolled my eyes.
James came up to me, “Gay boy?”
“I don’t understand.” I said.
“Gay boy?” He raised his voice.
“Still…”
He stared at me, then came at me head on. He knocked me on my ass and got on top of me.
“Awe.” 
“Shut up!” I snapped at Alan, “Get off me James!”
“Say it!” James snapped.
“Fuck you!” I spit.
He grabbed my head, “Say it!”
“Say what?” I asked.
“You know what to say! Now say it!” James bitched.
“I will not!” I protested.
“Do it!” He ordered harshly.
“James.” Cole sighed, “That’ll be enough.”
He looked up at him, “You cannot tell me what to do, Cole.”
“I’m not telling you, I’m ordering you to stop!” Cole snapped.
James snorted then backed off and I got up pissed.
I faced him, “You ever do that again… you dead.”
He held out his hands, “Come at me bro.”
I shook my head, “Now you can finish boss.”
Cole nodded, “Well, James, we’re gonna need you to call Jackson.”
“If we don’t already have what we need.” Derek informed.
“Yeah, he’s right we probably already do have enough weapons to do this one mission,” Cole said, “Let’s look in the back room.”
We started towards the back room and Sean started humming an all too familiar tune.
“Can you stop?” I turned to him.
“Guys,” Derek spoke, “Joey and Josh need our help, so if you’d stop screwing around.”
“You’re right, sorry. Move on.” Sean put his head down.
Derek and I met eyes and we continued to the back room.
“Looks like we have quite enough weapons.” Cole informed looking at the supply of weapons we had in the back room against the wall.
“Yeah, MPS-503, Desert Eagle, pump shot gun, hell, even a grenade launcher.” Derek boasted.
Sean turned to Cole, “Boss?”
“Yeah.”
“I have an idea about what we could do.” He said.
“Let’s hear it.”

I walked towards her, the only woman that stood out to me. This building was her's—all of it. I walked past the security guard and smiled as he waved to me.
I stopped behind her, “Hello Harper.”
She twirled around with shock on her face, “Kenneth.”
“How are you?” I asked.
“Good. I guess you don’t take no for an answer?” She put her hand on her hip.
“I just need a few seconds.” I informed.
“You have ten. Shoot.”
I smiled at the word and looked her in the eyes, “I want you back.”
“Oh come on Kenneth!”
“No, listen!” I hissed, “I don’t care if you’re a lesbian, I love you, I always have.”
“I’m not a lesbian.” She said.
“What?”
“I’m Bi.”
I nodded, “So am I.”
“What?” she held back a smile.
“I can tell you still have a thing for me.” I informed.
“Pssh, please Kenneth. If I’d ever be so obligated as to still have feelings for someone like you?” 
I shook my head, “So you don’t have feelings for me?”
She smiled, “Not exactly.”
“Well, what does that mean?” I looked at her.
She smiled and looked down.
I bit my lip, “I love when you do that.”
She looked up at me, “Not the time.”
I backed up, “What? All I’m saying is that we should start over.”
“And all I’m saying is that it’ll never happen, Kenneth you’re not right for me. I need someone who’s gonna be there for me.”
“But I will, I never stopped loving you Harper.” I admitted.
She sighed, “Kenneth. I can’t.”
I came close to her, “I know why you choose to say no. you don’t want to get hurt, but I won’t hurt you. I’ll love you till the day you grow old—and then some.”
She smiled and looked me in the eye, “But I took your team mate.”
I leaned in closer, her lips just away from mine, “I don’t care.” I moved in, pressing my lips against hers.
An explosion behind us made us stop and get down. Gun shots filled the bank and masked men entered.
“What the fuck!” Harper yelled.
I shielded her behind me as one came up to me and hit me with the base of his shot gun. I fell to the ground in pain as he pushed Harper onto the ground. 
I quickly got up, “No! Don’t touch her!”
He came at me and hit me in the head with his shot gun once more. I dropped to the ground and blacked out.

I woke up on the couch in the safe house with my head hurting. I got up and looked around. 
“Boss?” I called.
“In here!” He answered.
I walked drowsily to the back room and leaned on the door frame. The sight on the inside made me smile.
“Hello babe.”
“Fuck you Kenneth, let me outta here!” Harper was tied to a chair.
Cole looked at me, “Sorry about knocking you out.”
I shrugged, “Had to play it off, right boss?”
He nodded, “Right.”
I looked at Harper, “Where’s Joey and Josh?”
“Who?” She asked in a peppy voice.
I came up and hit the wall next to her, “Where are they?!”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about!” She yelled.
I got in her face, “You know exactly what I’m talking about.”
Someone placed their hand on my shoulder, I backed off and faced Cole.
He leaned in closer, “Don’t you think you’re too hard on her?”
I knit my eyes, “Too hard? Boss, she kidnapped Josh and Joey.”
 “I know, but, she’s a girl.” He explained.
I pulled my head away, “I don’t care if she’s a little girl. If she’d bad we have to deal with her. No one take’s my friends and gets away with it.”
He nodded, “Good point, but—”
“No, no buts,” I said, “this is the only time we have to do this. Are you with me?”
He pointed at me, “No hitting.”
I rolled my eyes, “Deal.” I turned back to Harper and sighed.
“Look at you,” she smirked, “Listening to your boss like the little bitch you are.”
I clenched my fist, “Shut the fuck up!”
She smiled, “You were always the good soldier. That is until you faked your death and got hooked on drugs for a year and a half.”
“That was a mistake!” I yelled, “Everything I did was a mistake!”
Everyone was looking at me. I turned and walked out of the room with my arms crossed and head down.
Cole followed me, came up to me and placed his hand on my shoulder.
“You okay?” He asks.
I sighed, “No.”
He came in front of me, “What’s up?”
“Everything!” I yelled, “Everything is up! We can’t do anything without someone fucking it up!”
“Don’t you think I know that by now?” He raised his voice, “Ken, why do you think we’re retiring when this is all over?”
I turned away, “Boss, I’m sorry.”
“For what?”
I sighed, “Everything I did to the Crew. Everything I did to you.”
He huffed, “Don’t even worry about that man.”
“But I do,” I admitted turning around, “I worry about that every single day.”
He sighed and looked down, “You don’t think that I think about things like that either? That I betrayed the Crew too? Because I do, I think about that all the time. How you, Sean, Derek and even me, betrayed the team.”
“You didn’t betray us…” I informed.
He looked up at me, “I didn’t? Ken, I lied about my death, you guys thought that I was dead—to me, that’s betrayal.”
I shook my head, “No boss, that’s being a good leader. Alan needed your help, and you were there. I would have done the same thing.”
Cole looked at me, “And the fact that Sean and Derek left.” He shook his head. “I can’t sleep at night thinking that they left… because of me.”
“But that’s not true. They left because of them. You had nothing to do with that! And stop thinking you do!” I told him.
“Hey guys!” Sean called from the back room.
I looked at Cole as he turned to Sean, “Yeah?”
“Might wanna get in here.” 
We turned and went back in the back room where Harper was tied.
“What’s going on?” Cole asked.
“She spoke.” James informed.
“What’d she say?” I looked at him.
Alan looked at us, “She told us where Joey is.”
Derek Johnson
We had convinced Harper to tell us where Josh and Joey were. We talked to her and made her a deal. Cole might not be happy but at least we get our friends back.
The deal was to let her go, new name, new identity, and new life if she just tells us where they are. And she bought it. She actually bought into it and told us where they were.
I guess we’re just that good.
Actually… the truth is; it was Alan that did it—talked her into spitting it out. He was always good at things like that.
When she told us, we headed to the place she said with our weapons. James stayed at the safe house to watch Harper. There was really nothing to watch but her tied up.
“The place, the uh, location where they are, is a, um, a uh,” Sean couldn’t get the words out.
I laughed, “Yeah we know.”
The place they were being held was a fish shop and Sean did not like that.
He kept complaining.
“Why does it have to be here?”
“Can’t we get them another time?”
“Come on boss, why?”
It almost got annoying until he said this:
“Fine, I’ll go, but I ain’t gonna touch any fish—fish!”
The way he said it made us bag up, he said it with such enthusiasm it made it sound funny.
Kendall shook his head, “You guys, I’m starting to like.”
 Cole made a right turn and sped past a red light.
“Can you slow down?” Alan asked him.
Cole gave him the finger.
He nodded, “Right.”
Ken pointed forward, “Right up here.”
“I know.” Cole turned with a screech
We parked outside of the fish store and got out with our weapons at ready.
“Derek, and Ken with me,” Cole ordered, “Kendall and Sean with Alan. You guys go in the front and we’ll go around back.”
“Don’t I get a weapon?” Kendall asked Cole.
He laughed, “No.”
“Come on.” Kendall pleaded.
Cole shook his head, “No, I’m not giving you a weapon.”
“I wouldn’t either.” I told him.
“Why?”
Cole looked at him, “I don’t trust you.”
“What? Why?” He asked.
Cole shook his head and looked at Alan, “Make sure he doesn’t wiz.”
“Make sure I don’t what?” Kendall asked.
“Wiz, it’s a term he uses to represent bugging out.” I explained to him.
“Why doesn’t he just say bugging out?” he looked at us.
Cole smiled, “It sounds cool. Can we go?”
“Oh shit, yeah come on guys.” Ken waved us forward.
We split up; Cole, Ken and I went around back while the others stayed and went around front. We had our weapons in our hands and approached the back door.
Cole signaled us to go ahead and we obeyed. We got on either sides of the door as Cole slowly reached down to see if it’s open. When he opened it we aimed our silenced pistols inside at nothing.
Cole motioned for us to move forward and we did. We moved into the store and we split up. I went into the basement with my gun at a ready.
I walked down the stairs and kept look in front of me. The basement was dark and kind of scared me, but I sucked it up and moved on.
We didn’t have ear pieces and I got worried; what if something happened? What if?
I molested the wall to find the light switch.
I found it and turned it on.
“Don’t move!” a voice yelled.
I froze and looked to the side. A man with a gun aimed at me spoke:
“Drop the gun…Who are you?”
I dropped my pistol, “Put the gun down.” I persuaded.
He shook his head, “What’re you doing down here?”
I sighed, “Looking for a bathroom.”
He moved the gun, “Come down here.”
I took a step forward and proceeded down the steps.
“What’s your name?” He asked me.
“Derek.” I informed.
“Derek?”
I nodded.
He huffed, “I knew a Derek. His last name was Johnson.”
I coughed, “What did he look like?”
He shrugged, “Don’t know. The bastard took off when we were young—wait—why am I telling you this?” he moved a step forward.
I looked around, “What’s your name?”
He looked at me, “My name? Why?”
I shrugged, “You know my name.”
He nodded, “Its Dyrek.”
I froze… I know that name.
I swallowed, “Dyrek… Junior?”
He raised his gun to my head, “Do I know you?”
I laughed, “You might.”
He looked to the side, “You’re Derek? As in, Derek Johnson?”
I smiled, “Hey bud.”
 Dyrek Junior was an old friend of mine, we were tight. Basically grew up together. When I was young my parents and I had to get up and leave; I left Dyrek alone with his abusive father.
“How longs it been?” He asked with the gun still pointed at my head.
“Too long,” I tried to move forward but he cocked the gun.
“Don’t,” he warned.
“Can’t we talk?” I inched slowly towards him.
He shook his head, “Nah bro.”
I knit my eyes, “You’re working for Harper?”
“Yeah and I like it.” He slowly pulled the trigger back.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa! Dyrek listen! Don’t do this! Harper’s using you!” 
“How?” he let the trigger go.
I let out a sigh of relief, “She’s an evil bitch; she uses all of us.”
“Even you?” 
I nodded, “Even me.”
He grunted, “I don’t believe you!” 
It all happened so quickly. He went to pull the trigger and I immediately went after him. The gun went off then he dropped it and we were on the floor fighting.
I got on top of him and punched him in the face. He kicked me off of him then got on me and started punching me in the face. 
He backed off and suddenly his hands were around my neck. As I gasped for air I tried to fight him off me.
“Don’t do this!” I managed.
“I’m sorry Derek, but it’s what I have to do!” He yelled.
The grip around my neck got tighter and I reached up to his face but it wasn’t enough. A gunshot went off behind us, his grip on my neck reduced and he fell to the side motionless.
I laid there gasping for air and Sean came down next to me.
“You okay?” he asked.
I sat up and looked at Dyrek, “Yeah, and thanks man.”
He nodded, “Anytime. You know him?”
I sighed, “Yeah. His name is Dyrek, we used to be tight.”
“Sorry.” He looked down.
I shook my head and got up, “Don’t worry about it.” I walked over and picked up my gun, “Shall we go?”
The fish place was huge; it was easy to get lost. Sean and I stuck together, went the way Cole ordered him to go. 
I could tell Sean wanted to talk but couldn’t get the words out, I knew him long enough to understand. But we couldn’t talk, we both knew that well. If we talked, the enemy could hear us and take advantage.
We stopped at the sound of a gunshot and then yelling.
“Alan!” a familiar voice yelled.
Sean and I looked at each other then ran ahead.
We entered a room that was filled with bad guys with guns.
“Oh shit!” I yelled and went to turn back.
“Don’t move!” Someone yelled.
I sighed and we turned around and faced the men with guns. Cole and the others were on the ground with their hands in the air. There were more than them then there was of us.
“More of you?” One asked.
I nodded, “The name’s Derek.”
One of them smiled, “I know you.”
I looked at him, “Do you?”
He nodded, “You’re Derek Johnson. Dyrek told me about you.”
“Speaking of Dyrek, where is the son of a bitch?” another asked.
Sean and I looked at each other then back at them.
“Dead,” Sean spoke.
I nudged him to stop talking but he continued. “I killed him, shot the bastard in the head.” 
“And why’d you go and do something like that?” The guy sounded like a pirate.
Sean started laughing, “Why the fuck do you sound like a pirate?”
The guy came at him but Felix quickly got up and pushed him back then they stood face to face. 
“Felix Gulber. My, my.” A man approached us.
“Do I know you?” Felix asked.
“You don’t remember your own brother? I’m disappointed.”
I looked at Sean, “You have another brother?”
He knit his eyes and shrugged helplessly.
“No you idiot, I’m not the morons brother,” the man nodded to Felix, “I’m his.”
“He’s his brother too.” Ken informed.
Felix looked down, “I’m sorry Nate.”
“For what? Having another brother?” I asked.
Nate looked at me, “You shut your mouth.”
I rolled my eyes and mocked, “Shut your mouth.”
He gave me the evil eye and looked at Felix, “Back down brother.”
“You gonna kill us mate?” Felix asked.
Nate shook his head, “Nah I already killed one of you. No more needs to die. What’re you here for?”
I looked at Kendall who lay dead on the ground not far from us. Poor guy.
“It’s who we’re here for.” Cole corrected.
“And who might that be?” Nate looked at him.
“The two guys you are protecting, they’re our friends.” Felix told him.
Nate nodded and signaled to his friends, “Bring them out.”
Two guys left the room and then came back a minute later carrying Joey out. They threw him on the ground and The Crew automatically ran up to him.
“Joey?” Ken sympathized.
Joey got up and charged Nate but Cole and Ken held him back.
“You son of a bitch!” He yelled, “Bring him to me!”
I looked at Joey speechless, who was he talking about? Then it hit me—Josh.
“Joey, Joey… where’s Josh?” I looked at him.
His face was red and tears were coming down his face.
“He’s dead.” Nate said.
Joey put his face in his hands.
“Bullshit!” Cole got up and faced Nate.
“Don’t believe me?” he asked turning to his friends. “Bring him out.”
Joey clenched up into a ball.
Two of Nate’s guys left and after a couple seconds brought back Josh, whom, as they threw him on the ground, lay there motionless.
I knit my eyes, “You son of a bitch.”
“What?” Nate backed up, “I didn’t kill him.”
Joey got up and started to walk away.
“Joey?” Cole called after him.
He bent down and grabbed a pistol.
As he turned I yelled, “Oh shit, Joey no!”
But it was too late; Joey had grabbed the pistol and began shooting into the crowd of bad guys.
We darted to the side as he let out a couple shots, killing three people.
“Joey! Put the fucking gun down!” Cole ordered.
He let off two more shots then ran away, that's when I saw movement from the gound. Josh was alive.
“You have three seconds to leave my sight!” Nate yelled. “One!”
Felix grabbed Cole’s arm, “Let’s go mate!”
Sean and I ran and grabbed Josh then we all got up and ran out of the room before Nate counted to three.
“We have to find Joey.” Cole pointed out the obvious.

When we exited the building we entered our cars and sped off down the street heading back to the safe house.
We dropped Josh off at the hospital ad didn't stay long. We had to leave to find Joey.
“Guys,” Sean looked at us, “I just noticed something.”
“What?” Ken looked up from his seat.
“Harper’s gone.”
The back room got our immediate attention.
“Mother—” Ken got up and clenched his fist.
“That bitch.” I shook my head.
“We’ll get her later, for now, come on Crew, we’re going to look for Joey.” Cole got up.
“Us to?” Felix asked.
Cole looked at him, “No, you guys stay here, The Crew is going.”
We started out the door when Cole stopped and turned to Alan.
“You coming?” he asked.
“Me?” Alan pointed to himself.
“Aren’t you a part of the Crew?” Cole smiled, “Come on.”
He followed us out the door.
“So where we going boss?” Alan asked.
Cole shook, “Hearing you call me boss again gives me the chills.”
Alan laughed, “I am not used to it too mate.”
“I’ll get used it... Trust me.” He said.
We got into the car and Cole started it.
“We’re going to the one place I’m guessing Joey is.” Cole said backing up.
“Where’s that?” I asked.
He huffed, “His house.”

“Joey!?” Ken yelled through Joey’s house.
The front door was open so we went in without a second thought.
“Joey?” I looked around in his room. 
Nothing.
“It’s all clear boss!” Sean yelled.
“Okay regroup!” Cole ordered.
We all went back to Joey’s living room.
“What now?” Ken asked.
I had to urge to turn on the TV and went for the button on the wall.
“What’re you doing?” Cole asked me.
I sighed and turned on the TV, “I don’t know. Just trust me.”
The channel that was on was news. I went to change it but Ken stopped me.
“What?” I asked him.
“Look!” He yelled.
We all turned to the television.
“Breaking news! A triple homicide leaves FBI in the ruins,” The reporter said, “the victims have been identified as Harper Ortiz, Henry Jackson, and Brady Kent. No news on the investigation, but police are on the lookout for this man; Joey Walker, male, 27, blue eyes, black hair and 6 foot. If you have any information on his ware-a-bouts police ask you to call this hotline. He is considered armed and extremely dangerous—” Cole snatched the remote from my hand and turned the TV back off.
“We have to find him—now!” 

“If I were an enraged hit men with a pistol and the FBI was looking for me, where would I hide?” Sean rubbed his chin.
“We could check the hospital.” Alan suggested.
Ken shook his head, “No, he wouldn’t go there.”
“If he’s wounded he would.” He informed him.
“He’s right,” Cole looked up, “Ken and Alan go check the hospital, and don’t take the van.”
They nodded and soon left.
“Where else?” Cole crossed his arms.
“What about Megan’s old house? S’not far from here.” Sean suggested.
Cole nodded, “Go.”
“We’ll find him before the police do.” Sean smiled then left.
I looked at Cole, worry on his face.
I placed my hand on his shoulder, “We will find him boss.”
He looked at me, “I know, we always do.” He sighed, “I just knew he would crack if this happened again.”
“Yeah, he lost his sister and he thinks he lost his brother? The fuckers,” I said disgusted, “They shouldn't have said he was dead."
“Tell that to Nate.” Cole looked away, “If Josh was here..."
I looked at him, “That’s it!”
“What?” he turned to me.
“The one Joey would go to hide would be somewhere no one would expect.”
Silence.
“Josh’s house!”

We drove to Josh’s house in silence; no words were exchanged except our thoughts.
Was Joey at Josh’s?
Would he have changed?
Would he have remorse?
Is the still a part of The Crew?
Every minute more questions raced through my mind. I couldn’t help but feel guilty. Was this our fault?
Then I looked at Cole who stared at the car in front of us and automatically knew that this, this was our time to prove that none of this was ever our fault.
“Boss?” I sighed.
He looked at me.
I smiled, “Step on the gas.”
He knit his eyes, “Why?”
“Just do it.”
“Why? Why would I step on the gas?” he asked.
I rolled my eyes, “To go faster.”
“Why would I go faster? I’m going to get pulled over.”
I sighed, “Do you have to make everything complicated?”
“Yeah.” He smiled then put his foot on the gas and went faster.
“Whoa, Cole… COLE!”
We crashed into a truck that stopped suddenly. A car next to us and behind us rammed into us making our air bags bust open and hit us in the face.
“Fuck!” I yelled holding my bloody nose and patted the air bag down.
Cole got mad and stormed out of the van.
“What the fuck man!” He yelled.
I held my nose and got out.
The man in the truck in front of us got out and came up to Cole.
“Look asshole, can’t you see it’s a red light!?” He asked.
“Why’d you have to stop so abruptly?” Cole shoved him.
The man shoved him back, “Why were you going so fast?”
I took my hand away from my nose and saw the blood. A woman came up to me and handed me a ripped shirt. I took it and held it against my bloody nose.
“Are you alright?” She asked.
I nodded, “Yeah. Thanks.”
She smiled, “What’s your name?”
I looked at Cole who was still arguing with the man then back at her, “Derek Johnson.”
She held out her hand, “I’m Natasha, Natasha Jordan.”
I took her hand and we shook.
She smiled, “Sorry I hit you.”
I shook my head, “Ah, don’t worry about it.”
I looked back at Cole who was face-to-face with the guy ready to kill him. I ran over there and got between them.
“Calm down Cole!” I pushed him back.
He turned and walked away.
I looked at the guy, “What’s your problem, asshole?”
“My problem?” He shoved me back, “I don’t have a fucking problem!”
“Don’t touch me.” I warned.
“Or what?” he shoved me again.
“I said don’t fucking touch me faggot.” I pushed him.
He stumbled backwards then came forward and swung his arm, catching me in the jaw.
I swung back, hitting him with my fist.
He stumbled backwards and fell to the ground.
“Derek!” Cole called.
I looked at him as he waved for me come on.

SEAN WILLIAMS
Cole told me to go to Megan’s old house—and I did. I went there and kicked the door down expecting to see Joey, but who do I find?
Mister Bobby Adams.
He was asleep on the couch. I went up to him and placed my pistol in his face.
Without opening his eyes, he spoke.
“Get your dick out of my face.”
I knit my eyes and laughed, “Excuse me?”
He opened his eyes, “Oh it’s you.”
I took the weapon away, “What’re you doing here?”
“I live here asshole.” He sat up.
“What? Since when?” I asked.
“Since the last owner was killed. What are you doing here? Long time no see.”
I nodded, “Yeah it’s been awhile. I came here to look for Joey, remember him?”
He nodded, “I remember all of you guys.”
“Can you help me find him?” 
“Joey?” 
I nodded, “Yeah he’s uh, kind of on a rampage.”
“What happened?”
I sighed, “His sister was killed then he thought his brother was killed. He flipped.”
He nodded, “Where would he be?”
I shrugged, “I don’t know.”
My phone rang in my pocket, I took it out and answered it.
“Hello?”
“Sean, it’s Cole, listen. We found Joey.” Cole said.
“What? Where?” I asked.
“At Josh’s, meet us there. No weapons.” 
“Okay boss.” I hung up and looked at Bobby, “You’re coming with me.”
Good thing Bobby had a car because I wasn’t planning on walking to Josh’s. I hid my pistol in the glove box as he drove off down the street.
“So where exactly is the house?” Bobby asked.
“It’s about five minutes this way.” I pointed to the right, “Just keep going straight.”
He turned onto the main road and stayed to the right. The rest of the ride was silence.
When we arrived at Josh’s we got out and approached.
“They in there?” Bobby asked.
I nodded and looked at him, “You wanna come in?”
He shrugged, “Just get in there.”
I nodded and walked up the steps then opened the door and went in.
“Slowly Sean,” Cole warned.
In Josh’s house was the rest of the Crew; Ken, Derek, Cole… and Joey—with a gun aimed at them.
“Whoa Captain Bob, what’re you doing?” I left the door open and Bobby stood next to me.
“What is he doing here?” Joey nodded to Bobby.
“He was at Megan’s house.” I admitted.
“What!” He moved the weapon to Bobby.
I got in the way, “He’s the owner, Joey. Megan’s dead.”
“Sean!” Ken hissed.
I looked at him then back at Joey, “Listen man, Josh isn't dead.”
He eyed Bobby with the pistol still aimed at him. I took a step towards him and he moved the gun to me.
“Get back!” He yelled.
“You ain’t going to shoot me,” I said hoping it was true.
He blinked, “Don’t test me, Sean.”
I looked at the gun and made a choice that might just cost me my life.
“Go head and shoot me, but just remember all the times we had together, all the times you guys found me half dead and brought me back to life, or the time Cole lost the one’s he loved, remember what he did?” I looked at him, “he stuck it through, our boss, stuck it through. Now that’s what you need to do… stick it through. Can you do that? For us?”
He looked at me, “Why do you guys care? We’re not a team.”
Cole stepped up, “We’re not a team? After everything we’ve been through—drug dealers, psychopaths, murderers, gang members, bikers, and even our own fucking agency! Don’t you dare, don’t you fucking dare say we aren’t a team!”
Joey looked at us sadness in his eyes, “I—I’m sorry. I don’t know what got over me.”
“You lost your family; I know exactly how you feel man. I lost my family too. But Josh is still alive, he's at the hospital.” Cole sympathized.
Joey sighed and lowered the gun, “Boss?”
“Yeah?”
Joey looked at him, “Are we really retiring?”
“Yeah.” He said.
“Good,” Joey smiled, “We lost too much from this game. Glad it’s going to be over.”
“What now?” Derek asked.
“Now we disguise Joey because Americas looking for his ass.” Cole said.
Joey smiled and nodded, “How you suppose we do that?”
Cole looked at him, “I have some ideas.”

“You look like Shady.” I told Joey.
“I know.” He said rubbing his hair.
When we got back to the safe house the building was empty and he shaved his soul patch and bleached his hair to hide from the police. He looked like the rapper. 
“Now all you have to do is lay low. Stay away from the police.” Cole said.
“Okay boss.” Joey looked in the mirror, “I cannot get used to this.”
“You will in time.” Alan assured him.
Joey sighed, “It’s over.”
“We still have to pay a visit to Ryan.” Cole informed.
“Nah fuck him.” Joey spit.
“Look what he did to you!” he raised his voice.
“I don’t care; the fucker will get what’s coming to him eventually.” Joey told him.
“I guess if you think about it that way then it’s the right thing to do.” Cole said.
“Yeah plus we’re not even hit men anymore.” I informed.
“Yeah…” Alan sighed.
“So, what now?” I asked.
Cole shrugged, “For the first time in almost fifteen years, I don’t know.”
Ken stood up, “Well I better start looking for a job.”
“Same goes for me.” Derek said.
It was silent as we looked at each other. One by one we each stood up and formed a circle. When we were all together Cole held out his fist.
“Here’s to The Crew,” He smiled.
Ken placed his fist in front of Coles, Joey then placed his next to Ken’s, Derek followed with his next to Joey’s, Alan put his next to Derek’s, and I copied and put my fist next to Alan’s for the biggest Brofist the world has ever seen.
We smiled and took our hands away.
Ken started towards the door, “I guess I’ll see you faggots in the mid-future?”
“Yeah see you gay boy.” Joey joked.
Ken gave him the finger and shut the door behind him.
“I better head out too.” Derek started to the door.
“Yeah same here,” Joey followed him out the door, “See ya guys.”
Cole, Alan, and I looked at each other.
“You leaving too?” Alan asked me.
I shrugged, “I guess.”
I looked at Cole who was off in a daze at the front door.
“Boss?” I studied him.
He looked at me, “Yeah?”
I sighed, “Just because it’s over doesn’t mean we’re through being friends.”
He smiled, “I know.”
“We’ll still hang out.” I told him walking towards the front door.
“I know.” He said watching me.
“And don’t hesitate to call us if you ever need backup at some bar off the freeway.” I opened the door and looked at him.
He nodded, “Goodbye Sean Williams.”
I laughed, “It ain’t goodbye, Cole Fred Phillips.”
He smiled, “See you later.”
I smiled, “See ya, boss.”
###


