

The Warrior & 
The Halfenwraith
by 
W.Wm.Mee



Copyright 2020 W.Wm.Mee
Smashwords Edition
Chapter 1: The Northmen



‘From the fury of the Northmen, 
Dear Lord, Deliver us!’
(A 10th century Christian prayer)
ACT ONE: ‘The Warrior & The Halfenwraith’



“Come closer, friends, and list to my tale, of a man that followed his heart! Come lift up your cup and drink a deep toast, to a man that drank deep of his dreams! 
You and I rise up with the sun, toil through its shining, and sleep with its fiery setting. 
Our lives, like the seasons, follow a noble pattern; one that provides for our families and grants us peace at day’s end.

But not all men are made thus. No, nor all women.

Some have the wander lust in their blood! The burning desire to do more than turn the earth, plant the seed and harvest the crop. At day’s end they need more than the knowledge of a job well done. Compelled by either the hand of the gods or their own restless nature, they must see what lies over the next hill or beyond the next headland. They need to discover from where the wide rivers flow and to where the wild wind will blow! 

They, like a goodly number of you, long to follow the Whale’s Road to distant lands; to test their strength, wits and courage against warriors who plant nothing and harvest only other men’s souls. They, like some of you in this very hall, hunger for the fame that comes from doing great deeds, besting great foes and dying bravely in battle --- so that their fame --- and yours ---will live forever!!

If such things do indeed stir your blood, then come my people! Gather round and list to my tale of a man such as I just described!”

As the people shuffled closer, a beautiful, raven haired Shield Maiden called out boldly: “Wise Thorgi! What is the name of this brave hero? And more importantly, good ‘scald’, has he need of a wife?! For I would marry a man that follows the Whale’s Road and fears not to ride the Wild Wind!”
Many in the hall smiled at the Shield Maiden’s bold words and some few laughed outright --- but I, Scald Thorgi Odinson, neither smiled nor laughed, but fixed the young woman with my most baleful stare. When at last I spoke, my words were heavy with both concern and prophecy.
“Your first question, shield maiden, is easily answered, for it is a name you and all here have doubtlessly heard many times before. I speak of the eldest son of Eric the Red, --- Leif Ericson, called by many Leif the Lucky.”
The gathered Norse all grunted and nodded their approval, for the tales of the hero Leif Ericson were many and always welcome round any fire. “The answer to your second question however, is not as easily come by --- for Leif the Lucky is not only a brave and fierce man, but a handsome one, and many a fine woman and comely young maid have tried to claim him for their own. When last I saw him he had not yet wed --- but that was some time ago and winters are long and cold in the New World.”
This brought a different kind of grunting and laughter from the gathering, especially from the men --- but the shield maiden, fierce and brave herself, was undaunted. She proudly raised her uncovered head and spoke clearly for all to hear. “Fine women and comely young maidens he may have had aplenty, good Thorgi, but I seek no such short, casual dalliance --- but  something much deeper and long lasting.”


Her piercing gaze swept round the hall and everyone there seemed to hold their breath. “I speak of something Fated from birth; older than Time and woven by the Three Weird Sisters at the base of the Allfather Tree. I speak of a great, burning love that has always been and will always be!”
Silence followed the woman’s heavy words, and only the crackling of the fire and the westerly wind could be heard. Then I looked around the high ceilinged hall I saw that everyone but the raven haired shield maiden and myself seemed to be frozen in time --- as though all but us two were under the spell of a mighty god or a powerful wicca woman.
Then I saw the strange glint in the shield maiden’s eye and knew that I also had been bewitched --- and that somehow I had fallen headfirst into one of my own tales! Instantly delighted with the novelty of the situation, I gladly accepted my fate and bowed my aged head to the beautiful maiden --- for I now saw her for what she truly was --- an Halfenwraith, a child born of a union between a mortal and a god.
“Greetings, Lady Halfenwraith,” I said, doing my best to bow gracefully. “I fear my old eyes were slow in recognizing your true nature.”
“You were far quicker than most, Scald Thorgi, for few indeed are the ones who can see through my ‘glamours’ --- unless I want them to. My name is Swanhild, given to me by my father, the Warrior-Prince Finn McDuff of the wave-tossed Isle of Skye, and by my mother, the Valkyrie, Brunhild Fairhair, daughter of the wicca woman, Skaig Coldheart.”
“A noble lineage indeed,” I said. “I am deeply honoured by your presence, lady --- but unsure as to why I am so graced? If it is warriors you seek, there are many in this hall more suited than a stiff limbed old man like me.”
Swanhild laughed at that and casually waved her hand over the dying fire. The flames instantly danced anew, reflecting back in her coal black eyes.
“It is my mother Brunhild that collects brave warriors, Thorgi. I have need of brains, not brawn.”



“Again lady, you honour me --- but I am still at a loss as to how I may help you?”
“I have decided that the time has come for me to wed, and you, Scald Thorgi Odinson, will help me win a husband.”
Taken by surprise, I reacted rather harshly.“I am no matchmaker, lady! If it’s a ‘shawkalain’ you have need of, perhaps one of the toothless old hags of the village would do better than I!”
Her smile at my ire was both radiant and forgiving --- and her words made me ashamed of my anger. “For years now, Thorgi Odinson, I have heard your wonderful tales of bravery, honour and love. They are sung in rich men’s halls, poor men’s hovels and everywhere else in between. Your stories of honest folk striving against cruel, greedy lords, grasping women and a world that seems not to care have touched the hearts of thousands --- mine included. Your tales of lasting love, truthfulness, loyalty, the joy of children and the ache of loss have made me long to experience such a life for myself!” 
In her intensity she took a step closer to me, allowing me to feel the heat she radiated. “I want what your stories offer, Thorgi! Not just to hear then, but to live them! I want a partner that I can truly share my life with, through all the good and the bad that the fates hurl in our path! I want to trust that his kisses are only for me and in turn to be faithful to him alone!” 
There came another pause and her voice lowered to a whisper. “And even if, as in your great tragedy, ‘Deirdra & Desonder’, an early grave awaits both my mate and myself, I would still know such a love before I die!”
Then her strong right hand reached out and took my aged and wrinkled one. “I have travelled far to find you, master scald. Not just in distance, but in Time itself. Please, help me in my quest.”
And like many an old fool that stood before a beautiful young woman, I could not refuse her. “Have you a special type of man in mind, lady? A handsome prince? A great warrior? A wise king perhaps?”
Swanhild stood up then, her raven feathered cloak seemed to wrap itself around her like shadows at midnight, and she was once again the fierce shield maiden, daughter of Brunhild Fairhair and granddaughter of Skaig Coldheart.
“Over the long years I have known many men, Thorgi, and I now find that I have had my fill of handsome princes and brave warriors, for both types proved to be more in love with themselves than with me. As for marrying a wise king, they seem to be harder to come by than dragon’s teeth!”
Smiling, I bowed to her wry wit. “You already have someone in mind then, my lady?”
She turned and fixed me with those mysterious eyes of hers --- eyes that even a dried up old stick like me could be moved by. “Of course I do, Thorgi. I know exactly who I want marry --- Eric the Red’s eldest son, the hero Leif Ericson! I just need your help in getting him to want to marry me.”
I snorted out a laugh. “You have little to fear there, my lady, for no man could resist your beauty. And even if he could, your glamours could easily ensnare him.”



Anger suddenly flared in her dark eyes. “I have no desire to ‘ensnare’ a man to me with either my shapely shell or my spells and glamours! I want him to love me of his own free will! For what I am inside, not what he sees without!” 
She paused and dropped both her voice and her gaze. “I want him to love me when I grow old and fat and toothless, just like in your tale of ‘King Alefirth and the Goose Girl’. All the terrible things that they both went through only deepened their love! Even after he lost his kingdom and his right arm and she was terribly disfigured from the fire! Even after the death of their child they still clung to each other! That is the kind of love I want, Thorgi --- the kind you conjured up with your mind and your words! And I will settle for nothing less!”
I drew a deep breath before replying. “It was but a ‘tale’, my lady. A fiction, a wish, a hope --- perhaps even a prayer --- but all fabricated from imagination; as hard to grasp as smoke on the wind! We scalds, poets, and artists of all kinds spend our lives attempting to capture these brief, bitter-sweet glances into something larger than ourselves! To trap in a word, a well turned phrase or a haunting melody, something so full of bitter sweet beauty that I fear it’s true home is somewhere beyond this world. All we mere mortals can go is enjoy these few, all too brief glimpses of what should be but seldom, if ever, truly is.”
Swanhild was silent for several moments as she considered my words, but when she did speak she was clearly disappointed and none too happy. “Then you’re saying that it is all just ‘illusion’?! Pretty lies made up to sooth witless fools and foolish believers?!That love never lasts; that honour, self-sacrifice and goodness are not real?! That it’s all just half truths and cheap conjuring tricks like the wandering magicians perform for pennies at inns, taverns and country fairs?!” 
Another deep breath before I replied; a longer one this time --- for it is no small thing to anger a god --- or the child of one. “What I am saying, lady, is that all these things you hunger for--- lasting love, truth, justice, honesty, loyalty, are all concepts that we mortals should strive towards as much as possible. For in that striving, that struggle, that heartache, we slowly become better people. Not perfect, but better than we were. Unfortunately, my lady, I am also saying that for a multitude of both good and bad reasons, very few of us have the fortitude, the determination and the inner strength needed to achieve these lofty ideals.”
More silence at that. I glanced around the hall, half expecting the nobles, commoners and servants alike, to be up and bustling about --- yet all remained as still as multiple hummingbirds hovering in mid-flight. They and the hall itself seemed to be vibrating with the force of the beautiful Halfenwraith’s powerful spell.
“But I am only half mortal, Thorgi,” Swanhild finally said, her words barely above a whisper. “My father, though a powerful prince, was still just a man. But my mother Brunhild was something else altogether --- as was my grandmother, the sorceress Skaig Coldheart! As such, my immortal half cries out for the kind of everlasting love that your tales speak of!”
“And you hope to find this ‘lasting love’ in the arms of the hero Leif the Lucky?” I asked pointedly, the skepticism clear in my voice.
Her answer was just a curt. “I do.”
“Then I wish you luck and good fortune, lady --- though I still am at a loss as to why you need me.”
Her dark eyes flashed. “You know Leif Erickson. You have spoken with him many times; feasted with him in his hall in Vineland, gotten drunk with him! You know what kind of a man he is.” She paused and leaned closer. “I would hear from your own lips if he truly is the hero your tale describes him --- or is that all smoke on the wind as well?!”
“I have met with him as you say, lady, but that was years ago when I wore a younger man’s clothes. And he was a great hero then, just as my tale describes him. Yet, for all his bravery, like your own father, he was still just a man, with all the faults and weaknesses that we all carry.”
“Your tale mentions no weaknesses,” she countered. “A quick temper, yes. He is ambitious and a risk-taker, proud of his reputation, but what great warrior is not?!”
Seeing that her course was set, I tried one last time to change her mind. “For all we know, my lady, he may be dead by now, for life is very dangerous in the New World --- and sadly, heroes do tend to die young.” 
The thought also struck me that Leif may be already married, for it had indeed been a long time since I last saw him and by now he could easily be the father of a half dozen children with twins on the way! But I wisely decided not mention that possibility to the beautiful ‘Halfenwraith’ standing before me.
Yet as though reading my mind, her next question came close to that very mark! “How long has it been, Thorgi, since you last saw him?”
I cast my mind back over the gulf of Time. “Seven or eight years. Perhaps nine. Sadly they all swirl together for the old.”
She barked out a laugh at that. “Compared to my age, Thorgi, you are but a beardless boy, untested by either warm women, hard men or the cold world! But know this, master scald --- I would gladly give up all my powers and longevity to live a life such as a seek!”
She then turned and headed for the door, her raven feathered cape swirling about her. “Come along then, Thorgi,” she said, moving her fingers in a ‘break-spell’ motion that set the rest of the people in the hall moving again. They all went about their business as though nothing strange had happened at all.
“You mean, right now, my lady? We are leaving for Vinland right now?!”
“Of course, Thorgi. And do hurry, for, as you, Time is passing --- even for someone like me.”
I grabbed my cloak, hat and staff and hobbled after the rapidly departing woman that was so much more than a simple shield maiden. The people in the crowded hall automatically stepped aside as she walked by them. 
They saw her not, but still felt all the better for her passing.
***
ACT TWO:‘The Warrior’



Two months later a small ship grounded its oaken hull on a beach of fine, black sand.  The vessel had landed on a large rocky isle that a local fisherman swore was the fabled ‘Vineland’. Icebergs the size of castles had floated by us, and whales of all kinds and sizes had done their age-old dance amid the tumbling waves. Most of us had watched them with a smile tinged with terror as they gently brushed against our tiny vessel. 
Swanhild however had her dark eyes fixed on the fortress at the top of the overlooking bluff --- and the armed warriors that raced their horses across the beach towards us!
When Dalguard, the captain of the small band of mercenaries we had brought with us, nervously pointed them out, Swanhild just smiled and told him not to worry and that all was going according to her plan.
Dalguard, a fighter, not a thinker, grunted and accepted his orders. Myself , neither a fighter nor an idiot, did not. “Plan, my lady?” I asked her as she nimbly stepped down to the beach. “I wasn’t aware that you actually had a ‘plan’ --- other than to let Fate take its allotted course.”
She turned and smiled sweetly, offering me a hand to assist my old bones from the boat. Foolishly I ignored it and attempted to disembark on my own. Slipping on a smooth stone, I would have tumbled into the surf if she hadn’t caught my arm. As it was I stood beside her dripping seawater on the sand as the mail clad horsemen approached at a gallop. Before they arrived however she had time to quickly whisper into my ear: “Now and then we all need a helping hand, Thorgi. You, me --- even the Three Sisters that weave all our fates.”


“But I thought you believed that we make our own ‘fate’, lady?”
Again she fixed me with her knowing smile. “That is what you believe, Thorgi Odinson, though you wisely pretend otherwise. What I believe however is my own affair, and none of yours! But come, it’s time to meet our would-be killers. Halfdain I think you’ll find their leader’s name is. A loyal man, if not an overly bright one.”
The riders pulled up just before ramming into us and their leader pointed at Dalguard and demanded roughly: “Who’s in charge here?! And what brings you to Lord Erlot One-Eye’s fortress?!”
As usual, Swanhild was right about Halfdain and his men; they had come to kill us, or at least take us to their one-eyed lord for questioning first and then kill us --- and Halfdain was the man’s name. And he was loyal, but mainly to his own idea of right and wrong. As for his intelligence, only time would tell; but a good man in the end --- as he eventually saved our lives instead of ending them --- but more of that later.
Dalguard, the captain of the mercenaries we’d hired, nodded his shaggy head at Swanhild. “The lady pays the bills, so she’s in charge.”
Halfdain’s head swivelled towards Swanhild and he was immediately struck by her beauty and grace; so much so that he swayed slightly in his saddle! His elaborate helmet and even more elaborate beard masked his face, and his eyes were black pits of midnight, but his voice was surprisingly soft and respectful. It was clear from the start that no ‘spell’ or ‘glamour’ was needed to bewitch this warrior --- other than Swanhild’s natural beauty.
“Your pardon, lady, for my poor manners. I did not see you there amidst all these armed strangers. I will gladly escort you to Lord Erlot’s hall. I’m sure he will be pleased that you have graced us with your visit to our wave-tossed shores.”



Swanhild smiled sweetly.“You are very kind, Halfdain --- son of Halden the Strong, grandson of Hailgar the Just.”
Halfdain quickly dismounted and, removing his helmet, surprised us all by going down on one knee. “You’ve heard of my father and grandfather, lady?!”
Swanhild’s smile was like water to a man wandering a burning desert. “Not only heard of them, good Halfdain, but met and feasted with them as well.”
Halfdain’s beaming face clouded. “But --- they have both been dead now for many a year, lady?! My grandfather over a score or more!”
“Indeed,” she smiled. “And they were both very honourable men. You have your father’s eyes and your grandsire’s hair. Gone now, as you say --- gone but not forgotten.”
“No, my lady, never forgotten!” he said, rising quickly to his feet. “But come, please, ride my horse. I’ll send word on ahead to Lord Erlot that you are coming.” Then the clouds once again seemed to move across his handsome face. “Ahhh, and just who shall I tell him to expect?”
Swanhild took the horse’s reins and accepted the offer of his cupped hands to help her mount. “Shield Maiden Swanhild Ravenhair of Cymru, daughter of Brunhild Fairhair and granddaughter of Skaig Coldheart.”
“Strange names, lady,” Halfdain said, the awe clear in his voice. “Names out of legend!”
“Speaking of which, here are two more names you will undoubtedly know.” She then turned to me and nodded her head. “This aged greybeard is Master Scald Thorgi Odenson, my good friend and travelling companion. He also will require the use of a horse, for though his brain and tongue are still sharp and nimble, his old bones are not, and your master’s hall is a goodly distance away.” 



“Of course, lady,” Halfdain beamed. “Horses will be provided for all your party. As for the famous scald Thorgi Odinson, I had the pleasure of hearing him perform the last time he was here.” Reluctantly he tore his eyes off Swanhild and faced me. “You recited your latest saga, ‘Leif the Lucky and the Scraylings’. It is still one of my favorites!” 
“Then perhaps, Captain,” Swanhild put in sweetly, “the gods have fated us to meet?”
“How so, fair lady?!” Halfdain asked, her last words making his heart pound.


“For it is Leif Ericson that I have come all this way to see,” she continued. “Can you please tell me where I might find him? I have waited overlong to meet him.”
Halfdain’s handsome features darkened. “I’m sorry, my lady --- I have no idea where Leif Ericson may be.”



“Then perhaps your Lord Erlot can help?” Swanhild asked, seemingly unaware that her words had broken his heart.
Halfdain frowned. “I --- do not think --- my lady ---that Lord Erlot will be --- ah, willing to help you find Ericson.”
“Oh? And why is that?” Swanhild asked, a frown of her own darkening her perfect features. “Is not Leif Ericson the original founder of this Norse colony? Your chosen leader? Are not all lords, including your own, honour bound to him?”
Halfdain shrugged. “Such things, lady, are beyond a simple soldier like myself.”
Swanhild’s dark eyes flashed and her voice took on a sharper edge. “But surely you can tell us something about Eric. Where he lives? If he lives? Something!”
Halfdain was clearly in distress; his loyalty to Erlot pulling him one way and Swanhild’s beauty pulling him another. “Halfdain,” I asked; “how long have you commanded Lord Erlot’s personal guard?”
“For nearly four years now, lord.”
“And is there some sort of bad blood between your lord and Leif Erickson?”
The bearded warrior nervously chewed his bottom lip. “Even if there is, I gave my oath to Lord Erlot, not to Leif the Lucky!”
I decided to press the young man further. “Would it be breaking your oath to Lord Erlot to tell us what happened between the two of them?”
He glanced quickly at Swanhild, then back to me. “No, Lord Odinson, it would not. And the answer is yes, there is bad blood between them. Very bad. There has been several skirmishes, men were slain and there is now open warfare between them.”
“Could you tell us how it came about?” I asked.
With another glance at Swanhild, he nodded. “Four years ago they had a terrible argument. Things were said, insults were hurled and eventually they fought a duel. It was a bloody affair, lord, with both men taking grievous wounds, though Lord Ericson won in the end.”
“What wounds did Leif take?” Swanhild demanded, the concern clear in her voice.
“His right thigh was cut to the bone and it’s said that he still limps to this day.”
“And you master?” I asked, already guessing the answer. 
Halfdain tore his gaze away from Swanhild long enough to answer. “Lord Erlot had several deep cuts to his body --- and his right eye gouged out with a seax dagger.”



“And what was the reason for the fight?” Swanhild asked.
“It was dispute of sorts, my lady.” Halfdain said reluctantly.
“Over land or honour?” she pressed.
“Over a woman, my lady,” Halfdain answered. “Iseult the Fair, said to be the most beautiful woman in all Vineland.”
Swanhild’s dark eyes flashed and her voice hardened. “And as Lord Ericson won the match, he no doubt won the girl as well?”
Halfdain nodded agreement. “They were wedded as soon as Lord Ericson could stand on his leg. Two fine children they have now, with another on the way.”
“And your Lord Erlot holds a grudge against Leif for the loss of his eye?” I asked, again already guessing the answer but I was eager to change the subject.
Halfdain barked out a laugh. “Oh, it’s far more than just a ‘grudge’. Lord Erlot has sworn bloody revenge on Erickson for taking both his eye and the woman he wanted for his own.” 
Halfdain then turned to a frowning Swanhild. “It might be best, lady, if you do not mention Leif Ericson to Lord Erlot---for just the man’s name sends him into a rage.”
“Never fear, good Halfdain’ I assured him. “On that count we shall be as silent as the grave.”
“Yet I would know more of this ‘woman’ that Leif and your lord fought over,” Swanhild said, the coldness of her words as crisp as newly formed ice.
“Deirdre the Fair people called her,” Halfdain said; “for to look upon her was to see a golden sun-kissed field of wheat on a summer morn. Kings, princes and warriors of renown,” Halfdain continued: “all clamored for her hand --- but it was the famed hero Leif the Lucky that she loved, and she openly spurned all the rest.” 
He paused then, clearly uncomfortable with what came next. “My Lord Erlot is a very powerful and wealthy man. Over a hundred spearmen and fifty swordsmen eat freely at his table each night --- and that doesn’t count myself and the other twenty hand-picked warriors that are his personal guards!”
“No-one is disputing the fact that your one-eyed lord is a rich and powerful man,” Swanhild said impatiently. “But it’s this ‘golden haired beauty’ that I’d here more of! How came she to be the prize that both Leif Ericson and your Lord Erlot came to blows over?!”
Here Halfdain showed himself to be more than just the handsome, well trained killing machine that I had first thought him to be --- for despite him being hopelessly bewitched by Swanhild’s beauty, he none-the-less found her obvious jealousy of Deidra to be amusing! His next words proved me right, and brought a smile to my own lined face.
“With beauty such as hers, my lady, how could she not?!” Halfdain said with all the innocence of an unmarried man. “To look upon Deirdre is to look upon the rising sun! Few are the men that can see her radiance and not be moved by it. Some fall instantly in love; some are overcome by lust and some, like my Lord Erlot, are consumed with a burning desire to possess the maid and jealously keep her all for themselves.”



“Was that why they fought?” Swanhild asked. “For possession of this ravishing ‘sunrise maid’?!”
“It was indeed, my lady,” Halfdain said with a knowing smile. “And what a fight it was! Long into the night it lasted, with both combatants becoming battered and bloody! But it was Leif Ericson that won in the end --- both the woman and the match, leaving my master one eyed and swearing to the gods that some day he would have his revenge!” 
Halfdain took a moment to collect himself, them did his best to smile. “So please lady, for your own good, when you meet Lord Erlot, do not mention the name of Leif the Lucky, for my lord can be rather ‘extreme’ when angered.”
I saw Swanhild stiffen, her dark eyes flashing defiance, but she wisely held her tongue --- at least for a while.
***
ACT THREE: ‘In the Hall of the One-Eyed King’



Lord Erlot One-Eye wasn’t really a ‘king’, though he called himself one. In truth he was just another brutish warlord who, using fear, treachery, cunning and cruelty, had outlived others of his ilk. He also new the secret of keeping his warriors loyal ---give them plenty of free food, drink and women and pay them in silver every full moon.
In his younger days he was known as Erlot Broadaxe and had followed the Whales Road westward with Eric the Red when Greenland was first settled. Always a quarrelsome man, Erlot had eventually fallen out with Eric and been one of several ‘lords’ to join Leif’s group who continued on westward. New, fertile land was eventually found, and named ‘Vineland’ for the wild grapes that grew there in abundance. After a number of bloody battles with the ‘Skraelings’, Vinland’s native inhabitants, an uneasy truce of sorts was worked out and Norse settlements were founded in a number of places along the rocky coast. Apparently Leif had left his ‘trusted lieutenants’ to govern these settlements while he pushed ever westward.
Over the years Lord Erlot grew rich and powerful by collecting rents, raiding and trading. Living more like a king than a ‘governor’, Erlot gathered more and more warriors to him. When Leif returned and asked him why he needed his own personal army, Erlot had said it was to ‘hold back the wild and savage ‘Skraelings’ and for ‘protection against his enemies.’
As a ‘scald’ I had spent a good deal of my life entertaining wealthy and powerful men and the majority of them were mostly good men. Hard perhaps, stern and often quick to anger, but basically men that knew right from wrong and tried their best to do the former.
Erlot Broadaxe was not one of those. He was not a ‘good man’, nor did he even try to be --- something that was painfully evident to me when I first heard him open his mouth.
Halfdain and his men had escorted us to Erlot’s fortress; a large, rambling structure of wood, stone , steep paths, rocky outcrops, log walls, thatched hovels and a two storied wooden ‘great hall’ on the crown of a hill. 



It was to this wooden hall that we were taken. Halfdain treated us with courtesy, though our weapons were confiscated and only myself, Swanhild and the mercenary captain Dalguard were allowed inside the great hall. Dalguard’s men were given two wineskins to pass around and told to wait outside in the sun.
As I marched up those steep wooden steps I suddenly felt the ‘wrongness’ of the place --- for the signs were clearly there for those that knew what to look for. The joyless faces of the servants, pinched with hunger and worry. The loud, boisterous laughter from the rough, heavily armed warriors that seemed to be everywhere; and a general, overall feeling of tension and fear that rose from the place like a palatable stink--- though the three sun-dried bodies dangling in the wind over the main gate might also have had something to do with it! 
Halfdain had seemed both worried and embarrassed as we rode under the swaying corpses and Dalguard looked as though he wished he had stayed safely back in Greenland. Swanhild however looked relaxed and at ease, though her sensuous full lips seemed thinner and smileless. Things however soon went from bad to worse once we passed that gruesomely decorated front gate.
We were quickly dismounted, searched again for weapons, then marched at a near trot into the so called ‘great hall’ --- though great barn might better describe it! What little light there was came from smoky pine knots burning in braziers and a long, central firepit of coals that hissed and flared as the fat from several roasting boars dripped into it. Smoke and the smell of unwashed bodies hung in the air just above our heads like a dirty grey cloud, though which the blackened beams high overhead could just be glimpsed --- making me think of the insides of a great whale or the ribs of a fire breathing dragon.
But more than the smoke and the stench, it was the noise that assaulted not only the ears, but the mind as well! Men, women and dogs were all raising their voices in an attempt to be heard over those shouting around them. Several fights were going on, as was singing, drinking and pounding both empty and full ale horns on the battered wooden tables.
And on a raised platform at the back of the hall a large, thickset man sat on a rough wooden throne that had been draped with several wolfskins. Even over the length of the hall I could see by the man’s posture that no good would come of this meeting, and I felt the burning intensity of his one good eye taking us all in --- especially Swanhild.
“This way, if you please,” Halfdain said, his voice clipped and strained. His blue eyes moved quickly about the noisy, crowded hall as he forced his way forward, shoving a few slow moving drinkers out of the way. “And remember what I said about not mentioning anything about Leif Ericson,” he half shouted in order to be heard. “Lord Erlot’s temper is bad at best --- and worse when he’s been drinking!”
I looked at the large, rough man we were fast approaching and saw him drain his horn and loudly call for another --- and then he fixed me with his one good eye.



We were marched up to the raised platform and stood before Lord Erlot’s baleful stare. When he finally spoke his voice was deep and gravelly, like a number of riverstones rolling around in an iron cauldron. The din around the cluttered dais fell silent as its one occupant’s voice boomed out. The silence soon spread to the rest of the hall.
“What manner of beggars have you dragged into my hall this time, Halfdain!?”
“The best kind, my lord! A famous ‘scald’ of great skill and a high born lady of great beauty!” Halfdain said with much feeling. “Both well deserving of your generous hospitality!”
The one-eyed man on the wolfskin throne leaned forward and bared his yellow teeth. “I will be the judge of that, boy --- not you! All I see is a grey bearded old man and a dark and foreign looking shield maiden!” 
Halfdain then surprised me by sucking in a lungful of air and stepping boldly forward. “Perhaps lord, the smoke from the fire has obscured your vision? Perhaps you did not recognise the ‘scald’ as the famous Thorgi Odinson ---or the heart-wrenching beauty of the Lady Swanhild from far off Cymru?”
Erlot’s one eyed seemed to bore into the younger warrior, yet Halfdain only stood the taller for it! After a long, drawn out moment the shaggy old wolf growled out something akin to a laugh. “Perhaps Halfdain, son of Halden, you are right. The smoke from the fire might have clouded my one good eye --- for I now see the wench more clearly! And a fine looking dark haired mare she is indeed!”
He then turned to the lady herself. “You have titles to go with your name, woman? Though in truth I’m more interested in your body than your lineage!”
Swanhild smiled back, yet there was no laughter in her dark eyes. “Captain Halfdain warned me that you were a bold and direct man. A ‘man of great passions’, he said. I see now that he spoke the truth.”
That one eye swept from her over to the young warrior. Both Dalguard and I were utterly ignored. “Did he now? Well, ‘captain’ Halfdain should mind his bloody tongue --- if he wants to bloody well keep it!”
“He also told me,” Swanhild went on, overlooking Erlot’s threat; “that I should mind my tongue when talking with you.” She smiled at that, then glanced quickly to the worried looking Halfdain. “But that is a skill that I have never mastered, lord. It appears I take after my grandmother in that --- the wicca woman, Skaig Coldheart.”
At the mention of the famous sorceress, a high pitched cry was heard from the shadows behind the wolf throne. A moment later a black clad old hag came forward, her claw-like hand pointing twisted fingers at Swanhild. “Heed not the honeyed words of this one, Lord Erlot, for she is both more and less than she seems!”
The old woman’s voice was like nails scratched over a slate, striking the ears and sending sharp pain through my head! “I smell an ‘otherness’ about her, lord, for she seems both in and out of this world!” The old crone stepped into the flickering light and grinned evilly. 



She then made a sudden hand gesture in the air and I felt my stomach churn and my bullocks shrink! ‘
‘Here is a foul witch indeed!’ I thought, and my hand went to Thor’s hammer hung round my neck!

 “Beware, mighty lord!” the old woman warned, “For I sense that she is indeed an offshoot of the sorceress, Skaig Coldheart! If so, her powers could well be potent --- if not fatal!”
Erlot, his mind clearly befuddled with drink, frowned at the black robed crone. “Speak plainly, Hagatha! None of your foolish riddles! You say this pretty bitch means me harm?!”
Hagatha’s arthritic hands moved again and my stomach lurched a second time. She peered at Swanhild, who returned the old witch’s stare with complete indifference.
“No harm directly, lord,” Hagatha said as she continued her inspection. “Though harm she will most certainly do if pressed!” 
The old woman moved closer and sniffed like a hound --- and her smile showed more missing teeth. “Ahhhh! She has ‘love’ on her mind, not hate --- but not for you, Lord Erlot. Her thoughts are all of a small cottage with a big bed, a handsome, virile warrior and a litter of squalling brats!!”
“Oh?” the large man grunted while motioning for a servant to refill his horn. “Love is it? But if not with me, then with who?!?”
Hagatha took a sudden step back and frowned. “I see two men in her future, lord. One is clearly your foe, but the other claims to be your friend --- yet isn’t. She seems to care for them both --- though she doesn’t know that yet.”
Erlot banged down his horn, spilling ale over the old woman’s raggedy cloak. “I told you to speak plainly, woman! No more of you damnable riddles! The comely bitch loves two men --- and knows it not?!”
“I can only tell you what my third eye sees, lord!” Hagatha hissed back. “Blame the gods, not me, if your one eye sees not the meaning of my words!”
Erlot ignored the old woman and looked to the younger one. “You claim to be the granddaughter of Skaig Coldheart?! Even an old, battle-scarred warrior such as I know the name of that foreign sorceress --- though as you just heard, I am not over fond of riddles! I’m a plain man who likes plain things! A good dog, a good fight and a good hump! Ans as I have plenty of the first two ---- you shall supply the third!”
“I think not --- my lord,” a voice said quietly but firmly.
All there turned towards the man who had spoke, including the one-eyed tyrant. “Halfdain?!” Erlot grunted, surprised that the captain of his own personal guards would contradict him. “What is it that you say, lad? That you think that I should not hump this haughty, foreign witch?!” Erlot leaned forward in his wolf throne and bared his yellow teeth. “Why?!”
All there in the hall, including myself, seemed to hold our collective breath, waiting for the handsome young captain’s answer. After several drawn out heartbeats he did. “There are several reasons, Lord Erlot,” Halfdain said calmly. “Shall I list them for you?”
Taken back by his usually quiet captain. Erlot nodded agreement. “By all means, captain. List away!”
Halfdain drew a deep breath and began. “Firstly, lord, the Lady Swanhild of Cymru is a lady, and not one of you house-slaves or tavern doxies that you can mount whenever the urge strikes. Secondly, to my own great surprise, I find that I myself am strangely drawn to the lady, and that I would gladly make her my wife --- if she was so gracious as to accept my humble offer.”



Erlot barked out a course laugh as he washed his eyes hungrily over Swanhild. “You want to marry her?! I always thought you somewhat less of a fool than your father was --- but I can see now that I was wrong! Why buy the cow when you can simply take the milk for free?!”
Halfdain replied with a cold smile of his own and a voice filled with disgust. “You yourself have just proven my third reason, ‘Lord’ Erlot ---for only a brutish pig like you would think he has the right to force any woman against her will! As for my father being a ‘fool’, you mistake ‘duty and honour’ for ‘foolishness’ --- two things a rutting pig like you would know little about!”
The hall, having already gone quiet, now was as silent as a grave! Erlot blinked several times, then flew into a sudden rage. Rising up quickly he knocked over the wolf throne, sending it and his long axe to the floor. Grabbing his belt knife, he pointed the blade directly at Halfdain. “Go and arm yourself, pup, and meet me outside --- if you have the balls! I’ll soon show you ‘honour’! I’ll carve you up like a Yuletide goose!” His massive arm moved and the knife now pointed at Swanhild. “Then I’ll hump this dark haired bitch using your blood soaked body as a bed!”
Halfdain held the larger man’s fierce gaze. “Your days of raping women and terrorizing unarmed peasants are over, Lord Pig! I’ll wait for you to drink another cup of courage and stagger outside.” He then turned and strode towards the door, planning to retrieve his sword and wait for Erlot to come out. Half way there Swanhild stepped in front of him. I, like a hound on the scent of a good story, followed in her wake. 
“You don’t have to do this!” she said firmly, a touch of desperation in her voice. “We can both leave right now. I can make a glamour to hide us. We can escape --- together!”
“I’ll not run from that pig!” Halfdain growled. “Because of my father I was honour bound to serve him, and I have, faithfully. But this is too much! He’ll not lay his filthy hands on you!” 
“But I can cast a spell over him! Make him forget what you told him!” She was pleading now but Halfdain held firm. He reached out and gripped Swanhild’s arm and pulled her close. 
“Maybe you can, lass, and maybe he would forget --- but I never will! There’s only one way we live through this. Only one way we can be together--- I have to kill him!”
“Then I’ll do something to make him slow and confused!” she said, her words now coming like chipped ice.”You can kill him easily and we’ll both be safe!”
His hand on her arm tightened. “That you will not do! I may be an oathbreaker, but I’m not a murderer --- and neither are you! I’ll fight him face to face, kill him cleanly and then we’ll leave!”
He meant to walk past her, but now it was she that held him back; her words whispered and shy. “Halfdain, did you mean what you said --- about wanting to marry me?”
He frowned down at her, impatient to get on with the killing. “Of course I did! Why would you think otherwise? Can you not see that I love you?”


She shrugged, her self-assuredness and worldly sophistication suddenly replaced by a maiden’s shyness. “I have noticed that men often say one thing and mean another --- or they say something in the heat of the moment and take it back when their blood is cooled.”
“That may be the way with some men, but not me,” Halfdain said quietly. “I was drawn to you from the first: I’ve found you to be honest and brave --- and I want you for my wife. Not my property, but as my partner. I’ll not press you for an answer now, but we will speak of it after we are away from here.”
“There is no need for more words between, Halfdain, son of Halden,” she said formally, though her dark eyes were all aglow. “Nor any more waiting. My answer is yes, I will be your wife and partner! I came here to find a hero to wed. At first I believed that hero was Leif the Lucky --- but I see now that I was wrong. It was you all along that I was destined to meet.” She half smiled at that. “It appears that the Three Weird Sisters do indeed weave an intricate pattern!”
“Well,” Halfdain said, slipping his arm around her waist and walking her towards the door. “Let’s hope that the ending of the weave shows us bound together as man and wife.”
“One way or another it will --- husband. Either in this life, or the next!”
***
ACT FOUR: ‘Till Death Do Us Part’


Lord Erlot Broadaxe, known also as Erlot the Cruel and Erlot One-Eye, took the time while his armor was being buckled on to drink not one more ‘cup of courage’, but three. Perhaps not the wisest course of action for a man in his situation --- but then the one eyed killer had never been accused of being a man of wisdom. ‘Brawn over brains’ had always worked for him in the past, and he saw no reason at all to change things now.
‘I’ll chop the insolent puppy into pieces,’ his befuddle mind thought; ‘then I’ll see to the dark haired wench! Though perhaps not right away.’ He grinned slyly, showing large, yellow teeth. ‘Rest up a bit first. Have some good red meat and more ale! Regain my strength for the long night ahead!’ 
The last buckle done, a servant helped him on with his iron backed mitts and handed him his great axe, Skull Splitter. Another servant handed him is battered but well polished helmet. Touching the small, iron hammer that hung around his thick neck, he lumbered off towards the door --- confident that when he next came into his hall, the insolent pup, Halfdain Softheart would be dead and that the raven haired beauty would be his for the taking.
On the way out the door he passed the old crone Hagatha skulking as usual in the shadows. “Well, old witch? Any final words of wisdom from your dried up lips? Or are you still playing your useless riddle games?!”
“I have but one riddle left for thee, Erlot One-Eye. Would thee list to it afore thee pass on to meet your fate? Or, like an eager young lover, are you too randy and hot for the kill?”
Erlot snorted out a laugh, handed a servant his axe, turned aside and fumbled with his leggings. “I need to piss, old woman. You have as long as my stream continues to riddle your riddle --- for when both it and you are finished, I go to crack a young fool’s head!”
Hagatha made a dry, cackling sound, then a brief, finger motion in the air. A blessing or a curse, only she could say. “Then list well, One-Eye, and prey your brain is as sharp as your axe.” with that the old crone stepped into the late afternoon sunlight streaming in the open door. And I and everyone else there strained to hear her words.

 ‘What is the thing, that no-one can buy, 
Be he a beggar, priest or king?

What is the thing that no-one can see, 
Yet everyone feels its passing? 

More precious than love,
It slips through our door, 
Yet in the end --- 
We still cry out for more!’

But Lord Erlot’s stream had already run dry and he was stomping away long before Hagatha finished --- just as she had known that he would! ‘Go then, old fool,’ she thought, inwardly smiling; ‘for with one eye or two, you have always been blind to the ways of the gods, who love to mock mockers such as thee! The riddle’s answer of course is ‘Time’ --- something  I believe you have run out of. Go now Lord Fool and meet your fate --- for it has been overlong in coming!’
She made one last strange finger motion. A curse or a blessing? Only she and the Fates could say.
***
A ‘Ring of Wands’ had been set up --- wooden stakes driven into the stony ground, making a rough circle a ten paces across. An ‘Honour Ring’ where duels, grudges and long nursed hatreds were settled --- one way or the other. In reality the loser of the duel had only three choices, and none of them pleasant: Death or a wound that could lead to death --- surrendering and publically admitting his guilt --- or banishment & ridicule by deliberately stepping outside the circle. 
Lord Erlot One-Eye, a large, circular shield in one hand and Skull Splitter in the other, had no intention of doing any of these. Sober enough to know that he was still partially drunk, he planned to kill Halfdain quickly.
He had seen the younger man fight many times, even watched him with a sullen envy as Halfdain easily bested others in the daily training sessions and in mock battles and tournaments. Erlot knew well his captain’s strengths and weaknesses. Of the latter he had few --- but one that the older warrior planned to exploit to its fullest!
Halfdain often attacked not with his sword, but with his shield; punching the central iron boss forward into his opponent’s face, knocking the man off balance and then finishing him with an overhead sword stroke --- usually knocking him senseless.



Erlot would be ready for the shield punch and block it not with his own shield, but with his great axe ---hooking the bottom part of the blade over the top of Halfdain’s shield and dragging it down, thereby exposing the guard captain to a sweeping blow from Erlot’s own shield --- then the killing blow from Skull Splitter!
Victory in three quick moves --- followed by a long night of pleasure with the dark haired bitch! 
That is not however how things turned out.
***
In the three years Halfdain had been captain of Erlot’s personal guards, he had sparred with the older man a number of times. He had found his liege lord to be a fairly accomplished fighter but a lazy one; the kind of warrior that relies on his bulk and natural strength to overpower his opponent quickly. Not for Lord Erlot the daily drudgery of constant training to not only build muscles and stamina, but to keep them at peak condition. Any warrior that doesn’t spend several hours sweating heavily every day in practice will soon lose his edge. Add to that strong drink, rich food and idleness, along with the passage of time and the results are always the same ---- the once great fighter is no longer great, and the once adequate one is no longer adequate.
Such was the case with Erlot One-Eye.
Added to that was the fact that he liked to use dirty tricks, often bragging while in his cups that on a battlefield or in a fight to the death there was only one rule: ‘do what you have to in order to survive!’ Halfdain had seen him use a number of less than honourable moves both in battle and in a ‘friendly bout’. Slamming his shield down on an opponent’s foot was one, cutting low at his legs another. Head butting; punching with the weighted pommel of his sword; moving in close, grappling like a bear and squeezing the air out of the man’s lungs were other nasty little moves Lord Erlot enjoyed using.
He also liked to point out other fighters weaknesses; not so much to help the man correct them as to ridicule him --- for, though a large man physically, Halfdain knew that his liege lord was really a very small man in all the things that truly counted. Several times in the past Erlot had mentioned his young captain’s fondness for using his shield’s iron boss as an attack weapon. ‘A sound enough move when fighting a new foe, Halfdain,’ he had said loudly on more than one occasion; ‘but a foolish one to use against an opponent that you have fought before! Try a headbutt or a leg sweep instead, lad. Most men never see those coming!’
And so that is exactly what Halfdain did. When the two men faced each other in the ‘Circle of Wands’ this time, there was no shield punch, no axe hook, no tugging down of the younger man’s shield, no swift, sudden killing blow from the older one.
Halfdain stood ready and waiting. Erlot did the same. Time dragged on. Time --- the answer to Hagatha’s riddle --- the one thing all of us want more of when we know that our ending is near. Their eyes locked, both filled with hate and smouldering fury. Their feet shuffled to the right in a slow circular dance, each one waiting for the other to attack.
And during all this I, Thorgi Odenson, stood beside the raven haired Swanhild, daughter of a valkyrie and granddaughter of a sorceress, herself an ‘Halfenwraith’, a child of a mortal and a god --- but mostly a woman in love with Halfdain son of Halden. 



Then Halfdain spoke, his voice low and measured. “My father warned me of you. Said you were a bad man  rolled in a good man’s skin. That your generosity was all a sham; that you often looked fair but acted foul, that you had no true honour --- and that your word lasted as long as a fart in the wind.”
“If he believed all that,” Erlot snarled, “why then did the old fool serve me?! And why did you?!
Halfdain’s answer was swift in coming. “Just because you are honourless, doesn’t me we are.” And then he attacked. Not with the expected shield punch, but he did as his liege lord once told him: A sudden low swing with his sword at Erlot’s legs. 
When the older man lowered his shield to block, Halfdain stepped forward and rammed his iron helmet into Erlot’s forehead, sending his reeling backwards, blood streaming down his face.
***
Erlot was rocked hard by Halfdain’s headbutt. Blood poured down from a scalp wound, blurring his sight in his one good eye. Fighting back panic, he tried to scrub it away, but his iron gauntlets only made it worse. His nose was a broken ruin and his nose guard was bent inwards and had broken a tooth.
‘So much for my boyish good looks!’ he thought sarcastically, at the same time swinging his long handled axe in a half circle in the hope of landing a blow. The heavily engraved axehead however cleaved only air, for Halfdain had stepped back with ease. As the blade passed he stepped in close again and, with the weighted pommel of his sword , Halfdain hammered Erlot’s already dented helmet a second time.



The older man grunted as the shock travelled through his body. When it reached his legs he staggered, having to use his axe like an old man’s cane to keep from falling. 
It was then that Halfdain stepped in for the killing blow. His father’s sword was on its way down when Erlot hurled himself at the younger man. Slamming into him like an enraged bear, they both went down as their weapons went flying. Erlot’s left hand went for the younger man’s throat, his blood smeared, gauntleted fingers questing for the windpipe while his right hand fumbled for the dagger he carried in the small of his back.
 It was a long, lean, all metal killing thing, its triangular blade narrowing down to a needle point made especially for breaking asunder metal rings and puncturing through mail, leather, under padding --- and an enemy’s beating heart!



Swanhild, her dark eyes wide with concern, saw Erlot’s hand grasp the dagger’s tapered handle and pull it free from its sheathe. “Halfdain! Beware his blade!” she shouted. 
Somehow, over the yelling, shouting and general noise of the crowd, her warning got through. Perhaps not the words so much as the urgency of her tone --- or perhaps there was some witchery involved? 
Regardless of how,  Halfdain managed to grab Erlot’s wrist just before he thrust the blade home! Rolling, grunting, arms and legs flailing, they grappled in the dirt, each one trying to bend the dagger’s glistening point towards the other.
First Erlot seemed to be winning, then Halfdain, then back to the one-eyed older warrior. All of us outside the Ring of Wands watched the life and death struggle within, each one of us with our own favorite to win and our own reason for wishing it so.
And then there was a sudden movement in the tangle of thrashing limbs and bloody leather --- a downward thrust --- a gasp ---and a swiftly fading sigh. The crowd surged forward, each one straining to see who lived and who did not. Halfdain on top, Erlot beneath, both as unmoving as silent sleepers.
“Erlot!” Hagatha the old crone called out from the shadows. “Your time has come at last!”
“Halfdain!” screamed Swanhild the dark eyed ‘Halfenwraith’, as she broke through the Wand Circle and ran to the younger man’s still body. “I come, my love! Don’t leave me behind!”
Falling on her knees, she tugged Halfdain back from the older man beneath him, aghast at the blood that covered his face and hands --- and there for all the crowd to see, buried to the hilt in Erlot’s chest, was his long, lean, triangular bladed dagger.
“Halfdain!” Swanhild yelled, shaking the unmoving young warrior. “Come back to be, damn you!” She then kissed his bloody lips, long and hard, then pulled away and shook him again! “Don’t you dare leave me! I’ll follow if I have to! I swear it!” With a quick movement she pulled out a wickedly sharp little knife and pressed the edge to her left wrist. “Either you come back to me, or I’ll come to you --- but I will not give you up!”
I rushed forward at that, already knowing that my old bones would cause me to arrive too late to stop her --- and, though it shocked me at the time, I wasn’t sure that I should have even try. She’d come so far and waited so long to find true love --- and just when she had, to have it suddenly snatched away was more than cruel! I could understand her wanting to follow him into death--- for who of us truly knows what awaits us in that far off, undiscovered country?
Fortunately however, Lord Erlot One-Eye was the only person that day to make that mysterious journey --- for Halfdain abruptly gasped, coughed, and opened his eyes! His gaze went from Swanhild, to the dagger buried in Erlot’s chest, to the sharp little blade still at her wrist --- and back to her smiling face. “Put your wee blade away, lass, for the killing’s all over and tonight there is just you and I.”
As Halfdain’s guards gathered round their captain and his lady; as the other lord’s planned their next move; as servants took Erlot’s body away for burial; I, strangely happy at the way things had turned out, shuffled off to find a horn of ale, pen and ink and a warm place to begin my latest saga. I already knew the story, for had I not just lived it myself?! The title I knew as well!
 

‘The Warrior & 
The Halfenwraith
by 
the Norse ‘scald’ 
Thorgi Odinson
(Circa 1020 AD)


***



That’s the end of my short story. I hope you enjoyed my ‘Norse Tale’ and perhaps you might be interested in reading a longer one I’ve written?  It’s my own ‘adaptation’ in novel form a real 8th century Norse saga, ‘Erick Brighteyes’

What follows are the first few chapters. The rest, and all my other works, you can see by going to W.Wm.Mee SMASHWORDS.

Until then, stay well and keep reading.
Wayne Wm. Mee
St. Bruno, Quebec, Canada
2020, The Year of the Pandemic.

BRIGHTEYES
by
W.Wm.Mee

A Re-Telling of
H. Rider Haggard’s
1890’s Classic Norse Saga,
‘Eric Brighteyes’


Copyright 2019 W.Wm.Mee
Smashwords Edition
Background: ‘Way Back When’



Like most people everywhere, I’ve always loved a good story. As a kid growing up they mostly revolved around the Disney ‘classics’. Not the ‘princess stuff,’ but ‘Davy Crocket’, Daniel Boone’ and ‘Old Yeller’. 
As I got older, I found other ‘literary areas of interest’ --- all of them some form of ‘adventure stories’. Robin Hood, King Arthur, Treasure Island, Huckleberry Finn, The Count of Monte Christo. All ‘action packed’! Then I tried ‘lesser known’ tales of adventure. Kidnapped, Beowulf, The Master of Balantray. 

The excitement caused by reading Shakespeare happened in high school, as did reading H. Rider Haggard greatest novels, King Soloman’s Mines, Allan Quartermain, She and the one I am attempting to re-write here, ‘Eric Brighteyes.’

Why mess with something as well written as ‘Eric Brighteyes’? After all, ‘if it aint broke, why fix it’?
Well, I have several answers.

For the same reason great movies are ‘re-made’; to give a modern twist to a great story and so that new generations might fully enjoy, and relate to, such a fine work of art.

Also, having been an elementary teacher for over thirty years, I’ve introduce hundreds of young children to the ‘classics’ and the stories that I loved. When I couldn’t find a ‘watered-down version’ of the tale (written at their grade level), I would often write my own version. I enjoyed doing it then, and I still do.

So, ‘Gentle Reader’, what follows is a mixture of my ‘description’ and Haggard’s ‘conversation’. I’ve ‘trimmed it down’ a bit’ from the sometimes ‘flowery’ language, but also tried hard to keep Haggard’s original flavour. I hope you enjoy reading this one as much as I enjoyed re-writing it.

‘Rest ye gentle, Sleep ye sound.’

W. Wm.Mee
St. Bruno, Quebec,
Canada
2019
The Saga’s Background



‘Eric Brighteyes’ is an epic tale founded on the Icelandic sagas of the 8th to the 11th centuries. ‘What is a saga?’ All the ‘good things’ about a story rolled into one: adventure, drama, love, magic, tragedy, sex and honour. Oh yes, and revenge! Kind of like what Shakespeare did in the 17th century.
H. Rider Haggard’s ‘Eric Brighteyes’ was first published in 1890, is one of the books that inspired J.R.R. Tolkien to write his masterpiece, ‘Lord of the Rings’ --- and, like Hamlet, Macbeth and LOTR, it is still going strong.

***
INTRODUCTION

Long before the womanish teaching’s of the White Christ came to Iceland, there lived a man in the south called Eric Brighteyes. In those days there was no man like him for strength, beauty or daring --- but he was not a lucky man. 
Two foster-sisters also lived in the south, not far from the sea; Gudruda the Fair and Swanhild the Fatherless. They were considered by many the fairest of all women, though they had nothing in common except their blood, their hatred for each other and their love for Eric. 
Now of Eric Brighteyes, Gudruda the Fair and Swanhild the Fatherless, there is a tale to tell. 
***
Chapter 1: ‘Lord Asmund & Groa the Witch ’


The father of Gudruda the Fair was Thane Asmund Asmundson, the wealthiest man in the south of Iceland. Asmund owned many farms, merchant ships and longships of war. He had won his wealth by viking’s work, robbing the English coasts, and black tales were told of his doings in his youth on the sea.
He had in marriage Gudruda, the daughter of Björn, who was very sweet and kindly of nature, so that they called her Gudruda the Gentle. 
The mother of Swanhild the Fatherless was Groa the Witch. She was a Finn, and it is told of her that the ship on which she sailed to Iceland was dashed to pieces on a rock, and all those on board were caught and drowned in Ran’s net, the Norse goddess of the sea --- except for Groa herself, who was saved by her witchy arts.
 Asmund found the beautiful woman, wearing a black cloak with silver trim and a great girdle of gold, seated on a rock, combing her black hair and singing softly. At her feet, washing to and fro in a salt pool, was a dead man. Thane Asmund asked whence she came, and she answered: “Out of the Swan’s Bath.” 
“Who is that man?” asked Asmund, pointing at the body. 
She laughed coldy, though her gaze was hot. “What care you, Asmund?” 
“How knowest thou my name?” Asmund demanded, suddenly wary of this beautiful woman. 
“The sea-mews cried it as the ship sank --- thy name and others. Her voice was deep and rich, it’s seductive tones already casting their dark spell over the wealthy thane. “They said as well that all this meeting shall be the seed of a great story.” 
“Then that is the best of luck, to be mentioned in a saga!” Asmund said; “But I think, woman, that thou art fey.” 
 “Aye,” she answered slyly, “Both fey and fair!”  These last words completed the spell and the ‘thane’ was fully hooked.
“Tis true enough that thou art fair,” Asmund beamed, then, more soberly: “But what shall we do with this dead man?” 
“Leave him in Ran’s loving embrace,” Groa laughed. “So may all husbands one day lie --- but come away lord. Show me thy fine steding.” 
Seeing that she was a witchwoman, Asmund knew that he should leave here there on the beach, but strangely, he could not. The very thought of not having her near him was oddly troubling. So, against his better judgment, he took her up to Middalhof, and gave her a small farm. There she lived on her and over the years he profited much by her witchy wisdom and dark arts. Not everyone liked that Osmond had brought a witchwoman to live among them, including his wife, Gudruda the Gentle, but Asmund kept the witch just the same.
***
A years or so later Gudruda the Gentle gave birth to a daughter --- a fair haired girl, with dark eyes. On the same day, Groa the witchwoman also brought forth a girl-child, and men wondered who the father was, for Groa was no man’s wife.

When Groa was asked who was the father she laughed darkly and said that she never saw his face, for he rose out of the sea at night. Other times she said that, on a moonless night, the wild West Wind came to me in human form --- or perhaps it was Odin himself that did the deed --- or one of his many sons?’ However most the women of the steading believed that Thane Asmund Asmundson himself was the father, and though he angrily denied it, as time passed he seemed to love the witch’s child as much as his own. 
On the day of his daughter’s birth a woman came running to Asmund weeping. “Haste, haste, lord! A daughter is born to thee this day, but thy wife Gudruda the Gentle is dying!” 
Asmund found his wife in the bed-closet off the great hall of Middalhof. “Art thou there, husband?” she asked. 
“I am, wife.” 
“Thou comest in an evil hour, for it is my last. Now hearken. Take thou the new-born daughter in thine arms and kiss it, pour water over it, and name it with my name.” 
This Asmund did. 
“Mark me, my husband. I have been a good wife to thee, though thou hast not been all good to me. But thus shalt thou atone: thou shalt swear that, though she is a girl, thou wilt not cast this bairn forth to perish, but wilt cherish and nurture her.” 
“I swear it,” he said. 
“And thou shalt also swear that thou wilt not take the witchwoman Groa to wife, nor have anything to do with her, and this for thine own sake, not mine --- for, if thou take her as your own, she will be thy death. Dost thou so swear?” 
“I so swear ,” he said again, though there was a slight hesitation in his voice. 
“It is well then; but, husband, if thou dost break thine oath, either in the words or in the spirit of the words, evil shall overtake thee and all thy house. Now give me the babe and bid me farewell, for soon I die.” 
He bent and kissed her, for in his own way Asmund loved his wife.
They gave her the babe and she looked upon its dark eyes and said: 
“Fairest of women shalt thou be, Gudruda, fair as no woman in Iceland ever was before thee; and thou shalt love with a mighty love --- and thou shalt lose --- and, losing, thou shalt find again.” Having spoken those fell words, she lay back and was gone. And that night Asmund dreamt a terrible dream and the next day they laid his wife in her grave. 
***
Of all diviners of dreams, sign and omens, Groa the Witch was the most skilled, and when his wife had been in the earth seven full days, Asmund went to Groa, though doubtfully, because of his oath to shun her. He came to the house and entered and there on a couch lay Groa. Her new born girl child was on her breast and she was very fair indeed to see. 
“Greeting, lord!” the witchwoman said. “What wouldest thou here?” 
“I have dreamed a dream, and thou alone canst read it.” 
 “It is true that I have some skill in dreams,” she answered. “At the least I will hear it.” 
When he had told her all he could remember she asked him what he would give her for reading the dream. 
“What would thou ask? Methinks I have given thee much already!” 
“My lord,” she said and looked at the babe upon her breast. “I ask but a little thing: that thou take this bairn in thy arms, pour water on it’s head and name it.” 
Asmund frowned. “Men will talk if I do this, for it is the father’s part.” 
“It is a little thing to me what men say,” Groa said lightly, stroking with her left hand her thick, black main. “Talk goes by as the wind. Moreover, thou shalt give them the lie in the child’s name --- for it shall be Swanhild the Fatherless. That, my lord, is my price. Pay it if thou wilt.”
His frown deepened. “Read me the dream and I will name the child.” 
“Nay, first name thou the babe: for then no harm may come to her at thy hands, for she and thou are linked together, in name as well as blood.” 



So Asmund took the child, poured water over her, and named her Swanhild the Fatherless. 
Then Groa spoke: “This lord, is the reading of thy dream, else my wisdom is at fault: The silver ‘dove’ is thy daughter Gudruda, the golden ‘snake’ is my just named daughter Swanhild, and these two shall hate one the other and strive against each other all their lives. The ‘swan’ in the dream represents a mighty man whom both maids shall love, and, though he love not both, yet shall belong to both. 
And thou shalt send him away; but he shall return and bring bad luck to thee and thy house. Thy daughter Gudruda shall be blind with love of him and in the end he shall slay the ‘eagle’, a great lord from the north who shall seek to wed thy daughter, and many another shall he slay, by the help of that ‘raven’ with the bill of steel who shall be with him.” Groa paused, fixed Asmund with her dark eyes and continued. 
“But my daughter Swanhild shall triumph over Gudruda and this ‘swan-man’, and the two of them shall die at her hands. As for the rest, lord, who can say? But this much I know is true—that the ‘eagle’, the ‘mighty man’ shall bring all thy race to an end.” Her head came up and she held his hard stare. “See, lord --- now, I have read thee thy rede.” 
Then Asmund was very wroth. “Thou wast wise to beguile me to name thy bastard before thy reading,” he said; “else had I’d have been the brat’s death when thou had finished!” 
“Go then instead and lay Gudruda the Fair out for the wolves on Coldback Hill,” Groa laughed. “So shalt thou make an end of the evil that is to come, for Gudruda shall be its flower, stem and root! Learn this, moreover: that thy dream does not tell all, seeing that thou thyself must yet play a part in the fate. So go now; send forth the babe Gudruda to the wolves --- change they fate and be at rest!” 
“ThatI will not do!” Asmund growled. “For I have sworn on my good wife’s deathbed to cherish the babe!” 
“It is done then,” laughed Groa. “Things will befall as they are fated; let the Three Norms decide. There is space aplenty for cairns on Coldback Hill, and the sea can easily shroud its dead!” 
And with Asmund turned and left, greatly angered at heart. 
***
Chapter 2: ‘Eric & Gudruda the Fair’



Several years before the day that Gudruda the Gentle died, the wife of Thorgrimur Iron-Toe of Coldback Hill gave birth to a son, and when the father came to look upon the child he called out aloud: “Here we have a wondrous bairn! For his hair is yellow like gold and his eyes shine bright as the stars!” And Thorgrimur Iron-Toe named his son Eric Brighteyes. 
Now, Coldback Hill is but an hour’s ride from Middalhof. A full decade later, Thorgrimur went up to Middalhof to keep the Yule feast and worship in Odin’s temple --- for he was in the same local priesthood of Asmund Asmundson --- and he brought his son Eric Brighteyes with him. 
There also was Groa with Swanhild, for now the witchwoman dwelt in Middalhof as Thane Osmond’s ‘housekeeper’. And there the three children were set together in the hall to play. Thane Osmond and his hand-fasted men thought it great sport to see them at play. Gudruda had a wooden horse and would ride it while Eric pushed the horse along. But Swanhild knocked her off the horse and told Eric to push it; but he refused and comforted Gudruda instead. Swanhild was angry and called out: “Push me thou must, if I will it, Eric!” 
Then push he did, but sideways, so that Swanhild almost fell into the hearth-fire, and, leaping up, she snatched a burning brand and threw it at Gudruda, nearly catching fire to her clothes. Men laughed at this; but Groa, standing apart, frowned and muttered angry, witchy-words at Eric. 
“Why lookest thou so darkly, housekeeper?” said Asmund; “Eric is but a bonny lad and high of spirit!” 
“Ah, he is a bonny child, and he will be bonny all his life, but that will not help him change his early death, for this I prophesy of him: that women will bring him to his early end, and that he shall die a hero’s death --- but not at the hand of his foes.” 
As the years passed, Groa dwelt with her daughter Swanhild  at Middalhof as Thane Asmund’s lover. Asmund however, still mindful of the oath he swore to his dying wife, was never able to take Groa as his wife. The witchwoman was angered at this, but no matter how much she schemed and plotted to bring it about, Asmund still would not wed her. 
***
Twenty years had come and gone and both Gudruda the Fair and Swanhild the Fatherless were now groan women. Eric, too, was a man of five-and-twenty years, strong and great of stature, and his blue eyes shone with the light off a sun-kissed lake. There were none in all of Iceland who could leap or swim or wrestle against him, though as yet he had done no great deeds in battle, but lived at home on Coldback Hill, managing the farm, ever since his father Thorgrimur Iron-Toe had died. 
So handsome was Eric that women were just naturally drawn to Eric, and that was his bane --- but of all the women in Iceland he loved but one, Gudruda the Fair. Since childhood he had loved her and her alone, and would till the day that he died. Gudruda’s hair, like Eric’s, was the color of molten gold, and her skin was as white as the snow on Mount Hecla; but her eyes were large and dark, and black lashes drooped above them. For the rest she was tall, strong and comely; tenderhearted and the most witty of young women.



Swanhild also was very easy on the eye, but cold of heart. She was slender, slight of limb, and dark of hue. Her eyes were the colour of forest shadows and full of hidden things. Thick and sleek was her raven black hair, covering her lean, slender body to the knees. She had an inquisitive mind, was both frank and open in her talk, though her thoughts were deep, dark and secretive. From her mother Groa she studied the arts of magic and spells and took great pleasure in drawing the hearts of men to her and then, when they were entranced by her dark beauty, she’d mock them and cast them aside. What she really desired above all else was power and wealth --- and she was determined to have both!
But Swanhild had one great weakness; she too loved a man --- and that was the one point by which the shaft of Fate could penetrate her black heart. For the man she loved was Eric Brighteyes --- he who loved her not! But she desired him so sorely that, without him, all the world was dark to her, and her soul was but as a ship driven rudderless upon a desolate shoe. Therefore she put out all her strength to win him, and bent her dark witcheries upon him --- and they were not few nor were they small!
Nevertheless all her dark arts went by Eric like the wayward wind, for he dreamed only of Gudruda the Fair, and he saw no comely body but hers, though as yet they had spoke no word of love to each other. 
When Swanhild, in her wrath, told her mother Groa of her love for Eric, Groa laughed aloud. “Dost think me blind, girl?! All of this I have seen, yea and foreseen! And I tell thee thou art mad! Let this penniless Eric go and I will find thee a finer fowl to fly at!” 
“Nay, mother, that I will not!” Swanhild said angrily: “For I love this man alone, and I will win him! Gudruda I hate, and I would gladly replace her in Eric’s affections! Mother, I prey thee, I have need of thy counsel.” 
Groa laughed again. “Things must be as they are fated, daughter, but listen and I’ll tell you my plan. Asmund wants to use Gudruda’s beauty to make him richer than he already is, and so has stated that whoever gets her as a wife must be both rich and powerful and pay him a handsome dowry for Gudruda’s hand. Meanwhile we will bear tales of Gudruda to Asmund and to her arrogant brother Björn, and swear that she oversteps her modesty with Eric. Then shall Asmund be wroth and drive Eric from Gudruda’s side. Now, in the far north there dwells a man, Ospa Blacktooth, who is mighty in all things and blown up with pride. His wife is but lately dead, and he has given out that he will wed the fairest maid in Iceland. Now, we will send word of Gudruda’s great beauty to Ospa so he will come hither to ask her in marriage. This way, if things go well, thou shalt be rid of thy rival, and I of one who looks scornfully upon me.”
“But what if this Ospa Blacktooth comes not for Gudruda’s hand, or will not pay the price Asmund will demand?”
Gora’s laughter took on a mocking tone. “Then, daughter mine, there are two roads left you may travel to reach your goal. One is that thou should use thine own beauty, which is not little, to win Eric. All men are frail, daughter, and I have a potion that will make your Eric’s heart as wax. --- yet the other path is even surer.” 
“And what path is that, mother?” 
“It runs through blood to blackness. By thy side is a knife and in Gudruda’s bosom beats a heart. Dead women, daughter, make poor wives and even poorer lovers.
Swanhild tossed her head and looked upon the dark face of her mother. “Methinks, with such a goal to win, I should not fear to tread that path, if tread it I must.” 
“Now I see thou art indeed my daughter. Happiness is for the bold, Gudruda, but to each of us it comes in a different guise. Some love power, some wealth, and some --- a man. But you must take that which thou lovest! Cut thy path to it and take it; else shall thy life be but a weariness. Therefore, if thou seekest this man, and Gudruda blocks thy path, slay her, girl—by witchcraft or by steel—and take him, and in his arms forget that thine own are red! 
“But first let us try the easier plan. Daughter, I too hate this proud girl, who scorns me as her father’s ‘backdoor woman’. I too long to see that bright head of hers dull with the dust of death, or, at the least, those proud eyes weeping tears of shame as a man she hates leads her hence as a bride! Were it not for her I should be Asmund’s wife, and, when she is gone, with thy help, his wife I may be yet! So, in this matter, if in no other, let us go hand in hand and match our wits against Gudruda’s innocence.” 
Now, Gora sent her servant Koll northward to Lord Blacktooth’s hall to spread the word of Gudruda’s beauty and the time passed till it lacked but a month to Yule. The season was dark and much snow fell. At length came a clear sky, and Gudruda, threw a cloak about her and walked forth, taking the road towards Coldback Hill. Swanhild watched her till she was in the woods then she also took a cloak and followed for she always watched her fair-haired foster-sister. 
Gudruda walked on for the half of an hour or so, when it began to snow. The soft flakes quickly became a blizzard, but through it Gudruda walked on --- and after her, like a shadow, crept Swanhild. Darkness gathered and Gudruda grew weary and frightened, and sat down upon a shelving rock. Swanhild still watched from the shadows.
Gudruda grew heavy as though with sleep, when suddenly something loomed upon the snowy darkness. When Gudruda leapt up and called out, man’s voice aksed: “Who passes there?” 
“I, Gudruda, Asmund’s daughter.” 
The form came nearer; now Swanhild, watching from the shadows, could hear the snorting of a horse, and saw a man leapt down from it --- and that man was Eric Brighteyes. 
“Is it thou indeed, Gudruda?!” he said with a laugh, and his great shape showed darkly on the night snow. “It is I, Eric!” 
“Oh, Eric!” she answered. “I was never more joyed to see thee; for of a truth thou dost come in a good hour. A little while and I had seen thee no more, for my eyes grow heavy with the death-sleep.” 
“Nay, say not so. Art lost, then? Why, so am I. I came out to seek three horses that are strayed, and was overtaken by the snow. May they dwell warmly in Odin’s stables, for they have led me to thee. Art thou cold, Gudruda?” 
“But a little, Eric. Come, there is place for thee here on the rock.” 
So he sat down by her on the stone, and Swanhild crept nearer; for now all weariness had left her. But still the snow fell thick. 
“It comes into my mind that we two shall die here,” said Gudruda presently. 
“Thinkest thou so?” he answered. “Well, I will say this, that I ask no better end.” 
“It is a bad end for thee, Eric: to be choked in snow, and with all thy deeds to do.” 
“It is a good end, Gudruda, to die at thy side, for so I shall die happy; but I grieve for thee.” 
“Grieve not for me, Brighteyes, worse things might befall.” 
He drew nearer to her, and now he put his arms about her and clasped her to his chest; nor did she say him nay. Swanhild saw and lifted herself up behind them, but for a while she heard nothing but the beating of her heart. 
“Listen, Gudruda,” Eric said at last. “Death draws near to us, and before it comes I would speak to thee, if speak I may.” 
“Speak on,” she whispered from his breast. 
“This I would say, then: that I love thee, and that I ask no better fate than to die in thy arms.” 
“First shalt thou see me die in thine, Eric.” 
“Be sure, if that is so, I shall not tarry for long. Oh! Gudruda, since I was a child I have loved thee, and now thou art all to me! Better to die thus than to live without thee. Speak, then, while there is time.” 
“I will not hide from thee, Eric, that thy words are sweet in my ears.” 
And now Gudruda began to sob and the tears fell fast from her dark eyes. 
“Nay, weep not. Dost thou, then, love me?” 
“Aye, love you I do, Eric.” 
“Then kiss me before we pass. A man should not die thus, and yet men have died worse.” 


And so they kissed for the first time, out in the snow on Coldback --- and that first kiss was long and sweet. But Swanhild both saw and heard and her blood seethed within her. She put her hand to her belt and gripped the knife that hung there. She half drew it, then drove it back. 
‘Cold kills as sure as steel,’ she said in her heart. ‘If I slay her then I cannot save myself or him. Let us all three die then in frosty peace, and let the snow cover up our troubled hearts.’ 
And once more she listened. 
“Ah, sweet,” said Eric, “even in the midst of death there is hope of life. Swear to me, then, that if by chance we live, thou wilt love me always as thou lovest me now.” 
“Aye, Eric, I swear that and readily.” 
“And swear, come what may, that thou wilt wed no man but me.” 
“I swear, if thou dost remain true to me, that I will wed none but thee, Eric.” 
“Then I am content!” he grinned.
The snow whirled down faster and more thick, till these two, clasped heart to heart, were but a heap of white, and all white was the horse, and Swanhild was nearly buried. 
“Where go we when we die, Eric?” said Gudruda; “In Odin’s house there is no place for maids, and how shall I fare without thee?” 
“Nay, sweet, my May, Valhalla shuts its gates to me, a deedless man; up Bifrost’s rainbow bridge I may not travel, for I do not die with byrnie on breast and sword in hand. To Hela shall we both go, hand in hand.” 
“Art thou sure, Eric, that these places truly exist? To say sooth, at times I misdoubt me of them.” 
 “I also have my doubts. Still, I do know this, Gudruda; that wherever thou goest, there I will follow!
“Then things are well, and let the Norns have their way. Still, Eric, of a sudden I grow fey: for it comes upon me that I shall not die to-night, but that when I do, I shall die with thy arms about me. There! I see it played out on the snow! I lie by thee, sleeping, and one comes with hands outstretched and sleep falls from them like a mist—by Freya, it is Swanhild’s ! Oh! She is gone!”
Eric pulls her close. “It was nothing, Gudruda, but a vision of the snow—an untimely dream that comes before the sleep. I grow cold and my eyes are heavy; kiss me once again.” 
“It was no dream, Eric, and always have I mistrusted Swanhild, for I think she loves thee also, and she is fair and my enemy!” Gudruda presses her snow-cold lips on his his. “Oh, Eric, awake! Awake! See, the snow has stopped and the sky is clearing!” 
He stumbled to his feet and looked up. And across the sky flared the wild Northern fires, throwing light upon the darkness. 
“Now it seems that I know the land,” said Eric. “Look: yonder are Cloudland Falls, though we did not hear them because of the snow; and there, out at sea, loom the Westman Isles; and that dark thing is Odin’s Temple, and behind it stands the stead! We are saved, Gudruda! Now rise up, ere thy limbs stiffen, and I will set thee on the horse, if he still can run, and lead thee down to Middalhof before the witchlights fail us.” 
“So it shall be, Eric.” 
Now he led Gudruda to the horse, that, seeing its master, snorted and shook the snow from its coat, and he set her on the saddle, and put his arm about her waist, and they passed slowly through the deep snow. 
And Swanhild, too, crept from her place, for her burning rage had kept the life in her, and followed after them. Many times she fell, and once she was nearly swallowed in a drift of snow and cried out in her fear. 
“Who called aloud?” said Eric, turning; “I thought I heard a voice.” 
“Nay,” answered Gudruda, “It was but a night-hawk screaming.” 
Now Swanhild lay quiet in the drift, but she said in her heart: ‘Aye, sister- enemy, a night-hawk that shall tear out those dark eyes of thine!’ 
The two continue on and at length come to the banked roadway that runs past the temple to Asmund’s hall. Here Swanhild leaves them, and, climbing over the turf-wall into the home meadow, passes round the hall by the outbuildings and so comes to the far end of the house, and enters by the men’s door unnoticed of any. For all the people, seeing a horse coming and a woman seated on it, were gathered in front of the hall. But Swanhild ran to that shut bed where she slept, and, closing the curtain, threw off her garments, shook the snow from her hair, and put on a linen kirtle. Then she rested a while, for she was weary, and, going to the kitchen, warmed herself at the fire. 
Meanwhile Eric and Gudruda came to the house and there Asmund greeted them well, for he was worried about his daughter and had men out searching for her. 
Now Gudruda told her tale, but not all of it, and Asmund bade Eric to the house. Then one asked about Swanhild, and Eric said that he had seen nothing of her, and Asmund was sad at this, for he loved both his daughters. But as he told all men to go and search, an old servant came and said that Swanhild was in the kitchen, and just then Swanhild came into the hall. Dressed all in white she was very pale, and with shining eyes and fair to see. 
“Where hast thou been, Swanhild?” said Asmund. “I thought certainly thou wast perishing with Gudruda in the snow, and now all men go to seek thee while the witchlights burn.” 
“Nay, foster-father, I have been to the Temple,” she lied. “So, our Gudruda has but narrowly escaped the snow, thanks be to Brighteyes yonder! Surely I am glad of it, for we could ill spare our sweet sister,” and, going up to her, she kissed her. But Gudruda saw that her eyes burned like fire and felt that her lips were cold as ice, and she shrank back wondering. 
***
Chapter 3: ‘The Unwanted Gift’


Now it was supper-time in Asmund’s hall and the men sat at meat while the women waited upon them. But as she went to and fro, Gudruda always looked at Eric, and Swanhild watched them both. Supper being over, people gathered round the hearth, and, having finished her service, Gudruda came and sat by Eric, so that her sleeve might touch his. They spoke no word, but there they sat and were happy. Swanhild saw and bit her lip. She was seated by Asmund and Björn his son. 
“Look, foster-father,” she said; “Yonder sit a pretty pair!” 
“That cannot be denied,” answered Asmund. “One may ride many days to see such another man as Eric Brighteyes, and no such maid as Gudruda flowers between Middalhof and London town, unless it be thou, Swanhild.”
“Nay, name me not with Gudruda, foster-father; I am but a grey goose by thy white swan. But these shall be well wed and that will be a good match for Eric.” 
“Let not thy tongue run on so fast,” said Asmund sharply. “Who told thee that Eric should have Gudruda?” 
“None told me, but having eyes and ears, I grew certain of it,” said Swanhild. “Look at them now: surely lovers wear such faces.” 
Now it chanced that Gudruda had rested her chin on her hand, and was gazing into Eric’s eyes beneath the shadow of her hair. 
Asmund’s ill-tempered son Bjorn grunted. He was jealous of Eric’s strength and beauty, and loved him not. “Methinks my sister will look higher than to wed a simple yeoman, though he is large as two other men,” said Björn with a sneer. 
But Asmund’s thoughts went deeper and he turned back to Swanhild. “Mark me, girl. I will test your ‘guessings’ and set a snare to see if they be ture.” Tehn, raising his voice, he called out to Eric he came across Gudruda in the snow
Eric told his tale; but not all of it, for on the morrow he intended to ask Gudruda in marriage, though his heart prophesied no luck in the matter, and therefore he was not overswift to do it. 
“In this thing thou hast done me and mine good service,” said Asmund coldly, searching Eric’s handsome face. “ For I would set her high in marriage, both for her honour and the honour of my house, and if she had perished in the snow then some rich and noble man will have lost great joy. But take thou this gift in memory of the deed, and know that Gudruda’s rich husband shall give thee another such upon the day that he makes her as wife!” Asmund then drew a gold ring off his arm and held it out for Eric to take. 
Eric’s knees trembled as he heard Asmund’s words, and his heart came close to breaking, but still he answered clear and straight: “Thy gift had been better without thy words, ring-giver; but I pray thee to take it back, for I have done nothing to win it --- though perhaps the time will come when I shall ask thee for a much richer one.” 
“My gifts have never been put away before!” said Asmund, growing angry. 
“This poor farmer holds your good gold of little worth, father,” Bjorn sneered. “or you either by his refusing!” 
“Nay, Björn, tis not so!” Eric answered: “But, as thou sayest, I am but a poor farmer, and since my father, Thorgrimur Iron-Toe, died, things have not gone too well on Coldback Hill --- but at the least I am a free man, and I will take no gifts that I cannot repay worth for worth. Therefore I will not have the ring.” 
“As thou wilt,” said Asmund. “Pride is a good horse if thou ridest it wisely,” and he thrust the ring back upon his arm. 
Soon the people go to their beds; but Swanhild seeks out her mother instead and tells her all that has befallen her --- nor does Groa fail to listen. 
“Now, daughter, I will amend our plan,” the witchwoman said, “for these things have chanced well and Asmund is in a ripe humour. Eric shall come no more to Middalhof till Gudruda is wed and gone hence, led away by Ospa Blacktooth.” 
“But if Eric does not come here,” Swanhild put in; “how then shall I see his face? For, mother, I long for the sight of it.” 
“That is thy matter, thou lovesick fool! Know this: that if Eric comes hither and gets speech with Gudruda, there is an end of thy hopes; for, fair as thou art, she is too fair for thee, and, strong as thou art, in a way she is too strong. Thou hast heard how these two love, and such loves mock at the will of fathers. Eric will win his desire or die beneath the swords of Asmund and Björn --- if such small men can prevail against Eric’s might. Nay, the wolf Eric must be fenced from the lamb till he grows hungry. Then let him search the fold and make spoil of thee, for, when the best is gone, he will desire the good.” 
“So be it, mother. As I sat crouched behind Gudruda in the snow at Coldback, I had half a mind to end her love-words with this knife, for so I should have been free of her.” 
“Yes, and held fast in the Norms doom-ring, thou wildcat! The gods help this Eric, if thou winnest him. Nay, choose thy time and, if thou must strike, strike secretly and home. Remember also that cunning is mightier than strength, that lies pierce further than swords, and that witchcraft wins where honesty must fail. Now I will go to Asmund, and he shall be an angry man before to-morrow comes.” 
Then Groa went to Asmund’s room. He was sitting on the bed and asked her why she came. 
“For love of thee, Asmund, and thy house, though thou dost treat me ill --- you, who hast profited so much by me and my foresight. Say now, shadow-husband mine, is it your will that this daughter of thine, Gudruda the Fair, should be the wife of yonder long-legged farmer?” 
“That is not in my mind,” said Asmund, stroking his beard. 
“Knowest thou, then, that this very day your white Gudruda sat on Eric’s lap in the snow, while he fondled her to his heart’s content?” 
“Most likely it was for warmth. Men do not dream on love in the hour of death. Who saw this?” 
“Swanhild, who was behind, and hid herself for shame, and therefore she held that these two must soon be wed! Ah, thou art foolish now, Asmund. Young blood makes light of cold or death. Art thou blind, or dost thou not see that these two turn on each other like birds at nesting-time?” 
“Blind I am not, woman,” Asmund replied, “But I would see Gudruda happy!” 
“Happiness is like the snow, man, it comes and goes in its season, but thou hast enemies, Asmund. Thou art too prosperous, and there are many who hate thee for thy power  and wealth. Were it not wise to use this girl of thine to build a wall about thee against an evil day?” 
“I have been more wont, housekeeper, to trust to my own arm than to bought friends! But tell me, for thou art indeed far-seeing, how may this be done? As things are, though I spoke roughly to him last night, yet I am inclined to let Eric Brighteyes have Gudruda, for I have always loved the lad, and believe he will go far.” 
“Listen, Asmund! Surely thou hast heard of Ospa Blacktooth—the great thane who dwells in the north?” 
“Ay, I have both heard of him and I know him well. There is no man like him for ugliness, or strength, or wealth and power. We sailed together on a viking raid many years ago, and he did things at which my blood turned --- and in those days I had no womanish heart!” 
“With time men change their temper. Unless I am mistaken, this Ospa wishes above all to have Gudruda in marriage, for, now that everything is his, this alone is left for him to ask—the fairest woman in Iceland as a wife. Think then, with Ospa for a son-in-law, who is there that can stand against thee?” 
“I am not so sure of this matter, nor do I altogether trust thee, Groa. Of a truth it seems to me that thou hast some stake upon the race. Ospa Blacktooth is evil and hideous. It would be a shame to give Gudruda over to him when she looks elsewhere. Thou nowest well that I swore to her dead mother to love and cherish her --- and how runs this with my oath? If Eric is not rich, yet he is of good birth and kin, and, moreover, a man of men. If he take her good will come of it.” 
Groa was shaking her head, her once beautiful face now long and sad. “That is just like thee, Asmund, always to mistrust those who spend their days in plotting for thy weal. Do as thou wilt! Let Eric take this treasure of thine ---for whom earls would give half their fortune --- and live to rue it! But I say this: if Eric has thy leave to roam here with your golden dove, her belly will soon grow heavy with his child, for young blood is hot and ill at waiting. So either betroth her now or see both your dove and your honour ruined! 
“Thy tongue runs too fast, woman!. Eric is still unproved in battle and in deeds of valor, and I will see him tried before I decide. To-morrow I will warn him from my door; then things shall go as they are fated. And now give me some peace, for I weary of thy talk! Moreover, it is false; for thou lackest but one thing, Gora --- a little honesty to season all thy other crafts. What fee I wonder has Ospa Blacktooth paid thee?.For I know well that thou would  never refused a gold ring as young Eric just did --- for  unlike him, thou wouldst do much for gold!” 
“And even more for love, Asmund,” Groa said, then added hotly: “But almost anything for hate!” She laughed after that and left him --- and Asmund sat thinking long into the night. 
Early in the morning he went to the hall and woke Eric, who slept by the centre hearth, and said that he would talk with him privately. Eric rose and followed him outside. 
“Say now, Eric,” Asmund said, when they stood in the grey light outside the house, “who was it that taught thee that kisses keep out the cold on snowy days?” 
Eric reddened to his yellow hair, but he answered boldly: “Who was it told thee, lord, that I tried this sweet medicine?” 
“The snow hides much, but there are eyes that can pierce even the snow. Now know this, Eric --- I like thee well, but Gudruda is not for thee. She is far above thee as the stars, for thou art but a deedless yeoman.” 
“Then I love to no end,” said Eric sadly; “I long for one thing only, and that is Gudruda. It was in my mind to ask her in marriage of thee this day.” 
“Then, lad, thou hast thy answer before thou askest. Now hear me and mark me well --- if but once again I find thee alone with Gudruda, it is my axe shall kiss thee and not her lips.” 
Eric frowned at that and drew himself up to his full height. “That may yet be put to the proof, lord,” He turned to seek his horse when suddenly Gudruda came and stood between them, and his heart leapt at the sight of her. 
“Listen, Gudruda,” Eric said. “It is thy father’s word that we two speak together no more.” 
“Then it is an ill saying for us,” said Gudruda, laying her hand upon her breast. 
“Be it a good saying or ill, girl,so it surely is!” answered Asmund. “No more shalt thou two go a-kissing,  either in the snow or in the flowers!” 
“Now I seem to hear Swanhild’s voice,” Gudruda  replied. “But a father’s wish is to a maid is like a strong wind to the grass --- she must bend to his wishes. Still, Eric, our sun is behind the cloud for now --- but it may shine again some day. Till then, Eric, fare thee well!” 
“So now it is not thy will, lord,” Eric asked, “that I should come to thy Yule-feast as Ihave these ten years past?!” 
At that Asmund grew wroth, and pointed towards the great Cloudland Falls that thunder down the mountain. “A man may take two roads, Eric, from Coldback Hill to Middalhof. One by the bridle-path over Coldback --- and the other down Cloudland Falls. But I never knew traveler to choose the second way. So yes, I do indeed bid thee to my Yule-feast --- but you must come down Cloudland Falls; and, if thou do comest that way, I promise thee this: if thou livest I will be glad and greet thee well --- and if I find thee dead in the great pool at the bottom, I myself will bind on thy Hell-shoes and lay thee to earth in a neighbourly fashion. But if thou comest by any other path, then my thralls shall cut thee down at my door.” And he stroked his beard and smiled, for it came into his mind that he had solved the problem one way or the other. 
“I’ll hold thee to thy word, lord,” Eric said, as he mounted his horse. “Perhaps I shall be thy guest at Yule.” 
But Gudruda heard the thunder of the mighty Falls cried “Nay, Eric! The falls will be thy death!” 
But Eeric was already riding away across the snow. 
***
Far to the north, having journeyed hard and long across the snow, Gora’s servant Koll the Half-Witted finally came to Swinefell. Here Ospa Blacktooth had his great hall, in which each day a hundred men sat down to meat. Now Koll entered the hall when Ospa was at supper, and looked at him with wide eyes, for he had never seen a man so repulsive. He was huge in stature—his hair was black and greasy and on his lower lip there lay a great black fang. His eyes were small and narrow, but his cheekbones were set wide apart and high, like those of a horse. Koll thought him an ill man to deal with and half a troll, and grew afraid of his errand. 
But as Ospa sat in the high seat with his sword Whitefire on his knee, he saw Koll, and called out in a great voice:


“Who is this foxy looking fellow that creeps into my earth?” 
“My name is Koll the Half-Witted, lord, Groa the Whitchwoman’s thrall. Am I welcome here?” 
“That is as it may be,” Ospa replied round a mouthful of meat. “Why do they call thee half-witted?” 
“Because I love not work overmuch, lord.” 
“Then all my thralls are like brothers to thee. But say plainly now, what brings thee here?!” 
“This lord. It was told among men down in the south that thou wouldst give a good gift to him who should discover for thee the fairest maid in Iceland. So I asked leave of my mistress to come on a journey and tell thee of her.” 
“Then a lie was told thee. Still, I love to hear of fair maids, and seek one for a wife if she be but fair enough. So speak on, Koll the Fox, and lie not to me, I warn thee, else I will knock what wits are left there from that red head of thine.” 
So Koll took up the tale and greatly praised Gudruda’s beauty. He told of her dark eyes and the whiteness of her skin, of the nobleness of her shape and the gold of her hair, of her wit and gentleness, till at length Ospa grew afire to see this flower of maids for himself. 
“By Odin’s beard!” he rumbled, “If this girl be but half of what thou sayest, her luck is good, for she shall be wife to Ospa Blacktooth! But if thou hast lied to me about her, beware! For soon there shall be one knave the less in Iceland!” 
Now a man rose in the hall and said that Koll spoke truth, for he had seen Gudruda the Fair, Asmund’s daughter, and there was no maid like her in all the land. 
“I will do this now,” said Blacktooth. “To-morrow I will send a messenger to Middalhof, saying to Asmund Asmundson that I purpose to visit him at the time of the Yule-feast; then I shall see if the girl pleases me or not. Meanwhile, Koll, take thou a seat among the my thralls, and here is something for thy pains,” and he took off  thin copper ring and threw it to him. 
“Thanks be to thee, Gold-Scatterer!” said Koll. “It is wise to go soon to Middalhof, for such a bloom as this maid does not lack a bee. There is a youngling in the south, named Eric Brighteyes, who loves Gudruda, and she, I think, loves him, though he is but a yeoman of small wealth and little fame.” 
“Ho! ho!” laughed great Ospa, “And I am a well sung slayer of men! Best let not this suckling cross my path, lest men shall call him Eric Holloweyes!” 
And so the messenger of Ospa came to Middalhof the day after Eric had been sent home, and his words pleased Asmund and he made ready a great feast to greet his old ‘viking’ companion. And Swanhild smiled --- but Gudruda the Fair was afraid. 
***
Chapter 4: ‘The Bridegroom Arrives’


Ospa Blacktooth rode up to Asmund’s golden hall of Middalhof on the day before the Yule-feast. He was splendidly dressed, and with him came his two sons, Mord and Gizur the Lawman, along with many armed thralls and servants. Gudruda, watching from the women’s door, saw his face in the moonlight and instantly loathed him. 
“What thinkest thou of him who comes to seek thee in marriage, foster-sister?” asked Swanhild sweetly, watching at her side. 
“I think he is like a hairy troll, and that, seek as he will, he shall not find me! I had rather lie in the pool beneath Cloudland Falls than lay Ospa’s bed!” 
“That shall soon be proved,” said Swanhild. “At least he is rich and noble, and the greatest of men in size. It would go hard with Eric were those arms about him.” 
“I am not so sure of that,” Gudruda replied; “but it is not likely to be known.” 
“Does Eric plan to come to the feast by Cloudland Falls, Gudruda?” 
“Nay, no man may try that path and live.” 
“Then he will die, for your Eric will risk all for you.” 
Now Swanhild’s words greatly angered Gudruda. “If Eric dies,” she hissed, “on thee be his blood! On thee and that dark mother of thine, for ye both have plotted to bring this evil on us! Tell me, foster-sister, how have I harmed thee that thou shouldst deal thus with me?!” 
Swanhild turned white and wicked-looking, for her passion mastered her. “How hast thou harmed me?! I will tell thee plainly. Thy shining beauty has robbed me of Eric’s love!” 
“It would be better to brag of Eric’s love, foster-sister,” Gudruda said with barely controlled anger; “after he had declared it to thee.” 
But Swanhild was too caught up to hear a thing. “Thou hast robbed me the man I love and I hate thee for it! But my revenge will be to deliver thee to the ‘hairy troll’, Ospa Blacktooth! Aye, and in so doing I may yet win Brighteyes for myself! Either way, I shall I never see thee snatch my joy! By the Gods, never! I will see thee dead first! Aye, and Eric with thee! But first, hated foster-sister, I will see thee shamed!” 
While Swanhild’s voice and anger rose, Gudruda’s  lowered and her voice steadied.
“Thy words, Swanhild, are ill-suited to a maiden’s lips. I fear thee not, and never will. Whether thou or I prevail, Eric will never love you, and in the end thou shalt harvest the greatest shame, and in times to come men shall speak of thee with hatred --- and perhaps pity. My one fear is that, in the end, it may well be thou that bring ruin on him. And now I thank thee for tellinh me thy mind, and for showing me what a dark creature thou truly art!” And Gudruda turned scornfully upon her heel and walked away. 
Now Asmund Asmundson went out into the courtyard, and greeted Ospa Blacktooth heartily, though he did not like the man’s evil looks, and took him by the hand and led him to the hall. And Ospa’s thralls brought gifts for Asmund, who thanked the northern lord. At supper time Gudruda came into the hall, and behind her walked Swanhild. Ospa gazed hard at Gudruda’s shining beauty and her greatly desired to make her his wife. But she passed coldly by, and refused to look at him. He grunted and turned to her father. “This then, Brother Asmund, is that maid of thine of whom I have heard so much?! I will say this, old friend; though her greeting could be warmer, fairer to look on was never a woman born!”Then men ate and Ospa drank much ale, but all the while he stared at Gudruda and listened for her voice. But as yet he said nothing of what he came to seek, though all knew his errand. And his two sons, Gizur and Mord, stared also at Gudruda, for they thought her most wonderfully fair. But Gizur the Lawyer found Swanhild also fair, and shifted his interest in the darker sister’s direction. 
And so the night wore on till it was time to sleep.
***
On the same day that Blacktooth arrived at Asmund’s golden hall, Eric Brighteyes rode along the brow of Coldback Hill. He came to Stonefell, where the river falls over the lip into a deep pool far below. But on the edge of the cliff a rock juts up called Sheep-Saddle, dividing the waters of the fall, and over this the spray flies. The great fall is thirty fathoms deep, and shaped like a horseshoe. Yet if a strong man could but gain the Sheep-Saddle rock that divides the waters, he might climb down some fifteen fathoms and scarcely wet his feet.



But then the waters join an fall into the mist shrouded pool far below --- yet there is a crag of rock called the Wolf’s Fang that juts out of the torrent two thirds of the way down, and if a man could reach it, and his heart was bold, he might leap the last twelve fathoms into the spray-hidden pool --- there either to sink or swim as the three Norns decree. 
Now Eric stood for a long while on the edge of the fall measuring everything with his eye. Then he went up above, where the river swirls down to the precipice, and looked again, for it is from this bank that the dividing island-rock Sheep-saddle must be reached. 
‘A man may hardly do this thing; yet for Gudruda still I will try!’ he said to himself at last. ‘My name and honour will be great for attempting this feat --- if I chance to live. And if I die --- well, there will be a sudden ending of troubling after fair maids  --- and all other things.’ 
So he went home and sat silent before the fire. Since Thorgrimur Iron-Toe’s death, Eric’s mother had grown dim of sight, she still sensed that her son was troubled.
“What ails thee, Eric, that thou sit so silent? Was not the meat to thy taste at supper?” 
“Yes, mother, the meat was well enough, though a little under smoked.” 
“Now I see that thou art not thyself, son, for thou hadst no meat, but only stock-fish --- and I never knew a man forget his supper, except he was either distraught or deep in love. What troubles thee, Eric? That sweet, fair-haired lass of Thane Asmund?” 
“Aye, somewhat, mother.” 
“What more, then, son?” 
“Tomorrow, mother, I go down Cloudland Falls, and I do not know if I will survive.” 
When she heard this she moaned and begged Eric to attempt this mad venture. But he would not listen, but kissed her wrinkled forehead, and weeping, she sadly sought her bed. 
The day of the Yule-feast dawned bright and cool, and Eric, having kissed his mother and bidden her farewell, took a sealskin bag full of his best apparel, a good rope, and a staff tipped with iron, mounted his horse and rode along Coldback till he came to the lip of Cloudland Falls. Here he stayed till at length he saw people far below coming up from Middalhof --- and, among them, two women who by their stature were Gudruda and Swanhild, and, near to them, a great, dark man whom he did not know. 
Then he showed himself on the brink of the falls and turned his horse up stream. The sun shone bright upon the edge of the sky, but the frost bit like a sword. Still, he must strip off his garments, so that nothing remained on him except his sheepskin shoes, shirt and hose, and take the water. Now here the river runs mightily, and he must cross full thirty fathoms of the swirling water before he can reach Sheep-Saddle, and woe to him if his foot slip on the boulders, for certainly he must be swept over the brink! 
Eric rested the staff against the stony bottom and, leaning his weight on it, stepped into the fast flowing stream. He was so strong that the stream could not prevail against him till he was more than half-way across and the icy water swept above his shoulders. Now he was lifted from his feet and, letting the staff float, he swam for his life, and with such mighty strokes that he felt little of that icy cold. Down he was swept towards the lip of the fall was but three fathoms away. The green water boiled beneath him, but the corner of Sheep-Saddle was close at hand. If he may grasp it, all would be well, but if not, he would die. 
Three great strokes and he held it! His feet were swept out over the brink of the fall, but he clung on grimly, and by the strength of his arms drew himself onto the rock and rested a while. Presently he stood up, for the cold began to bite him, and the people gathered below became aware that he had swum the river above the falls and they raised a loud shout, for that deed itself was a great one. But now Eric must begin to climb down rocky Sheep-saddle, and this was no easy task, for the rock is almost sheer, and slippery with ice, and on either side the waters rushed by and thundered, throwing their blinding spray about him. 
He looked down, studying the rock; then, feeling himself growing afraid, made an end of doubt and, grasping an edge with both hands, swung himself down his own length and more. For some time he climbed down Sheep-Saddle, and the task was hard, for he was bewildered with the booming of the waters that bent out on either side of him like the arc of a bow, and the rock was very steep and slippery. Still, he came down all those fifteen fathoms and fell not, though twice he was near to doing so, and the watchers below marvelled greatly at his hardihood. 
“The fool will be dashed to pieces where the waters meet!” said Ospa, mead horn in hand and watching with Asmund and the others far below. “He can never gain that small crag sticking out; but if he does and leaps into the pool, the weight of water will drive the young fool down and drown him!” 
“Sadly, old friend, I agree,” said Asmund, “And it grieves me greatly; for it was my unthinking jest that drove him to this perilous adventure, and Iceland cannot spare such a man as Eric Brighteyes.” 
Now Swanhild turned white as death; but Gudruda said: “If great heart, strength and skill may avail at all, then Eric shall come safely down the waters!” 
“Thou fool!” whispered Swanhild in her ear, “How can these things help him? No thick-skinned troll could live in yonder cauldron! Dead Eric is, and thou art the golden bait that lured him to his death!” 
“Spare me thy angry words, foster-sister,” Gudruda answered; “As the Norns have ordered, so it shall be!”



Now Eric stood at the foot of Sheep-Saddle, and within an arm’s length the mighty waters met. Three fathoms under him the rock Wolf’s Fang split the waters, and once he reached there, he could leap into the pool. He quickly unwound the rope that was about his waste, and made one end fast to a knob of rock and the other end he passed through his belt. Swallowing his fear and holding the rope tightly, he lowered himself into the torrent. The force of the rushing water pounded him one way then the other, Gasping for breath, he lowered himself down, bouncing like a ball off the ice slick rocks. The rope slid through his ice numbed hands and he swung inward --- and slammed hard onto Wolf’s Fang --- a place no man had ever stood before.
Eric lay a little while on the rock till his breath came back to him, listening to the roar of the waters. Then, rising on his hands and knees, he crept to its point, for he could scarcely stand because of the trembling of the stone beneath the shock of the fall; and when the people below saw that he was not dead, they raised a great shout, and the sound of their voices came to him through the noise of the waters. 
Twelve fathoms beneath him was the surface of the pool; but he could not see it because of the heavy spray. Nevertheless, he must leap and that swiftly, for his body was already very cold. So Eric stood up to his full height, and, with a loud cry he leapt from Wolf’s Fang. Now all men watching held their breath as his body fell into the heavy mist.
Then he was gone, and the watchers rushed down to the edge of the pool. Swanhild sank upon the ground in a faint, but Gudruda’s face was filled with doubt and anguish. Ospa saw and read the meaning, and said to himself: ‘Odin grant that this youngling rise not again, for the maid loves him dearly, and he is too much a man to be lightly swept aside.’ 
Eric struck the pool and sank like a stone, pushed down by the falling torrent. He touched the bottom, but very gently, and slowly began to rise, and was carried along by the stream. But it was long before he could breathe, and it seemed to him that his lungs would burst. Still, he struggled upwards, ever towards the light, guruda and his fate.
“Farewell to Eric,” said Asmund, “We will see thou bright eyes no more.” 
But just as he spoke Gudruda pointed to something that gleamed, white and golden, beneath the surface of the current, and the yellow hair of Eric rose from the water. He drew a great breath, shook his head like a seal, and slowly struck out for the shallows at the foot of the pool. He found footing, but was swept over by the fierce current, and gashed his forehead, and he carried that scar till his death. Again he rose, and with a rush gained the bank unaided and fell upon the snow. 
People gathered around him in silence, wondering if he lived or not, for none had ever known so great a deed andmany feared his heart had burst. But then Eric opened his blue eyes and looked up, and saw Gudruda the Fair looking down at him --- and he smiled.
***
Chapter 5: ‘Eric Wins Whitefire’


Eric shifted his gaze from Gudruda’s happy face to Asmund’s frowning one. “Thou bade me to come to thy Yule-feast by yonder slippery road, lord --- and I have come. Dost thou still welcome me?” 
“No man better, Eric!” said Asmund, his frown turning to a happy grin. “Thou art a gallant man, though foolhardy; and thou hast done a deed that shall be told of while skalds sing and men live in Iceland!” 
“Kindly make some place, my father,” said Gudruda, “for Eric bleeds.” And she loosed the kerchief from her neck and bound it about his wounded brow, and, taking the rich cloak from her body, threw it on his shoulders, and no man said her nay. 
Then they led him to the hall, where Eric clothed himself from his sealskin bag and rested by the fire. Asmund sent a servant back to Coldback Hill to tell Eric’s mother that he was safe and well, though in truth Eric was weak and the sound of waters roared in his ears all that day. 
***
Now Ospa Blacktooth and Groa the Witchwoman were ill pleased at the turn things had taken; but all the others rejoiced much, for Eric was well liked by all and many would have grieved if the waters had prevailed against his him. 
But Swanhild brooded bitterly, for Eric never turned to look on her once, and only had eyes for Gudruda. 
Soon the hour of the feast arrived and all ate well, and drank much ale and mead, and all were merry --- except Ospa Blacktooth, for though he drank much, his mood grew darker with each horn. It galled him that the eyes of Gudruda ever watched Eric’s face and that they smiled lovingly on each other. He was wroth at this, for he knew that it would cost him far more than he wanted to buy this woman’s body --- for he knew deep in his black heart that he would never win her heart or gain her love.
Such thoughts angered him greatly, and as he sat brooding, unknowingly his fingers loosed the peace-strings of his sword Whitefire, and he half drew it, so that its brightness flamed in the firelight. 
“Thou hast a wondrous blade there, Ospa!” said Asmund, “Though this is no place to draw it. Whence came it? Methinks no such swords are fashioned now.” 
“Aye, Asmund, a wondrous blade indeed!” And Ospa’s dark, piggish eyes brightened, for talking of his legendary sword always warmed his cold heart. “There is no other such blade in the world, for the dwarfs forged it of old, and he shall be unconquered who holds it aloft!” Ospa drained his mead horn and leaned forward, warming to his tale. “I’m told, Asmund, that it was King Odin’s sword, and that the Allfather named it Whitefire. Ralph the Red took it from King Eric’s cairn in Norway, and he wrestled long with Eric’s ghost before he wrenched it from the barrow-dweller’s grasp. Years later my father won it when he slew Ralph the Red . This he could only do because Ralf, being drunk, was foolishly using an axe and not Eric’s magical blade! My father then took the magical blade as war plunder  --- and since then Whitefire has been the last light that many a chief’s eyes have seen! Look at it, Asmund, and see its beauty!” 
Blacktooth then drew the great sword, and men were astonished as it flashed aloft. Its crossbar and pommel were inlaid with wonderous gold designs and runes. So bright was the broad rune covered blade that no one could look on it for long. 
“A wondrous weapon, truly!” said Asmund. “How read the runes?” 
“I know not, nor any man living, for they are very ancient.” 
“Let me look at them,” said Groa, suddenly “For I am skilled in the reading of old runes.” Now she took the sword, and held it close to the fire. The strange letters seemed to burn in the flickering light. “A strange writing truly,” Groa muttered, more to herself than those waiting in the hall. 
“How runs it, housekeeper?” said Asmund. 
“Thus, lord, if my skill is not at fault:

‘Whitefire I am called.
Dwarf folk forged me.
Odin’s sword was I.
Eric’s sword was I.
Eric’s sword will I be again.
And where I fall, he must follow.’

After hearing Groa’s reading of the runes, men muttered and nodded their heads, while Gudruda looked at Eric Brighteyes so lovingly that Ospa Blacktooth became angry. 
“Look not so fondly on the boy, maiden,” he said, “for it shall be another Eric than yon duckling who holds Whitefire aloft --- though it may very well chance that this Eric shall feel its edge!” 
Now Gudruda bit her lip, and Eric flushed red and spoke: “It is ill, lord, to throw taunts like an angry woman. Thou art great and strong, yet I may dare a deed with thee.” 
“Peace, boy!”Ospa growled. “Thou canst climb a waterfall, I gainsay it not; but beware ere thou settest up thyself against my strength. Say now, what game wilt thou play with Ospa?” 
“I will go on holmgang with thee, byrnie-clad or baresark, and fight thee with axe, sword, or spear! OrI will wrestle with thee, and Whitefire yonder shall be the winner’s prize!” 
“Nay! I will have no bloodshed here at Middalhof!” Asmund said sternly. “Make play with fists, or wrestle if ye will, for that would be great sport to see; but weapons shall not be drawn!” 
Now Ospa grinned coldly, and his one black fang was prominent for all to see. “Thou wilt wrestle with me, youngling?! With me ,whom no man has ever so much as lifted from my feet?! Good! I will lay thee on thy face and whip thee greatly! And Whitefire shall be the stake—I swear it on the holy altar-ring!” Then his piggish eyes narrowed and his voice grew cunning. “But what hast thou to set against my precious sword? Thy poor hovel and its lot of land means nothing to me.” 
“I set my life on it; if I lose Whitefire let Whitefire slay me,” said Eric. 
“Nay, that I will not have!” Asmund shouted. “And I am master here in this steading and will be obeyed! Think thee of some other stake, Ospa, or let the game be off!” 
Ospa gnawed his thick lip with his black fang and thought. Then he laughed aloud and spoke for all to hear.“Bright is Whitefire and thou art named Brighteyes. See now, I set the great sword against thy right eye, and, if I win the match, it shall be mine to tear it out! Now young gosling, wilt thou still play this game with me? If thy heart fails thee, let it go; but I will set no other stake against my good sword.” 
“Eyes and limbs are a poor man’s wealth,” said Eric: “So be it. I stake my right eye against the sword Whitefire, and we will try the match to-morrow.” 
“Aye, gosling, and to-morrow night thou shalt be called Eric One-eye,” said Ospa, and many of the great lord’s thralls laughed, but most in the hall did not, for they thought this an ill game and a worst jest. 
Now the feast went on, and Asmund rose from his high seat in the centre and gave out the holy toasts. First men drank a full horn to Odin, praying for triumph over their foes. Then they drank to Frey, asking for plenty; to Thor, for strength in battle; to Freya, Goddess of Love , (and to her Eric drank heartily). When this cup was drunk, Asmund rose again and asked if anyone had an oath to swear as to some brave deed that should be done. For a while there was no answer, but then Eric Brighteyes stood up. 
“Lord,” he said, “I would swear an oath.” 


 “Set forth the matter, then,” said Asmund. 
“It is this,” said Eric. “On Mosfell mountain, over by Hecla, dwells a Baresark warrior of whom all have ill knowledge, for there are few in the south whom he has not harmed. His name is Skallagrim Grmson and  he has brought many to their deaths and robbed more of their goods: for none can stand against him.” Eric paused, looked about him, smiled at Guruda and continued. “Still, I swear this, that, when the days lengthen, I will go up alone against him and challenge him to battle, and either conquer him or fall.” 
“Then, thou yellow-headed puppy-dog,” growled Ospa; “thou shalt go with one eye against a Baresark with two!” 
But few men took no heed of Blacktooth’s words, but shouted aloud, for Skallagrim Grimson had plagued them long, and there were none left alive who dared to fight with him. Only Gudruda looked askance, for it seemed to her that Eric swore too fast. Nevertheless he went up to the altar, and, taking hold of the holy ring, he set his foot on the holy stone and swore his oath, while the feasters applauded, striking their cups upon the board. 
And after that the feast turned merrily indeed, till all men were drunk, except Asmund and Eric. Soon Eric went to his rest, but first he rubbed his limbs with the fat of seals, for he was still sore with the beating of the waters, and they must needs be supple on the morrow if he would wrestle Blacktooth keep his eye. Then he slept sound, and rose strong and well, and going to the stream behind the stead, bathed, and anointed his limbs afresh with seal fat. 
But Ospa Blacktooth did not sleep well, because of all the ale and strong mead he had drunk. 
In the grey-dark of early morning as Eric came back from bathing, he met Gudruda, who had watched for his coming, and, there being none to see, he kissed her often. But soon she pulled back and chided him because of the wrestling match that he had made with Ospa and the oath that he had sworn about the outlaw Skallagrim. 
“Surely,” she said, “thou wilt lose thine eye, for this Ospa is a giant, and strong as a troll; also he is merciless! Still, thou art a mighty man, and I shall love thee as well with one eye as with two. Oh! Eric, methought I should have died yesterday when thou didst leap from Wolf’s Fang! My heart seemed to stop within me.” 
“Yet I came safely to shore, sweetheart, and well does your kisses pay for all I did. And as for Ospa, if but once I get these arms about him, I fear him little, or any man, and in truth, I covet that sword of his greatly. But we can talk more of these things to-morrow. What else troubles thee?” 
Gudruda clung to him and told him all the hate-fate filled things that Swanhild had said.
“She honours me beyond my worth,” Eric said, “but I am in no way set on her, but on thee only, Gudruda.” 
“Art thou so sure of that, Eric? Swanhild is fair and wise.” 
“Aye, and evil! When I love Swanhild, then thou mayest love Ospa.” 
“It is a bargain,” she said, laughing. “Good luck go with thee in the wrestling,” and with a kiss she left him, fearing lest they should be seen. 
Eric went back to the hall, and sat down by the centre hearth. Being still heavy with drink, most were still asleep, but Swanhild glided up to him like a shadow. 
“Thou art indeed greedy for great deeds, Eric,” she said with flashing eyes. “Yesterday thou camest here by a path that no man has travelled, to-day thou dost wrestle with a giant for thine eye, and presently thou goest up against the outlaw Skallagrim Grimson!” 
“It seems that this is true,” said Eric cautiously, for he now mistrusted her greatly. 
“Yet all this thou doest,” Swanhild said, twirling a strand of her long, black hair; “is for a woman who is the betrothed of another man.” 
“All this I do is for fame’s sake, Swanhild. Moreover, Gudruda is betrothed to no-one.” 
“Think you so? Well, I say that before another Yule-feast is spread, Gudruda shall be the wife of Ospa!” 
“That, my childhood friend, is yet to be seen.” 
Now Swanhild stood silent for a while and then spoke: “Thou art a fool, Eric! Nothing but evil shall come to thee from this quest of thine for fame! Forget it --- forget Gudruda --- and pluck that which lies closer to thy thine hand!” she said, smiling at him sweetly. 
“They call thee Swanhild the Fatherless,” Eric said softly, “but I think that Loki, the God of Guile, was thy father, for there is none to match thee in craft and evil-doing, and in beauty only one, Gudruda.” He stepped closer and his voice sharpened. 
“I know thy plots well and all the sorrow that thou hast brought upon us. Stop they evil ways now or thou shalt find but bitterness and empty days, and thy plots shall come back on thine own head.” 
Swanhild laughed coldly. “A day shall dawn, Eric, when thou who dost hate me shalt hold me dear, this I promise thee! Another thing I promise is that Gudruda shall never call thee husband!” 
Eric turned and walked away, fearing lest in his anger he would say words better left unspoken. Swanhild glared after him with a mixture of anger and longing.
***
Soon men rose and sat down to meat, and all talked of the coming wrestling match. But in the morning Ospa repented of the match, for, after a night of heavy drinking men seldom like that in the morning which seemed well enough on yester eve. He saw now that he held Whitefire dear to him above all things, and that Eric’s eye had no worth at all --- except that the loss of it would spoil his beauty, so that perhaps Gudruda might turn from him. He had no fear of losing the match, for he was held the strongest man in Iceland and the most skilled in all feats of strength, but in the sober morning light he realized that there was no fame to be won by plucking out the eye of a deedless man. Some nobles might even think ill of him for doing so,thus it came to pass that when he saw Eric he called to him loudly: “Hearken, thou Eric.” 
“I hear thee, thou Ospa,” said Eric, mocking him, and people laughed. Ospa grinned angrily and said, “Thou must learn manners, puppy. Still, I shall find no honour in teaching thee some. Last night however we made a match in our cups, and I staked my sword Whitefire and thou thy right eye. It would be bad that either of us should lose sword or eye; therefore, what sayest thou, shall we let it pass, youngster?” 
“Aye, Blacktooth, if thou fearest I’ll let it pass; but first pay thou forfeit of the sword.” 
At Eric’s flippant answer Blacktooth flew into a rage and shouted: “Thou wilt indeed stand against me in the ring! I will break thy back anon, youngster, and afterwards tear out thine eye before thou diest!” 
“It may so befall,” answered Eric calmly, “But big words do not make big deeds.” 
Presently the morning light grew strong enough and thralls went out with spades and cleared away the snow in a wide circle. Dry sand was brought and sprinkled on the frozen turf so that the wrestlers should not slip and the snow was piled in a wall around the ring. 
Then Groa came up to Ospa and spoke to him apart. “Knowest thou, lord,” she said, “that my heart bodes ill of this match? Eric is a mighty man, and, great though thou art, I think that thou shalt not prevail over him.” 
“It will be a bad business if I am overthrown by an untried man,” said Ospa, and was troubled in his mind, “And it would be evil moreover to lose the sword. For no price would I have it so!” 
Groa’s reply was fast in coming.“What wilt thou give me, lord, if I bring thee victory?” 
“I will give thee two hundred silver coins.” 
“Ask no questions and it shall be so,” said Groa. 
Now Eric was outside, taking note of the ground in the ring, and presently Groa called to her the thrall Koll the Half-witted, whom she had sent to Swinefell. 
“See you Eric’s wrestling shoes over by the hearth? Go thee now with grease and rub the soles with it, then hold them in the heat of the fire, so that the fat sinks in. Do this swiftly and secretly, and I will give thee three pennies.” 
Koll grinned, and did as he was bid, setting back the shoes just as they were before. Scarcely was the deed done when Eric came inside and made himself ready for the game, binding the greased shoes upon his feet. 
Everybody went out to the ring, and Ospa and Eric stripped for wrestling. They were clad in tight woolen jerkins and hose, and sheep-skin wrestling shoes were on their feet. Asmund was master of the game, and his word would be law to both of them. Eric claimed that Asmund should hold the sword Whitefire that was at stake, but Ospa gainsaid him, saying that if he gave Whitefire into Asmund’s keeping, Eric must also give his eye. The matter was brought before Asmund and he gave judgment for Eric. 
“If Eric yield up his eye into my hand, I can return it to his head no more if he should win; but if Ospa gives me the good sword and conquers, it is easy for me to pass it back to him unharmed.” 
Men said that this was a good judgment. 
The rules for the match were then stated aloud. Ospa and Eric must wrestle thrice, and between each bout there would be a space while men could count a thousand. They might strike no blow at one another with hand, head, elbow, foot or knee. Plus there should be no biting. He who suffered two falls should be adjudged conquered and lose his stake. 
Ospa and Eric said they would abide by the rules, then Ospa drew a small knife and gave it to his son Gizur to hold while he spoke to Eric. 
“Thou shalt soon know, boy, how steel tastes in the eyeball” 
“We shall soon know many things,” Eric answered. 
Now they drew off their cloaks and stood in the ring. 
Ospa was big beyond most men --- and equally as ugly. 



His arms were clothed with hair like the limbs of a goat. Beneath the over-wide shoulders his arms were thicker than a woman’s thigh. His legs also were mighty, and the muscles stood out upon him in knotty lumps. He seemed a very giant, and as fierce and scarred as a Baresark, but still somewhat round about the body and heavy in movement. 
From him men looked at Eric. 
“Lo! Handsome Baldur and the Hairy Troll!” Swanhild said in a mocking tone. “Stepped out of legend to walk among us!” 
Everybody laughed at that, for so it seemed indeed. Ospa was much like unto a great, hideous troll, while Eric was as comely as Baldur, Odin’s second son and the god of innocence and beauty. Eric was taller than Ospa by half a hand and as broad in the chest. Still, he was not yet come to his greatest strength, and, though his limbs were well knit, they seemed but as a child’s against the limbs of Ospa Blacktooth. But he was quick as a cat and lithe, and beneath his golden hair his bright eyes shone like spears. 
Now they stood face to face, with arms outstretched, waiting the word of Asmund. He gave it and they circled round each other with arms held low. Presently Ospa made a rush and, seizing Eric about the middle, tried to lift him, but with no avail. Thrice he strove and failed, then Eric moved his foot and it slipped upon the sanded turf. Again Eric moved and again he slipped, a third time and he slipped yet again, and before he could recover himself he was full on his back and fairly thrown! 
Gudruda saw and was sad at heart, and those around her said that it was now easy to know how the game would end. 
“Did I not tell you,” Swanhild said to Gudruda, “that it would go badly with Eric once Ospa’s arms were about him?!” 
“All is not done yet,” answered Gudruda. “Methinks Eric’s feet slipped most strangely, as though he stood on ice.” 
But Eric was very sore at heart and could make nothing of this matter, for he was knew he was not overthrown by his opponent’s strength. He sat there on the snow and Ospa and his sons mocked him, but Gudruda drew near and whispered to him to be of good cheer, for his luck might yet change. 
“I think that I am bewitched,” said Eric sadly: “My feet have no hold of the ground.” 
Gudruda covered her eyes with her hand and thought, then looked up quickly. “I see some guile here,” she said. “Look carefully at thy shoes.” 
He heard, and, loosening his shoe-string, looked closely at the sole. The cold of the snow had hardened the fat, and there it was, all white upon the leather. 
Eric then rose up in wrath. “Methought,” he cried, “that I dealt with men of honourable mind, not with cheating tricksters! See now! Little wonder that I slipped, for grease has been put upon my shoes—and, by Thor, I will cleave the man who did it to the chin!” As he said it his eyes blazed so dreadfully that men stepped back from him and most women looked away in fear. Asmund, frowning deeply, took the shoes and looked at them. Then he spoke: 
“Brighteyes tells the truth, and we have a sorry knave among us! Ospa, canst thou clear thyself of this ill deed?” 
“I will swear on the holy ring that I know nothing of it, and if any man in my company has had a hand therein he shall die!” said Ospa. 
“That we will swear also,” cried his sons Gizur and Mord. 
“This is more like a woman’s work,” said Gudruda, and she looked long at Swanhild. 
“It is no work of mine,” Swanhild said. 
“Then go and ask thy mother of it,” Gudruda replied quickly. 
Now all men cried aloud that this was the greatest of shames, and that the match must be set afresh; only Ospa bethought of the two hundred in silver which he had promised to Groa, and looked around, but she was not there. Shrugging, he grudgingly agreed to start the match afresh. 
But Eric cried out in his anger that he would let the game stand as it was, since Ospa swore himself free of the shameful deed. Men thought this a foolish thing, but Asmund said it should be so. Still, Asmund swore in his heart that, even if he were worsted, Eric should not lose his eye, not even if swords were held aloft to take it!
Now Ospa and Eric faced each other again in the ring, but this time the feet of Eric were bare. Ospa rushed to get the upper hold, but Eric was too swift for him and sprang aside. Again he rushed, but Eric dropped and gripped him round the middle. Now they were face to face, hugging each other like bears, but moving little. Ospa strove to lift Eric, but could not. Then Eric did the same and they staggered round the ring, tearing at each other till their jerkins were ripped from them, leaving them almost bare to the waist. Suddenly, Eric seemed to give, and Ospa put out his foot to trip him. But Brighteyes was ready. He caught the foot in the crook of his left leg, and threw his weight forward on the Blacktooth’s chest. Backward went the northern lord, falling with the thud of a tree on snow, and there he lay with Eric standing over him. 
Then men shouted “A fall! A fair fall!” And most were very glad, for the fight seemed most uneven to them, and the wrestlers moved apart, breathing heavily. 
Gudruda threw a cloak over Eric’s naked shoulders. “That was well done, Brighteyes,” she said. 
“The game is still to play, sweet,” he gasped, “and Ospa is a mighty man. I threw him by skill, not by strength. Next time it must be by strength or not at all.” 
Now breathing-time was done, and once more the two were face to face. Thrice Ospa rushed, and thrice did Eric slipped away, for he was trying to waste Blacktooth’s strength. Again Ospa rushed, roaring like a bear, and fire seemed to come from his eyes, and  steam went up from him and hung upon the frosty air like the steam of a horse. This time Eric could not get away, but was swept up into that great grip, for Ospa had the lower hold. 
“Now there is an end of Eric,” said Swanhild, half happy, half afraid. 
“The arrow is yet on the bow,” answered Gudruda. 
Blacktooth put out his might and reeled round and round the ring, dragging Eric with him. This way and that he twisted, and time and again Eric’s leg was lifted from the ground, but still he could not be thrown. Now they stood almost still, breathing like bulls, while men shouted madly, for no such wrestling had been seen in the southlands. Grimly they hugged, and their muscles strained and cracked, but they neither could stir each other one inch. 
Ospa suddenly grew fearful, for he could make no play with this youngling! Black rage swelled in his heart. He ground his fangs --- and thought on guile. By his foot gleamed the naked foot of Eric. Suddenly he stamped on it so fiercely that the skin burst. 
“Ill done! Ill done!” folk cried; but in his pain Eric moved his foot. 
And suddenly he was down, but not altogether down, for he did but sit upon his haunches, and still he clung to Blacktooth’s thighs. And then Eric twined his legs about Ospa’s  ankles. Now with all his strength Ospa strove to force the head of Brighteyes to the ground, but still he could not, for Eric clung to him like a creeper to a tree. 
“A losing game for Eric,” said Asmund, and as he spoke Brighteyes was pressed back till his yellow hair almost swept the sand. 
Then the folk of Ospa shouted in triumph, but Gudruda cried aloud: “Be not overthrown, Eric; loose thyself and spring aside!” 
Eric heard, and of a sudden loosed his grip, then, with a swing sideways and a bound, once more he stood upon his feet. Ospa came at him like a bull made mad with goading. They closed and this time Eric had the better hold. Now the two were almost spent; yet Blacktooth gathered up his strength and, mad with rage, hugged Brighteyes till he was nearly pressed to death, and black bruises sprang upon the whiteness of his flesh. Ospa grew madder yet and fixed his fangs in Eric’s shoulder and bit till the blood spurted! 
“Ill kissed, thou rat!” gasped Eric, and with the pain and rush of blood, his strength came back to him. He shifted his grip swiftly, and with his right hand was beneath the Blacktooth’s thigh and his left on the hollow of his back. Twice he lifted and twice the bulk of Ospa rose from the ground, then settled. A third mighty lift so mighty that the Gudruda’s earlier wrapping on Eric’s gashed forehead burst, and the blood streamed down his face --- but great Blacktooth flew up and backwards into the bank of snow, buried there almost to the knees. 
***
The end of the sample.

You can find the rest at
W.Wm.Mee SMASHWAORDS.

https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/WayneMee

Until then, be well & keep reading.
***

