

THE BUBBLED ILLUSION


By
James Aa. Keister


SMASHWORDS EDITION


PUBLISHED BY;
James Aa. Keister on Smashwords


The Bubbled Illusion
Copyright 2014 by James Aa. Keister


Cover:
Self Illustrated
04-05-2014


Dedication:

I would like to dedicate this book to all of you
who have so faithfully read, supported, and
hopefully enjoyed my works in writing. And
for this …. I thank you!
With all sincerity, but know this....
I am far from over. For James I am....
and James I write.


Adult Reading Material


This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to
persons living or dead, or places, events or locales
is purely coincidental. The characters are productions
of the author's imagination and used fictitiously.


Thank you for downloading this free e-book. You are welcome to share it with your friends.
Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated.



Preface

Where will it ever end? Better yet, when? A world gone insane with the lust of over indulgence. Over farming, over polluted, over use of production and all the earth's natural resources. Needed medications, used to the brink of non existence. The sick and dying now lay long in mass graves that never seem to quench their hunger. Not one building or structure had been built in more than half a century. There simply was not enough material to maintain the ones that already existed now. And those were becoming heaps of disarray. Humans crowded together in what was left. Hiding from the world around them, now turned to dust by their own hand. Which only helped to breed disease and famine. Spreading until they had turned on themselves as food. A government crumbling, needing to act fast. So they built what they called, The 'Gardez la foi', a french word that meant, to keep faith. In hopes to preserve the human race.

This 'Gardez la foi', was a series of connected bubble shaped bio domes that were designed to house one thousand men, women, and children. And with every last available resource, the government had at their greedy disposal, they built the 'Gardez la foi' garden houses. More like human aquariums. Aqua cultured bio domes designed to save what was left of a species so determined on self annihilation. Each of the ten gardens were self sufficient, self powered, self sustained. And separate from the others. Each garden bio dome bubbled covered a half square mile circle. Placed side by side, one fused to the next in two rows of five. Nestled in a valley between two mountainous ranges. Somewhere in the far norther territories of Canada. The last remaining region that held any sort of vegetation. Dwindling fast.

The 'Gardez la foi's' were built and those selected were sorted by age, gender, health, knowledge...more over, lack of. Status held no factor in who got selected. Rich and poor were considered equally qualified. Having excellent health earned more favor than all the gold on earth. Even the very young earned their way in. Middle aged and older held very little chance, unless that person had a great deal of knowledge in any field that ended in 'ology' as well as mechanics. And teachers. Which also had their limits. After all, it was all this learned knowledge that had lead mankind to the brink they now stand upon. Certain things were not allowed to be used or taught within certain bubbles, so that each new generation lost the knowledge of what had once been used to bring about such destruction. Some thought to reach for the stars, find a new world, just to find yet another lost failure. Returning with nothing to show for their efforts. So mankind had to look within themselves for answers. Finding but one. One solution. They either annihilate themselves or devolve to a point where they could all peaceably live and learn as they once did thousands of years ago. Back before any sign of alien technology interfered with their development. 

Each 'Gardez la foi' was filled with one hundred men, women, and children. Sealed shut and left to their own devices. Yet they were closely monitored. Ten gardens in two rows of five. Each able to see the others next to them. Each numbered. But a number had no meaning to any of those inside these bubbles. Outside, they meant everything. At least they did for a while. Inside these bubbles one hundred human lives were placed. Garden bubble number One, held only young males, most in their twenties. Bubble Two, held only young females same ages as the males. Three, Four, Five, and Six, held small families. One or two children each. Seven and Eight, held only infant children. Males in one, females in the other. Watched over by two adults. Nine and Ten, held those with the greatest knowledge and wisdom. Totaling one thousand in all. The doors were shut and sealed tight. As those inside, their lives fell into a slow motion picture, while the world outside seemed to speed up. While it all was falling apart out in that same cruel world, those inside these gardens, lived as best they could. Without care, without component.
The bubbled bio domes were constructed of a component designed to with stand even the harshest of weathered conditions. Never fading, never deteriorating. Unable to be broken. A force field untouched as those outside wanted in. Having gone to cannibalism. Searching for food. Human food. Slamming their broken tools at the garden domes. Trying their best to get in at what lay within. With no success. Their world was already predestined. A fate unchangeable. And a government uncaring. As death loomed over their heads. And as their world fell to utter ruin, those left to fight onward, may soon fall to that same fate...death. Until none remained, save those within the bubbles.

Not even those in power would exist. They too may turn in on themselves if they fail to find a solution. Some that were on their way to falling, tried returning to the domes, trying to gain entry. But they had locked themselves out with no way in. The military knew long ago, that this may happen. Which could jeopardize the whole mission. Leaving not one fail safe to save themselves as they too watched their government leaders die at the steps of their own device. Fallen to deaths sleeping. Their skeletal remains stacked in heaps. Knowing the world outside the 'Gardez la foi' would do what it has always done. It began to heal itself. A deadly wound inflicted by a virus that tried to consume it...mankind.


Chapter One

The first few days inside the 'Gardez la foi' domes seemed to fly by like a blur as everyone in their perspective bubbles settled in. they had a half square mile plot of fertile land in which to tend and till. Enough seed to grow what was needed to survive. Fruit trees and some small game. In the center of the bubbles were their living quarters. Rooms built just big enough to sleep in. Lights that automatically came to life, whenever they entered or walked the walkways at night, to light their way. Inside their domes, they had nothing to fear except themselves. And in only four short years, those in the two garden domes numbered Nine and Ten had fallen to just that. Each thinking themselves superior over the others with them. Until an interior war broke out and each dome fell to their own demise. In bubble Nine, they had poisoned their food and water supplies. Then their air filtration system until all fell to death's sad embrace. Inside Ten, they fought with home made weapons. Everyone using what resources there was left and fighting over those until only one took control. Soon to fall to something darker.

In the four bubbles set aside for only families, all but a few fell to the same demise leaving those five domes dark and the other five to try and last. It took only ten more years for the last family unit to over populate itself into utter existence. Their one hundred grew to more than two hundred in no time. Where starvation and cannibalism took over. Leaving their lights to go dark. While inside the other bubbles people stood helpless as they witnessed the deaths of those around them. And with no way of communicating with anyone, in any other domed bubble, they were powerless to stop them. Another five years, the men' dome fell to the same, as did the women'. Whom most vowed to starve rather than to eat one another. Now leaving only the two bubbles, Seven and Eight. The ones that were full of very young children. Much too young to understand what their elders had once knew. Much too young to hopefully avoid repeating what their elders had done. It was then, some fifteen years after the doors had been sealed shut that Axen, who was once a three year old, now eighteen, became the curious boy. He began to search his surroundings. For what? He was still unsure.

“Axen!” Harris, the boy' teacher, called to the boy he had found wandering around the western side of the bubble, where he wasn't supposed to be. Over to where the females lived. “You've got a garden to tend to. I don't understand why your always pacing around the edge.” The teacher who had been assigned to watch over the one hundred boys had said. Now down to a mere thirty or so, due to illness, sickness, injuries, disease, or simple accidents that took the lives of the others. Even losing one of the two teachers assigned. Their number had dwindled. But at the same time, may have very well saved the rest. Being their supplies also dwindled.

“Did you see the other domes?” Axen asked. “There' never any lights no more. Why?” He wanted to understand.

“I'm not sure why. Besides, there's nothing we can do for any of them. We've got only us to look out for.” Harris explained.

I know. But what if we could get over there? Then we could find out what happened.” Axen said.

“Maybe. Or you could get killed or bring back some disease that could kill us all.”

“Yeah, but if you look, you can't see anything but plants. Huge plants with lots of fruit and vegetables we could use over here.”

“Yeah well, we can't get in. It's been tried.”

“Not by me!” Axen grinned.

“Then use that energy to tend your garden.” Harris pointed with authority. Axen sighed and went off to do his chores. But all Axen could think of was how to breach that barrier between bubbles. He could see that all the other bubbles were dark and had gone silent around him except for the female dome next to his. His teacher had questioned him once on how he knew all the domes were dark. He told the teacher that he had set up on top their sleeping quarters during the night and watched for any lights to come on, which never shined. Wondering what had happened to the domes. Not once seeing any signs of life except for the plant life that seemed to over take those enclosures. He would lay up on the sleeping quarters roof and stare up at the stars each night, trying to see beyond the thick foliage that had over grown the outside of the 'Gardez la foi'. The over growth of foliage out along the bubbles perimeters was so thick that it appeared to be nothing but a blackened forest of emerald greens. He was barely able to see the peaks of the mountainous ranges on either side of his circular home.

He got his chores done in record time and disappeared to the farthest reaches of his spherical domain. Over to where the locked door stood between him and bubble number “Five. He had taken with him a few items he thought might be useful. A hammer, a nail, a long piece of thick wire, and a knife. He was determined to find his way inside that dome. Even though he had been warned to stay away from those doors, by the teacher. Axen stood in silence at the door's panel. Glanced over his shoulder to make sure he had not been followed or that no one was coming. He had only a few minutes to work before the teacher did his rounds. Mostly to search for him, and that was only because of his curious adventured displays of wanting to know. Other wise, the teacher cared less to walk the perimeter. So Axen hoped for at least a half hour. Being the evenings meal wasn't for another hour or two and all his chores. Were done. He stood at the doors old control panel and began to push buttons on it's key pad. He would push five numbers and then the enter button. But all he got was an annoying buzz for his failure to press the right combination. He had already began with single numbers, then went to two digit combinations. Then three, four, and now he was on the fives. Using every possible combination he could use on the six digit panel. Now he was in the middle of the five digit combos and was somewhere in his forty thousand, seven hundred, twenty six range which should give some idea of how long he had been at this. But not today.

He had wrote the last number combination he had just used on the end of his long list of numbers he had written on the wall next to the panel. His way of keeping track. Then went to using his knife to unscrew the four screws that held the panel cover to the wall. It took him a few minutes to remove the covering. Grinning at his success, then let frustration take over at what he saw next. There was a maze of wires. What and where they went...was a total mystery. So he traced each one with care. Trying to figure out what each one was for. But he was no electrician. And he had no such luck with this. But he was not going to give up. He replaced the panel cover and finger tightened the four screws back into place. He had used up his allotted time and knew that Harris would be around at any time. So he left his tools over in a corner and tried one more number combination. He punched in the numbers and was about to press enter when he heard Harris' voice calling for him.

“Shoot!” Axen said as he pushed the enter button and ran off for cover in some trees. Slid to a stop behind a tree and lay on the ground as still as a cat watching it's prey. But Axen had never seen a cat. So he had no concept of what such a creature was capable of. He lay watching as the teacher saw his tools and picked them up. Putting them into his pocket. Looked around and paced off. Axen waited until the next opportunity as the man left the area. Most likely headed over to where bubble Nine' door stood, to the far side of the dome. Axen slowly got up. Making sure the teacher had not doubled back, which he was known to do. Ran over to the door and saw a strange light lit up on the panel. Instead of the usual red light, it was now green. Which surprised him. “What to do?” He thought to himself. Staring at the panel. “Did I get the right number?” He asked in a whisper. Then pressed the open door button. Heard a click and felt a gush of foul air hit his face as the door slid open an inch or two. It was stuck and he could not get it to open completely. So he closed it. Hoping the foul scent did not make it's way to the teacher' nose.

Axen headed back to his quarters and lay down. Was almost asleep when he felt his arm being jerked. Almost pulling him from his bed. It was Harris, wanting answers. Axen sat up in his bed, looked around at the face' of his brothers that stared back at him.

“Where you been?” Harris demanded.

“Right here.” Axen shrugged. But Harris laughed. “I don't think so. Besides, you'd be up on the roof at this time of night. You've missed dinner. Now where you been?” He raised his brows. Axen knew he was right.

“I was out doing what I always do...walking.” Axen stated.

“Didn't feel like being up on the roof, huh?” The teacher asked.

“Something like that. I was tired. What's wrong with that?” Axen asked his own question in defense.

“Nothing, I guess. Just isn't like you to act like this. And I hope for your sake, that it is as you say.”

“Why would it be any different?” Axen asked.

Again Harris laughed. “Look around Axen. You are the only one here who looks for trouble to get into. Always defying my rules, my word. Now all of a sudden, you want to be on the straight and narrow.” Harris narrowed his eyes. “Don't let me find out other wise.” He was about to turn. “Oh,” He said as he pulled out Axen' tools and tossed them on the floor. Here's your things. I found them over by Five' door. Wonder how they got there?” The man grinned. Axen shrugged. Harris left the sleeping quarters with heavy steps. After the teacher was gone, it got so quiet he could hear his heart beat pounding in his ears. Looked down at his tools then back up at the others, who sat staring wide eyed.

“What?” He scowled. They all knew that the last boy who defied Harris was beaten to death. Then buried beneath the gardens. And Axen was on that list of...'who's next'.


Chapter Two

She sat beneath an apple tree in all her blond haired beauty. Crunching into the sweet fruit with hungered intent. Staring out at her friends as they worked their gardens they had been growing. Some were picking vegetables, while others carried their bushel baskets to the kitchen. It was a large building just off the sleeping quarters used for preparing food and as a dining area. Every bubble was built exactly the same. She watched the few chickens they had left as they pecked at the ground. It had been almost two years since she had seen any chickens over in the boy' bubble.

“They must have eaten them all.” She was thinking to herself as she took another bite of her apple. Happily chewing away.

“Quelen! You'll get scolded if you don't get back to work.” Miriam told the day dreaming girl. Just turning seventeen. Quelen finished her apple and threw the core at Miriam, who dodged it and paced off. Quelen got up and gathered her basket just in time to miss another scolding by Darlene. Who was the girl's assigned teacher. She too used to have the help of Jolene, her twin sister. But Jolene passed away some years ago. Leaving Darlene to raise and teach the girls everything they would need to know to live and survive.

“Girls!” She called out. “Let's get our baskets to the kitchen. Then I'll need my Alphas to meet me in the school room while you Betas help the Gammas with the cleaning.” Darlene had divided her girls into the three groups, Alphas, Betas, and Gammas to better teach, control, and divide the work load. Each group consisting of twenty-two girls, aging from fifteen to twenty five years of age. Depending on what age they started when the doors were first sealed shut. Having the three groups made life in bubble Eight that much easier. Especially with chores, which Darlene rotated their duties. It kept them from becoming bored.

“Yes Ma'am.” She heard from her girls as they followed one another to the kitchen.

“Quelen.” Darlene called for the girl. “I'd like a word with you.” She waved the girl over.

“Yes Ma'am.” Quelen set her basket of carrots down.

“It's come to my attention that you've been neglecting your work.” Darlene gave the girl a sideways look.

“I'm pretty sure I've done my fair share.” Quelen nodded down at her full basket.

“Yes, I see. But I wonder if I'm not asking enough out of you.”

“What do you mean? You've clearly given me one of the hardest chores. Besides, did who ever tattle...also tell you that I helped Miriam and two other girls to finish theirs as well?” Quelen put her hands on her hips.

“If this is true...I'll see fit to place punishment where it's due. But for now, it lays in your hands. Gather your basket and come.” Darlene paced off. She wasn't a cruel, harsh, or hateful teacher, she simply demanded respect and remained strict with her rules and conduct. She saw what happened in the early years, to the other bubbles, now gone dark. Darlene did not want any of that to happen to any of her girls. It was bad enough to have lost some of her girls to sickness. Somehow lain dormant. Just to break out in full force some years later. It took all she knew to get the girls through it. And she had seen the boys fair less lucky. Their numbers had dropped to merely thirty or so. Where as, the girls held at sixty six. Even Darlene' sister Jolene fell to the sickness. Mounds of dirt and rocks their only reminders of that time. Beneath, lay the remains of their lost sisters. Unlike the boys who chopped up their dead and buried their remains beneath their gardens, the girls chose to bury their dead over by bubble Four. An unused area of their dome.

“Come child.” Darlene said again. Quelen  quickly picked up her basket and followed her. Quelen wasn't worried about what the other girls would say, if asked, or about what she had said about helping the other girls. It was all true. And the one who had tattle tale d on her would finally be exposed. This same girl had gotten Quelen into trouble with the teacher a couple other times. Quelen had tried to figure out who was doing it, but no one would fess up. But now...she would be known for what she was...a tattle tale. And no one liked tattle tales. They were shunned, in a way. Left out of conversations and /or ignored. Which could last for months. Leaving that girl to fend for herself and very friendless. Whoever was tattling was clearly dong it to try and gain favor with the teacher. And Quelen knew this to be just as true. Knowing that the teacher might even try to keep the tattle tale girls punishment quiet as not to expose her. But Quelen had ways of finding things like this out. And she would find out this time.

“Set your basket with the others. And wait here.” Darlene spoke over her shoulder. She disappeared back out the door. She was gone long enough for Quelen to enjoy herself a carrot and another apple. This time she ate the core and all. Darlene re entered the kitchen an hour later. Stood with disappointed narrowed eyes. Staring at Quelen. “I've asked the girls and found your words to be true.” She stated. Quelen smiled with relief.

“Save it!” Darlene raised a finger with her brows. “I've also learned that you were sitting when you were to be working.”

“But I was done!” Quelen stated in despair.

“True! But the rule is...”

“No one is done until all is done.” Quelen recited the rule.

“So for that, you can clean all these vegetables. Least you forget your duties.” The teacher nodded.

“What about?”

“About what?” Darlene looked at the girl.

“Did you punish the one who was telling?” Quelen asked. “It wouldn't be fair to allow someone to lie on another.” She tilted her head to the side.
“You should worry more about you.” Darlene turned to leave then spoke over her shoulder, as she was so good at doing. “For your information...yes. She'll be up all night as will you if you don't get busy.” She said then left Quelen to her chore. Quelen waited for the teacher to leave, then went to a window, hoping to catch sight of who had been doing all this tattling. But what she saw...totally surprised her.


Chapter Three

He lay half in and half out of sleeping. Thinking some very deep thoughts. Thoughts he knew he could never share with any of the others. His train of thought was disrupted when big Lemor began his nighty snoring. Everyone knew to be fast asleep before Lemor began or they'd have to try and fall asleep through the boys roof raising snores. But tonight...Axen only grinned at the noise. He had other thought to occupy his troubled mind. He had found his way into the next bubble and it scared him. Not knowing what to do,Who he could trust to tell, or what was beyond. Glad he had closed and locked the door again. Now that he knew the code to getting in. He lay wondering if that same code worked on all the doors. Each bubble had its four doors. North, south, east and west doors. His own northern door lead to bubble Five. The southern door to Nine and the west door to where the girls were living. The eastern door lead to the world beyond the bubbles. He lay thinking about the next bubble. He knew that in each dome, the place, buildings, and gardens were all lay out exactly like the one he was in. And he knew he could get to whatever he wanted in a matter of minutes. But what creep ed him out was, what he would find, once in there. “Would there be anything worth of value? Food, clothing, tools?” He thought. Nothing else was of any real concern except running into a cannibal. A human being gone to the edge of starvation. A mind gone to the brink of madness. A chance he would have to take. Knowing the risk. Knowing that those people had consumed everything edible. “So there may not be anything left.” He gave thought. But he also knew that it had been years since he had seen anyone in there. And the plants looked to have replenished themselves. That in itself would be worth the risk. And he had to try. Only because those he had grown to know and review as brothers were all close to his age. Now men. And men needed to eat. Needing to consume more than they were able to grow. They had all but eaten the last of their small game. Rabbits, fish, chickens, and the two goats they were given. Which refused to reproduce. So they were eaten. Now they were depleted of any meat, protein, so the boys had to rely on what vegetables and fruits they could produce. And Axen knew that if they could utilize the other bubble and its bounty, they could last a few more years. He jumped up out of bed, crept out the door, and climbed to his perch on the roof. It was a clear sky and full of bright stars. He had gotten to his favorite spot when he heard a familiar voice.

“Can't sleep huh? Got enough earlier I take it?” The teacher spoke.

“Yeah.” Axen answered as he got comfortable, looking up at the starry sky.

“You see that cluster of stars?” Harris was pointing. “There are four stars in a square and three in the middle.”

“I see it.”

“That is Orion. Said to be a great hunter.”

“You know of the stars?” Axen asked.

“I do. And a great many other things.”
“Such as?”

“Hm! Such as...you  breaking Fives code.” Harris turned to see Axen's expression. “I saw you. Smelt the stench. Was pretty bad.”

“Been a lot of years.” Then Axen nodded. “See out there. It's all dark. I remember when I used to come up here and see all the other bubbles light up at night. But now, it's just us and the girls.” He nodded over to where the girls lived.

“I've noticed the same.” Harris said.

“Are you mad at me?” Axen had to ask. Awaiting his punishment for his disobedience.

“No, I'm not mad. Actually I'm kind of glad. Now we can use that plot of land for ourselves. But I don't want to go rushing in. You hear me. We still don't know what's in there.” Harris looked over at the boy. Axen nodded.

“Can I trust that you'll stay our of there until I can figure out what we can do?”

“Yes sir.”

“Good.” Harris got up to leave.

“Sir.” Axen called. “Don't you want to know?”

“I do. And we will. In time. What I want you to do is see if you can unlock Nine.”

“What about Eight?”

“Axen, once we can get into Nine and check it out, see if it is at all usable, we'll try Five and if that works out then and only then will we include the girls over in Eight. We need to take care of ourselves first. They're doing okay for themselves...for now. But!” Harris turned to the boy. “You will need to keep this to yourself. Or...” with no reason to finish. 

“I understand sir.”

“Good. Get some rest.” The teacher left, climbing down.

Axen heard him walking away on the gravel walkway. Then lay back on the roof and stared up at Orion. Grinned to himself. How would he have known that all this trouble he had caused would have lead him to do something worth while. His excited attire would not let him fall to sleeps embrace as he sat staring up. Glanced over at the girls bubble, as he did every night, and was surprised. This night was different. In this night he saw something that took him by surprise. So he stood to his feet. Staring intently over at the small compound that sat in the middle of bubble Eight. Barely silhouetted by a back ground light, stood someone on the roof of those buildings. So he raised his arm high and waved over to whoever it was. She waved back. Which made him laugh. But as the light behind her blinked out, she disappeared. Axen stood staring for a bit longer, then sat back down. Grinning to himself. He was having quite a day filled night as the thought of what the teacher had asked of him ran through his mind.
“Shoot! It took me four years to get that code. I better get started.” He told himself. Then climbed down off the roof and quietly made his way over to the door that connected his bubble to that of Nine. In order to avoid turning on any lights, he had to skirt his way around toward Eight. Crossing close to their door, then around to Nine. All the odd numbers were on his side, the even numbers were on the girls side. He was walking along the side of the bubble when he saw her. She stood there in all her quiet angelic beauty. Staring at him with hungered interest. Axen walked up and stood in front of her. The only thing between them...eighteen inches of transparent aluminum glass. She smiled at him and his heart melted. He knew that the teacher would have had his skin if he knew he were there. Being in this region of the dome was strictly forbidden. As it was for her. She said hi...but he could not hear her words. He could only see her sweet rose colored lips moving. In her hand she held a piece of paper and a pencil. On it she wrote, “Hi! I'm Quelen. What' your name?” Axen tried to tell her but she could not understand what he was saying. So he got a stick and wrote it in the dirt. Again she smiled, turned to look over her shoulder and quickly waved at him as she sprinted off. Axen stood at the glass staring at her as she disappeared into the night. Then saw someone else coming. So he too headed off. Got down to Nine' door and began his work. Running through the series of five digit number combinations. He stood at the panel for more than two straight hours, his finger tips sore from punching in a code, then enter, then writing that filed number on the wall with a piece of charcoal ed wood. He had gotten almost all the way through the zero'. Working only as fast as the panel would allow him. Working at it until his fingers could take no more and his eyes grew too heavy to hold open. Then made his way back toward his quarters. Passing once again, by the place he had seen Quelen. Noticed a note hanging from a branch of a tree that grew next to the glass. It read, 'meet me here tomorrow night. Just after lights out. Bring paper and pen! Ending with a cute smiley face and a large Q. So he took his piece of charcoal ed wood and wrote, OK on the glass. But then realized that he had to write it backwards so she could read it from her side Then raced off to find his pillow softly calling his name.


Chapter Four

Quelen could not sleep. So she climbed up to the roof of her quarters. It was something she had seen one of the boys next door doing and wondered what the fascination was. So she climbed up to the roof and was staring over at the building in bubble Seven. Where she had seen a boy climb up to it's roof. She saw lights on on as a man was walking off. Then saw someone sitting over  on that building. He got up and she waved over to him as he waved at her. Smiling to herself. Then quickly climbed down and ran over to bubble Seven' door. Hoping the boy would do the same. But as she stood waiting, she was about to lose hope when he came walking up. She couldn't help but to stare at his youthful beauty. She had never been this close to a boy...ever! Not in her seventeen years of life. And here they stood mere inches away. She wrote him a note wanting to know his  name. Then wrote it on her paper so she wouldn't forget it smiling at him, but then heard her teacher's voice singing out. The teacher was on her nightly walk. Singing to herself. So Quelen ran to hide. Waited for the teacher to disappear into the shadows. Then ran back to the glass, but her boy angel was gone. He too had vanished. She frowned, then pulled out her piece of paper. Quelen wrote a note and hung it where he would hopefully find it if he returned this way. Then headed back to her own bed. Before the teacher did her nightly checks. Quelen was only up late because of the extra chore she was punished with. But she had gotten it done in no time at all. She lay in her bed almost giggling to herself, which caused her close friend Miriam to stir and whisper in her ear.

“What' wrong?”

“Nothing.” Quelen answered, half giggling.
“What?” Miriam demanded. “What did you do? No! Where did you go?”

“For a walk.” Quelen rolled over to face her, smiling.

“You went over to the restricted area...didn't you?”

“Maybe.” Quelen softly giggled.

“Quelen, tell me! Sh...the teacher!” She said as they quickly closed their eyes and acted as if they were asleep. They waited until Darlene had done her nightly check. Then went off to the bathroom to quietly talk. Quelen told her best friend about the boy she had met at the glass. His name and made her swear with her very life never to tell a soul.

“Oh my gosh Quelen. You were this close to a boy.” Miriam held up her hands. “What was he like?” She wanted to know his every detail. They laughed and giggled for an hour. Then went back to bed. Miriam had fallen back asleep in only moments. Quelen was tired but too excited to sleep. She saw a girl come sneaking in. She lay watching as the sneaking girl used the bathroom and climbed off into her bed. Right then Quelen knew who the tattle tale was. Which was why the teacher had come in to do her check so early. So that Elnos could sneak in undetected. But Quelen saw. And she knew she could use this to her advantage. Letting a coy grin cross her lips. Rolled over and let sleep take over.


Chapter Five

With a new day, Axen awakened late...as usual. But he always managed to get all his chores done long before the others. And he always did his job to where Harris could not find fault in it. Which always made Harris wonder how the boy did it. The teacher had even given Axen more work than the others and the boy still managed to get it done before his brothers. Axen was more a loner than a social light like the others. But he did keep his small circle of friends. More to play the part. Yet never confided in any of them, other than work or play. His personal thoughts and misdeeds were his own and he did not share them so easily with anyone.

“ A thinker!” Harris always said. “And a trouble maker.” But the teacher had to admit, the boy was clever. And a strong asset. So he gave Axen a wider margin then the others. More than he would ever allow. And as long as Axen believed he was on the 'who's next' list, the teacher could keep the boy under control...somewhat. He had even thought to lock the boy over in bubble Nine to see how he would fair. But knowing his luck...the boy would either escape or do better than expected. So Harris decided to do the next best thing. Which was to give the boy what he wanted. In a way. A chance to investigate bubble Nine for food and supplies. Which were highly needed. The 'Gardez la foi' bubbles were designed to only last ten years, then reopen automatically. But somehow, that never happened. And the military refused to intervene. And here some fifteen years, four months later, the doors were still sealed shut. Food was depleting to a bare minimum. So letting Axen over into the next bubble, was a risky chance, but a needed risk. And if the boy was clever enough to get one door open, then who' to say he couldn't open them all. But Harris had to take into consideration...was there any diseases floating around the other bubbles? Were there any cannibalistic survivors in there staying hid from view? Awaiting escape. This would be Axen' chance to find out and really prove himself. So the teacher sent the other boys out to do their chores, while he and Axen went to bubble Nine' door, which Axen had worked on all night.

Axen punched in the series of numbers and heard the doors locks disengage. Saw the green light go on and pushed the open button. The door slid open a few inches. So the two men pried it open as far as they could. Then stood staring at each other.

“Here' your chance Axen. Be careful.” Harris said as he handed Axen a knife. “Use this only if you have no other choice. Take a good look around and report back. I'll wait here for your return.”

“You don't want to come?”

“If I go, then who'll open the door if that same code doesn't work over there?”

“Good point!” Axen slipped through the narrow gap with excited intent. Waited until the teacher had closed the door and was off on his adventure. At first, Axen moved with slow steps. Then ran for the building. He could see the rows of plants that had over grown their given areas and blurred into the next. All were ripe and heavy with fruits. But he had no time for such things right now. He noticed that all the fish in the pond were floating belly up or dead on the shores. Smelled the sulfuric almond scent that lingered in the air and used the collar of his shirt to cover his nose and mouth. Ran to the first building he came to and took a look around. Went in and found nothing but rotted flesh and bone. So he closed the door. “Now I know where the stink comes from.” He told himself, then went to the kitchen. There he found some supplies. Thought to take them but left them. They could be gotten later. He did how ever, find something he had not known existed. Wasn't sure what it was but it looked important, so he took the long tubular thing with him. Tied a long piece of string on either end and slung it over his shoulder. Searched each room, finding books, scrolls, and a lot of scattered papers that made no sense to him. Written in some foreign language. Found a chemistry lab and all its test tubular components. Afraid to touch any of it, he left and headed over to the supply hut. Found a few usable things and a lot of broken dishes. Shook his head, then headed back outside. He was walking over toward bubble Ten' door when his eye caught movement. His knife came up quick as he squatted to the ground behind a tall tomato plant. Heavy with bright red fruit. He sat watching as something white came moving in on him. He could hear it shuffling through the plants. Ready to pounce, Axen waited for the right moment. But just as he was about to strike, the white rabbit hopped on by him, undeterred. Axen breathed a sigh of relief and stood to his feet. Looked over his shoulder at the buildings, then turned back toward door Ten.

When he got to the door, he noticed that it was raining. Took a glance at the top of the dome and saw the heavy rain outside, pouring down over the thick glass. Turned to see that same rain coming down inside of bubble Ten. He looked up at it's dome and saw the huge hole that had been made in that dome. Like someone had cracked it wide open like an egg. The rain pouring in over the over grown plants that had went wild. A few birds flew around, looking for shelter from the rain in the buildings. As insects rose to take flight from the down pour that stirred them. Inside of bubble Nine, there were no insects, no birds, save the chickens they ate in his own bubble. So this was strange to him. He looked the doors panel over a few times. Saw that the red light was blinking. Which he had no clue as to what it meant. He tried to punch in the same code that opened the door to Nine that he had entered from, heard a beeping and the light flashed again. So he pushed the red lights button and heard a females voice telling him that the dome could not be entered due to a breach in the complex. The red light went back to flashing.

Defeated, he headed back to Seven' door so he could report what he had found to Harris. Saw his bunny eating a carrot  he had managed to dig up out of the ground. Sitting on it's hinds chewing away at the piece of vegetable. Looked over at Axen and went back to it's chewing. Paying the human no mind. Axen got to the door and saw Harris sitting by an apple tree eating an apple. Punched in his code and shoved the door open. Closed it and went over to join the teacher. Pulled an apple from the tree and sat down.

“What did you find?” Harris looked over.

“A lot. There's so much food growing. But nothing in the supply room. Dead bodies in the dining room. Looks like they were eating themselves. Just like you thought. Just like when you saw that man eating a hand.”

“What about the water?”

“No good. All the fish are dead. Smells like one of our nut trees. Like those water drop nuts we grow.”

“You mean, the almonds?” Harris guessed.

“Yes.”

“You didn't try to drink any, did you?”

“Nope. Just looked around.”

“Good. I think that someone over there must have poisoned the water. Did the plants look fine?”

“Yeah, they're all full of fruit.”

“Hm!” Harris put a hand to his chin. “Did you eat any?”

“Nope, but I saw a rabbit eating a carrot.”

“Good then. At least the food's good.” Harris smiled. Axen told the teacher what he had found in the quarters and showed him the long tubular item he had taken from there. “Found this. It looked important.”

“Oh, hey! Nice find.” Harris looked the thing over.

“What is it?” Axen asked.

“It's a telescope. Helps you to see things that are far away. Like your stars.”

“Really?” Axen was amazed.

“Yes, here, look through this end. You can see the boys working over on the far side.” Harris showed him how to use the telescope.

“Can I keep it?” Axen asked as he stared through the lens.

“You found it. You can keep it.” Harris said. Axen was excited.

“We'll get some boys together tomorrow, And go in, clean the place up. It'll be hard work, but when it's done...we'll have more than enough food. Did you have any luck with bubble Five' door?”

“Not a problem sir. All the codes are a little different. Just have to find the right one. I even went to bubble Ten' door, but a girl told me that there was a breach and the door couldn't be opened. So I looked in there and saw that the whole top of the dome was broken. Rain was coming in and all the plants were growing out of control, growing out of the cracks. Looks scary in there.” Axen explained.

“How about we concentrate on Nine for now, then we'll work on Five. One dome at a time.”


Chapter Six

Quelen was awakened as Miriam refused to stop shaking her until she was awake. Wanting to relive their conversation they had had the night before. Quelen rolled over and wiped the sleep from her eyes.

“Mir...what?”

“Get up, sleepy head. It's time for the morning meal. And I have to tell you something.”

“What?” Quelen asked as she sat up. Thinking how bad she needed to use the restroom rather than conversing with Miriam.

“Get up first. We'll eat and I'll meet you there.” Miriam stopped as she ran off. Quelen knew that she wanted to meet in their secret place. So Quelen got to her feet and stumbled like a drunk to the bathroom. Walked in and ran into Elnos. Who looked just as tattered as she did from their late night out.

“You look a little tired El.” She told the girl who gave her a sour look.

“I could say the same for you.” Elnos said as she pushed past her. But Quelen laughed.

“I look like this every night. Every morning. What's your excuse? Oh wait! I know.” Quelen paused for a long moment. “Punishments a real drag, huh?” Then turned to find Elnos glaring at her. “Yeah, I know. I've always known. Not sure if the others do or not. But I do.” Quelen could see the panic flush through the girl. She paced over to the panic stricken girl, looked her eye to eye and smiled. “I'm not going to mention any of this to anyone, well, unless I have to. But know this.” She paused to let it all sink in. “I own you. Do you understand.” She raised her brows. Elnos had no other choice but to nod her head in shame.

“Good. Go eat your morning meal. Act as if nothings wrong. And from now on...you tell me, what's going on instead of going to the teacher. Got it?” Again Elnos nodded. Quelen turned and headed back to the bathroom. She heard Elnos leave the quarters and grinned to herself. She had no real intention on using the girl. But as long as Quelen knew the girl knew...then maybe it would detour Elnos from tattling. Once Quelen had eaten and got to her chores, she found Darlene standing with a shovel in hand, awaiting her. Quelen knew what it meant when the teacher held out a shovel. It meant that another of her sisters has passed away. An illness they could not quite seem to conquer. It would rare up every now and again to take hold of one or another girl. Most fair ed well but on occasion, it would claim one of them. Quelen shook her head in grief, took the shovel from Darlene and waited for the teacher to tell her who it was. Somehow, it had become Quelen' job and duty to bury the dead. Unlike the boys who would chop up their dead and use them for fertilizer, the girls had a grave yard. It was in a restricted area, which was why Quelen liked going there.

“It was Sarlop.” Darlene told her.

“What about little Herchi?”

“She's still sick, but not as bad as Sarlop was. I think Herchi will make it through okay. I'm sorry about Sarlop. I did all I could do to save her. We just don't have the medicine we need. She passed in her sleep. I found her this early morning.” Nothing more was needed to be spoken of as Quelen took the shovel and paced off.

“I'll come get her when I've finished.” She said over her shoulder. When she got out to the grave site, she fell to her knees and wept. Her heart broken and painfully scarred. Sarloop was like a little sister to her. As was Herchi. She threw her shovel to the ground and buried her face in her hands. Letting her tears fall. Too strong and proud to let any of the others see her break down. She dried her eyes and went to work digging her little sisters grave. Was almost  done when she caught sight of movement. Looked up to see Axen at the glass. She could see the sadden look on his face. It was as if he knew. She tried to straighten herself up a little. Thinking how horrible she must look right now. But saw the paper note he was holding up. It read, “Lose someone?” She nodded as he wrote something else. “I'm sorry for you. We've lost almost seventy of ours. Sickness!” Again she nodded. Then pointed to herself as if to say, 'me too'. He then wrote to tell her that he had found away into bubble Nine and would one day find his way into where she was. She smiled through her sadness, heard Darlene calling, and shooed him away So he left. Quelen quickly went back to work. When Darlene walked up, she looked the hole over.

“That should be fine, Quelen.” Then reached down to help Quelen up out of the grave.

“Every time I dig one of these, I wonder if I should go ahead and dig one for myself. Who would do it for me? If I died?” Quelen questioned.

“I will.” Darlene told her. “Come help me get Sarloop before the others find out. You know what they'll do.”

“Yes Ma'am.” Between the two of them, they carried the child' body to the grave and lay her to rest. Covered her with a dirt blanket and knelt to say a last word. Then headed back to finish helping the other girls with the gardens. Above them the sky out beyond the bubbles flashed with lightning. And a thunder they could not hear, but could feel a slight rumble. They could see the rain like tears pouring over their glassy enclosure. Quelen looked up as a streak of lightning cracked the sky and wonder ed if this dome was her grave. Only difference was that...she had not yet passed. She felt Miriam bump her arm. Turned to find the girl staring inquisitively at her.

“What?” Quelen asked.

“Quelen. Tell me more about...” Miriam grinned at her.

“Well, I saw him again.” Quelen grinned back. Miriam pulled her away from the others.

“When?” She whispered.
“An hour ago.” She shrugged. “I was,” She stopped. Not wanting to mention Sarloops death. “I sneaked to the restricted area. I saw him at the glass.” She whispered back. “He told me that he found his way into bubble Nine. And, he's gonna try to get in here. To us.”

“No way!”

“Yes.”

“A wha...” Was all Miriam could say.

“You better keep this to yourself.” Quelen warned the girl.

“Oh, I will...promise!”

“Good. Let's get back to work. We'll talk later.” The girls got their chores done and had a couple hours of free time. So they met up in their secret place to talk.


Chapter Seven

Harris had given Axen free reign of the doors. More out of curiosity. Not realizing that the boy had been working on the girls door as well. It took him all of a week to open dome Five' door. But Axen ran into a problem. It was just as Harris had feared. Five was one of the family units, thought to have died off due to over farming and ending in cannibalism. And Harris was right. Axen had figured out the code but each time he went to the door, he was greeted by a pack of wild children. Most were younger than himself. Skinny, as if malnourished. Wild ravenous eyes, baring their teeth stained in blood. Ten children in all. Clawing at the glass in hopes to get at Axen. He had no other choice but to tell Harris what he had found.

“I've found the code for door Five, but,” Axen paused, “We have a slight problem.”

“What? Can't get the door to open?”

“Oh, it opens fine. But it's what' on the other side that's a problem. Cannibals!”

“How many?” The teacher asked.

“Ten, from what I counted. All younger than myself. But they look...crazy. Naked and very dangerous.”

“They usually are. You and I can't fight them all alone. And right now, none of the others are ready to do battle either. Tell you what. Use that telescope of yours to look around in there. See if it's even worth going into. You know what to look for. Fresh water, food, that sort of thing. Then we'll decide what to do.” Harris told the boy. Axen nodded and ran off to do his new assignment. He brought back his telescope and found a tall tree near the glass to climb. Lay his telescope in the crouch of a branch and began to search the bubble over. He found that they had torn most of the garden crops out of the ground. The pond looked to be dirty and full of murk, but saw that they were drinking from it. The quarters were torn to shreds and a pile of bones lay scattered across the grounds as the children picked through them. He saw one of them stub his foot and was limping. Which the others cued in on. They attacked, Killed, and began eating the wounded one. Axen sat watching in horrid fascination. Shook his head and turned his telescope over toward bubble Four. It looked as if the rabbits and chickens had over populated themselves. “A valid food source.” He thought to himself. But the only way to get to them was either through these cannibals or through bubble Eight. Beyond Four, Five, Axen could see nothing definitive. So he headed back to give his report. He found the teacher in the kitchen helping with the days meal. Pulled Harris off to the side and told him what he had found inside bubble Five.

“That's too bad. They'll eventually kill themselves off.”

“We can't help them?” Axen asked.

“No. Being they're so young, they probably grew up that way. It's all they know to do. And we don't need them to turn on us.”

“Oh, I found that over in Four, the rabbits and chickens have become...many!”

“How many?”

“A lot!” Axen nodded. “Enough to last for ...years!” He stated.

“Really! The only way to get to them is through Five.”

“We could always go through Eight, down through Six, to Four. Might be safer. But we would have to take care of the girls too.” Axen explained.

“What did you see in Six?”

“Looks empty. Lots of plants with fruit. Just like I found in Nine. I couldn't see inside Three, Two, or One. Three has black glass like someone made it turn dark. One and Two are too far to see into from here.”

“Good, good. Then it looks as if we'll have to include the girls.” Harris said. “But there will have to be some very strict rules put into place. Ones you and the girl you have been seeing will have to adhere to.” Harris raised his brows.

“How did you know?” Axen was surprised. He had thought he was careful.

“You're not the only one who can't sleep at night. Or who likes to sneak around in the dark. I used to be in the military back before I became a teacher.” Harris gave him a grin.

“So when can I open the girls door?”

“When I've got my rules written out. And we'll need all the medicine we can find from Nine. Can you do that?”

“Yes sir.”

“Good. How long do you think it will take you to get into Eight?” Harris asked.

“About twenty seconds...why?”
“You mean?”

“I've already cracked it. I think I've got them all figured out. After figuring out Nine and Five, I tried my theory on Eight and found it worked.”

“Tell me you haven't been over there!”

“No sir.”

“Good! Looks like I better get to work on those rules.” Harris paced off. Axen took his telescope up onto the roof and sat staring over at Quelen as she worked. Saw her giggling with another girl. Then saw her talking to an elder woman who handed her a shovel. Saw Quelen headed his way and he ran to meet her at the glass. When he got there, he could see her digging a hole. He knew that it was a grave. Someone over there must have died. And his heart went heavy for her. Saw tears on her cheeks as she dug. When she finally noticed him, he tried to give her a sympathetic smile. Then wrote her a few notes on his pad of paper until she waved him away. So he headed off to bubble Nine to gather what medicines he could find. Even though he knew the teacher would have the boys all head over to gather what supplies they could find in the marrow. Axen had a plan in mind. But then knew that, if he did that which he planned on doing, he could jeopardize them all. He was frustrated with it all. Stomping off. Made his way into Nine and found something to carry the med s back in. Searched each  quarter room for more and picked up a few memento’s as he went. Pocketed the trinkets and made his way back home. Found his bunny friend following him. So he let it in and watched it as it ran off to discover it's new surroundings. Smiled and headed to the teachers quarters with the medicines. Found Harris sitting in a chair reading an old book. In that language Axen had seen before but could not read. Set the bag of goods down on the man' table.

“Let' see what you've got here.” Harris said as he got up from his chair and came to the table. He began pulling out the items.

“I went through every room to find this stuff.”

“I see. And you've done good. You found exactly what we need. This here.” Harris held up a large bottle of white pills. “Is what' going to save the girls.”

“What is it?”

“It's an old drug called, penicillin. It's an antibiotic that can counter the bacteria that's making the girls sick. It'll help us as well. And this other stuff will help as well. Good job Axen.” Harris praised the boy. They sat talking a while longer, then Harris sent Axen on his way. Letting the boy know that they were in for a very busy day come morning. So Axen got to bed early. Something he wasn't accustomed to doing.


Chapter Eight

Quelon looked for Axen each and every day. But for the better part of a week, she saw no sign of him. She was worried that something had happened to him. Yet there was nothing she could do. Another of her sister' had fallen ill. Herchi was still recovering from her bout. It was at the end of it's cycle. And it was at the end of yet another week before Quelen caught sight of something at the door that lead into the boys bubble. She ran over to the package that sat by the door with a note that read; 'Quelen, take this to your teacher. Tell her to give it to anyone who is sick. Tell her to meet us here in one week. We'll talk more then. Miss you, Axen.' She looked the note over, then read it two more times. Opened the wrapped package and found a gallon jug of water with another note tied to it's handle. She scooped it up and ran back to find her teacher. Darlene was in with the two girls that had fallen ill. Trying to comfort them best she could.

“Teacher!” Quelen called. “Please, don't be mad at me. But I found this.” She set the gallon jug down on the table. Then handed her the note that was attached to it. Darlene read the note. It instructed her on how much of the penicillin to administer.

“Where did you find this?” Darlene glared up at the girl. So Quelen handed her the other note Axen had written. She read the note and quickly stood up. Looked over at Quelen.

“Please don't be mad!” Quelen pleaded.

“I'm not, I'm...” She stopped. “How did they get in?”

“Axen told me he was gonna find a way in.”

“You talked to him?” Darlene narrowed her eyes.

“Only through the glass. With notes. I'm sorry!”

“It's okay. Go get me a spoon.” Darlene gave the two sick girls a couple spoonfuls of the liquid. And in only days, they were back on their feet. The teachers met at the door at the appointed time. Darlene wanting to thank the other for saving her girls.

“Mr. Harris.” Darlene greeted.

“Miss Webber.”

“Please call me Darlene.” She told him.

“How are things in Eight?” Harris asked.

“Not so good. We're about depleted. We've cut our meals down to two meals a day. And my girls have been getting sick more often. Thank you for the penicillin.”

“Did it work?”

“Yes, like a charm.” She answered.

“Good, wasn't sure if the water would dilute it too much or not.”

“No, it was perfect. Thank you.”

“Thank goodness for chemistry class. Listen, we've been able to make our way into bubble Nine. Axen here, checked Ten but it's cracked open. Can't get in.” Harris explained.
“What about the others?” Darlene asked.

“We checked some of them too. Found that Five has a group of cannibal children in it.”

“You didn't let them in did you?” She asked in concern.

“Of course not. They're locked safely in and they'll remain there. I figure they've grown up that way. Uneducated and wild. Maybe no help for them.”

“We found a lot of food in Six, but we would need to go through Eight to get to it. Being Five is not assessable.” Axen put in.

“What about us?” Darlene glanced over her shoulder. 

“Well, I've been giving this all a lot of thought.” Harris began but then began to speak in another language he and Darlene knew the kids could not understand. “This whole government experiment was only supposed to last ten years. It's been more than fifteen now. No one's come to check in on us. I fear the world outside is...lost. Or worse. But in here we can make it if we pull all our resources together. Work together and.” He handed her a list of the rules he had written out. “We keep these kids under some kind of control. So we don't over populate ourselves. I believe we can make it.” Harris explained then switched back to the language Axen knew. “Axen here, knows how to open the other doors which we can leave open and work all the gardens.”

“I even found a bunch of rabbits and chickens in Four. Lots of food for us all!” Axen proudly said.

“And lots of rules!” Harris added. Which caused Quelen to giggle.

“That means you too young lady!” Darlene added.

“So what do you say Miss...I mean, Darlene?” Harris asked.

“Sounds good. Let me read through these rules you've written. I'll add my own and give you a copy. Once we can come to an agreement, we can open doors. I'll meet you here in one week.” She said.

“Agreed!” Harris stood staring as the girls paced back through the door. But then Quelen ran back and gave Axen a hug. Ran back for the door and waved. Axen closed the door, turned to find Harris staring at him. So he gave him a shrug of his shoulders.

“What? She likes me.” He grinned.

“I knew you were trouble. Her too!” Harris turned and paced off. “Next week we'll bring them some food.” He said over his shoulder. Not waiting for the boy to catch up. “Think you can get one of these outside doors open?” He asked.

Axen caught up. “I've tried. They have some sort of code I'm not too sure of. It's a guessing game right now. And the combinations are endless. Could take years. If I'm ever able to figure it out.” Axen stated.

“Keep trying. We've got our whole lives.”

“Yes sir.”

“Oh, and do me one more thing.”

“What's that?”

“Wipe that smile off your face.” Harris laughed.


Chapter Nine

“Well that went good.” Darlene stated as she and Quelen walked back to the quarters. “But what should I do about you?” She asked the girl.

“What do you mean?” Quelen was puzzled.

“You defied my rules. You exposed your little secret and told me that you have been going into the restricted area. A number of times.” Darlene gave her a look. “You hugged a boy, and...” the teacher stopped. Letting the girl squirm a little. “But,” she turned to face the child, “You did save your two sisters. So..I guess I can over look this, just the once. But from here on out...there will be strict rules, which you 'will' abide by...or else!” Darlene narrowed her eyes. “Now go find the others. Let them know I've got an announcement to make.” She went one way while Quelen went off in another direction. The first person Quelen found was her best friend Miriam who was with little Herchi. They gave hugs all around and talked a few moments. Then split up to spread the news. It spread until every girl was awaiting their teachers presence. The room was abuzz with chatter until Darlene stepped into the room. Then it went silent. Every ear wanted to hear every word the woman was about to say. And as the teacher told them about the days events, they cheered and laughed. Hugging one another. Then booed as the teacher told them that there would be strict rules. But they had no other choice. So they accepted the terms. Then were sent back out to finish their chores. Which they did with excited hearts.

And as the days pass by, awaiting the day the boys invaded their domain, the girls spent every morning dolling themselves up. Just in case, today was that day. But it was more than a month before that day came. It was important for the two teachers to get their rules set in place. Punishments figured out for any offenses made against these rules. Harris knew he had to keep his, 'who's next' list just for the sole purpose of keeping Axen under control. But once that day came, Harris marched his boys into the female bubble. Then sent Axen off to the bubble Six door to investigate it as he had done with the other bubbles. Axen found a small hand full of girls were following him. Guess they deemed him as some sort of hero, and they were all curious to watch him in action. Knowing all too well he was Quelen' man and they did not want to feel her wrath. So they giggled as they watched him work. He climbed a tall tree and used his telescope to search out the adjacent dome. Found it to be clear of any cannibalistic beings and well endowed with fruitful vegetation. So he climbed down and opened the door. Felt the usual gush of air that was always present due to the different air pressures in each bubble. Smelled the sweet scent of clean air and went in.

The girls stopped at the doorway. Too afraid to enter. After a few minutes, he returned. His shirt was curled up in a basket shape. Full of huge red ripe apples. Which he passed out to the girls. Left the door open and headed off to let their teachers know what he had found. 

“I left the door open. The air is a lot fresher than it is over here. And there's nothing in there to hurt anyone. The pond is clear and full of fish. No rabbits or chickens. They must have eaten them all.” Axen reported.

“Did you find any bodies?” Harris asked.

“Just one. The rest, he must of buried. I'll bury the remains tomorrow.”

“Good, we can harvest the crops tomorrow too.” Harris slapped the boys shoulder. “How about the next dome?”

“I looked in. But didn't go in. Once I open that door, we'll get flooded with animals. Do you think we should build some sort of cage, or fence, or something?”

“Why? I think we should let them run where ever they want.” Darlene put in.

“Fine with me.” Harris agreed. “As long as everyone understands that they are food, not pets. Then they can run free.” He said. “Axen, you can let them out after we've all harvested Six. Then I want you to check Four and see what you can find in Three, Two, and One. Report before you enter. Got it?”

“Yes sir.” Axen answered. “Can I have your permission to bring...”

“Quelen?” Darlene stepped in.

“Yes ma'am.” Axen turned to her. “After all, a bunch of the girls have been following us. Guess they think I'm some hero or something.” His words made the two teachers laugh.

“You...a hero!” Harris laughed. “That is funny!”

“Regardless, whether or not it's true...No!” Darlene went serious.

“No what?” Axen queried.

“No, you can't take the girls with you. But.” She narrowed her eyes. “If you can promise me that you'll be on your best behavior, I will allow only Quelen to accompany you. After all, the other girls consider her a hero as well. Her disobedience saved two lives. I fear she's a lot like you are. And would just sneak off with you despite what I say. So take her with you. But she's your responsibility. You watch over her, protect her, you hear me?”

“Yes Ma'am.” Axen nodded.

“Good, now get out of here. Go rest.” Harris sent him on his way so he and Darlene could finish going through their rules. Speaking in that tongue neither Axen nor Quelen knew. Making their plans on how to divide up the added chores. Joining forces. Axen headed off toward his quarters when he was suddenly stopped by Quelen. Who had wanted to know what he and the teachers had talked about. Then followed him to the boys side of the bubbles. He helped her up onto the roof. Showed her his telescope and how to use it, as they lay on their backs staring up at the stars. Talking and laughing.

“You know, your teacher allowed me to take you with me tomorrow.” He said.

“Where?” She sat up. He had peeked her curiosity.

“Well, my teacher wants me to go and investigate bubbles One, Two, and Three.”

“We're going in?” She excitedly asked.

“Nope! Just gonna look. Use this telescope to look around. Then if Harris thinks it's safe, he'll send us in.”

“Have you ever tried to get out the other doors? The ones that lead outside?” She questioned.

“To the outside world?”

“Yeah.”

“I've tried, but those doors are harder to figure out. They use another kind of code. One I haven't figured out yet.”

“Me either.”

“You've been trying to get one open?”

“Yeah, but all it does is beep.” She stated.

“Beep? You got it to beep?”

“Yeah. I'll show you tomorrow.”

“Good. Let me get you home before we get ourselves in more trouble.” He was saying when she kissed his cheek. Then burst out in laughter.

“What?” He asked, confused.

“When don't I get into trouble?” She laughed. Axen could only grin at her. He too could ask the same question.


Chapter Ten

Miriam had to shake Quelen hard just to get her to stir. The girl had been up late again.

“Get up sleepy! Or you'll get in trouble!” Miriam yelled at her. “Axen is outside waiting.” She softly said. Just the sound of his name caused her to jump up out of bed. She ran to the bathroom and came out twenty minutes later. Primped and pretty. Miriam laughed the whole time, knowing she had fooled Quelen into thinking Axen was outside. But as the two of them walked out the door, they found Axen standing there. Which totally surprised Miriam. While Quelen threw her arms around him and hugged him tight.

“See!” Miriam tried to act as if she knew it all along. But she didn't.
“Let's go girls. The teachers want everyone at the dining hall.” Axen told them. In the dining hall, everyone sat and listened as the two teachers went through the new set of rules, as well as the consequences for breaking them. Then made each and every child sign a waver of agreement. Fed everyone and headed them off to bubble Six to begin their harvest. It was almost sundown when the last kid had left the neighboring bubble with their full baskets of vegetables. Axen took Quelen' hand and they raced off to bubble Four' door. Where there was an explosion of bunnies and chickens. Quelen had brought two baskets with her so that they could gather chicken eggs.

“Ready?” He asked her.

“Look at them all!” She stared. Axen  punched the code into the key pad and opened the door. A whiff of air came gushing out as the smells of animals over took their noses. Quelen scrunched up her nose at the foul odor. Axen just grinned and pulled her inside.

“You'll get used to it. You should have been there when I got into Nine. It was even worse with all the dead bodies I had to bury. Rotting for years.” He told her. Then took her hand. The bubble was clearly over run with fowl and vermin. They were everywhere and in everything. Running out of control. As Axen was instructed to do., he left the door open so that the creatures could migrate into the other usable bubbles. They left the critters to their own while he and Quelen went about the task of gathering eggs. Which they found the most of inside the living quarters. Where the chickens had used the beds as nesting posts. Eggs lay in piles of two or three on the beds. Floor, or anywhere the chickens could find to lay them. The two of them gathered as many as they dared to carry. Then taking them back to bubble Eight. Which was deemed the food storage dome. And it was where all the meals would be prepared. Making more than a dozen trips. 

Harris sent a couple of his boys into Six and Four to do a little fishing. Of course the girls refused to be left out. And being there was two girls to every boy...they held the monopoly. Axen and Quelen had finished their search and gathering of eggs and headed off to see what they could spot over in bubbles One, Two, and Three. Both One and Two held more ripe plants and a few animals. Not one human from what they could see. Bubble Three was still a mystery. It seemed that every inch of it's glass had been charred from the inside. As if there had been a huge fire or explosion that blackened it's glass so much so that Axen could not see inside. No matter where he tried to look. All he could do was to report back to Harris what he had found in bubbles One and Two. To investigate Three, he would need to enter that dome.

“We'll do that tomorrow. There's no hurry. Now that we have access to Nine, Eight, Seven, Six, Four, and soon Two and One.” Harris stated.

“What about Five?” Quelen asked.

“It's got cannibals.” Axen told her.

“What's cannibals?” She asked. It was something Darlene and her dead sister Jolene had never taught the girls. They didn't feel the need to teach the girls about such horrors. Hoping it would never come to that.

“They are people like you and me. Except.” Axen began to explain as he looked over at this teacher who gave him a nod. “Except, they have ran out of food. So now they kill and eat each other. Which made their minds go crazy and they've become very dangerous. We can't let them live with us or they would kill everyone. So they have to stay in Five.”

“For how long?” She wanted to know.

“As long as it takes!” Harris cut in. “To die off. I'm sorry. But that's the only way it can be done. There is no way to fix them. They learned to be that way as children. It's all they know or ever will. They can't read or write like you. All they know is how to hunt, kill, and eat.” Harris explained. “That's why bubble Five' doors are strictly off limits. Same with Ten and Maybe Three. Which we'll know for sure tomorrow.” Between the four of them, Axen, Quelen, and the two teachers, they began to create a list of what they had and what they could expect to grow in the future.

“Go get some sleep. It's been a long day. Tomorrow we'll do a stock on the rabbits and chickens. We'll count trees, plants, and everything we have in stock. Make a full list of every usable item, including medicines. I don't want what happened to some of the other bubbles to happen to us. We don't know if the outside doors will ever open or how long it will take Axen to figure the codes out. And we don't know what's out there. Out beyond those doors. So we need to do the very best we can with what we have.” Harris said as he got up and was leaving for the evening.

“Good night everyone.” Were his last words as he disappeared into the night.


Chapter Eleven

Come morning, it was Axen who was pleasantly stirred from his slumber. He was listening to the girls giggle as they watched him dress for the day. The three of them found Harris and Darlene out front with a group of kids. Giving out assignments for the days chores, which were rotated, to keep everyone from getting bored or stuck with the more unpleasant tasks. Waiting for the two teachers to finish dividing work.”Good, you're here!” Harris turned to Axen. “I've got a couple things I need you two to do today. So bubble Three will have to wait again.” He frowned. “First, I'll need you to take a couple others to help you. Head over to Nine and gather up all that lab equipment you found there last week. Bring it to my quarters. I've got tables set up, you can put it on. And please be careful not to break any of it. And be careful not to touch any of the fluids or get them on you. Make sure the bottles don't get broken. Okay?”

“Did you want all the tubing as well?” Axen asked.

“Yes! Bring all of it. Clean the whole room out. Books and all. Then, I'll need you to try and get into Ten.”

“Why? It's destroyed.”

“Maybe so. But there is something in there I need. It's very important.” Harris said.

“What is it?” The boy asked.

“Just you get in. After you get my lab equipment. That's your job for today, I'll explain the rest later. Take the four kids that are cleaning the quarters to help you.” Harris instructed.

“And Quelen.” Darlene cut in. “You need to do me a favor today as well.”
“What's that?” Quelen thought for sure the teacher was going to separate her from Axen. “I want you to take some samples of the plants, water, and soil while your in Nine and Ten. Bring back those samples to me. So I can run some tests.” Darlene said with a nod. Then sent them off to do their duties. Quelen waited until they were out of ear shot before she spoke. “I really thought that she was gonna send me on another assignment.”

“And what? Send you off to cause more trouble some where else. Ha! They want to keep all the trouble in one area. Besides, they know it would never last.” Axen laughed. She punched his arm for his jesting.

“I'll run in and get the others.” Miriam volunteered. “Just don't leave without me.” She said as she ran off into the girls sleeping quarters. It was a long walk to bubble Nine, almost a mile. Being each dome spans a half mile width and they had to cross through Eight, into Seven, and up to Nine. Stopping at the boys quarters to collect the two working there. This time Miriam made Axen do it. The seven of them headed up to Nine. Axen explained the game plan on the way there. What they were after and what they were supposed to do. And once they got there, they got to work quick. It took them all of four hours to get the delicate items back to Harris' quarters. Anything that was not very breakable was loaded onto a make shift sled and was dragged back to Seven. The rest was very carefully carried. They even took time to search through all the other rooms to bring back anything they thought worth of value. Quelen and the girls gathered their samples while the boys carried the gallons of chemicals back to Harris' room. They had gathered rope, wire, tools, any mechanical items, lights, and electronics. Then took what building supplies they could find. Just in case Harris ordered that dome unusable. Once they had finished, the place was stripped. Axen then sent all the others, save Quelen and Miriam, back to their original jobs. While he and the two girls headed over to Ten' door.

The light on the control panel was steadily blinking red. So Axen began playing with the buttons. Trying to over ride the locking system. But he kept getting was the female voice telling him that the door was sealed due to outside contamination. In his frustration, he began mocking her voice. But he was determined to get in. So he pulled out his knife and unscrewed the panel from the door frame. Began pulling wires off the board and touching them together. He pulled off a thicker red wire and touched it to a blue one which sent sparks into the air. Heard a loud click and saw the light on the panel turn green. Plugged the red wire back where it went and pushed the 'Open Door' button. The door opened with a slide sound and stopped. Beyond the door way stood trees and plants that had taken over, shooting strings of vines that spider webbed their way up the dome walls and out the cracked glass. They could hear birds chirping as they flutter from one tree to another. Axen turned to Quelen and said. “You remember how I opened this door?”

“She nodded. “Are you going in there?” She asked.

“I have to. I need to find what Harris asked me to find.”

“Then I'm going too!” She told him.

“You can't. I need you and Miriam right here. I'll only be gone a few minutes.” He hugged her and ran off. Dodging through the thick foliage. Even though he knew exactly where he needed to go, this dome seemed to have taken on a world of it's own. It was as if it were an alien planet to him. He didn't recognize any of the plant life. And every time he heard a strange bird' call, he would flinch, stop, or twist around in fear. Hoping not to run into any cannibals. This was still uncharted territory. And the closer he got to the living quarters, he found huge chunks of the eighteen inch thick glass shattered and scattered like broken ice across the ground, which slowed him down. Wondering how something this strong and thick, could have been shattered like that. He hopped from piece to piece and disappeared into the building. Looked around the place, found the kitchen but it contained no food. Nor supplies. As if someone had stripped it bare. Found the supply room and it too was bare. Each living quarter was locked shut. He pinched his brows together. He hadn't known they could be locked. So he kicked at one until the door gave way. Inside he found a skeletal body laying on it's bed. It was stripped of it's clothing as was the rest of the room. Looked up at the ceiling and saw that the roof was gone. So he climbed up to see over into the next room. All the other rooms were the same. “Hm!” He thought with wondered curiosity. Jumped back down and found the main room. It was located in a separate building. But found it to be locked up tight. So he used and ax he had found propped up against the side of the building to hack through the door to gain entry. It took him so long that Quelen came up from behind him.

“Hey! What are yo doing?” She asked. He spun around with a wild look in his eyes. Ax to the ready. Thinking he would have to defend himself. Saw it was Quelen and let out his held breath.

“You scared me! What are you doing in here?” He asked. “You should be back at the door.”

“Miriam' there. You took so long I had to come find you. This place is really scary.”

“I know. Here, help me pull this open.” He said as they pulled the door off it's hinges. Then went inside.

“What are we looking for?” She asked now that she was with him, she felt it more an adventure than scary.

“This.” Axen pointed to a metal box on the desk. “And this one under here. You carry this and I'll get the one down here. Be careful with it.” Axen unplugged the wires from the two way radio that sat on the desk. Rolled up the wires and lifted the small generator from the floor.

“What is it?” Quelen asked out of curiosity.

“I'm not sure but Harris believes it's very important to have. Looks like this dead guy needed it too. Here take these.” He pointed at two smaller boxes that lay on the bed next to the skeletal remains. They were two hand held radios. But neither of them knew what they were. Only that Harris wanted them. As they were leaving, Axen looked up at the top of the dome, It had been cracked open like an egg. But from the outside in.

'”Smell that?” Quelen asked.

“Yeah. It smells sweet like the flowers.”

“Look at the pond. It's...” she let her words float off.

“I see it. Come. We can't stay. Some thing here is not right. We need to leave.” He edged her on. They got back to the door where Miriam was still waiting in feared worry.

“Hurry!” Axen said in panic. “I seen something in there.” As they slipped out the door and Miriam pushed the  close button. Just as a creepy deformed figure slapped at the glass door trying to stop them. It was completely hairless. Human in nature. As if it were an experiment gone very wrong. It did not move very fast. Having a bent over posture. Slumping around on long deformed hands and feet. It's face as if melted. Staring at them with it's one cloudy white eye. Sniffing at the glass and the air around itself. Horrified, Axen and the girls could only stare back at it. They had never seen anything like it before in all their years, nor had their teachers ever told them that anything like this had ever existed.

“It looks human.” Quelen said.

“Humans don't have three arms or a tail.” Axen pointed at it. “I don't know what that is!” He said. “Come. We'll let the teachers know what we found.” They carried their prize back to the boys quarters and set it in Harris' room. Then ran off to find the teachers. When they had gotten to where the teachers stood watching over the children, who were out picking fruit from one set of trees and nuts from another, they ran over to give their reports.

“I found the metal box you drew for me and the one under the table. Wires and all. Even found two small ones. It's all in your room, but...”

“But what?” Darlene demanded.

“We've got another problem.” Axen said.

“What is it?”

“There' something else living in there.”

“Cannibals?” Harris asked.

“I don't think so.” Axen said as he described what the creature looked like. Harris gave it a little thought, then smiled with a sigh and a loud huff. He looked over at Darlene and in that language Axen did not understand, Harris said, “You thinking what I am?” He asked her.

“Nuclear.” She answered.

“Has to be. We're not going to be able to go out there. No telling how bad it is or what's going on out there. We've got plenty enough supplies and food in here as long as we don't over populate and don't over farm our fields. We can make it for a few centuries. Other wise, it could get bad...very bad.”

Harris turned to Axen. “How many did you see?”

“Only the one.” Axen looked over at Miriam who confirmed his words.

“Might just be a fluke with dome Ten. And you said that the dome was broken open?”

“Yes sir. Like an egg. Huge pieces of glass all over the ground. Like some thing from outside smashed it in. Everything was stripped clean. It was weird.”

“Either way, it doesn't matter. You got what I needed out of there so we can seal that dome off. Like we did with Five. Can you make that happen?” Harris asked Axen who nodded.

“I'll seal it off and remove the panels.”

“Good, you do that.”

“Here.” Quelen handed Darlene the box of vials that held samples taken from bubble Nine and Ten.

“Thank you. I can conduct some tests now that I know what we're dealing with.” Darlene took the samples and headed off.


Chapter Twelve

Axen and Quelen followed by Miriam all headed over to bubble Three. They still needed to get in to that dome to figure out what had happened in there. Axen used the same procedure he had used to gain entry into bubble Ten. Removing the panel and arching the wires. The door slid open as a whiff of stale burnt air hit their faces. Quelen looked down at her feet as she stepped in. Puzzled by what she was walking in. 

“What is this stuff?” She asked.

“It's ash.” Axen answered as they paced through the six inches of ashen dust. But saw nothing else but the ash. As if it had snowed in that dome. Every single thing was incinerated. Trees, plants, buildings, even the pond was a bowl of ash. What metal that was once used, now melted into piles of molten nothing. Axen stood up on one of the metal boulders to have a better look around. But saw only ash and blackened char that covered every inch of the bubble. Bleak gray and flat black. Nothing remained. He shrugged and jumped down to the ground. Sending plumes of ash up into the air.

“Let's go girls, there's nothing here.” Was all he said as they left. He disabled the door and they headed over to check out bubble One and Two. From what they could see, bubble Two was full of neatly planted crops and animal life. Which was a good thing. Meaning more food. But as they made their way through Two over to One, Axen quickly stopped. There at the doorway to bubble One stood the face of a little girl. A small child of maybe four or five years of age. She stood staring at them from the doorway. Smiled and ran off. Axen quickly pulled his knife. Stopped the girls and was looking around himself. The little girl didn't look dangerous like the cannibals he had seen in bubble five. No, she was clean and neatly dressed. The plants around them were all in neat rows. The ground tilled and raked. Everything clean and in it's place. So he moved the girls slow as they made their way toward the doorway that lead into bubble One. Axen, surprised to see that the door was open. Inside bubble One, they found it to be just as neatly primped as bubble Two. Clearly someone was taking good care of them.

“Hello!” a voice spoke out. Axen and the girls spun toward the voice to find a man and a woman. Arm in arm they stared at their visitors. Axen held his knife up, as the girls coward behind him. They saw the little girls face squeeze out from between her parents.

“Welcome.” Tnhe man said. “Please, there's no need for weapons here. We have plenty we can share.”

“How many are you?” Quelen asked.

“Just the three of us.” The woman answered. “How many of you are there? Just you three?” The woman asked back.

“No.” Axen lowered his knife. “Sixty six women and thirty seven men. We live in Seven and Eight.” Axen told them. “How did you get this door open?” He nodded over his shoulder.

“Luck mostly. Lyndia here was stuck in there, last of the women, me I've had to bury everyone in here. More than ten years ago. So I spent everyday fiddling with that stupid door. And one day it just popped open so we left it open. Been together now four years. This here is our daughter Oppy.” The man rubbed his daughter's head, then stepped forward with a hand out.

“My name is Elson. My wife Lyndia.” He said as he and Axen shook hands. “Are you the leader?” He asked Axen.

“No, we have teachers who lead and guide us, we were about her age when we came here. Our teachers taught us all we know. To fish, farm, and gather.”

“Oh, I'm a farmer as well. Grew up on a farm.” The man said. “That's how we've both survived so long.”

“Have you been out there?” Lyndia cut in. Pointing at the glass dome.

“No, and I don't think our teachers think it's  good idea to be out there. Something about new...clear.”

“Hm! I think I know why.” Elson said. “Radiation. That stuff can kill you.”

“How?” Miriam asked from behind Quelen.

“It cooks you from the inside out.” Elson answered.

“Where are the others?” Lyndia asked.

“Working. Back in bubble Nine.” Axen told her.

“Thought you said you lived in Seven and Eight?

We do. But we farm in Nine, Seven, Eight, Six , and Four. Five and Three are off limits. Five has cannibals and Three is nothing but ashes. Oh, and Ten, has a big hole in it's dome and weird creatures inside it.” Axen explained.

“Can we go meet their friends Elson?” Lyndia asked her husband. He looked around himself.

“We do have a lot of work to get done.” He tried getting out of it.

“Elson! It can wait one day, please! All we've had is ourselves. Now there's others like us. We need to join them.” She insisted. He huffed out loud and gave in. “It's such a long ways to walk, and,” He looked down at Oppy.

“If she gets tired of walking, carry her, if you get tired of carrying her, I will.” Axen volunteered.

“Please come meet out teachers.” Quelen waved. Then turned to look at the man.

“You might as well Elson.” Quelen smiled. “We already know your here and we know how to get into any bubble we want. So...” She let her words fade.

“So you can.” Elson agreed. “Fine.” He gave in.

“Good!” Lyndia smiled. “I could bring a pie.”

“You do know that there are almost a hundred people over there.” Quelen stated.

“Hm! Your right. One pie wouldn't be enough.” She gave it some thought. “Hey! I could show you all how to make pies then we'd have enough.” Lyndia smiled.

“Thank you.” Axen said. “I can re lock the door so no one else can get in if you want. But there's really no need for it. No one is down this way but us. And maybe a few rabbits.” He told the couple.

“No. that won't be necessary. Let's go meet your teachers before it gets late.” Elson said as he scooped up Oppy and followed the three teenagers. It took them an hour to walk the  two miles. Elson carried Oppy half way and Axen the other half. Letting her ride high upon his shoulders. And as they approached the teachers, some of the other children ran over to meet the new visitors. They wanted to hear all the stories that were being told.


Chapter Thirteen

Harris and Darlene found that Elson and Lyndia were experienced farmers and their knowledge and agricultural skills were a welcome breath of fresh air. And with all the new lands to farm, Elson showed them how to work in groups. Showed them how to check the soil for good growing ground. How to rotate crops, where their water supplies were coming from, most everything they would need to grow and maintain healthy crops. He even had everyone, round up all the rabbits and chickens so they could be checked and given a clean bill of health. The man was a farming genius and his wife a baking genius. She showed the girls how to make breads, pies, treats, and all kinds of new foods to eat with what they grew. The had become a welcome addition.

“Now that we've checked every bubble, we can get back to living.” Harris told Axen as they watched over the Alpha group tilling the grounds in bubble Nine. Harris wanted to make sure all the poisons were tilled under...deep. They even drained the pond and sent the nasty poison water into bubble Ten. Cleaned up that area and refilled it with good soil for farming. Most of the building in Nine was removed. And most of those supplies were used in other domes such as Seven and Eight for added quarters and a larger kitchen in Eight. They left nothing more than a shed for tools in all the other domes. Wanting as much good ground as possible for crops. And in just over a year...bubble time, they had gotten their new home set and running as efficient as they could. And by the third year, they were set in their daily routines. It was the rules that needed adjusting now. The teachers had set into place a set of strict rules they thought necessary. Hoping to keep the young adults from over populating themselves. It was Lyndia who had to laugh at the rules set out. She pulled Darlene off to the side and talked to her about something she knew was going on.

“Seems the young adults were finding time to run off into hiding. Having sex and a couple of the girls are pregnant.”

“How do you know?” Darlene asked. The news of this was shocking.

“Don't be surprised! You two teachers should have known it was bound to happen. Mixing boys and girls. Especially at their age. But what we do next is what will either keep it under control or let it get out of hand.” Lyndia told her.

“Then what do you suggest?” Darlene asked.

“Well, we could always spade and neuter them.” Lyndia laughed.

“They're not animals!” The teacher flatly said with a hint of seriousness.

“No. I guess not. So I guess we'll have to find the girls who are pregnant and make them tell us who got them pregnant. Then we'll make them marry. Raise their child and let them experience just how tough it is. I think that once the others get the hint that it's not easy and see how much they struggle, of course, there will be added dimensions to all this, then maybe we can keep it under control. Or we will die off like the rest.”

“Dimensions? Such as?” Darlene queried.

“Such as...” Lyndia narrowed her eyes. “If two of the kids want to marry...it's for life. No divorces. They'll be allowed 'one' child per marriage, no more. All other children they produce will have to be eliminated, killed, by their own hand. And I don't think they would want that. I was a nurse back in my day. I could always fix each girl after her first child so she doesn't produce more, but.” Lyndia stopped.

“But what?” Darlene pushed.

'If we are ever to escape these bubbles, out into the world beyond, we might need their wombs to continue our species. So...” Lyndia lifted her hands out to her sides with a shrug. Darlene stood staring at Lyndia for a moment deep in her thoughts, then said with a hint of humor, “I think I like the spade and neuter theme better.” Lyndia burst out laughing.

“What's so funny?” Harris paced up into their conversation.

“Oh, we were just discussing some of the rules.” Lyndia said.

“I see. I'm finding that some of the girls are...pregnant.” Harris stated.

“How is it everyone else knows of this, except me?” Darlene demanded .

“Cause the girls are too afraid to tell you. Besides, it was the boys who came to me about this.” He said.

“Then it looks like we need to call a meeting and straighten this out.” Darlene crossed her arms,. She was fuming.

“I take it, we'll use my idea” Make them marry and.” Lyndia put in.
“Seems to be our best option. Or let them go wild.” She threw out a hand.” And I won't be having that.” Darlene stated. She had always felt a strict adherence to abstinence. Being that way herself. So this whole 'sex' thing bothered her deeply. Almost to the point of  separating the boys and girls like it once was. But it was too late for that now. So they made their rules to tighten up that issue. After which, more than a dozen couples came forward to marry. Axen and Quelen the first. But Harris made them wait until the others came forward.

“Is there any others!” He spoke over the crowd.

“Not yet!” A boy yelled back to inspire the crowd into laughing. Darlene was about too speak out but Harris stopped her. He raised his hands to quiet the laughter.

“Okay, okay! It's funny. But you'll see soon enough just how serious it is.” He told them. Then had each couple read a set of vows he had written out, just in case something like this happened, and they signed an agreement. After which, Harris gave each couple a plot of land and a list of things they were expected to do, such as, build a home for themselves, work their own plot of land, and tend to the animals they were allotted. The woman had to cook, clean, sew and mend their own clothing as well as help their husbands on their land. The point of it all was to show everyone else just how tough it can be if the couples were forced to live and survive out in the world.   With no one but themselves to help. Hoping this would at least deter the rest from jumping into something they were clearly not ready for.

“What do we do if...uh, we can't get along anymore?” One boy asked.

“Well, that will be too bad for the both of you. Once your married, there is no backing out. Like it or not. You and her will be together for the rest of your lives. So you better be sure and you better learn how to get along fast. And you better learn fast how to live and survive with no help. You'll be given everything needed to build  a one room home, seeds to grow, and tools to work your land. After one year, you'll receive no more help from the rest of us. That's the rules.” Harris stated a matter of fact. He gave them their papers and sent them on their way. Behind the couples, followed the rest of the kids, curious, and wanting to watch their friends begin their new lives. Harris had set up their plots of land in bubble Nine. Assigned them, gave them their allotted supplies, tools, and animals. He placed the young couples in Nine so that they were away from everyone else. Like being on their own, yet close enough to be monitored.


Chapter Fourteen

After a couple years had passed, more than half of the couples were ready to throw in the towel. But Harris and the other adults refused to let them. Reminding them that this was what they had asked for. So they had to deal with their own failures. Showing the rest of the young adults just what the teacher had hoped it would. Axen and Quelen were among those that roughed it out. At first, they struggled, but two years and one child on the way, later, they finally settled into a steady routine. Able to support themselves. Axen even tried to help some of those that were about to fall apart. Getting them back on their feet. And after their fifth year together, Axen asked to marry Miriam as well. Which gave him the added plot of land, animals, and supplies. And for the next five years, he was the only male to have married twice. Showing everyone that it could certainly be done with hard work and dedication. It had now been twenty seven years since the government, they once knew, had locked their doors with one thousand to survive. While outside the bubbles, a world continued to fall to ruin, spinning out of control. Inside the bubbles, a mere twenty seven years passed, while outside, twenty seven decades passed by. Aged by the nuclear wars that devastated the world once occupied by humans. Now given over to nature to try and heal the deadly wounds inflicted upon it. And it was doing just that...healing. But those inside were not ready to exit their little safe haven.

Axen sat on the shore of the  pond in Nine. He had his fishing pole in hand and a fat piece of stringy chicken innards hanging from his hook. Ready to catch himself some dinner for his family. Little Posie sat down next to him. Just turning eight.

“Daddy' gonna catch a fish! So mommy can clean it up for dinner!” Axen told her when she wanted to know what he was up to.

“Why?” She asked.

“Cause we like eating fish.”

“Why?”

“Cause it's good for us.” He tickled her. Even through her cute giggles, she managed to ask him, why. She was at that age where she had to know everything. Soaking it all in like a little sponge. And the best way to do that was to ask...why?

“What's mommy doing?” He asked her.

“She making pies.”

“You didn't want to help her?”

“No.” she shook her head. “Wanna help you.” She gave him a smile.

“Okay.” He handed her the fishing pole. Showed her how to hold it and how to hold the string with one finger to feel for a bite.

“If you feel this string move...you pull it back real hard, okay?” He said as she gave a nod. Just then she felt the string wiggle under her finger and pulled hard. The pole bent forward as the fish tried to fight. But she held on.

“Daddy, daddy!” She called. Axen was busy with something else. Turned to find his little girl holding on with all her might. He reached over and helped her.

“Yeaaah you got one!” He cheered. “Here, turn this.” He put her hand on the reels handle to help reel in the catch. She spun the handle like a pro and proudly brought in their dinner. Holding it up high so that her mother could see what she had caught. Of course, with a little help from her father. Quelen was so proud of her little girl.

“Bring it over here.” She lay it down on a cutting board. Posie climbed up on a chair to watch her mother as she cleaned and filleted the fish.

“Mommy why do we eat fishes?”

“Cause it's good for us. Makes us big and strong.”

“Why do they live in the pond?” She sat on her knees. “Not on the lands.”

“Cause they breathe water not air like us.” Miriam cut in. Kissing Posie on her head. “You come with me. We'll get cleaned up.” Miriam took Posie off to get clean. Fishing with her father, she managed to bring home most of the pond' mud. Smeared over her clothes, face, and hands.

“Where' daddy?” Posie asked.

“He went over to Allet' house.” Miriam said as she soaked a rag with water and wiped off Posie' face.

“Why?” The child asked.

“Cause Allet needed some help with his plants. So daddy is helping him. He'll be back before supper. Okay?”

“Yeah.”

“So what did you learn in class today?” Miriam asked.

“Oh, just more numbers. Ms. Darlene wants us to learn how to add numbers.”

“Really! I learned how to add numbers. And subtraction, multiplication and division.” Miriam laughed.

“I not that far yet.” Posie said.

“Well, I think your the smartest girl in the whole class.” Miriam tickled her then washed her hands and changed her dress.

“Mommy Mir. Why your belly so big?”

“Cause I have a little baby inside me.”

“Why it don't come out?”

“It will. When it gets bigger. Right now, it's too little. So it has to rest inside my tummy and grow bigger. Then it can come out. And you'll have a new baby brother or sister to play with.” Miriam gave her a big smile. Posie wanted a sister. Boys did not appeal to her. After their dinner, Harris had come to visit them. He was quick to scoop up Posie into his arms, spun around a couple times, and gave her a big kiss. Then set her down so she could reach into his shirt pocket for the surprise he had brought her. She pulled out the big chunk of rock candy, smiled, thanked him and ran off to her corner of the room to eat her sweet treat.

“You know.” Harris began, as he looked over at Axen who had came in with the teacher. ''When you were her age, you were a lot of trouble. More than I thought I'd be able to handle. But when you got together with Quelen here, I knew it would be bad. Two trouble makers bonded together could only spell disaster. But I vowed to give you more leeway than anyone else.” He frowned. “Sent you into impossible situations and watched you step out unscathed. Now look at you two. You've made a home for yourselves, a beautiful child, whom I love to death, and now, one on the way. Your land is kept up far better than anyone else'. You even help some of the others, despite the rules.” He said.

“Ah!” Axen raised his finger. “But those rules, if you will, pertain to all of those who are not married. Does not say anything about us. Who are married. You wrote them. I'm only going by what you wrote. So if there is no rule stating I or we cannot help each other than I'll make sure we survive. Besides, we do quite well for ourselves. None of you need help us. We can help ourselves.” Axen grinned with a nod.

“You see? That's exactly what I mean. That' what gets you into trouble.” Harris stated.

“Trouble...what trouble?”

“Generally speaking is all. But that's not what I'm here to discuss. I need your help.” Harris said. Axen laughed and he laughed loudly.

“I know, I know. It's ironic. Quite the oxymoron. We won't help any of you but we do need your help. And I'm willing to do you a favor if you'll help me.”

“What sort of favor?” Axen queried.

“I'm willing to give you enough seed to help with Allet' land as well as Spetol' if you'll help me access...' Harris stopped.

“Access what?” Axen pushed.

“Bubble Ten.”

“TEN!” Axen raised his voice. “Are you crazy? Have you seen those things in there? I have. There' a  dozen or more of them.” He calmed himself. “They're...”

“Strange, I know.” Harris cut in.” It's because of the nuclear fallout. It has turned what humans were left into weird beings. But I need to get in there. There is something of great importance in there that I need to find.” But again Axen laughed.

“I remember those same words twelve years ago. When we went in for that two way radio. Which no one has ever answered our calls. Now you want me to risk my life again for something else? Of great importance.” Axen was hesitant.

“Axen...this time I'm going in with you. And yes, what we find is worth going in for.” Harris stopped to let Axen give it some thought. Axen stared over at him for a long moment, narrowed his eyes then took a quick glance over at his daughter, then at Quelen and Miriam.

“Your not going with out me!” Quelen spoke up.

“I'll stay here with Posie where it's safe.” Miriam spoke up as well. Axen looked back at Quelen, then turned to Harris. “Okay. But I want twice what you were going to give me.” He stared, “And I want to pick out who comes. We'll need a strong team to fight with. I'm not gonna go in blindly. We go in strong and hard.” He said with authority.
“Done!” Harris held out his hand and they shook on it.

“So what are we going in to find?” Axen asked.

They're called...Geiger counters. They are used for detecting radioactivity. It's a substance that can kill people or in this case, turn them into, those things walking around in there. And with these Geiger counters, I can read the levels of radiation out in the world. They will let me know when there are safe levels.” Harris stated explaining.

“That should be obvious if those things are in there.” Miriam put in.

“You would think so. But the levels could be down. I'll need more water, soil, plant, and air samples. And a sample from the remains of any skeletal being we find. Maybe a sample from one of those disfigured beings out there. If we have to kill one.”

“We'll get your Geiger counters and your samples. But won't this...rad -act-tivity harm us as well?” Axen questioned.

“Not unless we're exposed to it for a long time like those things were. We won't be out in it long enough.” Harris told them.

“When do we go?” Quelen asked.

“Tomorrow, midday. When the sun is at it's highest. That's when those creatures are in hiding.” Axen cut in. “They don't like the sun.”

“That's fine.” Harris agreed. “I'll need you to help me gather your team.” Posie ran over to her father. “Can I go? I'm stronger. I caught a fish.”

“Yes you did!” He smiled at her. “But I need you here to watch after Mommy Mir and the little baby inside her. Can you do that for me?”

Posie nodded.

“Good!” He kissed her. “Tell Harris how you caught that big ole fish.” Posie ran over and told Harris her tale with as much emphasis as she could come up with. Which made them all laugh. But Posie stood proud when her father backed her story up. Quelen sent her off to bed as Axen, herself, and Harris left to gather their force. Darlene met them at the kitchen in Eight where everyone had gathered for their evening meal. Axen and Harris stood at the front of the room, calling out names.

“If I've called your name, I want you right here tomorrow as the sun reaches it's height. No matter your chore. You must report.” Harris told them. The two men had to wait until Quelen had made her rounds of hugs and gossip. Being in the family dome, she didn't get to see her friends much. Not because she couldn't but because the others were not allowed into bubble Nine. And she didn't get much time to get out. So she was taking advantage of it while she could. It was one of the rules Harris considered changing but wanted to wait until the last two struggling families had finally managed to pull it together. And with the added seed, Harris knew that Axen would do just that. When Quelen had finished, they headed over to Harris' quarters. He showed them the weapons he had made for this venture. But he also told them that the weapons would have to be returned to his quarters. He did not want dangerous weapons floating around the bubbles unattended.

“This is what the Geiger counter looks like. And if I'm correct, we should be able to find them in the kitchen' pantry. There' a hidden panel behind the shelves. Something most did not know about. It was only told to those in charge of each bubble.”

“What's in yours?” Quelen asked.

“Don't you have one of these Geiger counters in yours?”

“Nope. Mine held fuel and batteries, Darlene' held paper and pens. Don't know why but that's what I found.'Harris stated.

“What about the other bubbles?” She asked.

“Let's see, One had tools, Two had medicines, Three we'll never know, but I think it was weapons, four had two microscopes, Five is a mystery,. Only because I can't remember and we cant get in there.” He said. “Six had clocks, but they all ran out of time, Seven and Eight you know, Nine held books on chemistry, anatomy, astrology, biology, and various medicines, Ten holds the Geiger counters. And we need them From what I see out there, we'll need them more than ever.” Harris explained.

“What does any of this have to do with being in these bubbles?” Axen wanted to know.

“Ugh!” Harris waved off the boys question. “Our government thought that we might need these items after the doors opened, but they didn't. Which was probably a good thing. Being the fools out there went and wiped themselves off the face of the earth.”

“What's this gov-ment you speak of?” Quelen asked the teacher.

“Government.” He corrected as he looked over at her and shook his head. “Child, Be glad you were just a child when you came in here and didn't have to deal with the government that ruled the people of your past. They were a bunch of over payed, over rated, narcissistic men out to dominate the world. Wanting to rule not only the people, but what the people do.”

“Like you and Darlene rule us?” She queried.

“Not exactly. Me and Darlene are out to preserve your lives. The government merely wanted to exploit or use the people. Use, control, and take from them. We only want to make sure your all safe and secure.” He smiled over at her. “That's why. But in their greed, they caused their own demise. And those things out there in Ten...are all that's left of them. All this in just twenty seven years.”

“We'll be ready come morning.” Axen told the man. Then headed out with his wife in hand.

“Axen.” Harris stopped him. “Thank you!” Axen nodded.


Chapter Fifteen

By the noon of the next day, Harris found Axen waiting with fifteen others he had hand picked for this mission. Harris headed the troop to his quarters where he handed out the weapons and let the men have a few minutes to play with them so they could get used to their feel. Harris stepped up onto the porch. “This is not just a sight seeing tour guys. This is real. The dangers are real. And you need to stay alert. Everyone of you. Watch each others backs and hopefully we'll get in and out with everything we need.” Harris told the men. “So if your ready...follow me.” He waved the troops on. They passed through bubble Nine and over to Ten. Harris had Axen close off Nine from the other bubbles so that any of the creatures that got out behind them could safely be contained in Nine. Those families that lived in Nine were sent to Seven for the day. Safety was the first priority. At the door that lead into Ten, Axen paused a moment to take a look around inside. He couldn't see any movement, so he opened the door. Weapons to the ready, and they went in. They could feel the hot sun blazing on their skin. It felt warmer than what they were used to. Being the bubble itself filtered much of the sun' damaging rays. And it was a lot brighter. The vegetation was so thick and tangled that it made the trek slow. Harris lead the way in through the over growth jungle like foliage. Axen watched the rear. Keeping his wife in sight of him. She was the only female he had allowed to come. Knowing she could fight and defend herself.

“Be careful of the glass shards.” Harris warned as they moved through the thick glass maze to where the building' kitchen was located. And then he stopped as he got to the door way of the dining hall. He pulled back and waited for Axen to come to the front. Harris nodded with a finger to his lips.

“Look.” He whispered. Axen peeked around the corner and into the dining hall. Saw the bodies laying on the floor. Their chests rose and fell with every raspy breath. Fast asleep from the noon day sun. Axen took a quick count. There was some fifteen elder beings and eight younger ones. He turned and whispered his count to the troop. Quelen wanted to rush in and surprise attack them. But Harris and Axen told her no.

“We might be able to get in past them. Get what we need and get out quietly.” Harris whispered.

“What if they wake up?” Quelen asked.

“Then we'll fight if we need to.” Axen told her.

“Come.” Harris waved. “Us three will head into the kitchen. The rest of you will watch out here. Two of you must always be watching behind you. The rest keep an eye on...them. Call out loud if they awaken!” Harris quietly said. Then he, Axen, and Quelen headed in toward the kitchen. Axen and Quelen kept watch as the teacher squeezed into the old pantry and removed the shelves as quiet as he could. He opened the hidden panel and removed the backpack from the hid a hole. Strapped it over his shoulders. Checked the hole for anything else and was squeezing his way back out when he heard his men calling out. Seems one of the men sneezed and had awakened the beings. Their hideous eyes searching for the source of the noise. Noses sniffing the air as if tasting the scents of their prey. They got to their deformed feet and were on the move. Slow and methodical in their approach they were searching. Harris and his small band rejoined the troop out in the glassy maze covered yard. Watching as the creatures spilled out of the doorway just to be stopped by the bright sunlight. Shielding their faces. Faces of distorted attire. Some carried extra limbs or body parts unnameable. Skin that looked as if it were melting from their bones. Draped over them in wrinkles. Giving them the very appearance of some other worldly creatures. They had no voice but to grunt and growl. Sniffing the air, only because their eyes could no longer see. Blinded by the sun' ray of radiation glare. Now causing their eyes to go white with blindness. So they had to rely on all their other senses. Only those untouched. Smell and sound. And as they slowly spill out of the dining room door, they stop. Covering their faces and stumbling back inside the building. Growling at the brightness of day. Harris waved for his men to head back to bubble Nine' door. Then locked it behind them. Everyone glad for a safe return. Marching back to Eight to find something to eat.

Harris showed the Geiger counters to Axen and Quelen. Showed them how it worked and how to read it. Gave them one to use. Only because they lived in bubble Nine, next to the radioactive dome Ten. Harris took the other three counters and their samples back to his lab. He had tests to run. Axen and Quelen scooped up Posie and Miriam and they headed back home. There were still chores to get finished.  Axen had been given the two plots of land closest to bubble Ten' door, which no one else wanted. So he took the rich soiled plots for himself. Unafraid of the creatures living next to him. The were locked safely within their own bubble. He often wondered how they had gotten into that bubble. “Maybe through the crack.” He thought. Last he knew, there was only the one. Now there was more than a dozen. And that concerned him. He got his family back home and headed back out to check on the door. When he approached it, his mouth fell open with fear.


Chapter Sixteen

“Where you going?” Quelen asked her husband. Axen turned to see three very beautiful faces staring back at him.

“To check on things. I'll be back in an hour.” He told her. Winking at Posie and was out the door. For some reason, something to him did not feel right. Something was...a miss. And he could feel it. He did a quick look around the house then across his fields into the neighbors whom he knew had not gotten back yet. They were due to come home in the marrow. Harris did not want to send them yet. Axen then searched over through the trees in his orchard. Still nothing. But could not shake the feeling, so he paced along the bubbled wall between Nine and Ten. Seen the doorway just ahead. He looked up at the dark clouds that had rolled in and threatened to rain down over the bubbles. When he again looked down, he found himself at the door. An open door. He spun on his heels quick. Knife at the ready, searching for the creatures that were now in his domain. Heard a scream and ran for home. He burst through the front door to find his wife standing with a knife to the ready. His family was fine. Again the scream. And he burst back out the door. Running toward the bubble Seven door.  Found the creatures surrounding Allet' family. They were reaching out blindly for the flesh they craved. Reaching with their grubby fat and disfigured fingers. Distorted by a gene pool that was by all means genetically altered. Now, too immersed in a constant struggle to try and find some normality. But death was all they found for all their efforts. Axen rushed in with his knife arching through the night air. Glistening streaks as he sliced the back of the first creature he came upon. It fell to the ground with groaning squeals and a soft thud. Axen side swung his blade into the one next to him. Giving the family an opening to escape from. Allet and his family ran for the safety of their home and disappeared inside. Axen gave them no more thought as he sprinted over to close bubble Nine' door from Seven. Trying to contain them. Turned to find them closing in on him. He was in the middle of melee when he caught sight of Quelen swinging a shovel and knocking them out. But they were over whelming him. So he backed off and joined up with his wife. Saw one of the male creatures at the door' control panel. It pressed the numbers and the door opened. Axen thought to stop it but more of the others moved in around it. Losing his one chance. While the rest of the beings kept him and Quelen busy. 

These creatures would obviously give their lives for what ever cause their leader had in mind. It took Axen and Quelen another ten or so minutes to finish off those around them. And as the last one fell, Axen pointed. “You head home, check on the family. I'm going after them” He nodded, kissed her, and ran for the door. Hot on the creature' trail. By the time he had caught up to them., they were surrounding a tree. Caught and surrounded by Harris and the boys. Talking. Which surprised Axen. He was sure these things could not speak. But one could. And it was conversing with Harris. Axen seen Harris raise his hand as he approached the crowd. So he rounded everyone to make his way to where the teacher stood.

“We don't wish to harm anyone.” The distorted human spoke.

“Then why did you break into out home?” Axen growled.

“I need what has been stolen from us.”

“He wants the Geiger counters back.” Harris told Axen.

“Yes.” The thing said.

“Who are you?” Axen asked.

“I am Professor Brinks. I was one of those locked inside bubble Ten. Before it was hit with a small nuclear bomb.” the Professor stated. “It was part of the governments project. No one knew which bubble would be hit. The number was picked random and we lost. Just to see what would happen to the bubble and to us. Just as they placed poison in Nine, an incinerator in Three, and caused the rest to starve. But I see now, some did survive.”

“We learned to adapt. Besides, all those that were locked in Seven and in Eight were babies. So they didn't eat much.” Harris explained. “And once we joined forces, we learned to build our empire. Work together and set very strict rules which we abide by.”

“I understand. Which is why I won't let any of my people invade this place again. Just let us have the Geiger counters so that we can keep control of our own radioactive exposure. And we'll leave in peace.”

“Tell me Professor. Have you been out beyond the bubble?” Harris queried.

“We have. And what is out there is as it is in our dome. More of the same. A lot of radiation poisoning. To higher degrees. Beyond the fall out Zone, I have no idea. We have not been able to reach that limit. This has left us weak and frail as you can see. And those,” the Professor turned to Axen. “That you have killed...I thank you. They were only a drain on us. Now we can go on. And the Geiger counters will help.” Harris sent one of his boys to retrieve the tools and returned them to the Professor. “I'm sorry we cant do more.” Harris said.

“No teacher, you have done enough. We have become what we are now. Surprisingly, in just twenty short years.” 

“I was told that the government had been experimenting on a new strain of radioactive material. Something that was able to change the molecular structure of protein synthetics. Producing a union of chemically similar parts between artificial and genuine genes. I guess I can see the results of that.” The teacher frowned. The professor nodded then pointed for his people to leave. 

“You understand well.” He said.
Axen followed them back to bubble Ten. Stopping only long enough to ask for Axen to bring their dead back to Ten. Axen agreed to do it in the morning. Then spent the next day carrying the dead to Ten and laying them to rest on their own contaminated soil. Now he understood why the plant life had gone wild as he stood staring at it. After the task of the dead, Axen placed a barrier across the door so that it could not be opened from inside Ten. Not wanting any uninvited guest during the night. He double checked his barrier and found it to be solid. Glanced up to see one of them staring over at him. Axen waved and he headed home. Finding his family huddled around the table talking. They went quiet as he stepped in. Miriam wanted to know what was going on and what had happened. Being she was asleep by the time he got home in the night. And was gone early that morning. So Axen sat down and explained all he had seen and heard. Allet and his family had spent the day over to Axen' home. And now that Allet was assured all would be okay, he took his wife and small child back to their own home. Axen promised to stop by in a few days to deliver him some seed. Having to wait first on Harris to make good on their agreement.


Chapter Seventeen

Out beyond the safety of the bubbles, they slowly inched their way. They had no reason to stay now that they had their precious Geiger counters. The jungle that had sprung up due to the genetically altered radioactive splicing, was now out of control. It had grown so thick and tightly woven that the trek through it was long and pain staking. The Professor was wishing he had more physical strength. But he found that if they moved in the cool of the night, levels of radiation were lower and more bearable. Then hiding during the day light hours where the sun' heat was highest. It took the Professor and his people all of four days to reach the outer ring of fallout. Out to where the levels were below normal. Out to where the world once was. Out to where all life had ceased to exist. Buildings decaying to dust. Fallen heaps of rubble. Pockets of stagnant water. Out where insects were triple their original sizes. Buzzing around like some horror movie come to life. The Professor and his people saw no other animal life and most definitely nothing human.

Every day they hid and slept, while each night they traveled. Trying to make their way to the nearest town they had seen from the mountainous range the bubbles were set upon.  Going down hill made it easier on their frail and weak bodies. Eating whatever the land provided for them. Drinking whatever uncontaminated water they could find. Mostly from free flowing streams. Which always felt good on their microwaved skin. The Professor wanted to bring some of the others from withing the bubbles, but knew that they might not handle the amounts of radiation that surrounded the bubbles, in order to make it past the fall out Zone. So he had to try himself. And now they were far enough away from the bubbles that they were all feeling a little better, stronger, and held more energy. Good food and water will do that to a person no matter the condition. They followed a stream that ran downwards and came to a small ghost village. It appeared to be vacant of any one. A couple stray dogs that wandered the street. So the Professor found a store and they ate their fill. Found a motel and slept for the day. Still they traveled at night. Which was cooler on their skin then a hot sun.

Professor Brinks found a van, but no one to drive it. Having never driven a car himself. So they walked. Another four days brought them to the larger town they had seen from the mountains. But even here, no one remained. As if everyone up and disappeared. Buildings in ruin. Streets bare of traffic. Cars sat like steel ghosts along the roads. Paper shreds fluttered like butterflies up and down this desolation. Getting caught in swirling wind devils. Then tossed away like the trash they were. The Professor shook his head at the sight of it all. “What happened?” He asked out loud, knowing that none of the others with him could answer him. “What have they done to themselves?” He said as he looked  up at a flock of birds on their way south. “Fools!” He said “Fools!” He turned to the others. “Come, my old memory tells me that there is a lab this way. Maybe a mile or so. We can try to figure out what went wrong.” He waved to the others. His little band of misfits. Chosen only because of their youth, their ability to at least see from one eye, and those who had some sense of what was going on around them. And mostly because they knew how to work on the radioactive gene substance he himself created. The others of no use...Axen killed. “More out of mercy.” The Professor thought to himself. They made it to the labs just as the sun was on it's rising. They all disappeared inside and they went right to work. As if they all knew exactly what needed to be done.


Chapter Eighteen

“Hey, you did good out there.” Axen told Quelen with a smile. “Always the stubborn one.” He laughed.

“Maybe,” She countered, “But I get a lot of it from...you!” She kissed him.

“Mm! I fear your right. My biggest concern is...will she?” Axen nodded over at little Posie, sleeping peacefully, tucked off into her corner of the room.

“Oh! She'll probably be just like her father.” Quelen stated.

“No!” Miriam cut in. “She'll be like the both of you.” She kissed Axen and hugged Quelen. They laughed. After Axen had sent his friends home, he and the girls spent a few hours talking before they finally found their bed awaiting them. And as the weeks pass, they saw nothing more of those that lived in bubble Ten. As if they all vanished. Or died. He gave the thought some attention, but had no interest in finding out. He had his land to tend to and a family to support. It took another couple months for Allet and Spetol to get their selves to where they could support themselves. So Harris lifted the ban. Allowing the other children to come into bubble Nine to visit their friends. Elson and his wife Lyndia retired back to their own little farm down in bubbles One and Two. Which Harris had no problem with, being Elson gave half of Two for the community to use. Elson had asked Harris what the man planned to do with the cannibals over in Five.

“Nothing!” Harris would say, but Elson insisted something be done. So Harris asked him if he would like them to be released into One and Two. Then Elson could deal with them. Of course, Eslon declined. Not wanting any part of it. Or killed by the cannibals. So he let it lay...for now. Mostly out of, not knowing what to do. The other half, he felt for the beasts. Wanting to help them somehow. But Harris reassured the man that those living in bubble Five were not to be trusted and could never be domesticated. Elson had to agree for the time being. Harris knew that Five would need to be dealt with sooner or later. That was a fertile land and would eventually be needed. But at the moment, he had no clue what to do with the savages within. Hoping inwardly that they would simply kill themselves off to just one or two which would be a lot easier to deal with then a dozen or more.

So everyone spent the next year simply living. Farming their lands, fishing, raising rabbits, chickens, and children. Enjoying those few children that ran and played. A life of serene voyage. Uncaring of a world just eighteen inches through the glass bubble they lived within. It wasn't as if they couldn't see what was going on out in that world. With it's thick foliage and trees that had blocked their view of the world beyond. The mountains did the rest. But as long as they had fresh air, water, and food, their needs were met. Harris estimated them to be able to maintain this serene life for at least another fifty years if not more. 
Some times Axen would sit with his back against the glass wall, he used as an aquarium home, and thought. Eating an apple, staring out at the jungle beyond. Wondering if they would ever be able to leave the safety of their bubble. Or was it just an illusion? Wondering what was out there. Sure, he had been taught all about the life that once existed out there. The tall buildings man had constructed. The thousands of different animal species and all the other wonders of the world. But never had the opportunity to see even a single one. And he longed for that. And all that held him from it was...a ten digit number and a whole lot of radiation. He remembered how he used to see the silver birds, as a child, streaking across the skies. Leaving their long tails of smoke. Now long gone. And even the small birds that flew above. Sometimes roosting on the tops of the bubbles. Those were mere memories too. “What has this radiation stuff done to everything?” He asked himself. Thinking of those that lived over in Ten. Changed into something hideous. Wondering if every thing out in the world had changed the way they did. “Are they the normal ones now and us the freaks?” He wondered. He shook his head at it all. Looked up just in time to catch Posie who had thrown herself into his arms. He hugged her up tight. She was laughing as she managed to knock him over. Right behind her staggered little Dillius. The son he had given his second wife Miriam. He too raced up and threw himself on to the pile. All smiles and giggles. They had been sent out to find him.

“Mom says you gotta come home.” Posie told him.

“But I don't live there anymore.” He teased.

“Yes you do.”She giggled.

“Is it time to eat?” He asked his daughter as he kissed her neck and made her laugh.

“Yes.” She giggled as he did the same to Dillius.

“Okay then. Climb on.” He told them and gave them a piggyback ride back home. He could hear the ladies talking as he carried the tots inside. Set them down and they raced off to play. Axen kissed his wives and sat down.

“Harris was here. Said he needed to speak with you.” Quelen said as she was stirring her vegetables.

“Did he say what he wanted?” He asked.

“Nope! He gave no clue either. Just said to have you come find him later.”

“He did look a little worried.” Miriam put in.

“Maybe I should.” He began.

“Not until you've eaten.” Quelen cut him off. “Then you can go. But you better come get me if anything...” She glared over at him.

“If there 's anything exciting...I'll come get you, promise.” He winked at her. “He probably just needs my assistance. A teacher needing to be taught by his student.”He grinned.

“Yeah well, if you weren't such a smarty.” Quelen stated. Which mad Miriam laugh. “Oh! And we might have our own problem.” She went serious. Turned and faced him. She glanced over at Miriam then back  at Axen.

“What?” He wanted to know.

“Well. The rules have it...each family can only have one child. Us being an exception. Only because you have two wives. And we both have a child now.”

“So what's the problem?” He asked.

Quelen sighed as she wiped he hands with her apron. “Miriam might be pregnant again.”

“Which is your fault!” Miriam cut in.

“Of course it's his fault, silly.” Quelen told her. “So what are we going to do?” She turned back to Axen. 

“Don't make me, I don't want to!” Miriam stopped. She did not want to have to kill the child at birth as was the rule for keeping the community from over populating. Axen wiped a hand across his face as he thought it over. Looked up at the girls. Then over at his own children. “Then we do the only thing I know to do.” He said.

“I'm not letting you kill the child!” Quelen spoke up. Miriam in tears.

“No, no! I don't have any intentions on killing anyone. Unless I have too. I was thinking that maybe...Spetol and his wife Nehna haven't been able to produce any children. So, we could give the child to them. They could raise it as their own. Spetol mentioned once that he wished someone could give them a child. So why not?” He shrugged as he put out the suggestion. “They would make good parents, they live right next door, and you could still see the child as much as you want.” Axen looked over at Miriam. Her saddened look tugged at him. “It's better than the alternative.” He told her. “Is that okay with you girls?” He asked. Miriam sadly nodded. “Good, then if anyone asks, your having a baby for Spetol and Nehna.”

“Well, we wouldn't have this problem if you were more careful.” Quelen slapped his arm.

“Ha! Ha!” Posie laughed at her father. “You got in trouble!” She pointed at him just to rub it in. Miriam laughed through her tears. Quelen found no humor in it. Axen grinned and shook his head.

“I'll talk to Spetol and Nehna tomorrow and get it all set up. So if you have any of your own rules you want to place on them, you need to let me know. But,” He paused, “I make the final decision. And if I don't like your rules, I'll change them or get rid of them. Agreed?” He looked at the girls who nodded.

“Good then, it's settled. So from now on...” He looked at Miriam, “You need to consider this child Nehna' and not yours.” He got up, kissed on her head, and went off to wash up for dinner. Dragging two dirty faced kids with him.


Chapter Nineteen

Somewhere far to the south of the bubbles, out in a world now gone wild and untamed, six adults and eight children take refuge in a science lab at a once, well know, academy. They had found a place to live and work. Hoping to find some sort of resolution. A cure to what had caused them to become the creatures they now were. The Professor sent a couple of his people out to salvage for food and fresh water. Then sent the children off to another class room where he knew they could not get themselves into trouble. While he and the others went to work in the labs. Searching for answers. After all, this lab  they were in was what started it all. And somewhere in this lab, Professor Brinks hoped the answers were as well. He saw his fellow men coming back from where ever they had gone off to in search of food, and waved them over to his lab table, they were pushing two grocery carts each, full of food and bottled water. Passed a few things out and took the rest down the hall to where a kitchen was. Glad to see the amount of food. Knowing it would be well needed.

When the two men returned back to the labs, they had something of importance on their minds. But with no vocal cords, they had to write down their thoughts on paper. The note read, “Sir, we found more bubbles. Not far from here, you can see them from the road.”

“Just like the one' we were in?” The Professor asked. They nodded. One of the men held up a pair of binoculars he had found and imitated how he had seen the bubbles using the device.

“How far away, do you think?” The other man held up three of his disfigured fingers.

“Three miles.” Brinks said as he gave it some thought. “Maybe tomorrow night, I'll send you two to investigate.” He gave them a nod. “But first, let's see if there is any mention of these bubbles here in this academy. That's your jobs for now.” He waved them off. They nodded and paced off to search the place. Brinks sat down on a stool and took a look around. He was lucky his vision was not affected as bad as some of the others. He had been asleep the time of the bomb hitting his bubble. It was the screams of others that had awakened him. By the time he found his way outside, all he saw was chunks of glass falling. Felt the hot sting of the radioactive substance hitting his skin as it changed him into what he now was. Even he had no idea that there were more than the one set of bubbles built. Wondering if those bubbles held life as the one' he had come from did. Or would they be like the cannibals he had seen in bubble Five. Felt a touch on his arm which made him cringe in pain. Any such touch was painful. But the child did not know any better as he turned to the boy.

“What do you need son?” He asked the child.

“We found music. Can we play with them?” The boy asked. Sent by the others. Only because he was still able to speak. Not very well, but he could.

“You found music? You mean musical instruments?”

“Yes.” The boy smiled.

“Sure. Go play your hearts out.” The Professor smiled back. Then saw one of his two men he had sent searching, coming back with a file in his hand. The children ran past him as he handed it to the Professor. Brinks lay it on his table and opened the cover. Inside were the detailed drawings, names, schedules, lists of participants, and other information gathered on the three sets of bubbles the government had designed. The set of bubbles he had been in were code named, Coup d' essai. French for experiment. Another bore the french name, Biense' ance, for propriety. And the third was named, Au fond, for fundamental. The Professor wondered why...French? Then remembered that he was in that far region of Canada where French was still spoken. Which made sense. Then noticed that each of the french word began with A, B, and C. Yet the file was named, Gardez la foi, which was what he had always believed the bubbles were called. But it was just the governments code name for the project. As the other names began to make some sense. Experiment. Which was what had happened. Had he and the other known this...they may have figured it out and the government might not have gotten the results they were looking for. Then he gave thought to the other two names. Propriety, “Must be for the very rich and elite. But what of this Fundamental project? Who is that for?” He looked through the file. Then found it.


Chapter Twenty

Axen met up with Harris to see what the teacher wanted him for. Hoping to avoid any physical labor. He was tired and just wanted to kick back with his family.

“Axen. Thanks for coming. I've got a situation I know you can help me with.” the teacher put an arm across the boys shoulders as they walked along.

“Which is?” Axen asked.

“Well, it seems our good friend Elson is demanding we try and help the savages in bubble Five. Thing is...if we open that door, we risk a flood of them getting out and I want to try to capture only one. And not let them all escape. Thought maybe you could help me figure out how to get one out without the rest. Any suggestions would be helpful.” The teacher explained.

“Why just the one?”

“Well, I thought we could tie a rope or something around its neck. Let Elson tie it to his porch or something, see if he can domesticate the thing. Being he wants to try and help them so bad. Let him get a taste of what they really are. Maybe then he'll stop bugging me.” Harris raised his brows and gave a shrug. Axen gave a deep sigh.

“Hm. Guess I could rig something to stop the door just enough to let one out and then close in the rest. But we'd need a few strong men to control whatever comes out. It could be their weakest or their strongest. It could be their most subtle or their most dangerous. We don't know until we capture it.” Axen told the teacher.

“Can you make something for the door?”

“Sure. I'll test it on Nine first. Then let you know. You gather the men. Meet me here in say...two hours.” Axen said.

“Sure. Just make sure it works.” Harris said.

“Oh! And Harris. Don't forget some rope.” The two men parted and Axen went to work. It took Axen all of twenty minutes to have his part done. Then ran back home to get Quelen. She would defiantly want to be there for this. They gave Harris enough time to complete his end of things, then headed off to bubble Five. Axen did not want to stir the cannibals if he didn't have to. And once Harris and the others got to Axen' position, they all headed over to Five' doorway. Axen placed his door catch into place and had one of the men hold it.
“You'll need to hold it tight, don't let it go! Or the door will open wide, they'll come in, and you'll most likely die. So you hold it no matter what. When one comes out, we'll catch it. Even if it comes at you, you hold that door.” He said. The boy nodded.

“What if it comes right at me?” The boy asked.

“Don't worry! We'll have it roped the second it comes through. It's really important you hold that up. Understand?”

“Yes.” The boy answered.

“Good.” Axen turned. “You two will be on ropes. You hold yours that way and you over there. I'll rope the thing. The rest of you stay on guard, in case it gets past me.” Axen instructed. They got themselves ready as Axen keyed in the series of numbers and hit the 'open door' button. His finger ready on the 'close' button. At first they saw no one, nothing. But then some foliage shook and one of the human eaters came racing toward the open door. Just as it passed the threshold, Axen slipped the two rope loops over it's head and they were pulled tight. He pushed the 'close' button just before the rest came running up. Glad the whole operation went so smooth. Now they had one of the cannibals to test. It fought and pulled at the ropes with all it's might. Screaming and slashing it's arms. Going wild and crazy. Biting at the ropes. Trying desperately to get free. But it was caught. They pulled it down to bubble Two and tied it between two trees. Elson stood staring at the wild young boy. Hissing and growling at him. Elson tried to feed it some food but the boy only slashed it's arms. Trying to claw at Elson.

“We'll leave him here for now. He'll get hungry soon. Then he'll have to eat.” Elson said. So the rest of them left the young cannibal to Elson's care.

“Do we close the door?” Axen asked the teacher. 

“No, doesn't look like the kid knows how to get the ropes off. So we'll leave it open. I'll have to keep an eye on this though.” Harris said. “Thanks.”

“Of course.” Quelen cut in. “Hope Elson' able to do something with the kid. Otherwise we might have to kill it.” She said.

“True,but we'll at least give ole Elson the chance. Let him see for himself. Then maybe he'll get off my back about it.” Harris said.

“Or maybe not.” Elson stepped up. “But I'll do my very best to try and civilize the boy.” He said.

“Just be careful. Don't need him running round the place.” Harris slapped the man' shoulder and paced off.


Chapter Twenty-One

The file was thick. Maybe two inches thick. But Professor Brinks took his time reading through it's pages. He had found some of it written in French and most in English. Enough to let him understand what was going on. He found the purpose of the plan for the bubbles he had been assigned to. What the government expected to find, and expected from the project. Which was nothing like he had seen. For one, the radioactive substance which was used on him and his people, was supposed to flow in through the entire bubble system. But it became contained and concentrated in just bubble Ten. The hunger shortage was also supposed to run through out the entire complex. That too had failed. Third, the power supply was supposed to run out...it didn't. Nothing the government designed to happen had worked correctly. Not even the doors opening after ten years. Which got the Professor to wondering about the other two units. “Had they also been programed for some sort of testing?” He thought. He found that one complex was, of course, for some sort of experiment, now gone wrong. Another designed for the rich and elite. And the last, which he wasn't sure of. He found that the file said, it's sole purpose was to hold every sort of heinous criminal kind. Murders, rapists, arsonist, thieves, drug dealers. Why...was another issue. The file did not say. “Maybe the government wanted to preserve crime. Maybe study it or  change it. Maybe to enhance it.” He thought. Which, he had no idea. But he did find that this third complex would never be opened automatically. It would need to be opened manually. And he found those codes in the file. 

The two men he had out searching came into the lab. They had brought some of the food they had gathered earlier that day. So the Professor ate. Glad for the nutrition. He gave the two men a game plan. Which only consisted of recon. He did not want them engaging in any conflicts. Or to be seen. They needed to move at night, which would give them cover from the sun as they were used to doing. But he also warned them that out here in this world, it could also prove to be very dangerous. Only because they had no idea if animals of some sort still lived and lurked about the area. But the things the Professor needed to know out weighed the dangers. He had unanswered questions. And those answers could only be found at that complex of bubbles. He wasn't sure which complex it was. The one with the rich and elite, or the one with criminals. Either way, his men were to check the place out and return to report their findings. He gave the men their instructions and sent them off to finish their days chores. They would leave late day, after the sun fell well below the horizon.

Brinks wandered off to see how his lab techs were doing. Hoping one of them had found something to help counter act the mutations that were occurring within them. But to his failed let down, nothing as of yet.  “Keep trying.” He told them and headed off to find his room. He walked past the noisy children who had found a music room and were playing with instruments. They were playing, out of tune songs for fun. Trying to sing along with it. He gave them a crooked smile and disappeared through a door. Down a hallway and found his room. Sat down on the edge of the bed and lay back. He closed his eyes and let his tired body rest as his mind raced off to a time before the bubbles. A time when he was mere inches away from a Nobel Prize. In fact, it was he, who had made the first break through on the radioactive cellular substance that he thought would change a world in need of repair. But then, he took notice of how the government had taken advantage of him. How they had stolen his break through ideas and then used it against him. But he had figured it out a little too late. Now he was the product of his own work. And he would work until his last dying breath to find a cure.


Chapter Twenty-Two

Elson worked with the cannibalistic child for more than six months. He had thought that he had broken through to the child' humane side just to find another beast within. And with no other choice, he killed the boy. Buried him and let Harris know of the progress. 

“I thought as much. But I can't blame you for trying.” Harris told the man. “Did you make sure he was dead?”
“More than dead. I cut his body up to be sure. Buried him to the far side of bubble Two. Over where that dead spot is. Nothing grows there. Can't figure out why. Even the animals avoid it. So I put one in a cage and set it there. The next day, it was nothing more than bones. Plum strange.” Elson told Harris

“Hm.” Harris thought. “I'll get a couple samples of it. See if I can figure it out. You'll have to show me where it is.” So Elson took the teacher over to the large ten foot diameter circle where he had claimed nothing would grow. Harris took a few samples of the soil and some of the soil from outside the circular shape. He took samples of the dirt near the surface and some of the dirt he had dug up,. Trying to go deep. It was a strange phenomenon. Defying the laws of nature.

“This is the only one you've found?” Harris asked.

“Yep, in here. But I did see one over in Five. Same place as this one. Same size and all.”

“Really? I hadn't noticed. But now that I've seen it., I'll keep an eye out for them.” Harris left Elson place and headed for the main kitchen. Seems that, as of lately, Darlene has found her place there. Running it like a restaurant. Making sure all the kids had their daily assignments and schedules for the day. She liked the control factor. And did it quite well. He spoke briefly with her in another language and found a place to sit and eat. A rabbit stew with large chunks of potato' and carrots. Where the woman got her seasonings, he sat enjoying his meal when he felt the hand of someone on his shoulder. Looked up to find Axen.

“So what's new?” Axen asked as he sat down and began eating. So Harris explained what Elson had done and the circle he had shown him. 

“Hm. I've got one of those over in Nine. Oh! And there's one in Ten and Three. I know cause I've seen them when I was in there. The circle even ate the ashes in Three into a perfect circle. Was weird.”

“Wonder if the other bubbles have one?” Harris questioned in wonder.

“Probably.” Axen said. “What they are for is a good question.”

“Ah! Trash!” They heard from behind them. The men turned to find Darlene. “They are used to dispose of trash. How it works is beyond me. All I know is anything organic can be disposed of. Even metals. Which takes longer but most anything can be gotten rid of. That's what I was told.” Darlene stated. “You throw it out on the circle and forget about it. Couple days, plastics and all...gone.” She grinned.

“Well, that solved that mystery.” Axen laughed. Harris told ?Darlene about the cannibal child and what Elson had to do.

“Sad.” She frowned. “Had they not grown up that way. It might have been different.”

“Axen...Axen!” Quelen called as she came running up. “ I was taking the kids for a long walk.” She was panting from the run. Holding Dillius in her arms. Oppy and Posie next to her. “ When we got over by bubble Five, I could see that they weren't in there.”

“Who wasn't in where?” Axen asked.

“The cannibals. They're not in their dome. They are outside!” She stated.
“You mean, out of Five?”

“Yes!”

“Did they get into Seven?” Harris asked.

“No sir. They're out in the world beyond. Their door is open. And we couldn't see any of them. Even when I banged on the door, they didn't come.”

“I climbed a tree to look.” Posie added.

“Gone huh?” Harris queried. Posie nodded.

“What should we do?” Quelen asked.

“Don't think there is anything we can do.” Harris told her. “The radiation out there is very strong. It'll probably do to them what it did to those in Ten.”

“They're gone too.” Axen claimed. “I haven't seen them in months.”

“Maybe their door opened automatically as well.” Darlene put in.

“Guess we'll have to go around and check the other doors.” Harris said.

“And what if one is open?” Axen asked.

“To tell the truth.” Harris sighed. “I can't stop anyone from leaving. If that's what they want. Personally, I don't recommend it. I think we should stay right here. It's safe and secure. We have plenty of food and clean water, and no fear of radiation poisoning, we should continue to keep checking the levels of radiation and wait until they're low enough to deal with. Then migrate slowly into that world. He told them. “We don't know what's out there. Besides, all we may find is the deformed and cannibals.” Harris looked around at everyone. “That's my opinion.” He finished.

“I'll agree to that.” Axen nodded. “And I would also suggest that we keep someone on each door from now on. If one is open, the cannibals might find it and get in.” Axen suggested.

“Good idea. Let's go check the doors. You and your wife check the eastern side. Darlene and I will take this side. Remember, One, Two, Nine and Ten have two outer doors. Ten we won't have to worry about.” Harris said then took his dirty plate to the kitchen. The others followed.

“We won't need to worry about Three or Five either.” Quelen added.

“Then that should make your job all the easier.” Harris grinned at her. The two teams split up and went about their separate tasks. Neither side found any open doors. So Harris mandated men to sit and watch each door. Changing shifts every four hours. The girls were in charge of keeping time for the men and sending out fresh eyes. Day and night. And for the next six months, they lived as they always had.



Chapter Twenty-Three

Miriam finally gave birth to her second child after hours of labor. Axen and Quelen managed to keep it all a secret. The child was female and looked exactly like her mother. Dark hair and eyes, small pudgy nose. Miriam' heart was torn but she did as she knew she must. She gave the child over to Spetol and Nehna with the understanding that, if they ever got out of these bubbles, they would have to give the child back to her. And that she had the right to visit and spend time with the child as much as she pleased. Besides, she needed to feed the child. So that gave her free reign. She named the child, Hopen. Spetol and Nehna agreed to her every term as they sat watching her feed the child with her mother' milk. Which she would need to do for at least a year. Several times a day. So Miriam moved in with them. The young couple were beside themselves. Knowing Miriam had trusted them enough to give the child over. Knowing they could never produce children. Axen and Quelen stood hugging Miriam, who was all tears, and said their goodbyes as mother took her child into her arms and headed off to Spetol' house. Remembering the look on Miriam' face the moment she took little Hopen into her arms for the very first time. The loving smile upon her face. And now seeing how much pain Miriam had to go through. It was bitter sweet.

“I swear, I'm going to get rid of that rule.” Axen stated. “Once Harris see' how messed up it is. He'll have to rethink it.”

“Maybe so.” Quelen cut in. “But the rule remains. So you need to be careful, with us both.” She gave him a narrowed look. Axen tried not to look her in the eyes. He knew she meant business and he did not want to cross her. Miriam spent her day with Spetol and Nehna, fussing over the child. Teaching them what they needed to know about caring for a child. 

Axen and Quelen headed off to find their own trouble. They were walking past the boy assigned to watch the outer door in bubble Seven. When they found him asleep. Axen kicked the boys leg so hard, he knew it would leave a good bruise. The boy jumped to his feet, rubbing his leg.

“If Harris had caught you...do you know what he would have done?” Axen asked the boy.

“He would beat me.” The sleepy boy answered.

“Or worse.” Axen added. “You only have to sit here for four hours. And keep watch on this door. Not sleep. So find a book and read. Keep yourself occupied. Because , I ever catch you sleeping again, You won't wake up...ever!” Axen told him.

“Sorry sir.” The boy stood up straight. Just then the door slid open. Axen looked at the boy then at Quelen.

“Go get Harris!” He told the boy who ran quick to find the teacher. Axen drew his knife. Standing at the doorway. Quelen went to the control panel and pushed the 'close door' button. The door slid shut and clicked.

“Why did it do that?” He asked her.

“Because I shut it. I could feel the heat of the radiation. And we don't know what else is out there. I'm sure the door will reopen if we want it to. Look.” She pushed the 'open' door button and the door slid open again. So she re closed it. Proving her point.
“We'll have to show this to Harris.” He said. It took the teacher a half hour to get there. Axen showed the man what could be done with the door now that it was in manual mode. So Harris went to the control panel and reprogrammed new numbers into the door' security code. A set of numbers he could use and remember.

“Now I can get accurate readings when I need them. We'll still keep someone on this door. Does it open?” He asked. So Quelen opened the door for him. Harris stood a moment and took a couple readings then had her close it again.

“What's it say?” She asked him.

“Says that the levels are still above normal tolerance. Might be a few more years before it comes down enough we can go out into it. One good thing, this does give me a better look at what's needed. Who found the open door?” Harris asked.

“Well, Quelen and I were walking and we found Romnic watching the door. So we stopped to talk. And it just opened. So I sent him to find you.”

“Good thing too. Romnic' know for falling asleep on his job. Had you two not come along. Who knows how long it could have stayed open before he figured it out. Or what could have come through that door. You sure he wasn't asleep?”

“He wasn't sleeping sir.” Axen stated. “He was humming one of those tunes he sings.”

“Drawing in the sand.” Quelen put in. But Harris gave the boy a inquisitive look anyway. Then paced off. After Harris had left, Romnic thanked Axen for not getting him into trouble.

“Let that bruise on your leg be a reminder of what I've said. And don't ever let me catch you again.” Axen raised his brows. Romnic nodded. Quelen tossed the boy an apple and they continued on their walk. The two of them made their way down to bubble Three and stopped. The darkened glass was peeling away in large flakes as they floated to the already ash covered grounds. It was as if the bubble was trying to heal itself. Ridding it's burnt remains. Shedding the reminiscence of blacken char. Cleansing itself. They stood watching the spectacle as it began from the top of the dome and made it's way downward. Black snow flakes of charred remains. They watched it until the last of it was pealed from the glass. Then felt a heavy thud. So strong it made them jump. Vibrating through their bodies. Sending the ash in bubble Three up into the air. Then out of no where it spun into a twister. Spinning faster and faster like someone had hit a switch on a blender and it's content spun out of control. It spun until every last speck of ash was a flutter. Racing inward to the center of the twisting phantasmagoria. Drawing itself in ever tighter and then tighter yet, as if it were being drawn into a black hole. Sucking in the universe around it. Axen wondered what the government had designed in there and why. Suddenly it was completely gone. As if sucked into another dimension. Gone maybe to another realm in time and space, which, they had no clue. Inside the dome all went silent. Not one flake of ash remained. Nothing, save the huge boulders of melted metals that stood like barren rocks on some unknown alien planet. Axen glanced over at Quelen who was trying to see where all the ash had gone. She looked over at him with wide eyes.

“That was so strange yet so cool!” She said.

“What hasn't been?” He queried. “This whole place is...strange. Which makes me wonder. What's gonna happen in the rest of the bubbles? We use the most of them to farm with. And we don't know what we're up against. I don't think this place is as safe as the teacher says it is. I think that something else is going on. And we're gonna get stuck in the middle of it.” He stated.

“How do you know?” Quelen asked him.

So he stopped and spun her to face him. “Listen!” He began. “You hear that?” He said. “That hum?”

“Yeah.”

“I used to hear that same hum back when we first came here. Way back before I ever met you. Then it stopped for a long long time. Now it's back and all this crazy stuff is happening. Have you seen Ten lately?”

“No why?”

“Because the whole dome is melted into a big glass pool. I don't know how or when it happened, but it did. Just a few days ago.”

“Did you tell Harris?” She asked.

“Why? He doesn't have any answers. Besides, he would only find some excuse for it. Remember? He used to work for the government. He was in the Army government from what he's told me. Military he said. Him and Darlene always talking in that language we don't know. And they won't teach us. And now. All of this . Doors that are opening. Radiation levels dropping. And this!” He pointed at bubble Three.

“Dome Ten and those strange circles. Just appearing out of no where.” He looked her in the eyes. “I think this place is running again. Like it was supposed to. And we're a bunch of animals caught in it's cage. I don't know about you...but I want out!” He told her.

“You know I go, where you go. Miriam won't leave Hopen.”

“I figure as much. She'll have to fend for herself. Let Spetol and Nehna take care of her and the kids. There's plenty for them here. We'll take what we can carry. Pack it all up and take little Posie. Leave this place. I think we can make it through the radiation to the far side of it. And we'll be okay. I've been doing my own readings, and they are much lower than what Harris has been saying they are.”

“Why would he say that?” Quelen asked.

“To keep us inside these bubbles. He doesn't want any of us to leave.” Axen said.

“You really think so?”

Axen kissed her. “I do!” He said.

“So what do we do?” Quelen wanted to know. 

“Come,. We need to keep this quiet.” He lead her back home.
Chapter Twenty-Four

Harris sat at his desk. Worried look upon his face. He too had noticed the constant hum. It was low enough not to be heard easily yet soft enough to be felt in ones chest like a low bass, if one lay still and felt it. Other wise, it wasn't noticeable. But he had noticed. He had been seeing the results of it and it scared him. He had his strict instructions. Given to him almost thirty years ago. And even now, he would stick to those instructions. Authorized by the President of these United States of America. A president he did not know, whether or not, even lived. But he was a military man and would defend the constitution of his country. A country gone to waste. Eaten by it's own people until nothing but barren wasteland existed. So he sat with his face in his hands. Staring over the files that sat in front of him. He was able to obtain all but two of the ten files. Hidden within each of the bubbles. Hidden inside each kitchen' pantry. The same place he had found the different items. Geiger counters, lights, medical supplies, and the such.

These files were the sole purpose of this mission. He was glancing over the file for Bubble Ten. Found that it had flaws designed in it's dome. So that it would easily collapse. Saw where that flaw was created. Read about the bomb that was delivered to knock that hole into that dome. And how the bubble was supposed to last one year after and then melt down to nothing but a glass pool. Preserving all beneath it. For later observation. In each file he read what was expected and what was going to happen. Leaving only one bubble to remain untouched. His. Bubble Seven. The one he claimed for himself. Sending everyone else to the other domes. His sphere would be the only lasting bubble. Untouched and unpopulated. Leaving him to live and all else to die. He stood up and took his files over to his secret hiding spot. He could not afford any one else getting a hold of them. It would cause chaos and he couldn't have that. He then headed over to the kitchen in bubble Eight. He was hungry. 


Chapter Twenty-Five

By the evenings falling, Professor Brinks had sent his two best men out on a mission. They were instructed to make their way to the bubbled complex, check each bubble for life, and report back with every detail possible. The Professor needed to know if there were any strange occurrences there. He knew that it might take them a couple days so he busied himself in his work. Sitting along side his coworkers. Each of them trying to figure out a solution. Each of them hoping to find it. So that their lives could find some normalcy. Each of them fighting for their lives and the lives of those around them. Especially the children. He sat taking notes, writing out formulas searching his microscope, mixing vials, and secretly praying he would find what he was looking for. The team already had a base in which to work off of. They just needed to figure out how to manipulate that base to do what they need it to do.

Two nights later, Professor Brinks men returned. They sat with the Professor to give their reports.

“What news do you bring me?” He asked as he slid a pad of paper in front of each of them. The men sat writing down their every detailed thought of their accounts. What they saw, felt, heard, smelled, and could decipher. When they had gotten done with their reports the Professor told them to go back over them and make sure they missed...nothing. After which, he read them. The men sat awaiting word from their leader. Brinks read the first one, sat it down, picked up the second, and read it. When he had finished, he looked up at them.

“Good job. He praised them. “We'll need to get you healed so that you two can go find the other complex. Do the same. For now, I've got a lot to consider. Go eat, rest.” He sent them off. While he took what they had written back to his room. Then sat with the thick file he had found. Glancing through it's pages. He was looking for any similarities between what the men reported and what he had found in the file. And what he found surprised him.


Chapter Twenty-Six

Axen and Quelen were both on the same page as far as what they could see was going on around them and what they knew. Axen knew that the teacher, Harris, was up to no good and he wanted to get his family out. But he had a glitch...Miriam! She just had a child in which she was forced to give up to another family. She was also spending her every waking moment with them, and Axen knew that he and Quelen would never convince Miriam to leave her child behind. And they knew that Miriam was too weak to be traveling. Her or the child. So they decided to leave on their own. Without Miriam knowing. Or at least, leave her to believe they were off on some mission, which was what Quelen wanted him to tell her. So once the two of them and their daughter Posie had gotten their grains packed, fruits dried and some dried meats, bottle water, and what weapons Axen could obtain, they let Miriam know that they were both leaving for a while. Which Miriam was fine with.

Axen and Quelen gathered their things and headed off toward the outer door to bubble Seven. When they got to the door, they found Romnic asleep again. So Axen kicked him in his side. The boy jumped to his feet. Unsure if he should try and run or fight. Rubbing his sore side. But this time Axen paced past him. He got to the door and opened it. Axen looked back at the wide eyed kid and told him to keep his mouth shut. Or very bad things would happen to him. After all, the boy had been caught sleeping on the job...again. So the boy promised to say nothing. And as Axen and Quelen slipped out of the bubbled complex, the boy shut the door. He stood watching as the family disappeared from sight.

Axen took Posie' hand and guided her along. She was full of questions, which Axen preferred her to wait on. They walked in silence for an hour. Which was a good thing. They heard something up ahead. Stopped and hid in the thick foliage. Ahead of them was a pack of cannibals. They were grunting, in search of food. Sniffing the air and eating insects. Slowly making their way along. The family had to wait for them to move on. Then were back on their way. The trek was slow going. But after another two grueling hours of walking, they finally stumbled upon a small shack. Axen looked it over and had to break a lock from it's front door. Inside they found a few tools and a long wide bench. Which they used to sleep on for the night. The next morning, they headed out after eating something. Posie never complained once. This was a whole new wonderful world for her and she wanted to see it all. 

Axen found an old dirt road and followed it south. They stuck to the road best they could. Not wanting to veer off of it. Somehow Axen knew it would lead them somewhere. They had gotten far enough away from the cannibals, Axen did not need to worry about them. But he stayed on his guard regardless. He let Posie bomb him with questions. Answering best he could. Of course, he knew he didn't have all the answers. And the ones he thought he knew, he hoped were good enough to appease her. Quelen had to smile. Axen was a good father, patient, kind, loving, and very protective of his family. They felt another rumble in the ground. Turned to see flames and smoke rising from the distance. It was coming from the bubble compound they had left the day before. Wondering what had happened. But not wanting to ever go back. So they stood for a few moments watching the large black cloud of smoke growing overhead. Then turned and headed off. They walked yet another day and as Axen searched for another safe place to sleep, Quelen kept Posie occupied. Singing one of Romnic' silly songs, laughing, and answering what questions she could. Giving Axen the advantage to stay alert.
“Here!” He pointed. It was an old abandoned box truck. He took a few moments to figure out how to open the slide door to the back of the truck. Once he got it open and climbed in to check it out, he helped his wife and daughter inside. Slid the door shut and they settled in.

“Daddy, is this where we're gonna live?” Posie asked.

“No. we're just gonna sleep here for the night.” He smiled. “Tomorrow  we'll keep on moving.”

“To where?” The child wanted to know.

“To a place the teacher once told me about. A place where the buildings are a mile high, vast open waters, and things he called cars.”

“What's a cars?” She asked.

Sure. The teacher said that we people used them to get around in. they help you to travel far distances.” Axen rubbed her cheek with the back of his fingers. “You have to remember...this is all new for me and daddy too.” Quelen put in.

“So we'll have to figure it all out together as we go. Always watch out for one another. Okay?” Axen smiled. Posie smiled with a nodding head.

“Here, eat something.” Axen gave the girls a bit to eat. He needed to ration what they had. Not knowing if hey would be able to find more or not. They sat eating with light conversation, when they heard something outside the box truck that they were in. What ever it was carried a deep menacing growl. Deep sniffs could be heard at the door. But what ever it was, couldn't get in. and with no windows to see out of, Axen couldn't tell nor see what it was. All they could do was to sit as quiet as they could. Listening. Whatever was at their door, stayed for an hour before it went quiet...too quiet. Then they heard claws scraping and padded foot steps as the beast climbed up onto the truck. It's footsteps shook the truck a moment or two then heard it jump back to the ground. It let out a growl and left a rustle as it ran off into the trees. Axen let his knife sink down to his leg as he let out his breath and relaxed. The three of them lay back and tried to get comfortable enough to sleep. When Axen saw light shining in through the few finger sized holes in the sides of the truck, he figured it to mean daylight. So he slowly lifted the door and took a peek outside. Saw no one and nothing as he emerged. Took a look around and saw the huge paw prints in the dirt. The girls were still asleep and he didn't want to bother them at the moment. He circled around to the cab of the truck and climbed up into the cab through it's open door and sat behind the driver side wheel. Saw the keys that hung in the ignition. Had no clue what they were for or any of the other buttons or switches. But he also knew he was smart and crafty. Loved little challenges like this. So he began to play with the different buttons and switches.

“Hm! Needs power.” He thought as he looked the dashboard over. Pulled out the keys and slid them back in. Heard a faint ding and smiled. He continued to move the keys around until he figured out that they needed to be turned. And as he did, the trucks starter rolled over the engine and it came to life. Rumbling away. He laughed to himself, then looked out the side window at his wife and child. Who were standing next to the truck staring up at him.

“It has power!” He laughed.

“Axen, you scared us. We wake up and you were gone. Then this thing started up. It scared me and Posie.” Quelen gave him a mad look. 

“Sorry. Was just trying to get power to this thing.”

“What is it?” Posie asked.

“Not sure. Maybe a people car. Come. Climb up.” He waved and the girls climbed in with him. They were searching the trucks cab when Quelen found the owners manual.

“Says that this is a utility truck.” She said.

“Truck huh. Teacher mentioned trucks once. Said people used the long ago to carry large amounts of food and supplies.”

“Says to turn.” Quelen looked over at the keys and pointed. “Those, to start it. This thing here makes it move.” And as she read through the manual, they got a basic idea of how to run the thing. Having any real skill at it was another thing. Axen tested all the mechanisms to get a feel for them. Then put the truck into gear. The machine lurched forward. He looked for a way to stop it. Quelen pointed at a pedal on the floor.

“Push that!” She said and the truck squealed to a halt. Throwing everyone forward. Quelen gave him a sour look. Posie laughed. Quelen went back to the book for further information and instructions. “Says to push the brakes slow and steady. That other pedal makes it go faster.”

“Faster!” Axen hit the gas pedal and the truck sped forward. Throwing them back into their seats. He was having fun with the machine. Posie squealed with delight. Quelen slapped his arm.

“Stop playing around. You'll get us killed.” 

“Okay, okay.” He eased back on the gas and steered the truck straight down the road. The only time he had to turn the thing was when a curve came up or he had to maneuver around another abandoned vehicle. They drove the truck until they came to a small town. The buildings were abandoned like a ghost town. Nothing but trash fluttered the streets.

“Look Axen, that's a place for food. Stop here and we can look.” Quelen pointed. They slowed to a stop as Axen put the truck into park. He left it running. Then got out and went to the door to look in. but it was locked. So Axen smashed the glass window in the door and reached in to find the lock. Inside the store they found shelves full of food. Quelen found bags to put the stuff in. Most items, they had no clue what it was. So if it smelled good to them, they took it. Most all the produce, meats, and some of the refrigerated items were spoiled. Taking only what they were sure remained good. Loaded their bags into the truck and drove off. They drove for miles and miles. Through thick heavy foliage laden woods. The tall trees blotted out the skies above. Giving them only enough light to see their way along the road. Axen had to push a couple vehicles, that were left in the road, out of the way so they could get past. They were happily pacing along in their rumbling truck when all of a sudden, Axen was forced to stop. Ahead of them stood a chain link fence. Built right across the road they were on. He looked over at Quelen as she looked at him. Little Posie had to sit forward in her seat to see what her parents were looking at.

“What?” She asked. Axen looked the fence over. Saw that there was no way for him to turn either left or right.

“What do we do Axen. We can't go back.” Quelen stated. 

“We could go back to that place we found the food. Find some where to live there.”

“No!” Quelen flatly said.

“Then what do you want me to do?” He asked her.

“Go through it like you did those other cars.”

“Yeah, let's go!” Posie repeated.

“Okay. Hang on!” He said as he hit the gas and they bolted through the locked gates. Quelen hung her head out her window to look back at the fence as it spun and fell to the road. Onward they drove.

“What's that?” Posie pointed at her fathers rear view side mirror that hung on his door.

“It's a mirror.” He said.

“No. What's in the mirror?” She again pointed. Axen glanced at the window then at the mirrors reflection and saw something huge and dark chasing them. It was just coming through the gate. It paused for a moment then paced on after them. So Axen pressed the truck to go faster. Leaving whatever it was, that gave chase, behind them.


Chapter Twenty-Seven


It took Harris a full two days before he noticed that  Axen and Quelen were both missing. Their child as well. At first, he searched the entire compound. Then began to question everyone. Wanting to know where they were. But his search was cut short as he heard an explosion. It was strong enough to knock him to the ground. When he got back to his feet, he turned and saw smoke rising up from somewhere around bubble Three. He had felt that same bubble give way to a blast when it sucked away all it's ash. This time the entire bubble had blown up. Popped like a soap bubble made by a child. Why? How? He had no idea. All he knew, was that it had been programmed to do so. And he knew that in just three more days, another event would be taking place. Programmed to force any remaining survivors into the only bubble that would remain untouched. And that bubble was, Seven. But Harris had his own agenda. And it did not include any of the others. He had been secretly hoarding away supplies, food, medicine, weapons, and tools. Now that he had claimed bubble Seven as his own, he could hide what he knew he would need. And each day his storage’s grew larger. He had three days until the next event. This time it would be in bubble Five. Just as it was written in the file he kept hidden. So he headed over to Five to have a look. This was the bubble where cannibals were once living. And yet they managed to escape their prison. Pulled out his long knife and used it's handle to pound on the glass door. Waiting to see if any of them were still in there. He did not want to confront the human flesh eating beasts if they still lurked about. But he got no response. So he went in and Quickly gathered all he could carry. Making as many trips back and forth as was necessary. From there, all he had to do was drag the stuff to the door and leave it. Where he could gather it up later. It took him the better part of a day to gather what he wanted from that bubble. He had had enough for one day and would return in the morning to double check. He thought as he was carrying his spoils back to his shelter. Stashing it all in his dining area. Once he had gotten done with his secret task, he headed over to the kitchen in Eight to eat. He needed to keep up his persona. Met Darlene at the door who had Romnic by the arm.

“Harris. I think Romnic here has something to tell you, go on boy. Tell him.” She pushed Romnic forward.

“What is it? You fall asleep again?”

“No sir, I think I know where Axen and Quelen went.”

“I already know. You let them out. But that's fine. If they think they can make it out there in the radiation with no supplies or food. Then fine!” He said. “I'm not mad at you for not telling. I know Axen must of threatened you to stay quiet. So don't worry about it. Besides, I've changed all the codes. We don't need any more disobedience in here. Go eat.” He told the boy with a wave. Romnic took no time pacing off.

“Your just going to let them go?” Darlene asked.

“Yes.” 

“Why?” She glared at him.” “If I may ask.”

“How long do you think they'll make it out there? Those deformed people are out there, the cannibals are out there, there are high levels of radiation out there. And who knows what else. If they survive, then good for them. If not. Then we've gotten rid of the two biggest trouble makers. And you have to admit, Quelen was nothing but trouble.” He stated.

“She was.” Darlene began. “But she was also a big help with the others. She was smart and knew how to do things a lot better than the others did. Besides, I miss them. I think we should send someone to go find them.”

“Who?” Harris narrowed his eyes. “Who are you going to send? No one here can track them. No one knows where they have went. Or which direction. Let alone, if they're even alive or not. I'm not going to expose myself to those elements...will you?  He countered. His words hurt Darlene as swell as silence her. She knew she would not do it. Too afraid of the unknown.

“Good then. Let them go. We have all the others to protect. And I'll tell you what.” Harris paused. “If they make it back, we'll let them in. If not, then I'm not going to let it bother me.” Harris pushed past her and went to making his plate. Sat and ate. Not once looking up from his food. Darlene called him a few names under her breath. Angered at his snide attitude. Harris sat with his meal. He could not look at the children as people anymore. Not after he decided to turn his back on them. Use them, and discard them. No, they were simply lab rats in a cage. And he considered himself the smartest rat there. The one that always lived. So he ate his meal and quietly left. Not caring what was going on around him, or how things in the other bubbles were being done. To him, they were frivolous. He had other matters to tend with. Darlene stood at the door with a puzzled look on her face. Watching him walk away. She felt that something in Harris was not right. As far as Harris was concerned. And she wanted to know what. But then her attention was diverted. So she had to make a mental note to check up on the man. 
Harris made his way back to his quarters and sat with the next file. Reading through it to familiarize himself with what to expect out of the bubbles. On the back of that file, he found a series of numbers. What they were for, he was clueless. But he read off the numbers so he could remember them. If they were on the file, they must be important. That much he knew. He slid the files back into hiding. Climbed in bed. Bubble Five would wait until morning.


Chapter Twenty-Eight


Professor Brinks sat with the thick government file and note his men had taken for him. After the Professor had sent his men out to check on another set of bubbles, the government had built, he turned to the one he had been assigned to. Called the Coup d'essai, French for experiment. Then flipped a few pages over to the one his men had found. Called the Au Fond, French for fundamental. It was a complex the government had placed every kind of high security  heinous criminal and psychopath. But to his surprise...they were gone. Gone from every bubble. While inside the bubbles lay nothing more than concrete and chains. No buildings for housing. No beds, nothing but strands of chains. Everyone bolted to the center of the domes floor. Spread out in a pin wheel spiral. Each length of chain had twenty metal shackles welded equally along the length of chain. Designed to hold the leg of a prisoner. Every one empty. Doors were left open. An abandoned structure. From what the Professors men could tell. It was when his men were returning that gave answers as to where the prisoners had disappeared to. One of the men injured himself when he stumbled and fell over the pile of glossy white bones that lay on the ground not more than two hundred feet from each door. It was as if someone had brought in thousands of inmates, chained them to the floor then conveniently left the doors open for something wild to come in, kill, and eat them. Dragging their bodies off and had eaten them out in the yard.

But what struck the Professor funny was something he read in his fat file. The simple phrase...sulfuric acid. “Hm!” He thought. “Could they have been released. Giving them the option to survive for as long as they live. Or had they been killed and eaten. Or maybe worse.” He wondered. “And if eaten...by what?” He wasn't sure. After all, he and his people had walked through the region unscathed. As well as his two men who had went to survey the bubbled domes. Neither of them claim to have seen any sort of animal. Nor heard any, or had they smelled any. “Curious.” The Professor said to himself. But then one of his men came running into the room. He grabbed a pad of paper and was quickly jotting down his words. Slid the paper over to the professor and began to write more. His first note read; 'was outside. Saw a truck drive by.' The second note read, 'Think it was Axen from the bubble we came from. Him and a girl!'

The Professor looked up at him. “Are you sure?” He asked. The man nodded. “I don't see how. The boy should not know how to drive. Unless he's a smart one.” Brinks said. Then looked up again. “Which way?” He asked. The man pointed south. Then raised his finger and wrote the words, 'they were being followed.'

“Followed? By who?” the Professor asked.

'Not who...what?' The man wrote.

“Then what was it?”

“Don't know!” The man wrote. 'It was dark, looked like a wolf, maybe bear, or something.'
“Well which was it?” The Professor insisted.

'I'm sorry sir, can't give it a name. But it was large as a horse and fast. Black as night. Hard to see from shadows.'

“I think the government has been playing God again. If I'm not mistaken, gene manipulation was both my and Professor Sharps forte. Something they must have stolen from both of us. Which is probably why Dr. Sharp is dead.” Professor Brinks waved off the man after thanking him and sat back in his chair. Then spoke to himself.

“What are you up to?” He questioned. “One complex for your little experiments, another for holding human food, but for what kind of beast? And how many? And what's this last compound for?” He asked out loud. Tapping the tips of his fingers on the table. Staring at an empty coffee cup which he picked up and turned it upside down. Then sat staring through the clear glass like a bubble.


Chapter Twenty-Nine

The three of them drove as far as the trucks fuel would take them. It spit and sputtered as it ran out of gas and the engine quit running. Axen having never put gas in a vehicle and  had no idea what was happening. He twisted the key, heard the engine turn over, but it refused to start. A couple more times and they gave up on it.

“Gather your things, we'll walk. This road has to lead somewhere.” He helped the girls out and they headed off down the road. They walked for most of the day. And as the sun was dipping low, temperatures dropping, with a slight snow that floated down In lazy flakes, Axen knew he needed to find them a place to settle in. He had to convince them both that there was a nice warm place just ahead. But after ten more miles...nothing.

“Look!” Axen pointed. “I see light that way.” He scooped up Posie, who was way too exhausted to walk any further, and her things and they paced on. Quelen right by his side. Never once did she complain. She would follow Axen anywhere. Even unto death if need be. They drew closer to the lights they had seen in the distance. Axen set Posie down so she could walk on her own. They rounded a small hill and stopped in their tracks. Shocked looks hit their faces like fear. Even little Posie'.

“Are we back home Daddy?” She asked. Looking out over the long stretch of bubbles that sat nestled neatly within the confines of the hills around them.

“No Posie. This is not the home we have left. This is another one.” He told her.

“Look Axen, there are twelve bubbles not ten.” Quelen noted.

“I see. And these bubbles look cleaner. Like someone has been cleaning around the out side. And look there.” He pointed down at a vehicle that was driving slow around the bubbles perimeter.

“Who are they?” Quelen asked.

“Could be the army government military people.” Axen guessed.

“Will they help us?”

“I don't think so. Not from what the teacher told me. He said that they would kill us if they found us out here. Or would take us away from each other. And never see each other again.”

“Maybe we should just go then.” Quelen was worried.

“We need shelter. Maybe I can get one of their cars. We could use it to keep going south.” He said.

“How?” Posie asked.

“We'll get a little closer, then I'll go up alone and get one. I'll come pick you two up. Okay?” He said as they nodded. Come. But stay quiet.” He told them as they quickly  moved in closer. Once they got to a good location, Axen found a sign that read; 'Military Installation – Do not enter!' He told the girls to hide behind the sign and watch for him. He ran part way down the road and disappeared into the thicket. He was gone for more than twenty minutes. Quelen and Posie were getting worried. They had seen a few more men out pacing the grounds and heard a car coming. Slipped back into the shadow and watched as it passed. While Axen ran through the tall grasses, he kept his head down low. Eyes ever on the look out. He had no idea who these people were or if they were friendly. And he did not take any chances of getting caught. He moved in slow and steady. His focus was on one of the vehicles that sat on the outside edge of the parking lot of cars. He looked to make sure he could drive the vehicle out through the grass and then onto the road. He closed in on his mark. But then froze and squatted down below the grass. He had heard voices speaking in some language he had heard the teachers speaking. It had a soft appeal to it's tone, which he liked, but had no clue as to what those words meant. So he waited, watching the two men as they walked away. Once they were far enough away he slid over to the cars. And began to try their doors. He found a couple that were open but had no keys inside. So he had to move in closer toward the bubbled domes. He stopped at the glass staring out at the night. Turned as he caught a glimpse of someone inside the bubble.

The young girl was standing at the glass staring out at him. She turned to see if anyone else saw what she had. But they were all moving around in weird ways. Flopping their arms and legs as they moved in some hypnotic dance. He slipped  up to the glass and was watching all those inside. Staring at all the beautiful wonders they held in there. The beautifully laced dresses the women wore compared to the burlap looking attire he was used to. The gold necklaces, bracelets, rings, and all . They were mesmerizing. But he did not have time for such fancy things. He had a car to find. He turned and saw the young girl staring at him. So he put a finger to his lips. As he tried to imitate those dancing inside. Which made her giggle. He waved goodbye and she ran off with a wave. As did he. He tried a few more cars. Found one with it's keys inside and quickly glanced around. Seeing no one, he got in and started the vehicle. Slowly pulled out and was on his way. Once he had made the road, just before the sign he had left the girls hiding at, he stopped. Opened his door and loudly whispered.

“Quelen!” Hearing his voice the girls came running. They climbed inside and they were off. They had not made it very far when they heard sirens.

“Quick! Can you find the drive book and tell me how to find the lights, It's hard to see the road.” He hunched over the steering wheel to help keep them on the road. The girls searched and found an owners manual. Quelen quickly glanced through the book to find what they needed.

“Here, it's right there. Pull that button.” She pointed. And as Axen pulled the knob, the lights came to life.

“Oo wah!” Posie cooed with excited wonder.

“That's better.” Axen smiled.

“I heard horns for warnings.” Quelen mentioned.

“So did I. Maybe for us. I don't know. We'll get away as far as we can. Never look back.”

“Did you see the bubble?” Quelen queried.

“I did. I was right up next to it. I could see lots of people inside. They were eating, and drinking, and moving around in circles, and they wore pretty things all over them. Laughing and playing. But I had to come get you, so I could not see more.”

“Was it like our home?” She asked.

“No. There was no gardens, not like ours. And all of the inside was like our dining hall. except better and cleaner. No soil or plants with fruit. And the people come around to give them more food and drink. And they were all fat and round. With colored faces and hair that floated around their heads.” He explained best he could.

“I wish we could of lived there instead.” She frowned.

“I don't. Cause we might not of ever met and had Posie. I love our lives just as they are.” He winked at her.

“Just watch the road or you'll kill us. And we won't have a life to love.” Axen drove on with intent on finding their new home. He passed another old truck someone had left abandoned. It reminded them of the one they had first learned to drive. Which got them to telling tales of it.

“Posie was the best story teller. Letting her young imagination fly to new heights. She told of how her father had found the truck and made it into a bed. Then with his magical finger, he made it to run. And they tore off in a cloud of dust. Stealing all the food from a little town her father scared everyone away from. And how he called up a magical beast to watch over them. Right up to how her father found the new bubbles and made the people inside build her father a new car so they could keep going south. Her story was so cute and untrue, it made them all laugh. They took their time driving...always south. Hoping to find new lands, a new life, a new home. Something far away from what they had both grew up living. Axen now twenty four years of age, Quelen twenty three...wanted more for their daughter. Who was only seven years old. And just as beautiful as her mother. But more the adventurous type like her father.

“How far do you think this place is?” Quelen asked.

“I'm not sure. The teacher told me that we would cross a really long bridge. Then we would find the new land. Our new home. So we need to drive until we find this long bridge.” He told his wife. “So you might as well sit back and get some rest. I'll let you know if anything changes. And for the next four hours, he drove in silent aspire. While the girls slept. He was coming up on a small village sized town. Slowed down to search for a place that held food. Stopping in front of a gas station. He recognized the picture Quelen had shown him of a gas pump. He wanted to make sure the car stayed running and did not die like the truck did. He got out and searched for a way to get the fuel into his car. Quelen stepped out to help him. Between the two of them, they figured out how to work the pump and got the car full of fuel. Axen even filled two five gallon containers he had found inside the station and put them in the trunk. They stocked up on what food they could find, a couple blankets and more clothing. Now that Axen had seen what those rich people were wearing. Posie found a few jars of candy and she dumped the sweet treats into a plastic bag and sneaked them out to the car. Just as her father would have done. And they were off again.


Chapter Thirty

It ran with feathered pace. It's large padded paws were as large as a man's chest. It's nose was to the wind. It had a scent it was honed in on, and it would not veer from that scent. How many times had it been right there and lost it's prey. It first found that scent inside a large truck. Unsure if the prey was inside or not, so it waited. But then lost it. It drove off in that large truck. So all it could do was chase the vehicle. It almost caught up with the truck when it stopped in some small town. But just as it caught up., the truck drove off again. Frustrated and hungry it growled. Then took up it's pace again. Hoping to catch them the next time they stopped. It saw the truck stop at a fence and picked up it's pace. It knew it had it's prey this time. But then the truck rammed the fence and drove off. Again it growled. But ran on. The next time it found the truck, it was parked in the middle of the road. Excited, it tore open the box end of the truck. Sniffed around at the desired scent it sought. Pulled open one of the cab doors and again it sniffed at the fresh scent. Turned to the wind and caught the scent. Broke into a run as the sky above was darkening.

It followed the scent down one hill and around another. It had to jump and hide in the tall thicket and shadows as a vehicle passed by. It sniffed the air as the truck drove by but did not smell the scent it searched for. Once the truck passed, it bolted out again. Found a spot where it's prey had sat. Sniffing that very spot. It was about to turn but then heard voices. It's hunger set in and an any meal was worth the trouble. So it slithered through the tall grasses. Sneaked between the cars and lay wait for the two humans to pass right in front of it. There was no surprise attack. No...it simply waited until the men had passed by then crept out and took one swipe at them. Taking one man's head off and slicing open the back of the other man. Both fell to the ground. And it ate them at it's leisure. Savoring the taste of sweet crimson. It's eyes lifted as it saw movement, and with one eye on it's meal and the other on what it had found, it finished it's meal then went to investigate what it had found in the glass compound. It had experienced this type of building before. It licked at the glass as it paced around the bubble. Totally forgetting about the other prey it had been chasing for miles. Here, it had found another potential food source and would find itself a safe cave near by or some place it could bed down. New hunting grounds gave it comfort.


Chapter Thirty-One

Harris made his way down to bubble Five. He still had unfinished business in there. There was still worth while supplies he wanted that the cannibals had not gotten into or destroyed. He worked with a steady pace to remove the well needed things. He worked his way over too Five' outer door to make sure it was shut and locked. But when he got there he found it open again. His eyes darted about himself. Hoping  he had not been tricked. So he closed the door again. Pushed the lock button and turned to walk away. He heard a click and then the door opening up. Spun around to find no one there. Puzzled, he shut the door again, but did not lock it this time. Waited a few moments and shrugged as he turned to leave. He had gotten all of fifty feet from the door and spun around to find a young girl at the door. She was smiling a toothy smile at him. She pushed the 'open' button and as the door opened she and the other cannibals came pouring in. Harris ran like his life depended on it, and it very well did.  They were circling both sides of him, trying to flank him, as he headed straight toward Seven' door. Which he had left open. He hit the 'close' button as he ran through, pulled his knife and spun on his heels. His timing was perfect. The door shut and locked just as the human eaters made the glass door. Slamming into it with growls, clawing hands, and screams. The young girl was pushing buttons, but Harris had changed the doors codes to something more complex. Just for this very reason. She stopped and looked at him with wild eyes. Hissed and paced off. Harris stood staring at her and the others. Glad he had gotten all he needed from that bubble. His eyes fell to all the stuff he had taken from them. Sighed to release the pent up fear, and started gathering up the items to carry back to his quarters. He put the supplies away and found his room. Sat with the file numbered #5. It was detailed with what the government had expected to find. Due to the experimental component that had been incurred to produce that which now lived within. And incursion of cannibalism.

“Why would they want to cause people to turn that way?” He asked himself. Shook his head. Then read on. Finding the place where the government had put into effect a total shut down of the system. Meaning that nothing within that bubble would work anymore. The air filtration system, water, power, even the codes to the doors were disarmed. To where any button could open the doors to any other bubble or to the outside world. “Shoot!” Harris threw the file down as he jumped up to his feet. He ran out to his tool shed and gathered a few things. Then ran them over to bubble Five' door. Which he found...open.

“Shoot!” He again expressed in fear. He looked around himself but did not see any of the cannibals. So he quickly shut the door and wedged a long board across it so it could not be opened. Looked the ground over for any foot prints, but saw only his own. So he sighed a breath of relief. Then headed back to his quarters. He needed to read that file again, just in case he missed something. He sat with his file, now more intent on what it had to say. He found that besides a total shut down of the bubble' systems, the government also added another element. And insect element. Mutated from years of research. Insects designed to eat any organic matter. This was going to be the next element unleashed on bubble Five. He read that at that time the bubble' doors would automatically shut and lock. The insects released and once everything had been devoured, a gaseous poison administered to wipe out the insects. Which would leave only non organic matter. Just before that bubble popped. It was something Harris looked forward to.

“Three days!” He grinned as he set his file back into hiding and lay down. He was almost asleep when he heard something at his door.


Chapter Thirty-Two

Professor Brinks sat in deep thought. Contemplating what the government was using the last bubbled compound for. Then it hit him. “Ah!” He sat up straighter. “It's a social experiment.” He grinned. “It has to be.” He said to himself. He already knew what the compound Coup'd essai was for. To see what humans could be turned into. Compound Au fond was fundamentally a complex used to house the very worse criminal offenders. Leaving them to believe that they were going to get some kind of special treatment when their government had no intentions on adhering to that deal. They broke the compound down to it's basic needs. Then used Professor Sharps gene slicing, and manipulation projects, and experimental break through to alter, bridge something the military could try and use for warfare. And from what the professor could see in what his men had told him...it looks like the government and or the military' little pet project got away. Escaped, killed and eaten, all the violent convicts. Used as a food source. As well as the staff, and now roams free out in the northern woodlands of Canada' beautiful country.

“Another flub.” The professor grinned with a shake of his head. “They'll never learn.” He said to himself. “So then, the third compound, Riense' ance, must be for the rich and elite. They must be constantly fed with all the best food, drink, and the latest trends and fashions. Hand fed with all the royalty the government can afford. But for what? He glanced that section of his files for an answer. “Do they want to change society into some sort of epic design? Novelty and Neanderthal.” He chuckled. “Hm.” He thought as he read through the pages. “What else am I going to find in here?” He asked himself.


Chapter Thirty-Three

Posie insisted on sitting in the back seat of the car as they ventured on. Within a few moments Quelen noticed that it had gotten very quiet back there. When she glanced back to check on her daughter, she found Posie with a mouth full of sweet treats she had sneaked from the store. The child' face was a smear of chocolate. Posie looked up and saw her mother staring at her. Busted...she did the only thing she thought to do. She smiled and offered her mother some. In hopes to avoid getting scolded.

“Axen.” Quelen called over to him. “Look at your daughter.” She told him. Axen took a quick look back. Saw Posie' messy face and laughed.

“It's not funny. She is back there eating something.” Quelen stated.

“Give me one.” Axen reached over the seat as Posie set a chocolate bar in his hand. He took it and gave it a sniff. “Mm...smells good.” He took a bite. “Tastes good too.” He smiled. Then offered Quelen some. She did the same. Looked back at Posie. “Don't eat too much. You'll get sick. Okay?” Posie nodded and opened another bar. Happily eating away. They were driving along the tree enclosed road when Axen saw a curve coming up. He began to make the curve when he slammed on the brakes just in time to avoid hitting a fifty foot concrete wall. The sudden stop caused them all to lurch forward. When the car settled from it's screeching halt, they sat staring up at the tall wall that ran as far left and right as the eye could see. There was no gate to smash through this time. No. Just concrete and they had no idea how thick it was.

“What do we do?” Quelen asked. “I don't want to go back.” She told him.

“Neither do I. But we can't go on. And we can't drive in the trees. So we have to go back to that town and find another road. Maybe it'll take us to a gate or door.” So he turned the car around and they headed back. It took them an hour to back track to the small village. Axen filled the cars tank again and Quelen took Posie to use the restroom. Axen looked around the station and found a map. He didn't know how to read the thing. But he had seen the teacher using one once. Saw the name of the station and looked for it on the map. Once he found it, he believed it to be the place they were at. With his finger he followed the road line south. But on the map there was no fifty foot wall. So he looked for another route. Quelen and Posie returned with another bag full of chocolate bars as well as some dried meat that Quelen had found. “She had a piece sticking out of her mouth as she chewed on the end of it.

“What did you find?” She asked.

“It's a picture for roads. I think this is where we are. We went this way and found that wall. Maybe if we go on this road we can get around the wall.” He pointed to the map.

“Or we could stay here.” Posie cut in. “There' lots of food and water and gas fuel.” She stated. “and nobody lives in here. So we cold take it to ourselves. See, lots of stuff here.” Posie waved her tiny hand. Quelen glanced over at Axen who was grinning down at his daughter.

“Come.” He put his hands out and picked her up into his arms. “How bout we go see where this road goes first. Then see what happens. Okay?” He said as she nodded. “Good.” He kissed her head and set her down. “Go put your stuff in the car.” He told his daughter. Watching her run off.

“Axen. What if we go that way and we find another wall? Then what?” Quelen asked. Axen looked up into Quelen' worried eyes and hugged her.

“Then we'll follow that wall until we find a door or a gate. It has to have one somewhere. The government military people have to have a way in here. All this is theirs and they have to need to watch it. So if they can get in, we can get out.” He told her.

“Daddy!” Posie was yelling as she ran over to her parents. “Look!” She pointed. Down the road they could see a vehicle coming. So they hid. The two military trucks pulled up in front of the gas pumps and filled their trucks. “They never went inside the station. Nor did they give Axen' car or the station a second glance. The two men got back into their vehicles and turned down the road Axen had planned on going. Being the one in front of him only lead to no where. “But to a wall. They waited until the two trucks were well out of sight, then came out of hiding. 

“They go the same way we want to go.” He waved.

“Where does that road go?” Quelen asked.

“I think it must take us to a door. Come. We'll follow them.” Axen waved for them to climb into the SUV he had stolen. Then headed off into the same direction the two trucks had went. He stayed far enough back so they would not be seen, yet close enough to follow and see them ahead. When the trucks came to the wall they slowed down, but drove right into the wall. Axen stopped the car. Stunned at what he had just seen.

“The wall ate them.” Quelen said, which were his thoughts exactly.

“I see that.” He answered in total wonder. Then glanced around to make sure no one else was at the wall. Drove up to the wall slow and cautious. Stopped and parked. He got out and walked up to the wall. Holding his hand out in front of himself. His fingers got to where this wall should have been, but nothing was there. Only air. Which confused him. He pushed his arm through and still felt nothing. So he pulled it back. Looking his arm and hand over. It was fine. Pinched his brows together in thought. Turned and saw “Quelen and Posie staring out at him. He shrugged to them then turned back to this strange wall that held no substance. Again he put his arm in and then his face. Saw nothing but faded colors. So he stepped in and walked straight through it. When he reached the other side of the wall he quickly stopped. He noticed he was on the other side, but out there were men. A lot of military men. And he had no way of getting through the barriers they had set up to stop every exiting vehicle. And there was no way of sneaking past them. They were standing guard on either side of the non substance wall, he had just passed through. He took a step back and let the wall hide him from any guarding eye. He took a quick glance around then turned and disappeared back through the wall. When he reappeared out of the other side, he could see the sigh of relief on his wife' face. “So he ran over to the car, got in, and sat back in his seat.

“Where did you go?” Posie asked. It was the very question Quelen wanted to ask.

“Well, I went to the wall, but it was not there yet it was. I mean, you can see it there but when I tried to touch it, it wasn't there. So I walked into it. It was weird and gray but I came out on the other side of the wall.” 

“What was out there? Did you see the trucks?” Quelen asked.

“I did. And lots of military government men people. They were watching the wall out there. The trucks were stopped and they were looking at them.”

“Can we go through?”She asked.

“No.” He shook his head. “They have too many of them out there. They would catch us. Maybe kill us.”

“Then what do we do?” She was worried.

“We go back. To that gas place. Like Posie said. Maybe live there. But we can't let them people see us. Okay?” He said.

“What if the cannibals come?”

“They won't. It's too far away. And they can't learn to drive like me.” He assured her. Quelen still gave him a worried look, then nodded. Knowing she'd follow him into the pits of Hades and back if he wanted her to. So they turned the car around and drove back to the small village. Found a house far from the main road and settled in best they could. A few days later, Axen was awakened by the sounds of gun fire. He quickly went to a window and saw three men shooting at a large creature. But the beast got the best of the men and killed them. Eating their bodies as it licked it's huge paws. Crunching through bone and flesh with ease. And took no time finishing off the three snack sized humans. Then disappeared into the dark shadows of the woods. Axen was stunned. He had never seen anything like it in all his twenty seven years of life. He  had no words for it. And nothing to compare it to. A total alien in his eyes. He glanced back at the two sleeping girls. There was no need to stir them. But he made a conscious note to keep an eye out for this thing that had just killed and ate three fully grown men with the ease and grace of a cat. And a cat was an animal Axen had never seen before. He lay back down with the girls and lay listening to the quiet. Wondering why the world was so quiet. Unlike the bubbles he once lived in. When the sounds of humming rumbled through his chest, water running, and voices that echoed through out the bubbles. In a way he missed that. And in a way he liked this quiet world.

He let his eyes close, thinking of Miriam and little Dillius. As well as the new baby he had not gotten to know. He knew that their fates were sealed. The way the teacher had been acting. There was something going on there now that the bubbles came to life again. Things...strange things were going on. They were happening unexpectedly. Without reason. And that's what scared Axen enough to want out. And with the door opening...it gave him the chance. Now here he lay in a soft bed. Inside a home that had everything they needed. A car he learned to drive. Stores with plenty of food, water, and any supplies they would need...right at hand. Posie was happiest here. She had a swing set out back that she figured out how to use. She was as smart as her father, and just as beautiful as her mother. She loved the playhouse next to the swing set and the basket of toy dolls they found in one of the bedrooms. It was clearly a family house. Even Quelen enjoyed the amenities the place offered. She could cook and bake more than just pies. Once she had found a cook book and a store full of supplies. Axen and Posie sure enjoyed her meals. Axen used the two and a half  garage to move ninety percent of the store  to where it was easily accessible. Then the neighboring houses and garages to move yet more supplies within arms reach. And with no one to contest, they could do pretty much whatever they wanted. 

Axen and Posie had become the scavenging party. Going through all the other homes and buildings one at a time, looking for treasures. Posie fancied the vast array of jewelery she had found. While Axen collected books. He knew that books meant knowledge. Quelen liked the d' e cor aspect of things. She wanted to make their home as fancy as possible. Axen had found an acoustic guitar and sat strumming it. Even though he could not truly play it. The girls loved what he played. Never hearing music before had no bearing on what they found to be music. But this night, Axen lay awake. He had seen the beast that had eaten three men. Wondering if the thing would return to try and eat his family. In his heart, he wanted to leave this village. Find another far away. But they had made a home here. And he would defend it. Which gave him the idea to hunt for weapons in the marrow. Glad that the teacher had shown him how to use them. He sighed with a yawn and fell to sleeps embrace.


Chapter Thirty-Four

With the new darkening of the day...it came. Floating down the rocky cliffs it had climbed to find itself a cave.  With each soft pad of it's paws, it glided a long with a graceful air. It's nose to the wind. It's stomach letting it know it needed to be fed. So it headed to where it knew a food supply lay waiting. Creeping like a cat through the shadows as it moved in closer to the glass complex it had killed two humans the night before. Sniffing the air for more. Letting it's long tongue course over it's toothy smile. It got to the bubbles and began it's hunt. Searching for prey. It got to the glass wall and stared in at the tasty morsels inside. But growled at the fact that it could not get to them. Reaching up with one huge clawed paw and trying to scratch the glass with no effect. Then licked the glass. Hoping to taste the human flesh within. 

It heard voices, and with quick reflects it spun around to gauge where the sounds were coming from. It heard a vehicle start and grind into gear. The machine drove off. As it did , it leaped into a run. This would be an easy meal. All it had to do was to catch the thing and peal the meal from within. The vehicle had a good lead, but it kept pace. The vehicle drove into a small village. And as it stopped, the beast moved in on it's prey. But the humans ran. So it gave chase. Catching up with them and circling around the human food. The three men raised their weapons and opened fire on the beast. It could feel the sting as the bullets penetrated it's thick hide. Dodging from side to side to avoid being hit. Awaiting an opportune moment to strike. Then killing the men quick. It ate two of the three on the spot and took the third piece of meat back to it's lair. Lay it down and went to licking it's wounds. The bullet wounds stung, but there was nothing it could do to stop the pain. So it lay down in the corner of it's cave. Sighed with a loud huff and closed it's eyes. Only to open them again to make sure it's food had not moved from where it had been placed. It had no interest but to eat and sleep. In just that order. Programmed to hunt, kill, eat, and then sleep. Nothing more. And in the morrow, after the brightness ended and the darkness came, it would do just that. Hunt, kill, eat, sleep.


Chapter Thirty-Five

Harris found that everything he had read in the files had come true. Bubble Five had finally popped and was gone. Bubble One was next to go. And he would sit and watch it go. As with every bubble...there would first be a grand quake. Like something had exploded deep beneath each bubble. Three days later, some unexpected event would occur. Three days after that...POP! And it stayed consecutive. Clock work. The teacher lay back on his chair and put his hands behind his head. Grinning to himself. Some of the others were beginning to question what was going on. But Harries acted stupid to it all. As if he had no clue or answer. But Harris knew. He knew that in three days bubble One would begin it's fateful end. So he would wait until day two to make his move. The old farmer in that bubble had something the teacher wanted...seed.

Elson and his wife were great farmers and knew the value of putting away precious seeds to ensure their future. And Harris wanted their storage of seeds. But timing was crucial. And he would be the wiser for it. He got up and locked his quarters as he headed off to the kitchen in Eight. It would be dinner time. And with all he had stolen and or hoarded away, it was a wonder he even went to dinner. Maybe it was to help the others to go through their supplies. Maybe to keep up his persona. So no one suspected him a traitor. He was met by Darlene who gave him a suspicious look. Watching his every move. And as much as she wanted to keep track of him and his whereabouts, she had the others to contend with. She tried to have two of her girls keep tabs on Harris, but they came back reporting that Harris had closed all his windows. So they were unable to see his actions. And how the man hardly ever left his quarters except to eat. It was as if he did nothing all day. But the man knew when the girls were there. And he did nothing on purpose. Taking care of his affairs in the early morning hours when he knew the girls, as well as the boys, were off doing their chores. Then he could find the privacy to do his bidding.

On the second day, he made his way over to bubble One. He could see Elson and his wife out in their garden near bubble Two So he made his way along the glass wall until he was behind their quarters. There he made his way up to the building and began with the first two burlap sacks full of grain. Carried them to bubble Three' door and set them down. There was no way of going through Three but he could leave the goods there and later divert the old farmer and his wife away long enough he could slip out with the spoils. He made four trips to the seed bins. Elson had made for his sacks of seed. He closed the lid and brought the last two sacks to where he left the others. Saw the old couple moving off toward bubble Two. They always worked from one garden to the next. Just to do it all again the next day. Harris shook his head. “A waste of life.” He whispered to himself. Then headed off. Carrying two of the sacks with him. Taking the chance he would not be caught. Besides, it was two less sacks he would need to carry later.

He lay his treasure' down on a table in his dining hall. Where he kept all his supplies. Then went over to get the sled he had built. He would use it to cart the rest back to his stash. But before he could do that, he would need an accomplice, And he knew the perfect man for the job. Romnic. The boy had gotten into so much trouble and could easily be coerced into anything. Harris dreaded the long walk over to Eight but knew it to be a necessary evil. He found the boy sitting against a tree. And when Romnic saw the teacher, he quickly jumped to his feet with a mouth full of excuses. But Harris raised a hand to silence him.
“Never mind. I've got a job for you. One I”m sure you can handle. Aren't you on your third strike?” He asked.

“Yes.” Romnic sorely answered.

“Hm. Do this for me and I'll wipe all those strikes clean.” Harris raised his brows. Romnic looked up at him. “Really?”

“Yes, really!” 

“What do you want me to do?”

“Well, here's where it'll be tough for you.” Harris said. “First, you will need to wait until the sun reaches the tops of the trees. Think you can manage that without wandering off or falling asleep?”

“Yes sir.” Romnic would do anything to erase his strikes, at this point.

“Good. When the sun reaches the tops of the trees. I'll need you to go to One and find Elson and Lyndia, tell them that I wish to meet with them up in Nine. At Axen' quarters. Tell them to make sure they wait until I come.  This is very important. Do you understand?” Harris stared into the boy' eyes to make sure he did understand. Then made Romnic repeat what he had said.

“Good. Do this and you will be strike free. Forget to and it will be your very last strike. And I know you understand that.”

“Yes sir.” Romnic answered. Harris patted the boys shoulder as he left. His plan was in motion. Now it would be a waiting game. He got back to his quarters and sat  with a glass of water. Opened the next file and was reading through it when he heard a noise coming from his supply room. He grabbed a hand gun and headed off to find the source of the noise. He opened the dining room door and stepped in. turned on the lights but saw no one and nothing. So he moved from isle to isle, checking. He got to the fourth isle and found a bag of sugared fruits that had fallen to the floor. He stared at the mess then around the room. Having no explanation of how they could have fallen. So he chalked it up to misplaced stacking. He scooped up the treats and put them back onto the table Nothing got wasted. Not if it could mean the difference between eating one more day or starving for a day. He chose to eat. Dirty or not. He set the bag back on the table where he knew they could not fall on their own. Popped one of the slices into his mouth and smiled as he headed back inside. He sat and waited for the sun to fall upon the trees.


Chapter Thirty-Six

Professor Brinks was in depth in his study of the file he had found that he had not noticed the six little faces staring up at him. When he finally let his eyes break away from his words, written in black and white, he saw them. They began to giggle in their childish way. The one child that could speak, stepped forward.

“Fessor B. Can we get some to eat?”

“Sure! Find Fixed. Have him make you all something. And have him make me something as well. You tell him, I sent you. Okay?” He said. They all nodded and ran off. He sat smiling as he watched them shuffle out the door. Which reminded him that he needed to check on the progress of his lab techs. So he set his file down and made his way to the labs. When he got there he was called over by one of the lab techs to come look at something she had discovered.

“What 'cha got?” He asked her. She pointed for him to look through her microscope. When he did, he could see the tiny cells that danced around. He looked up at her.

“I think this is it.” He smiled.

She wrote him a note saying; 'It only suppresses the gene'

“Yes, but it's a start.” He told her. “Keep at it. Your on the right track. Who's genes are you using?” He asked.

“She wrote; 'yours' She nodded and went back to work. Brinks walked over to his own station. On his desk he found everyone' reports from the weeks work. So he glanced through them. Tossing them into a basket as he finished each one. Then went to work on the project he had been working on. Which had nothing to do with finding a cure for his people. What he had been working on was one of his pet projects he had started long before the government had shut him down, just to be hauled away and thrown into the bubbles.

“You've got to keep the faith Professor.” The general told him just before slamming the doors in his face. Which had reminded him of the name the government had given to the project. Gardez la foi (keep the faith). He shook his head and set his mind on what he was doing. Hoping to achieve his goal. Which wasn't much. But it only took the one small step. Which would lead to another. And he needed to make that small step. Knowing that eventually it would happen. This was something his fine government feared and something the military advocated. Something so dangerous that they shut him down with prejudice. And then tried to kill him off. He knew it had to be pretty important. Especially for the government to go to such extremes to, sweep it under the rug, sort of speaking. Now he had all the supplies he would need to achieve that goal. And no government goofs to watch over his shoulder. Or to put a stop to his madness. He sat letting his mind race away with ideas, which fed his imagination, which fed his creative side, which he hoped would create this new gene he had been trying to manipulate into transparency.


Chapter Thirty-Seven

Quelen was up before Axen and Posie. Only because she knew Axen had been up late. And Posie played hard that day. So she let them sleep in while she made them something to eat. She heard a couple vehicles drive by. But knew that they were far enough off the main road that they would not be bothered. So she ignored the trucks and went about her cooking. When Axen got up, she asked, “Axen. I heard more trucks. They stopped to get fuel. Will the fuel ever run out?”

“Good question. I know that one of the fuel hoses doesn't work. It went dry. Only one more works. So I guess it could run out.” He stated.

“Maybe you could get more jugs to fill up before that one goes dry too. So we have enough for us.” She suggested.
“Good idea. I'll do that today.” He sat down and she slid him a plate of food. Which he ate with hungered enthusiasm. Looked over to see Posie stumbling in, wiping the sleep from her eyes. He smiled at her as she sat down next to him. Quelen gave her a plate and sat one down for herself. Posie looked over at her mother with a half smile.

“You gonna help daddy today?”

“With what?”

“Gases.” Posie said with a gravely tone.

“I thought maybe you could help him. He needs to gather some jugs to hold fuel in and get it from the hose. Do you want to help him?” Quelen asked.

“Okay.” Posie nodded as she went about her meal. Axen wanted to tell them about the three men he had seen last night, the gun shots, and the large beast. But decided to keep it to himself. For now. Suddenly they felt a deep rumble in their chests.

“What was that?” Posie asked.

“I think it came from the bubbles. In every nine days I've counted...it happens.” 

“Why haven't I noticed until now?” Quelen wondered.

“Because your always busy doing something to notice. But were all sitting still, so we felt it. I know it's coming from the bubbles. They're exploding or something.” He told them.

“What happens when they're all gone?” She asked him.

“I don't really know. Maybe nothing, or maybe the military government will come there and see what's left.” He guessed.

“Or maybe they don't care.” Quelen added.

“Maybe they have to.” Posie threw in.

“How so?” Axen asked the child. Curious as to what the child had to say.

“Cause, they are told to. Just like us. I have to do what mommy says and she has to do what you say so. Maybe they have to do what the mil-nary gov-vor-nants daddy says they have to.” She looked up at him for his approval.

“Hm! That's pretty good. And maybe they do.” He rubbed her head.

“Everything is on top of each other.” Posie imitated by placing one hand on top her other then making it as if she were stacking them up.

“She gets her smarts from me.” Quelen stated with a grin. Which made Axen laugh. “Maybe!” He laughed. “Maybe!”
Chapter Thirty-Eight

As the sun fell, Harris' little plan went without a hitch. He had stolen Elson' seed storage and some of the man's supplies. And with the new day dawning, he knew the first of the event were about to unfold on bubble One. Which would force the old farmer and his family into Two. And right on schedule...it happened. The tremor, then the sealing of it's doors, then a long moment of silence, followed by the bubble filling up with water. Up and up it rose until every inch was full. There it sat with floating debris. Fish swimming...freely. For the next twenty four hours, it sat full of water. And as that last second trickled away, the bubble burst. Sending waves of water and glass hundreds of feet into the air. Harris stood on his steps watching as the water and chunks of glass showered down over the remaining bubbles.

“Three day's!” He thought. “Three days until it is bubble Nine's turn. And that's where Axen and his wife used to live.” He said. “Now I understand what that series of numbers on the back of Five's file was for. It's the sequence the bubbles will be destroyed. And now that One was gone, Nine will be next.” He told himself. Then made a mental note to go to Nine to check for anything useful. Before it pops. As he was headed over to Eight to eat. He ran across Miriam. She had her son Dillius with her and a small baby in her arms.

“Two children?” Harris queried.

“Oh, this is Spetol and Nehna's child. I'm just watching her.” She claimed. Then hurried on her way. Harris watched her walk away as the memories of Axen and Quleen circled in his head. Wondering if the young lovers had survived or not. But without taking a chance and exposing himself to the outside elements, he had no way of knowing. And it wasn't as if he really cared. His own existence was all that mattered to him now. “Good luck Axen.” He said under his breath. Turned and headed off to eat.

“Teacher, teacher!” He was bombarded as he came through the door. It seemed that everyone wanted to tell him all about bubble One. Just as they did every other bubble that had exploded. So he raised his hands.

“I have seen One and what happened. Thank you. I've seen them all. It's terrible, but there is nothing I can do to prevent it. The best I can tell you is...if your bubble trembles, you need to run to the next one and stay out of that bubble. Or you may get caught up in whatever horrors the government or military are trying to accomplish. Stay alert. It could be any one of these bubbles next.” He could hear the whispers as he sat down. Darlene sat across from him.

“Harris, I know what's going on. You know what's going on.” She spoke in her native tongue.

“I really don't.” He calmly answered.

“Then you have a pretty good idea.” She said.

“A theory. At best.” He claimed.

“What theory?

“I can't put my finger on it, but this is all a big test.”

“Test!” Darlene queried.

“For what reason, I'm not sure.” He stated. “Maybe to see what would happen. What we'll do. Maybe to try and created a new species, or another form of humanoid creature.” He shrugged. “All I can theorize is that whatever the governments up to, must have failed somehow and now they're destroying their little project.”

“So we're all going to get destroyed?” Darlene asked.

“I don't know.” 

“Then maybe we should all try and get out of these bubbles.”

“And go where?” He frowned. “Do you know how high the radiation levels are out there? Besides, those deformed people are out there, let alone, the cannibals. And whatever they've become. I don't know about you, but I'm not going anywhere.” He told her as he went to eating his meal.

“Your pretty smug about all this.” She stared at him. “And I know you know a lot more than your saying. Know that I've got my eye on you Harris.” She got up and stormed off. He looked up at her an shook his head. He knew that she was right about him. He did know more, a lot more. Yet not as much as he wished he had. But he did know enough to save them all. Why he didn't want to...lay buried deep in his psyche. He glanced around the room and saw a sea of faces staring over at him. He wanted to say something but held his piece. They continued to stare until he had left. But he had no care what so ever. He wandered over to bubble Nine to have a look around. He seen Miriam and Dillius out in their garden. Circled around them to the back of their quarters and slid inside. Looked the place over and left the same way he came in. with nothing in hand.

“Let it pop!” He told himself. Made his way over to the outside door in Seven and found it open. Looked out at the world just eighteen inches away. Shut the door and stood staring. He knew that strange things were going on. So this wasn't new to him. He was strolling back to his quarters when he thought he saw a glimpse of someone in his dome. But couldn't be certain. Even though he headed that way to have a look, he saw no one. “Hm!” He thought to himself, then went inside. Sat at his desk and thought to see what was in store for Nine, but decided to wait until later. That's when he got a loud knock at the door.


Chapter Thirty-Nine

“It's got to work.” Professor Brinks told himself. “Just one more try.” He was in the middle of one of his many test trials. He had managed to extract every element of color from a gene cell he had been trying to manipulate. It would seem to hold up under light but then would break down moments later. What he was trying to prove was. That a single cell gene could be stripped of it's color. Causing it to become transparent. And in doing so, Brinks hoped to be able to create an invisible being. Whether animal or human. And he was right on the brink of doing it when the government found out and shut him down. Hauling him off to what Brinks thought was a meeting to discuss his project. But to his surprise...there was no meeting. The military took Professor Brinks to the Coup 'd essai facility. Threw him into the bio dome and locked him in with ninety nine others they wished to dispose of. But despite what they tried, Brinks still lived. Deformed but alive and he was on a mission to reverse the effects of something he himself had created.
A genetic altering radioactive substance. A cesspool of human DNA. But in this project, he found that he could strip the genes of any color. But in doing so, bright light seemed to melt them. He just needed to figure out how to keep them alive in sunlight. One of his lab techs told him to give them some sort of clothing. Covering. Which gave him the idea of sunblock. So now he was trying to figure out how to block the suns UV rays from killing off his cells. Once he could achieve that...anything was possible. So he sat with his microscope playing God. Hoping for that one tiny break through. One of his techs came running in. The tech had already written out a note for him to read and a slide for him to look at. He read the note and slid the glass slide under the lens to have a look at what the tech had brought him. Looking through the lens, he asked, “Do you have enough to test this again?” The boy nodded and ran off to get his work. Brought it back and showed the professor what he had discovered.

“Good work. Make enough for a test trial on one of us. If it works, we'll all be cured. Good job.” He praised the boy who took his coveted work back to his own lab table. Brinks sat staring at the man then looked back through the microscopes eye piece at the victory they had accomplished. Smiled and went back to his own work.


Chapter Forty

Axen had not seen anything more of the beast he had seen just nights before. He and Posie ventured out to see what they could find in a few of the shops around the village. They happened to find a department store and Axen used a brick to smash out the back door window so they could get inside. They were like two kids in a candy store. Totally spellbound. There were so many new and wonderful things to look at, that they had a hard time taking it all in. Walking from isle to isle, opening up packages and looking it over just to lose interest and running off to look at something else. Axen had found the tool department and wanted every thing there. Posie wanted all the dolls. So they decided on a few items for themselves and a lot of new items for Quelen. Who was happier to see them coming home safe and unharmed than what they had brought for her. She hugged them both and made them wash up. Then sat and ate. She had made them one of the quick meals that could be bought in a box. Axen wasn't big on the idea, but he ate out of hunger. Posie on the other hand, loved it. Quelen could take it or leave it. She liked it because it only took a few minutes to make. So Posie got the most of it.

“Daddy, can we go back there morrow?”

“Tomorrow!” He corrected. “Where did you hear that word?” He tickled her.

“Daddy!”

“If you can tell me what tomorrow is...I'll take you.” He challenged her.

“It means.” She perched her lips and furrowed her brows to give it some much needed thought. “After today is over and when the sun comes back up, then it is tomorrow. The next day from today.” She claimed with confidence. Axen perched his lips as he looked over at Quelen.

“She got you there. Told you she got her smarts from me.” Quelen laughed.

“Yes she did.” He had to admit. Then turned to Posie, “And yes we can go back. There's something I'd like to get.”

“Me too!” Posie added.

“Axen.” Quelen began. “We still haven't discussed the wall.”

“Hm yes, the wall. How can a man just walk through a twenty foot thick wall? Like nothing was there. Yet I could see the wall but I felt nothing. How?” He tried to contemplate it all.

“What was on the other side?” She asked.

“A lot of men. I saw the two trucks. They were stopped and men were walking around them with long tall guns. Searching them for something. I don't know what. Then they let them go. I had to step back into the wall so just my face could look out.” He explained. “There was another gate. And.” He paused as he looked for the right words to describe what he had seen.

“Well, they had a long nose and hair that covered their bodies, like the hair on the bunnies. They walked on all their paw feet like the rabbits do that we used to raise. But big as Posie. Lots of teeth and pointy ears.” He described the guard dogs, best he could.

“So you think we could just?” Quelen imitated how they slammed through the metal chain link gates some fifteen miles back toward the bubbled compound.

“You mean ram our way through?”

“Yes...ram!”

“I'm not sure. That gate out there is even bigger, probably stronger. And the military government people men out there have long guns. The teacher showed me what long guns can do. They might try to kill us.” He explained.

“We might have to try some day.” She said.

“Then we'll ram them hard as we can.” Axen kissed her.

“What do you think is going on at the Nine bubble?” She asked curiously.

“Hm!” Axen laughed. “I bet Miriam is still over at Spetol' place with the baby. And the others are probably still out in their gardens working, with Darlene yelling at them.” Which made Quelen laugh. “And Harris.” He continued. “Is probably in his quarters reading his books.” He stated.

“But they will all have to die.” Posie put in. Her words stopped the laughing. There was a truthful seriousness in her words. More so than even Posie may have realized.

“How so?” Axen asked his daughter.

“Cause daddy! The mili nary peoples don't want them to get out.”

“Why not?” Quelen asked this time.

“Cause if they get out then the whole people world will know what happened in the bubbles. That would be badder for the gob ner ment.” Posie stated.

“She doe have a point.” Quelen agreed.

“I don't know where she comes up with this stuff. But your right Quelen. She's got a point. They want us all dead. But some of us got out. I wonder what they will do with them?” Axen said.

“Them...them who?” 

“Those deformed people. The cannibals. They are still out of the bubbles.” He said.

“And us.” Quelen added.

“Don't worry mommy. We won't get killed.” Posie cut in as she stole a slice of apple out of her mother' bowl. “Cause daddy know how to get us out. He got us out of the bubbles, he can do it even here too.” The child said a matter of fact. “Watch.” She smiled. The child never failed to surprise them. They had finished their dinner when Posie asked, “What was that?” She had heard a noise some where in the distance.

“That was pretty close. Come.” Axen waved to the girls. “Hurry, turn off the lights!” The three of them raced through the house turning off lights and closing curtains. Then stood at separate windows in the dark, peering out into the night. Watching the darkness for almost an hour. Posie' attention span fell very short. She wanted to do anything other than to stand at a window, looking out at dark nothingness. But Axen told her she needed to do it for a few minutes longer. She turned to give him a sour look, but when she had turned back to the window, she stared right into the eyes of the wild beast. It had found her scent and tracked it to their house. Now it stood staring in at her. Like some lost puppy wanting in.

“Daddy!” She yelled in a whisper. Axen turned and saw the thing. Froze in his tracks for a moment. Saw his gun sitting on the counter. Reached for it. Saw the beast growl, so he stopped. Posie was slowly backing away from the glass over toward her mother. They could see the creature pushing it's nose against the window.”

“No!” Posie screamed at it. The beast stopped, gave her a whimper and ran off. They could hear something outside being smashed then silence. It wasn't until an hour later when they heard military vehicles and gunfire somewhere off in the distance. Axen knew it was the military men fighting this beast he had just seen at his window.

“Will they kill it?” Posie asked.

“I don't know. “They might.” He said.

“Him won't kill us.” She told her father.

“You think so?”

“Yep.” She nodded. “It likes me. It has to do what I say it to do.”

“Where did you come up with that?” He asked.

“Huh know.” She gave him a shrug. “I just know. Like it's in my head.” She smiled as she went and sat next to her mother on the couch. Taking the bowl of apple slices with her. Crunching away on the sweet fruit. Then offered her mother a slice.

“Well, I hope it doesn't come back. I don't like it.” Quelen said her piece. “It could have killed us all.” their world was spinning in a whole other direction and they had no idea what was really going on. Or the limits the government they had no idea was or what the government was capable of. But someone knew, and the person lay somewhere to the north, in a small town some ten miles from the bubbled facility. The one Axen and his family had escaped from. Somewhere in a college university lab. Working on a cure for a genetically altered radioactive substance. That man who had those answers as to why this huge mutated creature was attracted to Posie and her parents. But that man was there and they were here and the beast was right outside. Laying wait in the shadows. Licking the blood from it's claws like a cat cleaning and grooming itself. Posie had finally fell asleep against her mothers shoulder. So Axen gently scooped her up and carried her to the bed they had made for her. Slid a quilt over her and kissed her forehead. Brushed back a long strand of blond curls as he left her to her dreams. Sat down with Quelen.

“Will it come back?”

“Probably. But not tonight.” He gave her a sympathetic look. “But I do have an idea. It might work. It might not.”

“What?” Quelen wanted to know.

“Well, if Posie is right and that thing has to obey her, then we can have it go through that wall and.” He stopped.

“Then we could get out.” She said.

“We could. But we have to know for sure if it will obey her or not.”

“Or kill and eat us.” Quelen said with a frown. 

“Guess we'll have to wait and see.”


Chapter Forty-One

The loud knock gave Harris a start. His head spun toward the door. He knew that he had warned everyone not to bother him unless it was a dire emergency. Huffing he got up  and went to the door. With angered intent he slung the door open to find Darlene standing there.

“I thought I,” He began.

“I know what you've said.” She cut him off. “But to my understanding...no one here has given you sole authority. And I have certainly not done as much. We have an agreed truce between the boys and girls, you and I both rule as leaders. But here as of lately, you've taken it upon yourself to go around stealing supplies, alienate yourself over here in Seven as if you know something your refusing to share. Trying to assure everyone that things are fine, when they clearly are not. And we both know it.” She gave him a piece of her mind. “So either you fess up or I'll have this whole thing burnt down.”

“Burnt down!” Harris' eyes went wide.

“Oh yes. Take a look outside. You'll see I mean business.” Darlene pointed at the door. So Harris walked over to the door and opened it. There stood a group of kids. Torches in hand.

He spun around. “You wouldn't!”

“I would! And I will!” She narrowed her eyes at him. “You might think you run things, but I'm the one who runs them.” She nodded.

“Fine!” He said, knowing she had the upper hand. He went to his desk, took a piece of paper, and wrote out the series of numbers he had found on one of the files. “Here. You want to know how I know. Here's the numbers. This is the order the bubbles will be destroyed. I'm sure you can see by the pattern of destroyed bubbles that I'm telling the truth.” He told her. The only thing was...he switched Seven and Eight around. Making Eight the last number in the sequence.

“This is why I'm trying to keep all of you in Eight. So you'll be safe.” He lied.

“Then why all the extra supplies here in Seven?” She tilted her head and glared at him.

“Because I'm hoping to figure out how to stop it before then. I can't go around telling everyone...hey! Your bubbles going to explode in three days...no!” He glared at her. “I let them live happy lives. Let the rumble scare them out. So they will come to us. You and me. So they'll know they will always need us to protect and guide them. You've seen how defiant some of them have become. How can we rule if they look at us as equals?” He told her.

“Fine!” She said. “But if I find out different, I will not hesitate to burn this little supply haven you've built. And stop hording it. We all need these supplies.” She said her piece and left. He sat down with a plop in his chair. Let out a sigh and shook his head. He had dodged a bullet for now. Hoping that the lies he had told her were enough to convince her. Wondering how she knew he had been stealing supplies.

“What else do you know?” He asked under his breath. “Probably should have killed her off, but then the rest of them would come running to me. I don't want that.” He thought to himself. Then heard a females voice giggling outside his window. He thought that they had all left. So he got up and walked outside to take a look. He heard another giggle and it went silent. Thought to go back out to do a better search but then frowned at the idea. He was mentally exhausted. Thinking it just one of the kids playing jokes. He gave some thought to what Darlene had said, grinned at the lies he had told her, and let those thoughts flutter away like a butterfly.


Chapter Forty-Two

With a hopeful victory, the lab techs working under Professor Brinks watch, worked in shifts. Hoping to double their chances of a new found discovery. One of the techs had figured out how to get the cells to regenerate themselves. Now the only thing to do was, to test it on a subject. It had been hours since Brinks had eaten, the children were supposed to have someone bring him something.
“Guess they found other things to occupy themselves with.” He thought. So he got up and shuffled his way to the cafeteria. Got a bite to eat and something to take back with him, for later. Got to the lab, set his things down on his table, then went to check on the progress of the others. He had them working in such a way that if someone discovered a break through, that person shared his/her information with all the others. And in turn the others would take that break through and go on from there to try and find the next break through. His system was quick, concise, and virtually flawless. It kept one person from holding all the cards while the rest struggled to find the same solution days later. Which was trivial. And having everyone on the same page, the picture began to develop. Brinks confronted the man who had found the break through and asked.

“Have you been able to test it yet?”

“Yes.” the man spoke. Which gave the Professor a start. Knowing that this same man had lost his voice like all the others did after the bubble was bombed with the radioactive substance. The Professor had not heard his voice since. Now here he was...speaking.

“You tested yourself?”

“Yes sir, I did. Sorry. But you can see it's working. I feel better, stronger, healthier. And my voice, my hearing, even my vision is all coming back.” The tech smiled.

“I should reprimand you, only because you are one of my best techs and you should know better than to jeopardize yourself. But I can't. Not now. Have you recorded all these changes?” the Professor asked.

“Yes, I have you a full report. It's been a few days now and it seems to be working.”

“You do know it takes a full thirty day cycle to be sure.”

“Yes sir.”

“Good. Let's hope this is it. What are the others working on?”

“The same. I've given them all my samples and findings, as well as my own skin and cell samples to test and work with. Like you've always told us 'each step leads to another break through'.” The man quoted.

“Can't wait to get a dose of it myself. Make sure you check your Rad levels. Try to balance the isotopes. It's not so much the Gamma' then it is the Neutrons that do the most damage to the cells.”

“On it sir.” The man went back to work.

“Fessor.” He heard a child speaking.

“Yes.” Brinks turned around. “You kids know your not supposed to be in here.”

“We know, but it's a mer gency.” The child said.

“Show me.” He took the boys hand and let the child lead him away to another room just up the hallway. There on the cold floor lay one of the children. Brinks quickly called for someone's help and lifted the child to a near by couch. The lab tech  the Professor had been speaking with came rushing in. 

“Everything okay?”

“This child doesn't look well. Where's our physician?” Brinks asked.

“We don't have one anymore. He was killed.”

“Your right. Shoot!”

“I can try my.” The tech stopped. Brinks gave him a serious look. “Do it!” He looked the man in his eyes. “Do it now!” He ordered. So the tech raced off to get his things. He came back and knelt down next to the child. Pulled out a syringe and vial of a dark substance. Drew in a single CC of the fluid. Looked up at the Professor who nodded at him and slid the sharp needles tip into the child's flesh. The tech administered the fluid and with drew the needle. Sighed and placed the syringe back into his bag. The Professor went over to a sink and got a rag. Ran some cool water over it and brought the rag back over to the child. Lay it across the little girls forehead. Pushed her hair back and told the other kids to make sure they kept an eye on her. They all took up positions around their little playmate as the two men left the room. Professor Brinks had seen this same situation too many times before. Just before death set in. And it hurt his heart.

“With any hope sir.” The tech said.

“Believe me...if this works on that girl. I want enough synthesized for all of us. You hear me?”

“Yes sir.”

“Even though we don't know it's full effects it's our last hope. Her last hope. Make sure you check on her progress. At least every hour. No longer.” He told the man, then walked off. The Professor had seen that same child just days ago, coughing up blood. One of the first signs. Her tiny body had been cooked from the inside. And it had taken it's toll on her. But the real kicker was, now he himself was beginning to cough up blood. So he needed this break through to work. Or it meant death...his death.


Chapter Forty-Three

With the new days dawning, Posie was outside playing while her parents slept. She had her dolls lined up on two benches in the back yard. Talking to them all. Re enacting her last memories of the bubbles. She was using her playhouse as the bubble and some of her dolls as those inside the bio dome. Others she used as military men watching over the bubble complex and a few as the deformed ones as well as the cannibals. Then she used a large black teddy bear as the beast she saw outside her window. Telling it 'no' that it could not eat the other dolls. Axen stood at the sliding glass doors watching her play. Impressed at her interpretation of events. The child was smart as ever. And he was proud of her. He loved Miriam and the two children he had given her but in his heart, it wasn't the same as it was with Qelen and Posie He missed the others in a way...yet didn't. It was an old feeling of oddity he buried deep inside. He smiled as Posie scolded the teddy bear again and made it sit with it's nose to the back fence. Just to give in and un punish it one moment later. But then something caught his peripheral vision. Something huge and black. It was the beast. Sitting on the other side of the fence. Staring in over at Posie as she played. Looking as though it wanted to jump the fence and play with her. But now and again Posie would turn to it and tell it, no. It would whine, lick it's chops, and sit back down to watch her. She would toss it a piece of fruit which it gobbled up like a treat. And she would go back to her story.

“Whoa!” He heard from behind him as Quelen saw what was going on.

“Sh! She's playing.”

“Yeah but!” Quelen pointed.

“I know and she knows. And it does obey her. It does what she tells it to do. Watch!” Axen told his wife. They stood watching their daughter until she tired of play and was about to come inside. She told her pet to go find some 'mili men', she called the military, and sent the beast on it's way. Then came inside just to get bombarded with questions.

“Do you think it understands you?” Axen asked Posie.

“Uh huh!”

“How do you know?”

“Daddy,” She smiled up at him, “Cause him thinks like me. I can hear him in my head like pictures. And him can hear me too.” She walked over to the sink for a glass of water. Unperturbed with it all. Quelen looked up at Axen with raised brows. Speechless. And all Axen could do was shrug. It was all just as new and strange for him as it was for them all.

“So Posie, do you think he'll help you, maybe us?” Axen asked.

“Yes. Him already say so.” She answered.

“Does he have a name?”

“Larly.”

“You mean Charley?” Axen asked, having heard the name Charley before.

“No, Larly. He likes Larly.

“What is he?” He asked her.

“Him not know. Think me and him the same. But him got other stuff in him side.”

“Other stuff?” Quelen queried.

“Uh huh. Like a...” Posie gave it some serious thought. “Oh!” She said as she ran to her room and brought out three of her stuffed animals. A bear, a wolf, and a tiger. “Like these. All mix up in him side. With me too.” She stated. Her parents were speechless. But they had to admit the child was right. They could see features of each animal in the creature. 

“It had to of been the government military who made it.” Axen said.

“Yeah, but how did they get Posie into it?” Quelen asked him.

“Mommy. By you and daddy. You and you,” She pointed at each of them, “Made me. So you, and you and this, and this, and this one, and me made Larly. See?” She held up her toys and spread her arms out.

“How do you know all this?” Her father asked. But only received a shrug.

“Are you still gonna take me to the store?” Posie gave him a worried look. Thinking maybe she was in trouble. Axen looked over at Quelen.  “You did promise her.” She half smiled.

“Sure. Why not. Just don't let your Larly hurt me or mommy.”

“Him won't.. Him likes us. Is one of us.” Posie smiled.

“Okay then are you ready to go?” He kissed Quelen.

“Oh no, not me. I've got to make lunch. You and Posie go have fun.” Quelen said as she pushed them out the door. She watched them pace off. Turned and set a hand on her stomach. Rubbed it as she had done when she was pregnant with Posie. Too afraid to tell Axen. She did not want to have to kill the child as was the rule in the bubble. And there was no one else around in which to give the child to. She needed to figure out how to tell Axen before she began to show.

Posie lead her father to the store. Even though he already knew the way. They went in and found the toy isle. Posie found a cute little girls bicycle and was pushing it around the store. She wanted the thing but had no clue how to ride it. Nor did Axen. But then the pictures flashed in her mind. She could see a man riding on a bicycle down a road. A memory the woven side of the beast had once seen long ago. Which helped her. But it did nothing for her balance on the thing. As she crashed time and again into everything around her. Until she got it figured out. She then went riding past her father with giggles and another cash into a clothing rack. She lay laughing as Axen rushed over to help her up.

“What are you doing on this thing?” He asked her as he lifted up the bike and helped her to her feet.

“I'm riding it. Larly showed me how, but it's not easy.”

“I see that. Are you okay?

“Uh huh.” She dusted herself off and took back her bike. “Can I keep it?” She asked.

“Sure. Take it over by the door. We'll get it when we leave.” So Posie raced the bike to the door, parked it against the door so they would not forget it. Then raced back to find her father. He was pushing around a shopping cart full of tools and some dishes he had found for Quelen. Posie found the jewelry isle and loaded herself down in necklaces and bracelets. The rings she strung on her necklaces and hung those around her neck. She found more chocolate and a coloring book. The pictures she could relate to but it was the words that made her curious. She wanted to know what they were and how to use them.
“Mommy can show you better than me.” Axen told her.
“Does she know how to use them?” Posie asked.

“You mean, read them.”

“Read them.”

“Yep. That's what you do with words, you read them.” He smiled down at her. That's when they heard a loud clatter. Axen spun around. Looking out toward the front doors. Two military men were at the doors shaking them. But the chain that held them shut would not budge. Axen told his daughter to stay put while he sneaked to the end of the isle way. Peeking out at the men as they kicked the door and paced off. When they were out of sight, he ran to the door and peeked out as he watched the men climb back into their truck and drove on. They were moving slow from building to building. As if they were searching for someone, or something. Axen thought that maybe they were hunting for the beast Larly.
“But why would they send only two men? No...they're looking for something else.” He then gave thought that they might be looking for him and Quelen. Either way, he did not want to be found.


Chapter Forty-four

He let the days roll away as one by one the bubbles, in consecutive order, were destroyed. Nine...Four...Six...and then Two, leaving only Seven and Eight. By this time Harris had locked his doors. Refusing to let any of the others inside. Darlene had figured out that he had lied about the order of destruction. She knew that Eight and Seven were the two remaining bubbles. And she knew that the only reason Harris stayed in Seven was because he knew it would be the very last bubble left. And he probably hoped it would survive. And from what the files had stated, it would be and it would survive. But Darlene found herself an alternative solution. A way out. She placed some of her kids to watch each door. Especially the ones leading outside. And she was right to do so. That door opened on the second day from when bubble Two had been destroyed. Right away that door was wedged open so it could not automatically close on them. Darlene knew that it was taking a huge risk going outside the bubbles, with the deformed out there and the very dangerous cannibals running around out in that world. Two of her students rushed into the kitchen to let her know the door had opened.

“Oh go! Hurry! Everyone knows what they have to do.” She dropped what she was doing and grabbed the two medical bags she had put together. While the other students grabbed bags and blankets, food, clothing, and baskets of what ever they could carry. Others took jugs of water. Scrambling to get to the open door. Every child had escaped out the door as it pushed past the barricade and sealed itself shut. Darlene turned to see that some how the cannibals had gotten in. Surprised...she said, “Good! You can have it.” She turned as the cannibals ran for the door. Licking at the glass. Wanting out at those who had escaped. Darlene lead the children off through the thick wooded forest.

“Stick together! She yelled over her shoulder. Leading them for more than a full day before they found a place to sleep for the night. It was an old barn, half ran down and in ruin, but it was a safe place for the night. The next morning, through grunts and groans, Darlene pushed the students to get moving. They followed a dirt road that was foliage covered and looked more like a tunnel that bore it's way through the forest. Walking until the sun was at it's highest. The rumble of the bubble exploding had knocked most of the kids off their feet. They stumbled to regain their footing and stood staring at the huge black mushroom cloud that billowed up like a blooming flower.
“Hurry along you guys!” She told them. “We've a long way to go.” By the time they reached the first small town, everyone was complaining. Even the teacher. But she knew if she did not push them, they would have gotten stuck out in the storm she could see coming on the horizon. She moved the tired children into a church that had been left unlocked. Her students took no time in finding a pew to lay down on. They needed the well deserved rest. And Darlene was glad for it. While back in bubble Seven, one man sat alone in his sanctuary.


Chapter Forty-Five

It took all of four hours for one little girl to open her eyes. She was once on the edge of death's blade, but the serum one of Professor Brink's techs had given her, reversed enough of the effects, due to the genetic radiation, to save her little fragile life. Her bright shiny eyes fluttered open and she smiled at her friends. The only child that could speak ran to find the Professor.

“Come see, hurry!” He pulled at the Professor' arm. “She's awake.”

“Good, good.” He told the child as he followed the boy to where they had left the girl. Finding her sitting up on the couch. He sat down next to her. “How do you feel?” He looked her over.

“Okay.” She spoke. “Can I go play now?”

“Maybe in a little while. You get some more rest first. One more hour, then you can play. Here. Let me look at you.” He looked into her eyes and mouth. Then checked each ear. Listened to her heart beat. “Hm!” He hummed as he went. Saw that a lot of her lesser deformities were healing nicely. The major ones, he figured would take longer. He stared into her eyes. “Wasn't one of your eyes blinded?”

“Yes.” She nodded.

“And you can see fine now?”

“Yes sir.” 

“And you can speak too. Very nice.” She giggled. He was right, she was healing fast. So he got to his feet. “You stay here for one more hour and rest. I need to go back to my lab. There' some work to be done. Oh!” He stopped and turned back around. “Make sure one of you kids get her something to eat. Okay?” He said and left the room. Brinks returned to his lab. “Wilson. It worked! Your serum worked on that little girl. You know what that means?” He told the tech.

“Yes sir.” The man went to work. Brinks was glad for the cure, and knew his tech could synthesize more. But at the moment his mind set was on something else. And he wanted to get back to it. The little girl he had saved was up and playing in only minutes. She didn't have the patience to wait a whole hour. She had eaten and felt fine. As did the tech who had used himself as a test subject for the serum he had concocted to counteract the radioactive substance that had deformed him. The facility was quiet until one of the two cooks came running into the labs to inform the Professor that there were people at a church in their town.

“The cannibals?” He asked the cook.

“No, I don't think so.”

Can you check for me, to be sure?”

“Yes sir.” The man ran off. An hour later, he returned to report that the people in the church were those from the bubble and not the cannibals.

“Really?” The Professor was surprised to hear that they had left the safety of the bubbles. “Looks like the smart one's got out. Good for them. We need to make sure we gather as much of the town's supplies before they do. We'll need it.”

“There's only me and Allen. We can only carry so much. The man told the Professor.

“Then take the children with you. Show them what to find and look for and they can help you. They'll love the new adventure. But do it at night. So your not seen.”

“Yes sir.”

“And make as many trips as you can get out of the children.” Brinks ordered. Mike and Allen gathered all the children after their dinner and headed out to find as much food and supplies as they could. While Professor Brinks had his assistant Wilson in the lab administering the serum that the tech and one other had manufactured. The Professor and the children were the last to be injected with the counter agent. The children and the two cooks spent the entire night running cart loads of food and supplies from whatever store they could get into. And by the next day...everyone was more active, happier, healthier, and changing back into their old selves. Which suited the Professor just fine.


Chapter Forty-Six

Bubble Seven was all that remained of the complex the government had built. In a way Harris awaited his fate. He had seen the cannibals over in Eight. But that bubble exploded like an atomic bomb. The brightness of the explosion caused Harris' face and exposed arms to catch a burn as if he had spent too much time out in the sunshine. Now, all the remained, was to await the next three days. So Harris sat back in his chair. Feet kicked up on his desk. Lay his head back and laughed. Then wretched with the pain of his burns. Just to start laughing again. But his fun was short lived when he heard giggling outside.

“What is going on around here?” He asked himself as he got up to take a look. He walked outside and then around the building but saw no one. “Who's out here!” He yelled. Nothing. Again he yelled, then heard another giggle. This time, coming from the front of his quarters. So he ran to the front and saw his front door shut. Pulled his knife from his belt and went in slow and cautious. At first, his eyes needed to adjust to the dark room. So he turned on a light switch. Searching his entire quarters and still did not find a single soul. Frustrated, he locked his door and sat at his desk. Set his knife down and picked up a file. It was the last file. He began reading it. Telling him of how the government had set up the facility to test mankind for various reasons. Needing to know just how far they could force humans to go before they broke. And if they did break...into what? Controlling, manipulating, bring them back to their very basic roots. Primitive existing. Yet owning them with some of mankind's more contemporary amenities. Electricity, running water, clothing, heat and environmental needs, utilities for fixing or repairing, and cooking. Yet making these subjects farm for their meals. Which caused  most to turn on one another or into something else. And if the subjects didn't , the government would change enough of their elements to cause that change. A ten year project. But some how the bubbles failed to preform. They simply shut down. And for the next fifteen years, those inside strive d to survive best they could. But now that story has ended. A glorious challenge over. Leaving but one. And that one person was...Harris Milton. A grandson of a long dead world leader. And as Harris sat in all his achieved glory. Smiling to himself until sleep took him to his dreaming. He gloated.

He woke with a new sun. Shining in through his window. His eyes yet a blur as he looked up at the sun and thought he saw a face there. Female and pretty. Untouched and untamed. Beauty as in an angel. But then it disappeared as he rubbed away the sleep. He ate his fill and headed over to his dining hall to gather more food for his quarters. When he stepped inside, he noticed a few items gone and a couple other items half eaten. He spun around, searching the room. Reached for his knife that was not there. “Gr!” he growled at the thought of someone sneaking around his place. It was his and his alone. He told himself. Thought of setting a trap but what sort of trap? Thought of sitting in wait but it seemed that whoever this was, knew what he was up to more than he knew himself. Most likely watching his every move. And that frustrated him to no end. He locked the dining hall foor after filling a basket with supplies and did the same to his quarters.

“One more day! One...more...day!” He told himself. “Then someone will come. Someone will save me from this place. The door will open and they will come.” He said. “As long as I make it one more day.” He smiled to himself. Then heard that giggle again. It drove him crazy. He spun around in the direction he had heard it. Nothing. Another giggle behind him. He twisted back around. The fear flooded his eyes as he stared into the sea green, wild eyes. Dangerous eyes of a female cannibal. She lurched for his neck. Biting her sharp teeth through his skin. Blood ran down his neck and chest as he tried to pull away. But only managed to cause her to take part of his neck with her. Hanging from her blood toothy smile. She quickly swallowed the flesh and lurched in for more. Her hair dancing in a tangled array of blond curls. Long finger nails dug in deep, grasping his hair as she bit at his face. Clawing and biting. She had knocked him backwards in his chair. Sitting on his chest as she tore more flesh from his throat. Harris could not breathe. Every breath drew in more blood to his lungs. Coughing and gasping. He felt himself drowning in it. With the loss of consciousness, death came swift.

The girl sat eating the dead man's flesh until she had her fill. Then sat licking the palms of her hands. Giggling to herself. She dragged the teachers corpse over to the bed, lay it down next to the bed and climbed up on the soft blankets. Letting her eyes close. Come morning, she ate more of her prize, then wandered out to play in the trees. She spent the next week alone in her little bubble. Eating the rabbits, chickens, and what supplies were in the dining hall. She had more than she would ever need. Enough to last her for years. But it was the loneliness that drove her to the brink of insanity. She had no language skill to be able to talk to herself. No way of knowing what anything was, except that it was either food or not. Laughing and giggling as she played with the teacher's skull. So when the door to the outside world did finally open...she did not know whether or not she wanted to leave. But once she stepped  out, the door closed behind her. So she ran off into the forest to play. She must have made it far enough away from the bubble, not to be seen, as she saw lines of military trucks headed that way. She gave another giggle and disappeared.


Chapter Forty-Seven

Axen crept back to where he had left Posie. She sat wide eyed. Wanting to know what was going on.
“Sh!” He put a finger to his lips. “I seen two military men out front. But there might be more. We should get back to mom.” He told her.

“She's okay. Larly' there. In the back yard. He won't let no one hurt her.” Posie told him as she pointed to her head.

“You sure?” He asked.

“She nodded. “Him say to bring him some food. I'll show you.” She took his hand and they made their way over to where the fifty pound bags of dog food lay untouched in a pet shop. She pointed at the bag. So Axen heaved one up over his shoulder. He hauled it over to the back door and set down next to Posie' bike.

“Whoa! That's heavy.” He complained.

“We can use my thing here to carry it.” Posie pointed at her bike.

“Might work. Here, you hold it up.” He lifted the bag of dog food and set it on the long banana seat and after gathering a few other items, they were off for home. When they got home, Quelen hugged them both tight. Then told them about someone who tried to get into the house. But she had locked the doors and pushed the couch in front of the door. Wanting to know if Axen knew why they were there. But he had no clue.

“We were gathering some new things for you but those men tried to get into the store. So we had to leave.” He told her.

“Hm. You managed to bring those things.” Quelen nodded over at the bike and the bag of dog food. Posie ran over to her bike. “This is for me and this is for Larly. Him is hungry.” She said.

“Where' Larly now?” Quelen asked.

“Him is still in the back yard. Been there when me and daddy left. He come, Per tec you.”
 
“Well then, maybe you better go feed him. Axen told her. “I'll get a bowl for him. Will he need some water too?” He asked.

“Yes please, thank me.” Posie smiled. So Axen got two big bowls as he and Posie got the beast' meal ready. They carried out the food and water to the back yard. Larly got up and paced over in his soft padded steps. Wagging his tail. Sniffed Posie, then Axen as they set the food down in front of him. The beast waited until the two humans backed away before he ate. He was like an over grown pet. Standing over six feet tall from ground to his tall shoulders. Twenty from nose to tip of tail. Black as midnight on a starless night. Glossy black eyes that made it hard to determine where his eyes were looking. Giving him an evil stare. But to Posie, he was just...Larly. A big ole teddy bear. Designed to protect her and her parents at all cost. They watched him eat and then run off into the night that was slowly spilling out it's twilight. Quelen made Posie take a bath as Axen helped her clean dishes. So they could talk.

“Axen. Do you really think it's a good idea for her to be having that animal as a pet?”

“I don't think we can stop it. Like she said, they are a part of each other.”

“So we just have to like it?”

“Yes we do. For now. Besides, we'll need that beast when we try to leave.”

“When? When will we leave?”

“When do you want to go?” Axen asked.

“I don't know.” She shrugged. “Maybe in a year. I kind of like it here now. You, me, and Posie. But not the military government men people and Larly.” She handed him another plate to rinse and dry.

“Well, when ever you want to go...we will. I think tomorrow I want to drive back to the bubble. See what has happened there. Then drive back.”

“Not with out me.”She said so he kissed her and took the next plate.

“Not a chance.” He smiled. Posie had finished her bath and was dressing for bed, just as her parents were finishing the dishes. So Axen sat on the couch and told Posie a story and was about to send her off to bed. But she stopped.

“Mommy. Will you tell me how to read a words in books?”

“Sure. I could do that. Now go to bed.” She smiled. Turned to Axen. “So what do you think we'll find?”

“Not sure. Maybe nothing. Maybe something. Won't know till we get there. But for now, we need rest. That's when a knock came to the door. And they froze.


Chapter Forty-Eight

With the new serum administered to everyone, it was now a waiting game. But within mere hours, they all felt better, stronger, and had less pain. Those that could not see very well, had their vision cleared up. Voices returned. And deformities began to heal and vanish from their skin which no longer looked withered. Professor Brinks was surprised at how quick the serum re healed the cells damaged by the very substance he had created And soon he heard children laughing and playing. Smiling to himself as he watched them play for a moment. Then went back to his own project. Creating transparent cells. He was close to another break through. He could easily strip the cell of any color coated DNA, but his challenge was to re coat those cells with something that could resist UV rays. A sort of sunblock. So he used a reflective nucleic acid as his molecular basis to localize the outer shell of each cell. Thus giving it a reflective surface like window tint. Yet leaving the cell transparent. Now all he had to do was to implicate those cells into a test subject and let them grow. A time consumed task. And he worked at it with all desired intent. Like a passion. He heard something fall and break. Sounded like glass, and everything went quiet. He looked up at one of the female techs and nodded. So she headed off to see what had happened. When she returned she told him that one of the children had knocked over an old vase in the lobby. And that the kitchen worker was cleaning it up. The children, of course, were no where to be found. They had ran off before they got into trouble. Brinks had to grin. They were a crafty little bunch he thought.

As the days pass by, Professor Brinks noticed changes taking place in his people. The children all but healed to their normal selves. Most of the rest as well. But then he began to notice that some of his lab techs were beginning to forget things. They were making amateur mistakes. As if they were just learning something they should know in their sleep. Even he, himself felt pressured to remember something he had done for years. Simple tasks. And it was becoming worse. Especially in the adults. The children had no such afflictions. They were children through and through. And as each day passed, the adults regressed more and more. The Professor had no idea how to stop it's affects. He became helpless in it's grip. As each adults mind and memories regressed to that of a child's. All their work left unfinished. Even the tests the Professor had done on the rabbits, They had brought to use for testing, left unchecked. Now changing into something unseen. As their DNA began to alter their very existence into a transparent creature. But the Professor would never see those results. His mind now that of a child's as he run and play out into the streets. Not a single care in the world but to eat, sleep, and play. The serum had worked. It worked too well. And without any true testing...they all paid the ultimate price. They had found their fountain of youth.


Chapter Forty-Nine

Darlene heard child' play outside somewhere. She looked around the church' pews at her own. Then walked to the front doors. She opened them a crack, peeked out at the men, women, and little children out in the street playing. She furrowed her brows s she recognized one of the men. It was Professor Marcus Brinks. Someone she had read about once. He was a re known biological scientist in the area of genetic reconstruction research. Most of his works, legendary. Some of his stem cell work went world wide. Now the man was out in the street, jumping, playing, laughing like a child.

“What are you doing out there?” She whispered to herself. “Last time I saw you...you were,” She paused as the memory of the deformed Professor came to mind, “Deformed. Sickly. Now look at you.” she said to herself. She stepped out onto the church porch steps. Staring at them. But those out in the street playing took no notice of her. They were too indulged in their fun. 

“Professor!” She called for him, but the man did not answer. He simply ran off to play with the others. But then she caught glimpse of a military truck coming up the road. So she  stepped back inside the church and peeked out at the vehicle as it drove by. Heading in the direction of those playing outside. A moment later, she heard gunfire ringing out, and slammed the door shut. She turned to see faces staring at her. So she raised her hands and put a finger to her lips to hush her students. She waved for a couple of the boys to come to her. Whispered to them to find something to block and lock all the doors and windows. Then told the girls to fix places for everyone to sit or lay down. But to do it as quiet as possible. And as they worked, Darlene chanced another peek out the door. She could see only so far but could not see or hear the truck anymore. But still did not want to take any chances. She asked two girls to do an inventory of all the food, supplies, and medicines they had. It was more to keep them occupied and their minds off what was going on. She then sat down for a moment to say a quiet prayer to herself. She had no idea why those men outside would want to shoot all those people. Wondering if she and her kids would be next. One of the boys came to her to let her know that he had found a trapdoor behind the alter.

“It's big enough to fit us all if we need to hide. It was really hard to find.” He whispered. “I only found it because my hand pushed aside the alter when I leaned on it and I could see the handle. So I lifted the door and there' a room with a long hallway. I don't know where it leads, but it's big. We can use it to hide in, if we have to.” He explained.

“Good, leave it open for now.”

“I will. And me and Samic were thinking. Maybe later, not now, but we could go out and search for more food and supplies. Maybe find a better place to hide.” He suggested. 

Darlene placed a hand on his shoulder. “That sounds good. But let's wait till dark first, okay?” She said. He nodded and headed off to investigate this tunnel he had discovered. Darlene sat with her hands folded. Secretly praying they were safe. She did not want to die after all she and her students had gone through for the sake of the government. In this case, the sake of mankind. She heard someone knocking something over. The item clattered across the floor. Then went silent. Every one was staring. Darlene got up and rushed to the door. Creaked it open a sliver and peeked out. She saw the military vehicle moving slow, creeping up the road toward the church. So Darlene waved for the students to all disappear into the tunnel the boy had found. She shut the door and ran for the alter. They were all piling in through the four foot hole. Down the steps and into the tunnel. The boy waited for the teacher and took a quick peek to make sure no one else was lagging behind. He closed the heavy trap door and sat on the steps listening. He heard the military men walking around in the church. Knocking over things and laughing. But then they left. Their vehicle started up and drove off. But the students waited for another hour before they emerged from the tunnel. Escaping death once again.


Chapter Fifty

The knock came as a surprise, Axen and Quelen did not expect anyone to be knocking at their door. Axen drew his knife. It's shiny reflection danced in the dark like a ghost as he walked over to the door. He turned to look back at Quelen and little Posie who had heard the knock, got out of bed, and as now hugged up tight to her mother.

“Where' Larly?” Quelen whispered to Posie.

“Him sleepy.” They stared at Axen as he slowly pulled back a curtain to peek out into the night. He saw no one out front. But again the knocking continued. He tried looking down toward the foot of the door. Nothing. Then another knock sounded. His one hand reached for the door handle while the other, that held his blade, rose above his head. Ready to strike out at whatever was out there.

“Knock, knock!' His heart raced like it did the first time he had kissed Quelen. “Knock!”

“What is that? Who is that?” He asked himself over and over in his mind. Taking another look outside and glancing back at his family. Turned to the side of the door and slowly pushed the handle down to open it. His heart pounded, his chest heaved with fear. Just as he clicked the door open, the wind took over and shoved the door wide open as a red plastic ball came rolling inside the room. Seems the wind was pushing the ball against the door as the door' foot jam made it roll away an inch or two just to have the wind push it against the door again. It was caught in a windy rut. Knock, knock, knocking at the door. Axen stood staring at it a moment then looked out into the darkness. It took him a long moment to let out the held breath he was holding. Posie giggled, let go of her mother' arm and ran for the ball.

“Shut the door Axen.” Quelen said. Relieved, that it was nothing. Posie stood holding the red ball that was almost half her height, smiling over at her father when the shot rang out. The ball Posie was holding exploded in her hands. Axen dove for her and took her to the floor with him. Quelen dove to the floor with them, more shots hit the windows and glass ware.
“Back door!” Axen pointed as they quickly crawled for the door way. They heard more shots ring out as they scooted out the door, crossed the back yard, and was skirting through the woods. Neither girl said a word as they did exactly what Axen told them to do. They ran down a back alley just through some trees. That lead to the department store. Slipped inside and barred the door shut. They could hear voices outside. Shouts and yells as whoever was out there hunted for them. Crouching down next to the door. Axen did not want to move too far from the door in case they needed to make a quick escape.

“Who?” Quelen asked in a whisper.

“Military government men with long guns.” Axen answered.

“But how did they find us?” She asked.

“Cause of Larly.” Posie whispered. “They followed him.”

“Hm, and must of saw us.” He said. “We will have to move. Gather supplies and find another place to go.”

“But where?”

“We could go back to that last town. The one before we came here. Maybe find a house there.”

“What if they come there?”

“ Then we'll find another.” He tried to reassure her. “Sh!” He hushed her, Listening outside. “We can go to the car.” 

“And drive away?” Quelen whispered.

“Yes.”

“We could but we don't know how many are out there. A few or many? We don't know and that could be dangerous.” She said.

“Neaky up to the doors.” Posie whispered to her parents.

“You two stay here. If you hear me yell. You run out. Go hide close to the wall. I'll find you there.” Axen kissed them both and sneaked off toward the front of the store. He got as close as he dared, looking over a counter. But saw no one around. “Had they been inside.” He wondered. Not knowing. He was about to turn around and head back to the girls when he stared down the barrel of a rifle. The military officer stood grinning at Axen, speaking in some language Axen had only heard his teachers speaking. Waving his rifle at him. Axen was about to stand up when something hit the man square in his back. He arched forward from the shock then fell over top of Axen who rolled him off. Axen turned to see his wife holding something strange in her hand. It was long and curved. A strange shaped stick with a string tied to both ends. He got up and ran over to them as they headed out the back door. Not looking back. They hit the door and pulled it open. Took a look down the alleyway and crossed over a fence to a back yard. But just ahead of them out on the road were more moving vehicles. So Axen pulled the girls to the right. Ran through another yard and almost stumbled over what he thought was a door in the ground. Pulled up on the handle as the hatch pulled open. He sent the girls down the steps in the hole. Pulling the door closed behind him. Figured out how to lock it's latch and stumbled in the dark until he found the girls. They were sitting on a cot. They sat listening for so long that Posie and Quelen had fallen asleep. Axen let his hands fumble around the walls and desk in front of him. Managing to find a flashlight. Turned it on to find themselves inside a shelter. He could see the girls asleep and another room. So he looked the place over found some food and more flashlights. He found a hand gun and ammo. Water and more bedding. Who ever the shelter belonged to kept it well stocked. When he looked in on the girls again he found the both sitting up watching his flashlight's beam dance around. He sat down next to them. Looked over at Quelen.

“So what was that thing you killed the man with?” He asked her.

“Bow and Indians.” She said. “Darlene told me about them once and I saw a picture of one. How it was used. I just pointed it and let it go.”She shrugged. “I saw him behind you and seen the bow and Indians and took it up behind him. I had to kill  him. He was gonna kill you.” She stated.

“You did good.” He kissed and hugged them both. “You did good. We have to need to watch each other. Protect each other.” He said. “Here, eat. We can sleep here and maybe we can leave tomorrow.” He handed them some dried fruits he had found. They ate and were talking when they heard someone pounding at the hatch. Then gunfire hitting the door but it held. Posie scooted closer to her mother. But then it all went silent. Posie closed her eyes. She could feel Larly' presence. The beast had felt her fear and came to find her. Killing some of the military men. And chasing off the rest. But the three of them stayed inside the bomb shelter for the night. Larly lay across the door outside. He would not leave until he saw them emerge the next morning. Posie petted him and sent him off to hunt. 

“How does he know?” Quelen asked.

“Don't know. We need to get to our car.” Axen lead them back to the house they once stayed in now totally destroyed. All of their food and supplies, taken or ruined. So the girls gathered what they could salvage and stuffed it into the back seat of the car. Axen drove them to the nearest store and restocked their supplies. Stuffing the car full. Drove back to the other village near the bubbles. It took them all of four hours to get there. When they pulled into the small ghost town, they made their way off the main road and down a couple side streets. Found a house set back In some trees. Hard to see from the road. A place that could easily be missed. He backed the car in best he could and helped the girls get everything inside the house. It wasn't as nice as their other home. But it would do. Posie ran off to check the house over. Then looked out the back door.

“Daddy, there is no playhouse! No swing y thing!” She complained.

“Sorry. Maybe we can find one around. But need to first make this our house. It's hiding better then the others.” He told her.

“Fine.” She sighed.

“We''ll need some cooking items too. So maybe you two can go find a store. Gather some stuff for us.” Quelen said as she opened each cupboard. Cringed at the smell from the refrigerator, checked to see if there was running water and power. Satisfied, she went to cleaning her new kitchen.

“You wanna go find a store with me?” Axen asked his bummed out little girl.

“Yeah, guess so.”

“Good. We can use one of them push carts to get stuff in. We'll push it here.” He smiled.

“Is this our house for now?” Posie asked.

“Yes.” He nodded. “At least for now. Come, let's go find a shopping store.” He took her hand and they were off to find another adventure. Leaving Quelen to clean and cook. Posie hoping to find another playhouse and swing set along the way.


Chapter Fifty-One

The boy opened the trap door and peeked out. He didn't see anyone inside the church. So he waved for the others to follow him. He ran to the front doors and looked out. The bright shining sun blinded him for a moment. But once his eyes adjusted he could tell that this town had been thoroughly searched. Broken windows and doors smashed in. flattened trees and shrubs. Trash strewn about.

“Hopefully they won't be back for a while. Now that they've trashed the place.” He told the teacher.

“We need you to take someone and go see if they tore up all the stores. We'll need food soon. I'm hoping they haven't did much damage to any food.” The teacher told him. So the boy took two of his friends and headed out. They walked the trash laden streets and found a nearby store still full of groceries they could use. The doors were still locked. Timmis pulled at the locked doors. Thought about breaking out the glass, but saw his friend climbing in through a smaller window. His friend came around to the doors and unlocked them. And their shopping venture began. They started down one isle and up the next. Stuffing items into their carts. Not caring what they grabbed. As long as it looked like food...they took it. Timmis rounded a corner of an isle and froze in his tracks. Standing before him were two people. One man and a child. 'Ghosts' he thought. The man held a gun on him.

“I'm sorry. I didn't mean to...” Timmis' words stopped as he realized who these people were. “Axen?” He said in question. “Posie.”

“Yes. I am Axen.” The man answered.

“I'm Timmis, you remember.”

“I do.” Axen said but refused to take his gun off the boy.

“Do you want to kill me?” Timmis asked.

“Do I need to?”

“No!” Timmis coward. “What happened to you? You left. Then Harris went crazy. Stole all our food and supplies. Then locked himself away in bubble Seven. But we got out. And Eight blew up. So we walked here. Found a church and hid inside. The teacher Darlene, is here with us. She talks of you. Wanted to find you. Will you come see her?”

“Maybe.” Axen held the gun on him. “You say you are with others here?” He asked the boy.

“Yes, we're gathering food.”
“How many got out?” He asked.

“Thirty one.”

“Did Miriam escape?”

“I'm sorry. She stayed in Nine. It filled up with water and.” The boy stopped. Axen let his weapon fall to his side as the boy breathed a sigh of relief. “Go and gather what you need.” Axen told him. “But do not come out at night. Or you will be killed.” He told Timmis then took his own cart full of supplies out the back door. Timmis tried to see where they had went, but lost them. So he went back to help his friends. Neither of which had seen “Axen or Posie. They were too busy shopping. Timmis told them of the encounter.

“You really saw them?” Armish asked.

“Yes, and spoke to them.”

“Were they okay? Not like the deformed ones or like the cannibals?”

“No.” Timmis answered. “They looked fine. I told Axen that the teacher wanted to see him. He said, maybe.”

“We need to hurry and tell the teacher.” The three of them finished their gathering and rushed back to the church. Told their teacher all about what had happened. She was shocked and surprised to know that Axen and his family were alive.

“What else did he say?” She asked.

“Just that we should never come out at night or we'll get killed here. Do you think he'll kill us?” Timmis queried.

“No, but something else might. So we stay inside after dark. That's a rule.” She stated.

“Done!” everyone agreed. They divided up the food that was brought back and ate. Unsure what to do next. Darlene had asked Timmis if he had been able to see where Axen had gone, but the boy shook his head.

“They walked out and when I looked, they were gone. Just like that.” He snapped his fingers.

“Well, I'm guessing that they're hiding some where close by. They need food too. So they'll stay close to the store. Maybe in the marrow we can see if we can find them. I'd like to speak to them. I've somethings to tell him. Things he might want to know.” She said as she sat down. Her mind now racing.


Chapter Fifty-Two

Axen and Posie were inside the old grocery store gathering what they needed when all of a sudden, someone invaded their turf. Axen pulled out his pistol and crouched behind a counter, thinking the invaders to be the military again. But then he recognized their faces. Yet he went into defense mode. Unsure if he should trust them or not. He had no idea if these students wee working for Harris or the military. He had no idea why they were even there. In this town, his town, Axen ruled. So he waited until the one made his way over to where Axen was hiding. Stood up and pointed the gun into the boys face. And as the boy took notice, Axen pulled the guns hammer back with a loud distinct click. The boy froze. And after a brief encounter, Axen told him to count to ten and not to move until then. Which gave him and Posie time enough to exit the store and disappear down the alley way. They crossed a road and headed home. Knowing the boy would lose sight of him. Hoping he would not try to chase them.

They brought their supplies home, and let Quelen put them away as Posie told her story of how brave her daddy was. Then another of how her mommy had killed a mili man to save her daddy. Which made them all laugh. Her cute stories were so dramatized and over rated, it was hard not to laugh. The three of them enjoyed a nice meal and stayed up late making plans for the next attack. If one came. Then discussed what they were going to do about the teacher and her students.

“We can't take them in. There is too many. And they'll only get us caught.” Quelen stated.

“We're not. From now on, it's only us.”

“And Larly. “Posie put in.

“And Larly. But only until we escape the wall. Then Larly is on his own. That's the deal.”

“I 'member.” Posie frowned.

“Good. Will we need to get more supplies for ourselves?” Quelen asked him.

“Yes, before they take it all. So we can gather at night. Look for more tonight. We can fill up that back room.” He nodded. 

“What about them?” She asked.

“I told them not to come out at night or they'll be killed.”

“Can Larly sleepy in the box?” Posie referred to the garage.

“If he wants to. I'll leave the big door open.”

“And put food, water out there?”

“Yep.”

“And put blankys out there too?”

“Yep.”

“And.”

“And that's all!” Quelen cut her off. So Posie gave her a half smile. She had to try. Knowing that would have to do. The three of them slept through the most of the next day. And in the early evening, they ventured out to gather more food. Each with their own shopping cart. Piled to the hilt with all they could push. Going back three more times. Nearly clearing out the store. Then venturing off to find another. Leaving behind only what they didn't want. Once morning came, they were well hid again. Awaiting the next night.


Chapter Fifty-Three

“Now I see why they didn't want us to go out at night.” Timmis complained as he stood inside an empty grocery store. “They took everything!” He grumbled.

“Then let's find another store.” Armish suggested. So they went off to find that every store in the small village had been raided. Leaving mere scraps. Timmis let Darlene know.

“Should have thought as much. He feels threatened. Like we're in his territory. Invaders. I really need to speak with him, and soon.” She said. “Can you boys see if you can find him? Don't confront him, just find where they're hiding. I'll go to him alone.” She said.

“Not today.” Timmis said. “There' trucks out on the main roads. We saw them on our way back.” The teacher sighed “Can't seem to get a break.” She was saying when. 

“None of us can.” a voice said from behind her. She spun around to find Axen and his family standing there. 

“Axen!” She grabbed and hugged him then Quelen and Posie. “You came!” She was so happy.

“We did. You said you needed to talk to me?”

“Yes. Please come in and sit.” She offered. They caught up on all that had happened from the time Axen had left the bubbles until now. Posie even told the students her story about Larly, which Axen backed up.

“That makes sense.” Darlene said.

“What does?” Axen inquired.

“Why this creature keeps following you three. Because.” She raised her hands. But Axen and Quelen were still puzzled. So Darlene had to spell It out for them.

“Do you remember when Posie was born? Well, you also remember how Harris took her and he left the room. That's because he was ordered to. He was first ordered to let you two get together. Then married you quick. You had Posie and he was ordered by the military to place a tracking device into her little arm. See, right here.” She pointed to her own arm.

“You say that Posie has something in her arm?” Quelen asked.

“Yes.” So Quelen looked at Posie' arm. There was a tiny scar on her shoulder.
“See.” Darlene pointed. “That's why the creature follows you. Get rid of that...and it will leave you alone.”

“No it won't.” Axen stated. “It'll kill us. That's why I've warned you not to go out at night. He comes out at night.”

“I thought you were only saying that so you could gather all the supplies for yourselves.” The teacher said.

But Axen laughed. “We did take all the food. Not because of you.”He laughed. It was Darlene' turn to be puzzled.

“Then why?”She asked.

“Because,” He forced himself to stop his laughter, “Because, they'll come back and destroy everything. They know we're here, so they'll come ruin the food, the water, and try to kill any one they find. They want us all dead.” He told her. “So we gathered all we could. Hid it. Now they can come and find nothing. Unless, they find you.”He stared over at the teacher. 

“Is there a better place we can hide?” She asked him.

Axen gave it some thought. “Maybe out at that old farm house way out that way.” He pointed to the west. “It should be big enough to hold you all.”

“And it has a big kitchen.” Quelen added.

“It has good land to farm like you did in the bubbles.” Axen added more. 

“What about you guys?”

“We have other plans. Beyond the wall.” Axen said. “We'll give you enough food to be okay for a while. Then that's it. We want to be left alone.”

“What about this beast.” The teacher asked.

“Larly!” Posie corrected.

“We'll have him leave you alone. But if you come back to us, we'll send him after you.” He warned. “That's my rule.” He told her.

“We will bring the food to you. So don't come to us.” Quelen stated. Posie only smiled. Darlene shook her head at them. I don't understand what all this had done to you guys. Regardless, I'm glad to see you three have done so well on your own. It's made you stronger. And I really missed you all.” Darlene frowned.

“And we have missed you too. But now that you have seen us again, we must leave. And you must leave us alone. Be careful, the military government men are always following us. Don't let them find you.”

“We won't. We'll head out to that farm you spoke of. Stay there.” Darlene got up and hugged them tight. “Be careful yourselves okay?” She smiled with sadness. Axen took Posie' hand and the three of them left the church. They spent the rest of the day and night hauling food and supplies out to the farm for the teacher and her students. Refusing to let any of them help him. Then hid again to rest. That next day, Darlene and her group of kids made their way out to the farm house. Found all that Axen had brought for them and began to settle in. Still her heart was heavy for the three she had lost. More than all those that had died in the bubbles. Why? Because Axen, Quelen and Posie were still alive. Yet untouchable. The others she had lost were lay to rest. That same evening, she stood staring out a window. Saw something big and very black slithering through the wood' darker shadows. Knew it had to be the beast Posie spoke of...Larly. She drew the curtains closed and went to find her bed. They had stayed in the old farm house more than a month before the military had figured out where they were. Surrounded the house with all the students inside and then torched the place to the ground. As if all who were in it had some sort of disease. The poured more fuel over the ashes to make sure nothing remained.


Chapter Fifty-Four

By the time the teacher and all her students had been killed...Axen and his family had moved twice more. Staying on the run seemed to be the best option. Always leaving themselves an out. An escape route, an easy portal to another sense of freedom. No matter how short lived it was. Even finding a hidden cave up in the mountains. But with low supplies, they were forced to scavenge the near by towns for food. Eating whatever was available. Wondering if they too were turning cannibal. But they were far from that. They knew how to plant and farm. Gather and collect. Cook and prepare, fish and find what they needed to survive. Axen had taken time enough to walk the entire walls perimeter. Which took them a total of one month, three days to complete the circle on foot. Finding only the one opening. They figured this out by dragging a stick along the wall. Posie loved the walk. Camping out under the stars at night and walking the wall in daylight hours. Hunting for berries and nuts. They even found a lake to swim and bathe in. sleeping in caves or under huge pine trees during rainy nights and against the wall itself.

“Axen.” Quelen called as he was pacing ahead. “When will we leave?”

“Soon. We'll have to need to leave soon. The military men are finding us easier, every time. So we need to go soon. But first, we can go back to the town and get a car. Some more food and we can go.”

“What about Larly?” Posie asked.

“We haven't seen him in many many days. If he comes back then we'll use his help.” Axen smiled down at her. Posie had been a trooper with all of this. She stayed right up with her father. Matching his every pace. Quelen on the other hand, was beginning to show her pregnancy. And her pace was growing slower. She knew she had to tell him. So she stopped to take a break.

“Axen!” She called. Waited till he turned around and saw that she had stopped.

“Are you okay?” He asked.

“No.” She answered. “I need to know from you. Now that we are not in the bubbles and there is no teachers to make our rules. Only you to make the rules.” She stared into his eyes. “What if I were with child?” She asked.

“You have a child. Posie is our child.”

“No. I am asking, what if I was to have another child. Will we have to kill it?” Axen looked at her with deep content. “I make the rules for us now. And I say No.” He told her.

“So I will not have to need to kill my baby?” She wanted to know. 

“No. Wait.” He looked at her funny. “You are?”

“Yes. With your child. That is why I can not walk as fast as you two. I need more rest.” She rubbed her belly. Axen could only smile and nodded at her. Hugged her tight. Kissed her lips then her stomach. Posie was puzzled. So her parents had to explain what was going on, how it happened,and where babies came from. Once she understood, she was excited to know she was going to have a little play mate. They spent another couple weeks on the move through the wooded region. Then turned toward the nearest town they could find. Saw a couple military troops in the area but they eventually left. So sneaking in was easy. The found some food and ate their fill. Axen found a car with enough gas to take them through the wall and far away from all this. But needed to wait until the military had moved on from this part of the region. It was important to know where the military were. Shadowing them in hopes to avoid them better. He had no idea, other than to be killed by them, what they would want with him or the girls. So he kept on the move. They filled their car with supplies and drove it as close to the wall' only opening as they dared to. Pulled off the main road and parked it. Axen got out and began laying heavy pine branches over the car to camouflage it's shiny glare. Then went on the run again, so the military would not catch glimpse of what they were up to.

“Daddy.” Posie stopped. “What' that in the tree?” She pointed up at something strapped to the tree branches

“Don't know. Looks like a box. Maybe for birds.” He stared up at the thing with a puzzle look. Then moved on. The camera turned to track their movement. What ever this strange item was, it bore no interest to them as they made their way back around toward the lake. Posie noticed a few more of the cameras along the way but only gave them a fleeting glimpse. At the lake they got water and took baths. By this time Quelen was showing quite well in her pregnancy and the added weight took its toll on her. She needed to eat more often, take more rests and lost energy a little quicker. But she never once complained. She tr edged onward. Wondering what they were going to do when the child came. The had the teacher to help them when Posie was born. But now, they were gone. She had that little streak of fear that stuck to the back of her mind. Hoping to be able to leave this place before the child came so that someone out there, beyond these walled in forest grounds, could help her in her child birthing. She waited until they had gotten cleaned up and had washed out their clothing, had it hanging in branches to dry in the midday sun and wind, to make them something to eat. Walking around naked for a couple hours meant very little to them. It was just a part of who they had become. They were more concerned with keeping an eye out for the military. Axen made a make shift shelter as the girls went off in search of berries. Then slept for the night under the one blanket Axen had carried with them. To Posie, living like this was heaven, and she could not be happier. He had her parents, all the outside she could ever want, and was loved. She was very young when she had lived in the bubbles, but this...this was her life now. And she loved it.

Early morning, they rose with the sun. Fished for food and ate. They were all sitting on huge boulders, simply enjoying the sun and the warmth it gave after a cool night. Posie heard giggling. Turned to look at her mother who was staring over at her.

“Did you hear that?” Quelen asked.

“Yes.” Axen said as he got up. Knife in hand. “We've been being followed.”

“Who is it?” Posie asked.

“Don't know. Maybe one of the students . Maybe a military man.”

“Or a cannibal!” Quelen stated. Again the giggling. But this time Axen had seen where it came from. The movement was slow but distinct. So he reached down and picked up a fist sized rock and threw it as hard as he could at the shadowy figure. A moment later, it ran off. He growled at it as it ran off. Hoping to have chased it away for good. Once they had finished with their meal and were clean, clothes dry enough to put back on. They made their way toward the Biense' ance domes. There was a small village near there they could find more food. Besides, they loved sitting up in their hidden spots they had found up in the thick tree branches so they could watch the people inside the bubbles. But when they arrived, They saw trucks rolling in. But these trucks were different from the usual military types. These were huge long silver boxes with rows of windows along it's sides. And as each one pulled up to the domed bubbles, those inside shuffled from the bubble' doorway onto these long vehicles. When it was full, its door shut and it drove away. Letting the next one pull up to do it all again. The three runaways sat watching in amazed wonder. Until the very last person had boarded the bus and it pulled away. After which, the military left. Leaving the bubbles empty The trio waited an hour before they ventured in. Creeping up to the bubble' door. It was left open. They went in and found what food they could. Posie found jewelery she loved wearing so much and they darted back out. Not knowing if the doors would automatically close on them. And not wanting to take that risk. They had already been to the Aufond domes, found it empty and bare. And the complex they had grown up in, the Coup d' essai, was nothing more than a large pile of melted glass and earth. A cesspool of melted memories. And now, there was this one. Abandoned.

Axen turned and looked into the direction the trucks had went. “Come, it's time.” He told the girls as they all headed to get their car. Left hidden and stocked with supplies. They could still hear the slow moving convoy ahead of them. Even though they were on foot, they kept pace. When they found their car. Axen quickly uncovered it. The paused for a moment. He could see the truck lights in the far distance and knew that it would take the convoy another hour or so to be searched and let through. Just as he had seen them do when he had first discovered the holographic gateway. Cloaking it's opening. So he drove just as slow as he had seen the trucks ahead moving. When they had reached the veiled curtain, Axen parked. Got out and took a quick look behind him to make sure no one had sneaked up behind them. Nothing but road. So he ran to the wall and went through the holographic image of a wall. Stuck his face out to see what was going on. All the vehicles had moved on. Giving him ample space to make it through. So he ran back to his car and climbed in.

“What are they doing?” Quelen asked.

“They have moved on, far ahead. I think we can make it through now.” He put the car into gear. Looked over at his wife and child. “Turned his attention to the road ahead of him. His heart racing. His hands went sweaty. His breath labored as he hit the gas.

Chapter Fifty-Five

“You've got your orders.” Captain Watchman told Sargent Tillison.

“Yes sir.” the man said then began barking out his own orders to those beneath his rank. “Get them moving!” Tillison yelled. “I've got all night, but you don't. Now move it!” The Sargent shouted at his men, who kept the lines of people they had just released from the Biense' ance bio dome, moving onto the buses. People who were sent there as a privilege to the rich or famous. They were given their every whim. Their every taste for fashion, food, elegance, and prestige whim. An experiment meant to enlighten the minds of the media. All in hopes to nurture their ever growing list for modernization. The proverbial cloak the government had pulled over the eyes of society. Catering to the rich, who supported their needs for secrecy.

“What of them?” Sargent Tillison nodded at the three faces he could see hiding out in the shadows of the forest around them.

“Leave them be. They're a part of the Coup d' essai experiment. Just keep an eye on them. If they try to attack or cause trouble, we might have to put them down. I don't want to and my orders are not to. So keep a close eye on them.” The Captain ordered.

“Capt. Can I ask? What the hell went on over there? Heard that place went to shit quick.”

“Oh, more than you know.”

“Was it an experiment as well?”

“A very ugly one. Damn thing was only supposed to last ten years but some how it shut itself down. Sat there like that for almost fifteen years. We couldn't move in to fix it. So we just left it. Then all of a sudden we get monitor feed showing that the damn thing was alive again. Thing was, it went right into destruct mode. The clock started. All we could do was wait and clean up the mess.”

“What kind of experiment sir.”

“Just like this. But in an agricultural sense. The fail safe wasn't supposed to kick in though. But it did and for the most part...we lost the facility. But not all the data. And some of that has shown us a few things about humans we had not expected. But I'm not the one to discuss such matters with.”

“What about the Au fond facility sir? What happened there?

“Hm! That one was built as an extra, but we used it to house the worst of the worst criminals. But somehow they managed to poison themselves. Not sure if we did it or they did it to themselves. But it's done,their gone, and the world' probably better off for it.” The Captain explained. “ Was everyone of the Coup d' essai found or eliminated?” He asked.

“Yes sir. Except those three.” Sargent Tillison stated.

“Good. We'll send in a troop to capture them later. For now we've got these people to tend to. Now get back to your men.” The Captain sent him on his way. He then stood watching the lines of people boarding their buses. And when the last one was full and on it's way, the Captain gave a wave for his men to follow and they headed down the road. Through the giant wall' veiled curtain and away from the testing site.


Chapter Fifty-Six

Axen could feel the nervous sweat beading up on his forehead. Swiped the back of his hand across it. This was the moment. His heart raced like wild horses. Not as if he had ever seen wild horses. He held his breath, looked at his worried wife and scared child, then hit the gas pedal. Stomping it to the floor. The tires squealed as they broke free and the car sped off. He gripped the wheel until his knuckles turned white, as if he were expecting to crash any second. But he didn't as he flew through the holographic veil and out the other side. The two guards on the other side, keeping watch jumped for the ditch as the car came barreling through their petty gate. Axen had plenty of time, speed, and distance to veer around the slow moving vehicles ahead of him. Not once looking back. His foot refused to let off the gas. And they sped past the long line of trucks and buses. Faces staring out at them as they headed out to the freedom just ahead of them. Moving fast. Axen had to let off the pedal enough to make the curves ahead He was very determined to get his family as far as his car would take him. And he drove. Posie sat in the back seat staring out the window behind them. Watching for any of the military vehicles to give chase. Axen saw a road in the distance and slowed for it, made the turn, and hit the gas pedal again. Hoping it was enough to escape the military.

“Axen, you can slow down some.” Quelen reached over and set her hand on his arm. He was so tense and focused to stop. He gave her a wild eyed look, but she smiled at him. “We'll be okay now. We're out. And we know how to live in the woods. We can farm and fish. We'll be okay!” She assured him. So he backed off some. Quelen looked back at Posie who was hugging her big black teddy bear up under her arm. She turned and knelt on the seat so she could look out the back window. ”Posie, want this?” Quelen held out an apple for her.

“Thank me.” Posie said.

“Your welcome.” Quelen smiled. They drove another ten or so miles before they saw any signs of life. It was a small village. Axen stopped before they had gotten to the first building. 

“Do you think it's safe?” Quelen asked him. But Axen shrugged. All this was just as new for him. And uncharted land and risks.

“It looks safe. We can try.” He said with a hint of uncertainty. So they slowly pulled into the village.


Chapter Fifty-Seven

As soon as the car sped through their gate, the two guards got on their radio and called ahead to the Captain. The Captain watched as the car sped by them. “Interesting.” He said under his breath. 

“Do you want me to try and catch them sir?”

“No. We'd never keep up with that car. I thought that all the vehicles in there were to be disabled?” He queried.

“They were sir, but due to a time crunch, a lot of the cars were simply drove in and left. Keys and all.”

“Idiots!” Captain Watchman scolded in disgust. “Radio ahead to Central let them know that one of their pets have figured out how to operate a vehicle and is on the run. And make sure you contact the clinic. Just in case they turn off the main road.” The Captain ordered.

“Yes sir.” The officer went about making his calls. “They're at the clinic sir. Our people are about to close in on them.”

“Tell them to be careful these lab rats are considered to be extremely dangerous. Twice as strong as any good man. And if they're smart enough to figure out how to operate a vehicle, which makes me wonder how the hell they managed learning that, then they could be just as crafty. Keep men on them. But don't move in until I get there.” He ordered.

“Yes sir.” The officer called. “They are headed to the supply hut sir.”

“Let them eat. They'll most likely want to find a place to hide and sleep. Tell 'em to watch and observe only. We'll be there in ten.” By the time the Captain had made it to the village, his men were surrounding a building that sat out of the way of the others. Just on the edge of the woods. Used as a quarter master' hut.

“What' in there?” Captain Watchman asked.

“It's our Quarter mastery.”

“Anything else?”

“Weapon' and ammo sir.”

“Great!” The Captain scowled. “Not only have we let them out. We've given them weapons as well.” 

“I was told sir that they're not very intelligent.”

“Really?” The Captain half laughed. “Let's see. They've managed to allude us for more than a year. They figured out our codes and let themselves out. How to drive a car. Shot a gun. Oh...one even figured out how to use a compound bow. Nice and stupid huh!” He stared at the officer. “So lets feed 'em, give 'em fatigues so they can hide better, and weapons to fight with.”

“Sorry sir. What do you suggest we do?”

“If it were up to me...I'd either torch the tent or open fire on it, shoot anything that comes out. But it's not up to me. Get me a phone.” He said as the officer ran off. The Captain stared over at the Quarter master hut, trying to figure out what his next move was going to be. When all of a sudden the front flap opened and out stepped three people.
Chapter Fifty-Eight

“I can smell food, over there.” Quelen told Axen as he pulled up and parked. 

“Here, take this.” He handed her his knife. Then pulled out his hand gun. “Posie, you stay close to daddy, okay?”

“Yep.” She answered. They stepped out of their car into the silent streets. Looked around themselves as they moved in close to the largest tent where the aroma of cooked foods floated from. Axen moved back the canvas flap and looked inside. No one was in there, yet hot stemming food sat cooking on a stove. So they quickly moved in on the food. Filling their hungered bellies. Axen ate quick but kept one eye on the canvas flap. He had left it cracked just enough to see out. Saw movement in the distance and took a quick look through the crack. He saw men surrounding the tent. So he made a wave for the girls.

“Quick, gather what you can carry in your pockets. We need to have to go.” He told them then stuffed bread, cheese, meats, and fruits into their pockets. Left that tent out the back and headed over to another as if nothing was amiss. Axen saw a hut further back from the others. It was closed and close to the forest trees. “Come,” He whispered. And lead the girls toward the hut. He heard voices inside as he stopped at it's entrance. Speaking in that other language his teacher used. He looked at his wife, showed her his gun and she raised her knife. Then simply stepped inside the tent and took the three men inside by surprise. They instantly raised their hands. Staring at their intruders. But when Axen told them to leave. They clearly did not understand. Nor did he under stand them either. Their words sounded alien to him, just as his words must of sounded alien to them. The men must have taken Axen' gestures as a command to lay on the ground and they did. Not wanting to be killed or wounded.

“Hurry. Put on their clothes. We can look like them.” Axen told the girls. So they stripped off their clothes and donned the camouflage fatigues. When the girls were done, Axen had Quelen keep his gun on the men and he did the same. Axen took a rifle and slung it over his shoulder, took some ammo and what food they had taken and looked for a back door. But there wasn't one. So he used one of the large boa knifes he had found on a table to cut down the center of the tents rear wall. Sent the girls out and off into the woods. He followed right behind them. Running hard and fast. Axen thought to run in a straight line but then turned left. Circling back around toward the front of the village where his car was. They had to hide in the thicket for a few minutes. Watching as the three men stepped out of the front of their hut and all the other men running towards the woods. That's when Axen hurried his family over to their car. Got in and was about to start it, but the keys were gone. He began searching around the seat and floor. Heard a knock on his window, and in panic, he looked up to find...Darlene standing there. The old teacher was like a ghost staring in at him. He was shocked to see her alive. She opened his door. Dangled the keys in her fingers.

“Looking for these?” She asked. It was a question he understood well. And in a language he knew.

“Why do you have them?” He asked.

“Let me get in and I'll explain it to you.” She told him. So he nodded. Darlene climbed into the back seat with Posie who slid all the way over to the other door. As if a ghost had just sat down next to her.

“Here.” She said. Axen quickly took the keys and started the car. Backed up and threw the car into drive. Hit the gas and spun off.

“Slow down some Axen. We don't need to get into an accident.”

“Why are you here?” He wanted to know.

“Because of you. And Quelen, and especially Posie. Who isn't supposed to be.”
“What do you mean?” Quelen asked. “She is our daughter. She is here!”

“Yes she is. But she shouldn't be.”

“Why?”

“Well,” Darlene began. “Let me begin back when you two were first sent to the bubbles. My job as the teacher was to watch over all the young girls. Teach them to farm. To grow things. Raise animals. To program each one of you to do what the military wanted you to do. Harris had the same job with you boys. But something went wrong. Something bad. And all your programming went to pieces.” She explained.

“Programming? What's that?” Axen asked.

“Axen, each one of you, boys and girls, have a microchip implanted inside your heads. It was.” She began to explain but Quelen cut her off.

“What's a microchip?”

“I'm sorry. I forget that you kids have no knowledge of technology. Technology is all the stuff like you see inside this car. Like that radio, or the engine that makes this car move. Things like that. New stuff you see that you don't know how to use or what it's about. And a microchip is a teeny tiny little piece of technology that the military put inside your heads to help control and program you. Make you do what they want you to do. But!”  She paused. “It didn't work on you two for some reason. Why? I don't know, and neither do they. That's why the military wants you two alive. So they can figure out what went wrong.” 

“ So they don't want to kill us? Axen asked.

“I'm not saying that. All I'm saying is, they want you alive, if possible, to study you. And ...figure out how you two were able to make babies. Quelen giggled.

“Not like that.” Darlene stopped her. “See inside each of you girls are parts that can make babies. But the military gave all of you a substance to take that away. And it worked on all the others except you two.” She told them. Axen and Quelen looked at each other, then at Posie. Axen had to ask. “What about Miriam? She had two of my children.”

“Her too!” Darlene said with raised brows. But she's dead and she can;t be tested. Nor can the two little ones you created by her. But you two 'can' be tested. And the military wants you.” She was saying as Axen rounded the corner onto the main road.

“What about the deformed people?” Quelen queried.

“They too are all dead. The military had an inside man. Who gave them all a drug that made their minds go crazy. Then told them that they were healed. When they really weren't. Told them that they were little children. And shot them all. Including the inside man.”

“How 'bout canni's?” Posie added.

“The cannibals, you mean?”

Posie nodded.

“They were all just like you once. But when the system shut down and they ran out of food...they turned on each other, when the system went back on line. It must have short circuited their microchips and caused them to go insane.”

“Short cir?” Posie looked at her sideways.

“It means that the teeny tiny thing in their heads burned up. It must have hurt their heads really bad and made them go crazy.” She explained.

“Why could I not know what the military men were speaking. It was different from our words. You and Harris speak it. Why don't we know?”

“Oh! Because, I taught all of you kids to speak an old language that is no longer spoken. It's called English. It was a language Harris and I learned in college. Which is school. I thought it would be fun to teach all you students to speak English instead of Marinish. Harris was against it at first but went along. So we taught you the language. It hasn't been used in over three hundred years. Then Harris and I could use Marnish when we want to talk privately.”

“Where is Harris?” Axen asked.

“Unfortunately, he died. He was supposed to survive in bubble Seven until the military came to save him, but...somehow one of the cannibals got in with him and she killed and ate him. The other cannibals got caught in bubble Eight and were killed too. I don't know what happened to the girl. Think she got away.” 

“I do.” Axen said. “She still lives in the woods. I heard her giggling one day at the lake. I threw a rock at her and she was scared away.”

“Hm! Then she did live.” Darlene nodded. “Good for her. But if she is there, they'll find her.”

“Why was people in other bubbles?' Quelen asked.

“Same as you. To be tested.” Axen sat giving what she had told them a lot of thought, and could only come up with one small statement. “So you lied?” He accused her.


Chapter Fifty-Nine

They ran straight into the woods. Fanning out to cover more ground in case these three escapees were bedded down in the thick foliage. Captain Watchman ordered his men to carry stun guns only. And to bring the three in alive. Unharmed. But as they got some hundred yards into the thick tangled jungle forest, one of the men heard a car start. Turned back to catch a small glimpse of the white vehicle driving off.

“SERG!” He yelled. Running over to meet up with him. “Sargent, was anyone supposed to take their car?”

“No why?”

“Cause it just drove off.” the officer pointed. So the men ran back to the compound.

“Call ahead. they may be headed back to the test site, or toward civilization. Either way, I want them caught and standing in front of me by night fall.” The Captain gave his orders. “Find me the Professor, tell Professor Webber that I need to speak with her.”

“Uh, sir.” A private began. “She left with...uh, them. I saw her get into their car and they left. I couldn't stop her.” The private explained.

“Shoot me now!” Sargent Tillison shook his head. “Capt' gonna have my ass and I'm gonna have yours.”

“Don't sweat it Sargent. I told her to go. “ The Captain said.

“Sir?”

“We need them to feel as if 'they' are in control. I'm not sure how much you know about these people...but believe me, they're not what you think.”

“I still don't understand sir. What exactly are they?”

“Exactly my question. What are they?” The Captain stared into the man's eyes.

“Capt. What the hell; have we created?”

“This is way above my head but from what I know. A genetic cross bred animal, human, and something else. Call it what you will. But these people we're  chasing, they're fast, strong, can adapt to most anything, any situation, climate, pressure, or terrain. Scientist created them, contained them as small children. Taught them some three hundred year old language. Now look at them...driving cars, using weapons. Adapting. Did you notice the weather up here in Canada?”

“Yeah, It's winter.”

“Exactly my point. And here these three people are running around with no shoes on their feet, barely dressed, and it doesn't even faze them, hell we even have video record showing them swimming in lake water that would give you and me hypothermia in seconds. If it didn't kill us. And they're out swimming in it having a good ole time! Like it's bath water.” The Captain told him the story. “So you tell me. What the hell have we created?”

“A super human.” The Sargent guessed.

“Maybe. But the only down fall is.” He paused. “They tend to have hallucinations. See things that aren't there. Yet they believe with every fiber of their being that what they think they see...is real. “The Captain stated.

“Like what sir?”

“Like a twenty foot creature. Black as night that stalks the shadows but is like a pet to these three. We think that the little girl has put the suggestive creature into her parents mind. A mass hypnotic. And they all see what she wants them to see, hear, even feel or smell. As if it were actually real. These three killed some of our men and blamed it on this imaginary creature. Without realizing that they were the ones who were doing it. Why do you think they eat so much? It's because their metabolism is so high. Burning calories out of control. And they haven't even realized the limits they could go. Now that...even scares me!” The Captain said.

“Sir.” A private ran up. “Call came in. Said they're heading toward Arland. Do you want us to try to intercept them there?”

“No. We need to try and turn them around. Get them back to the test site. If it's at all possible. Then get the Admiral on the line.”He sent the private on his way then turned back to the Sargent.

“Do you see how easy they infiltrated our compound? Then escaped with relative ease? And they're only kids. No more than twenty.” He told the Sargent. The two of them walked over to the mess tent and went in. Saw how much food was gone and shook their heads. They headed off to the quarter masters and looked over the damage there as well. The Captain knew that if these three kids weren't caught and caught soon, they would most definitely become very dangerous. And if it were up to him, he would have detained the trio by now. But, unfortunately, his hands were tied. He had his orders and they came across the desk of someone higher up who got theirs from someone even higher. So all he could do at this time was chase the three around. Hoping it wouldn't be long. He wanted to get out of the cold and snow.

“Admiral's on the line sir.” The private stepped up with a sat phone.

“Sir.” Captain Watchman began.


Chapter Sixty

Axen accused Darlene of lying to him. She was stunned to know that he even knew what lying was. She was speechless but then sat forward.

“Axen, I'm sorry. But it's hard for you to understand. I have a job to do. Something I was ordered to do. So I had to do all those things. I didn't want to, but if I didn't, I would have been killed like the others.” She frowned.

“So how did you live?” Axen asked her.

“I sent the kids out to the farm house. I stayed at the church.' She sat back. “They came and got me. Now I'm here with you. And I could get killed just as easy as you. Please. Come back to the bubbles and let me help you to understand.” She offered.

“No.” Axen flatly stated. “We can't go back.”

“What will happen to Larly?” Posie asked.
“Sweetheart. Larly was never real. That's why you don't see him anymore. He was  just in your head. Created from the microchip.” 

“Like a dreaming?”

“Yes, like a dream. You thought him up from your toys. But he's not real like you and me.” Darlene told the child. Then thought to use Posie to try and convince her parents to go back to the test sites.
“You know Posie. Maybe you can go back and see him. He has to stay at the bubbles. Out here, you can't see him. And I bet he really misses you.” She was saying when Axen pulled over the car.

“Axen, is everything okay?' The teacher asked. But Axen turned in his seat to look her in the eyes. He narrowed them and asked. “Why us? Why did you ruin our lives? For the military government. What did we do to them for this?” He demanded.

“You didn't do anything to them. You were picked out of thousands of children. And it wasn't meant to ruin your lives. But to make them better. But when the bubbles went bad, it went bad for you guys too. I'm sorry. It is just how it was. But look at you now! You survived where the others couldn't. Oh, here. I got these for you.” Darlene pulled out three chocolate bars from her purse. Handed each of them a bar. Knowing they couldn't resist them. Then sat back in her seat as they ate the sweet treat. Still talking to them.

“Thank me.” Posied said.

“You mean, thank you.” Darlene corrected.

“You welcome.” Posie smiled. Darlene could only giggle. But she knew that in a few hours, these three would not be too happy. Especially with her. As the drug induced chocolate began to take it's affect. And they fell to it's sleepy intoxication. Darlene stepped out of the car and pulled out her sat phone. Made her call and stood waiting for help to arrive. The truck took twenty minutes to find her. The three bodies were collected and taken away, leaving Darlene with the car. Which she drove back to the clinic site.


Chapter Sixty-One

One month after the three escapees had been apprehended, buses began to return to the bubbled complex dropping off their precious cargo. Each group of people wore color coded arm bands. They were escorted into their new quarters. Every eye amazed at the sight of the new facility they were assigned to. A time capsule, some would say. Programmed to open in ten years. And each group of one hundred people were given everything they would ever need to last that ten years.

“Captain Watchman, is everything in order sir?”

“It is.” the Captain answered his officer.

“Sir, we're bringing in the new families now. You said you want me to let you know when they got here.”

“Good, good. Is our teacher, Ms. Darlene Webber, among them?”
“She is sir and she's been assigned to bubble Eight. She seems to like that number.”

“What of the families, she's assigned to?” The Captain queried.

“She's working with those families that have only one child, young and newly married. She says she has a special interest in one of the families. Guess we'll see how this one goes.” The officer said and then paced off. Captain Watchman nodded as he stood watching the crowds of people shuffle off their buses and following their assigned guides. He thought he caught a glimpse of a familiar face. But could not be sure. So he walked over by the buses and looked. Convinced it was a face he had seen before, a face he had once encountered. Now that face looked bleak and afraid of the new beginning it had already seen twice before. Each time ending in failure. Each time surviving somehow. Just to be thrown back into the mix of it all. The face he stood staring at was...Axen's.


Chapter Sixty-Two

“Welcome! Welcome!” She spoke over the crowd of people that stood curiously whispering. “Hello, my name is Darlene Webber.” She began. “And I will be your guide here in bubble Eight. You may call me Teacher if you like. The doors will be closing soon. So we need to start getting you all settled into your new home for the next ten years.” She smiled. “After which, we will have a meeting to go over the set of rules that will help to set the standards and set us apart from the world you once knew out there.” She smiled. Looking each person in the eyes.

“In here you will never have to worry about crime, or war, or racism, or anything that would hamper our way of living. In this place there will be peace, love, and understanding. A family kind of unity that will help each of us to learn to work together as one.” She preached out the same speech she had use so many times before. A rehearsed spiel. But then above her the lights gave a quick flicker. She noticed but said nothing as she continued her speech. 

“Well now, I see some familiar faces.” She smiled. “Hello Axen, hello Quelen, and hi there Posie.” Darlene waved but got no response. “Welcome back. I've missed you.” She pointed them out of the crowd. “We all welcome you back.”

Darlene then turned her attention back to the crowd of faces staring up at her. She smiled her rehearsed smile. “I know we will all have such a wonderful experience here.” She clapped her hands together. “I've been doing this much longer than any of the other teachers so I know all the best options. Now, if there's any questions please hold them until later. I'll be happy to answer them. But for now, let's get you all settled into your new quarters. This way please.” She waved. Everyone followed the teacher toward the quarters. Everyone but three. Three who paused for a moment as they saw a face of a wild eyed girl standing outside their bio dome, staring in with giggled laughter. The three looked at her then at each other.

“She'll help us later. “Axen said in English, to his wife and child. “We need to have to be patient. Play along.” He grinned. And they too headed off to catch up to the rest of the crowd.


Chapter Sixty-Three

Once the new cargo had been unloaded into the bubbles, Captain Watchman boarded his helicopter and lifted off.

“Take us up.” He told his pilot with a twirl of his hand. And they went up higher. The Captain wanted to get a good look at the test site. Once they were high enough the Captain could see the entire site he looked down at the world he helped to create. Below him was the outline of the fifty foot wall that took years to complete. It was one hundred and fifty miles wide. Across it's diameter. In the center of this circle lay a lake where the facilities got their fresh water supplies. Around the lake stood twelve sets of bubbles. Set out like a clock. Each facility scheduled to open one year after the next. Scattered about the site were small towns the military took over and abandoned. Used as a place to keep and store property owned by those that were assigned a place within the twelve bubbles.

“Look there sir!” The pilot pointed down at a convoy of buses that snaked through the forest below. One line of buses were headed toward a set of bubbles, another heading back out. He saw some of his military trucks driving to and from the small villages that littered the site. But were necessary. The Captain let a coy grin cross his lips. He had been doing this now most of his long career. Maybe not as long as Darlene Webber, but long enough to see through all the bubbled illusion.







Written and Illustrated by:

James Aa. Keister

on Smashwords





Thank you for downloading this story of fiction. I hope you share it with your 

friends and explore my stories on smashwords.
 




































































 




























































































































































