Book Two of A Hero’s Hope
The Sword Of Heroes

Narration
	It was the day after they had set off. Steve and Howard spanned a large distance from the ruins of the conquered village. They did not even stop to rest during the night. Regardless of how tiring it was for Steve and his grown pig, Joey, Howard had insisted that the less time they wasted, the more the villages could build defenses for the next village that would be under attack from the horseman that had destroyed his own. It had been a grueling journey, but by nightfall, Steve and Howard could see civilization beginning to pop into existence.











Chapter One
Another Village Comes Into Sight…

Steve’s POV
“I see it!” I panted with a burst of excitement at the sight of a new civilization.
“Really?” Howard questioned.
“Yeah, it’s just over that hill!” I responded, pointing over to it. He let out a hushed cheer. Joey squealed happily upon seeing the village.
“Only a little longer…” I said.
	Between us and the village was a good distance of about a hundred blocks. It was nighttime, and there were mobs trying to chase us, but fortunately we could easily outrun them. I could, however, see there were some that were between us and the village. There were even more to our sides, so it was going to be much more difficult to run around them than it was to fight them. I bit my lip in anxiety realizing that we had no choice but to take the mobs on if we were going to make it through to that village.
	Two zombies ahead stumbled slowly towards me, moaning their deathly groans in anticipation. I stopped and let one of them limp closer while Howard brought his sword down onto the other and dealt critical damage to it. The zombie swiped at me, but I swung back, knocking the mob away.
	I surged at it with a thrust of my sword, making it flash red a second time. The zombie rushed at me, this time slamming its arm against my sword arm. I felt immense pain spread across my body as my sword fell out of my grip. I quickly snatched the weapon back up and delivered one more slash onto the zombie. It collapsed to the ground with a final groan.
	Joey suddenly squealed in alarm right next to me and I turned around to see a creeper approaching us from behind. It hissed and swelled, eager to explode onto us. I let out a startled shout and sprinted away as fast as I could, knowing I could never defeat a creeper before it exploded-not without a bow.
	 I slammed against a wandering cow and flew over it, landing on the other side of the animal. Quickly, I picked myself back up and noticed a skeleton right in front of me, readying an arrow. Sprinting to the left, I managed to avoid the mob’s arrow just in time as it embedded itself into the cow’s side. The cow let out a pained moo and began to sprint around while I ran over and swung my sword at the skeletal fiend. It stumbled back and readied a second arrow, but Joey tackled it, bringing the skeleton to the ground. I quickly brought my sword down onto the skeleton, defeating it and turning it into smoke.
“Steve!” I looked forward and found Howard further ahead, battling the mobs at a much faster pace with a sword and an axe in each hand. He was pushing through them, barely letting any single mob stop him as he cut them down with powerful swings of his weapons. Picking up the pace, I made my way to him.
	A spider lunged seemingly out of nowhere and took me down to the ground. I pushed against it as hard as I could, but the monster was clenching to me tightly while it attempted to bite at me. Joey finally managed to tackle the arachnid off of me, but not before it had bit me once. I got back up and stared at the spider. It glared back at me with its intelligent eyes, waiting for me to make a move.
	I let out a holler and swung my sword down towards it, but the spider jumped to the side, then pounced and kicked me with its multiple legs, sending me back onto the ground, momentarily dazed. I saw the spider crawling slowly towards me and tried to push myself away, but then it lunged on top of me, trying to bite at my face again. I groaned with the effort to push the spider off, but Howard appeared and slammed the mob off of me with his axe. The spider turned into smoke midair.
“Hurry, we’re almost there.” He reminded. I nodded and pushed myself off the ground, back onto my feet. We were so close to the village. I could see the local iron golems of the village. Just a few dozen more blocks.
“Steve, look out!” I heard Howard shout at me. Joey squealed as well in panic. I turned around and saw a projectile flying at my face before colliding and shattering into glass. It had been a potion, and I fell backwards onto the ground from the impact.
	I began to feel nauseous and went into a coughing fit as dark green particles began floating from my body. My body started to flash red with pain as I felt something attacking my body from the inside. It could only have been a splash potion of poison. I let out a cry of pain and clutched my stomach. Joey ran by my side and stood guard, knowing what was happening to me.
“Steve, I got you!” Howard shouted as he charged at the culprit-a witch chuckling upon seeing me in my agonized state. He jumped up and slammed his axe against her, knocking the witch back. She quickly took out a healing potion to drink, but he did not allow her to finish it, defeating the witch with a quick slice of his sword. He immediately collected her drops, though I wasn’t able to determine what she had dropped, and ran over to me.
	Howard put away his axe and offered a hand up to me. I tried to reach up and accept it, but another surge of pain rattled throughout my body again-this surge even more painful, forcing me to lower my hand. I winced in pain. I knew with dread that I wasn’t going to be able to take any more hits from anything. One hit from a zombie, one bite from a spider, and that was it…
“Howard… I’m not gonna make it…” I groaned, my eyes briefly shutting from stress.
“Steve, you’re going to be fine… I’m not gonna let those mobs get any closer!” he vowed as an arrow flew by overheard, barely missing Howard. He spotted the projectile and turned to face the opposing skeleton, only to be hit with another arrow from a second skeleton.
“Ow!” he hollered out and, knowing the dire situation I was in, pulled out a shield and lowered to my level, keeping it raised against the skeletal archers that were hunting us. He looked over at Joey.
“Joey, you have to try to bring Steve to the village! Steve, if you can, go quickly while I block these skeletons’ attacks!” Howard ordered. I nodded and tried to lift my body off the ground, but was unsuccessful.
	Joey grunted and pushed my arm with his snout, then lowered his back. I understood what he was trying to do and lifted my arm onto his back, then tried as hard as I could to lift myself once again. Joey pushed his back up quickly and the momentum allowed me to rise off the ground high enough for me to stand on my legs. I then unfolded my legs and stood back on my feet.
“Thanks, buddy.” I smiled at the pig. He oinked in response.
“Hurry!” Howard shouted as he blocked another arrow, “I don’t know how long this shield is gonna last!”
	I quickly pulled out cooked mutton and consumed it as fast as I could, trying to get my body to heal. Then, I slowly made my way closer to the village, using Joey to steady myself.

	We had made it to the outside gravel roads when all of sudden, a dozen people wielding bows appeared from behind buildings and one-block ledges, arrows aimed directly at me. Joey squealed in shock and I stopped and dropped my sword, raising my hands up in surrender.
“Who are you?” one of the archers questioned in a deep and loud voice. “You better not be with that gang of griefers…”
“I-uh, I…” I stammered, still overcome with shock at how sudden they all had appeared.
“Wait!” Howard’s voice boomed, “Wait, he’s with me!” he said as he ran by my side, panting. His shield was gone. The man looked at him, then lowered his bow.
“Howard? Why aren’t you at your village?” he asked.
“That was what I wanted to talk your general for.” Howard responded, “Where is Will?”
“He’s asleep. Turned in for the night. Why?” the man questioned.
“I need to talk to him right now.” Howard repeated with annoyance.
“But-”
“Now, Javier!” he demanded.
“Okay then… Everyone, lower your weapons.” Javier ordered. Immediately, all the archers lowered their bows. Javier went off into the village, along with the rest of the archers. Howard went ahead, and so Joey and I followed him.
	I could see every house had a redstone torch on within them, no doubt it was late at night and everyone was asleep with their houses dimly lit to prevent mobs from spawning inside their homes. I was pretty tired myself. It had been two days since I last went to sleep, and even though that wasn’t a lot, it was more than I was used to.
“Who’s Will?” I asked him as we were walking side by side.
“William is the military general of this village. You see, a lot of villages work differently. In my village, I maintained watch over everything that went on, from supplies to jobs to combat training. In this village, they do things differently. There’s three people that maintain different parts of the village. There’s Nick, who watches over the supplies. There’s Katlyn, who determines who does what job for the village. And then there’s Will, who is in charge of this village’s knights. He watches over combat training and makes sure that the warriors are capable of defending the village.” He explained.
“Will’s actually pretty cool once you get to know him. He and I don’t always see eye-to-eye on certain things, but we’re still good friends. The other two, however, I don’t get along with as well.”
	Javier was approaching us, accompanied by a man who was clearly very tired as he was yawning a lot while he followed.
“I have brought him, Howard. Now, I must head off to keep watch.” Javier insisted, then went off, leaving just the three of us and Joey.
“Will-”
“Howard, this had better be important, because I have a very busy day tomorrow…” Will grumbled.
“It is very, very important, Will.” He replied.
“Why are you even away from your village? There isn’t another meeting for-”
“Because my village was destroyed!” Howard answered in a harsh voice. Will’s eyes immediately widened with shock.
“Wait, what?”
“My town had been destroyed… along with my sweet Jessie…” Howard’s face darkened. I could see a tear forming from the corner of his eye.
“But how? That place was well-guarded, with a ton of iron golems and fighters. How did it-” Will stammered.
“It was a skeleton on a skeletal horse…” Howard answered. “A skeletal commander. He had an enormous army of mobs that he led into the village. It was… the whole thing was a damn slaughter!”
“That… is very alarming news…” Will muttered, very concerned.
“Yes, and I came here to bring the council back for an early meeting. This is dire-that horseman could attack any of the others’ towns, and unfortunately I don’t think they would be able to hold out, not without preparation, at least.”
“Hmm…” Will mulled over this for a moment, then turned to face me.
“Who is this? And what’s with the pig?” he asked.
“That’s Steve, he pulled me out of the wreckage from after the village had been destroyed. He’s the reason I survived the night. The pig’s his pet.” Howard explained. I thought I saw a look of recognition and shock from Will’s face upon hearing my name, but after I had blinked his face was still one of concern and anxiety as he listened to Howard. Was I seeing things?
“Well, we prefer the term companion…” I clarified, noticing Joey’s scowl, “but yeah.”
“A pig as a companion?” Will responded, his brow raised. “I’d have chosen a wolf instead.”
“Well, Joey’s my best friend. I’d never replace him.” I said as Joey and I looked back at each other with smiles on our faces.
“The pig… I certainly didn’t expect for you to get a pig as your companion…” he commented. “I mean, there’s very little they can do in terms of combat and survival. But, at any rate, how about you go ahead and get some rest. I know it’s quite a distance between Howard’s village and mine, so you must be tired. You can sleep in my house just for tonight.” Will suggested, then pointed to a house a couple dozen blocks to his right and my left. “It’s over there, the one with the walls made of brick instead of cobblestone. Just don’t take any of my stuff… We’ll have a couple more houses built tomorrow if you’re going to stay with us, I suppose.”
“But, I’d prefer to stay…” I protested.
“Steve, just go. Will and I need to do some scheduling, and it’d be easier done by ourselves.” Howard explained.
“Okay then…” I turned to look down at my pig, “Come on, buddy. Let’s go.” We headed over to the house Will had pointed at.

“I just get the feeling that something’s going to happen. You know that feeling, Joey?” I questioned once we were outside of their hearing. Joey grunted in response, which I assumed was a yes. “I really hope that nothing happens. I hope that we can get a good night’s sleep, then maybe we can stay at this village…”
	We made it to the house and I opened the door, allowing us to enter inside. The house was fairly large on the outside, though somehow it looked even bigger on the inside! There were several chests lined up against the wall, and it was tempting to open them up and take whatever valuables I could find, but I didn’t. It was my survivalist instincts pushing me, but we weren’t on our own any longer. I wasn’t going to tempt myself to steal from Will, I was no thief.
	I found his bed, but didn’t want to use it, knowing that it belonged to someone else, so I looked around for his crafting table. When I spotted it, I went over to the wooden block and brought out the wool blocks I had gotten from killing sheep earlier today. I discovered that I only had two.
“Wait, I thought I had at least three…” I muttered and looked through my inventory once again. I couldn’t find any, but I did find a good amount of string, and so I took four out and placed them onto the crafting table, arranging them into a small square formation. The string shot together and turned into a single wool block.
	I took the wool block and placed it back onto the crafting table, along with the two others. Going back through my inventory, I pulled out three wooden blocks and placed them on the crafting table as well. I arranged the six blocks in order, with the wool above the wooden blocks. Within a second, all six ingredient blocks came together to form a bed.
	I took up the bed and placed it down on the ground behind me, then hopped on into it, covering myself in its soft red blankets. Joey jumped up and landed on me. The weight of the full-grown pig hit me full-force right in the gut and I lost my breath and shot my head upwards.
“Joey, you know you don’t sleep on the bed for a reason!” I hollered angrily. The pig stared at me with a shocked look on his face, and quickly jumped off the bed back onto the ground.
	I sighed and laid back down on the pillow and thought about how much I had just lashed out at Joey. It made me feel even worse. Going back through my inventory, I pulled out some strings and a carrot. Then, I brought the strings together in my hands and turned four of them into another wool block.
	I rolled over to the side of the bed Joey was laying by and placed the wool block down by his head, causing him to open his eyes upon hearing the noise. He noticed the pillow I made for him and squealed in delight when I tossed the carrot on top of the pillow, which brought a smile to my face. I then rolled onto my back.
“Sorry about shouting like that, Joey.” I said. “I guess it was just the stress of the night. I shouldn’t have taken it out on you, buddy.”
	Joey stood on his hind legs with his front feet on my bed and gave me a delighted face with the carrot in his mouth, letting me know he accepted my apology. I gave him a nice pat on the head, and once he was finished with his carrot he let out a belch and huddled up to the soft wool block.
	I looked up at the ceiling and felt exhaustion take ahold of me. Within moments, I slipped into a slumber.









Chapter Two
The Lost Sister…

Alex’s POV
	With an exhausted yawn, I opened my eyes and sat up in my bed. I expected to find sunlight shining into my door’s notches, but instead noted that the sky looked more gloomy than usual, with many more clouds than usual. Perhaps it was going to rain soon.
	I got out of bed and stretched my arms, letting out a groan while I stretched. Then, I felt my stomach growl. I was very hungry, and after that mining expedition all day yesterday, I could really go for something cooked and tasty.
	I went outside from my tent to see my mule, Jack, tied to his fence post, braying loudly to the mooing cows in the distance. Then, he noticed me and brayed with excitement. I walked up to him and brought out an apple, which he brayed again for. I smiled and tossed Jack the apple, where he caught it midair in his mouth and munched down on it.
	While he was still enjoying his meal, I went around to the chest on his side and looked through it, taking out a nice cooked steak. My stomach rumbled once again, and I took a bite out of the steak, savoring the delicious flavor it was full of. Then, my stomach settled down, and I went back inside the tent.
	Bringing out my iron pickaxe, I mined and pocketed up my furnaces along with the ingots and leftover coal that had been stored inside them. Then, replacing my pickaxe with my stone axe, I broke my crafting table down and stored it away into my inventory. Next, I took down the two torches I used to light up my tent along with the door.
	Finally, I went outside and got to work, removing all the wool blocks that made up my temporary home and tucking them into my inventory to be used for another tent later on.
	It almost was as if there was never a shelter there just minutes ago. The only thing that gave it away was all the brown soil from where grass has deteriorated after being buried underneath blocks for over a day.
	Once I knew we were ready, I jumped up onto the saddle on Jack and gestured him forward. My mule called out and then began to tread on ahead. Now that the cave by our shelter had been cleaned of most of its ores and resources, there was no reason to stay any longer.

	It took us roughly half the day before we reached the border of the biome we were in. Stretched out beyond our plains biome was a snowy plains biome, and it looked like it also included a snowy mountain deeper into the landscape.
	I shuddered, and it wasn’t because we were nearing the cold zone. It was because I had remembered that much of my time since my home village was destroyed had been spent in snow-covered biomes. The last time I had been to a snow biome had been with… Steven…
	We went into the snowy plains biome, and I instantly felt the air temperature drop drastically, making my skin freeze. I began to shiver, and reached into my inventory, pulling out a leather tunic I had taken from a leather-clad zombie and putting on the leather coat. It helped keep much of my body heat in, which made me feel somewhat less cold. I wondered if this was the same biome I had lived in years ago. Jack brayed and then snorted.
“Yes, I know it’s very cold, Jack. But you’ll be fine. We just need to cross this biome into the next, whatever that may be.” I assured, looking forward. Up ahead, there appeared to be several frost-covered trees in the distance. It must’ve been a taiga forest. I knew it would be best not to enter that wooded area with my mount.

	We soon began to travel around the forest, trailing the borderline of the two biomes. I could see many animals frolicking in the snow. And then I saw the sheep.
	It burst out from the thick foliage and left the taiga forests in front of us, with several wolves hot on its feet. Their eyes were red with determination as they chased down their prey. It baaed in pain as one of them landed a hit on it, then tripped as it tried to jump over a one block ledge. Immediately, all the wolves were upon it, landing a couple more bites before the sheep disappeared into smoke, leaving behind some wool and raw mutton.
	I watched as one of the wolves picked up the raw mutton in its mouth, and then the wolves began to run back into the forest. I noticed one of the wolves turn and look at me curiously, regarding me with its primal eyes, before running back into the woods with the rest of its pack. I was instantly reminded of a good friend and winced at the memory.
	I felt a tear form at the corner of my eye, but forced myself to not cry. Not only was there no longer any point to weeping, but it would only cause my face to freeze even faster. We continued onward.

	The sun began to set, and I felt the air become even more cold. Then, the sky began to darken, but it wasn’t from the sunset. I realized that it was beginning to rain-no wait, it was beginning to snow! And then, the sky flashed as I heard thunder booming across the world. That could only mean one thing, this was going to turn into a vicious blizzard really quickly. Which meant I had to make a shelter with what little time I had left before it started to snow harder.
	I considered my options. I could make a tent, but then I would have to leave Jack out in the blizzard. And I wasn’t sure if he could last through one. We could turn back and go into the taiga biome. Sure, it would be very cold, but we’d at least have shelter against the pouring snow. Then, I realized that we’d also be surrounded by mobs as soon as nightfall began.
	I looked to the right of us and spotted a series of caves that were uncovered from the surface. Caves were good! While we did have to worry about mobs initially, I’d only have to clear them out and light the place up, then we’d have a good makeshift base for until the storm went away. I directed Jack toward the caves.
	Halfway to the tunnels, snow began to fall harder to the ground around us. I would’ve normally been in awe of the beautiful crystalline flakes, but I knew the severity of the situation we were in and urged my mule to go faster.
	Once we were upon one of the caves, I climbed off of Jack and jumped into the cavern, grunting as I landed from the fall. Turning to look up at Jack, I called on him.
“Jack! Come on, jump down!” He appeared to be nervous, his legs visibly shaking. He didn’t want to jump down, I could tell it. Jack looked to my right and let out a loud bray of alarm. I looked over.
	Suddenly, the last thing I saw was a swelling green creature to my side before an explosion rocketed the entire cavern, knocking the air out of my lungs as I flew back against the wall with a grunt.
	I quickly got back to my feet and crossed the new crater shortly and saw the snow was beginning to swirl around faster with the wind.
“Jack! Come down here! It’s fine, you won’t get hurt!” I shouted at him, trying to be heard over the steadily increasing winds. He brayed in protest, and I knew there was only one thing I could do to get him down here.
	I went through my inventory and pulled out a lead. Then, I swung it over to Jack. The rope instantly connected to his neck. Jack tried to pull against the lead, but I held on even harder.
	It took several long moments, but I was finally able to pull Jack down into the cavern with me. The snow swirled above with harsh eagerness, seemingly intent on freezing us, and I took out a couple dozen dirt blocks from my inventory. Quickly, I got to work, placing blocks down across the open ceiling and entrance to our side that led to even ground with the surface. The storm billowed, and I heard another strike of lightning-this time not that far from us.
	As soon as I placed the final block, I brought out an unlit torch and slid it across the rough stone, instantly igniting the torch and casting us in light. I placed the torch along with a few others down around us. After that, I sighed in relief and sat down on the stone floor. My mule was standing a few blocks by me, not wanting to go down into the part of the cavern that led deeper underground. I didn’t blame him. Although I couldn’t hear any mobs deeper down the tunnel, I was still unnerved by the prospect of what might be down there. I now had a new fear of what dwelt in the dark, ever since I encountered that unusual man in the underground a week ago…
	My paranoia won out and I placed down several more blocks to block off the rest of the tunnel. Then, beginning to feel tired, I placed more blocks in the crater we were within to make the ground more even. I went through Jack’s chest and pulled out my bed, then placed it on the ground. Jack butted my arm with his head and snorted.
“Sorry, bud. We’re out of apples. We’re going to have to stock up in either a forest or a ravaged village, if we find one.” I said. Jack gave me a sad look.
“Only one way we’re going to be able to get out of here now.” I sighed and jumped into the bed. “And that’s if we wait out the storm. Good night, bud.” I yawned and closed my eyes, slipping into subconsciousness.

	I was in some kind of ancient temple made entirely of cobblestone. There were vines growing everywhere across the walls. There were cobblestone stairs leading to an upper floor as well as leading to a lower floor. The lower stairs led directly into darkness. The upper stairs led into not-darkness. I made my decision on which stairs to choose immediately.
	As I was walking, the entire temple shook violently. I heard the moaning of zombies mixed with the rattles of skeletons and hissing of spiders all around me. Zombies appeared from behind me, slowly entering the temple entrance as skeletons and spiders revealed themselves at the upper floor, the skeletons readying arrows and walking down the stairs while the spiders climbed across the ceiling. I made a rash decision and immediately bolted for the stairway that led deeper into the dark part of the temple, hearing the cries of the monsters that were following in pursuit of me.
	I nearly slammed into a wall once the stairs ended. Even though it was incredibly dark, somehow, I knew that I was now in an intersection. My vision adjusted to the darkness, and I could see that there were a few levers on the dead-end to my right, but I had no time to mess around with them right now. I ran left and went around the corner.
	I reached another corner and turned to find something stunning-a bow hovering in the air, as if waiting for me. It was glowing purple, lighting up the surrounding area somewhat with a lavender shade.
	The bow looked a bit different from how bows normally look. It had spots of what appeared to be gold flecked across its curve. The golden specks were even more focused at the center. I cautiously approached the bow, captivated by how different it looked from a standard bow. Then, I heard the mobs closing in on me and I snatched the item from the air.
	Upon touching the mystical weapon, I was hit with knowledge of some kind regarding the bow itself. This was a special bow. It was created to keep the evil ones at bay and its arrows could pierce through the darkness itself.
	I went back around the corner and could see dozens of mobs spilling into the hall in front of me. The zombies moaned hungrily while the spiders crawled across the ceiling, hissing eagerly. Skeletons held on to the arachnids, bows in hand. I raised the bow and reached into my inventory, hoping I had some arrows.
	I pulled out one arrow and raised it to the bow. As I pulled the arrow back, some kind of energy began to flow from the bow into the arrowhead, changing it from an iron tip to a golden tip.
	Did the bow just turn the arrow into a… spectral arrow? How was that even possible? What kind of bow was this?
	I fired the spectral arrow into the horde of mobs, and the arrow immediately lit up the entire hallway. As it streaked forward, it defeated every mob in the hall-even ones it didn’t touch, causing their bodies to glow as they collapsed until they became vapor.
“Whoa…” I stammered as I looked at the bow once again in a newfound admiration. I learned a bit more about exactly what it was.
	It was called the Hope Bow when it was originally used. It was crafted by the most ancient people of Minecraftia, and was designed to hold back an ancient evil of some sort. And after almost a hundred years of sleeping, it was finally ready to play its part. But for what?
‘You are the chosen one, Alexandria…’ a loud voice resonated in my mind. I stumbled back and let go of the bow, but it continued to hover in the air like I hadn’t grabbed it in the first place.
“Wh-what!?” I stammered in stunned surprise. Did the bow just… talk?
‘You are the one destined to bring hope back to humanity during the upcoming war against the great evil…’ the voice continued. Before I could even say anything else, the entire world dimmed and vanished.












Chapter Three
The Vision…

Steve’s POV
	I dreamed I was standing before a hovering diamond sword in an underground chamber of some kind. The walls were made of stonebricks, many of them were cracked or covered in moss. Then, I realized that there were mobs all around me, more than I could count. I could only see zombies and spiders, but that didn’t comfort me in any way. They all seemed to be in a frozen state.
	Suddenly, everything unfroze. All the mobs began to surge forward. I quickly lunged for the sword and grabbed it. Seeing no escape, I let out an unusually courageous shout and swung the sword around me in a full circle.
	The room filled with smoke, and I realized it was the lingering essence of all the defeated monsters that had attacked me.
“Wow…” I muttered in awe as I looked at the blade’s gleaming surface. It glowed with a purple aura, and looking at it somehow gave me insight into what this sword was.
	In the distant past, it was called the Sword of Heroes. It had been crafted by mankind in the ancient past with one purpose-to hold back the darkness that had threatened to swallow Minecraftia so long ago. It was wielded by the Great Hero of Minecraftia himself when he destroyed the great evil. And after almost a hundred years of sleeping, it was finally ready to play its part.
‘Steven, you are the chosen one…’ a smooth voice echoed within the very depths of my mind. I immediately gasped in shock and lost grip of the weapon, but it continued to hover.
“First mobs, and now weapons!? What the heck is this!?” I stammered, eyes wide with disbelief.
‘You and I are destined to do great things for this world…’ the sword revealed, ‘However, before you can claim me, you must unlock the truth of your family…’
‘Steven, return home, back to your childhood village. The truth will then be made clear…’ I opened my mouth to say something, but the dream vision quickly rippled into darkness.

	I woke up and found myself buried by my soft but chubby pig’s belly. Momentarily startled, I pushed him off my face, where he landed on my waist with a surprised oink, then sat up and shook himself awake.
“Joey… you know I hate it when you smother me like that…” I sighed with annoyance. “You aren’t even supposed to be on the bed.” He just looked back at me with a look that said something like ‘oops.’
	I could tell it was noon. I probably should go look for Howard, so I got myself out of bed.
“Joey, come on.” He looked up at me curiously. “We need to check in with Howard and that Will guy.” I told him. Joey nodded in understanding and we exited the house.

	Outside, I could see people walking all around the village. Many of them carried tools as they headed off to whatever work they had to do. Iron golems walked across the grassy paths, though some played with village children. It was similar to how Howard’s village had been, but something seemed… different. These people didn’t seem to socialize nearly as much with each other. The adults barely even glanced at one another as they went to work on their own assignments. The village itself didn’t seem as welcoming as Howard’s had been.
	I tried to look for Howard or Will, but couldn’t find either. I did however spot Javier approaching a blacksmith’s forgery. Quickly, I made my way over towards him, Joey right behind me.
“Hey, Javier!” I called out to him and drew his attention.
“It’s you.” He replied. “I never got your name…”
“It’s Steve.” I informed him, “Steve Stonewall. Have you seen Howard and Will today?”
“Actually, they wanted me to send you to them when you were up.” He pointed out.
“Really? Where are they?” I asked. He turned and pointed to a large cobblestone building behind him.
“In the Strategic Base. It’s back there, the large building, you can’t miss it.” He informed.
“Okay, thanks.” I responded as he nodded and continued on his way to the forge.
“Let’s go, Joey.” I said and headed over to the building, wondering what they were planning.

	After a few moments of looking around, I found what I believed to be the base. It was a large building made mostly out of cobblestone. It appeared to have two floors, at least it looked that way from the outside. The second floor expanded beyond the first, and was larger. It looked like an observation room, and had glass all across the walls, though it appeared empty. I could see oak fences were used to support the corners of the second floor from the ground.
Once we went over to the door, I immediately noticed Howard standing at a big cobblestone table, with Will and two other people I didn’t recognize sitting in cobblestone chairs. I told Joey to stay quiet while we entered the building. As soon as I closed the doors, they all turned to look at me.
“Steve, it’s good that you’re here…” Howard said, “Maybe you can help me explain to these idiots how bad things really are!” Hearing this, I was shocked at how harsh he sounded. He was clearly really frustrated.
“Howard… you really need to be more respectful to my colleagues…” William muttered.
“Well, I don’t need to be lectured on how I failed my people by her!” he growled, giving the woman an angry glare.
“Howard, that wasn’t what I meant-” she said in a calm voice before Howard interrupted her again.
“Telling me that I made the wrong decisions with fortifying the village is the same as telling me that it was my fault!” he snapped, raising his voice. “And it wasn’t, I took all the necessary precautions-”
“Wait!” I hollered and went over to them. “What happened?” Howard turned towards me.
“Katlyn thinks I didn’t do enough to ensure the protection of the villagers!” he said angrily. “I set up a full cobblestone wall around the village and had the knights and iron golems aware and on guard for when they would infiltrate the walls.”
“Howard, she’s not blaming you at all.” William defended. “She just thinks that it doesn’t need to be top priority to arrange the meeting for the other village mayors. We just got a bit off-track.”
“Will, you were not there when the walls went down. You did not get to see all the mobs that the horseman had under his control. If you had, you would know just how much danger this village is in…” Howard argued.
“Howard, we don’t need to get the council involved.” The third person said. “Our village is very well supplied, and should the worst-case scenario occur, we have the underground village space.”
“That won’t work!” Howard shouted, then turned back to me. “Steve, back me up!”
“Oh, um…” Suddenly, I didn’t know what to say. Everyone was looking at me now. “well…” And then I knew what to say.
“He’s right. We were attacked by a skeletal commander like that one underground. He trapped me in the Nether!” The three leaders shared shocked expressions. “Not only that, I think that this horseman might have a connection to a horrible monster named Herobrine.”
“Wait-what do you mean Herobrine!?” William stammered. I nodded with a bleak expression on my face. I explained to them what had happened to Joey and me while we had been in the Nether.
	By the time I was finished, they all had faces of disbelief, including Howard.
“That’s why we’d need to bring this council together. If Witanos has some tie to the horseman that ruined Howard’s village, then perhaps they both are connected to Herobrine.” I proclaimed. Katlyn’s face changed to skepticism.
“Now look, just because the appearances of these two skeletons occurred very shortly after each other doesn’t exactly mean they are tied together. Herobrine never existed, he was only made up for priests and librarians to get easy emeralds for selling books about the myth.” At this, William shot his head in her direction.
“Are you kidding me, Katlyn!? Herobrine IS real. The stories of how violent and dangerous Herobrine was are way too realistic to the events of the past to be faked.” He argued loudly. I could see a wild look in his eyes. There wasn’t exactly fear in them, but more of an understanding at how serious things had just become.
“But William, how are we to even believe that Herobrine even exists? All we have is the word of this person that came from nowhere. Do you really want to bother the Council with something like that?” she questioned.
“If it’s true, we’re going to need all the preparations we can get.” He insisted.
“And if it’s not,” Nick butted in, “we just wasted months’ worth of materials for weapons and armor. And not to mention that the entire village would be angry.”
“At least let the Council know so that they can start an investigation!” Howard yelled. “If this is truly the work of that vile creature… we MUST know at once!”
“I agree with Howard.” William stated. “Mobs have only organized once in known history, and according to legend, it was Herobrine that managed to unite them.”
“You guys are being ridiculous. All this is some creepy rumor. The war wasn’t started by him, it was started by a split in the old kingdom that made mankind more vulnerable to itself. Herobrine is just a myth, he never existed and never will.” Katlyn scorned. I stared at her.
“He’s real, I saw him with my own two eyes.” Joey raised two legs onto the table and squealed in agreement. She looked back at me with a sarcastic look in her eyes.
“Sure you did.” She said dismissively. I was growing frustrated by her lack of comprehending the potential risk that we were in, but before I could speak Nick interrupted.
“Well, one thing’s for sure.” Nick stated. “Something is definitely going on with these skeletons. And I’d like to find out what it is.”
“Majority rules, Katlyn.” Howard said with a scowl. “The other mayors are going to be informed at once.”
“Now, wait a second. I never made a decision.” Nick pointed out. Howard stared at him.
“But you implied it.” He said.
“That doesn’t mean a thing, I never said it.” William glanced back at Nick.
“Nick, you know I would never want to bother the others unless it’s absolutely required.” He stated. “And this is very important. If everything Howard and Steve had said is true, and Herobrine IS out there planning and attacking, then we must take immediate action.” Nick took a moment to think about this.
“Well… I suppose you do have a point…” he decided.
“You two are such little kids! Herobrine is not real! He was just some monster tale conjured up by some selfish priests!” Katlyn growled.
“Kate, the decision is final. It’s two to one, and so we’re going to at least inform the other leaders.” William ordered.
“Fine…” she said, biting her bottom lip in frustration.
“So, that’s gonna conclude this discussion?” Howard questioned, a brow raised. William looked back at him.
“Yes.” He answered. A faint thought came to me.
“Hold on… I need to find my village.” I pointed out. I wasn’t sure why, but I felt the urge to go look for my home.
“Why’s that?” William questioned.
“I don’t know…” I responded as I rubbed my forehead, struggling to recall. It had something to do with my dream last night, but I had no clue what I had even dreamed about. It was as if the memory had intentionally been blocked from my mind. “I just have a feeling something is there that might be helpful.”
“Helpful, how?” Nick asked.
“I… don’t know. But I just know that I have to go.” I replied. “I can find my way, easily. I have a compass-” I muttered as I looked around within my inventory. But I couldn’t find it, and looked through it a second time. “What the… my compass is gone!” I gasped as I scrounged around my inventory a third time, but to no avail.
“Well, when you first arrived at our village,” Howard started, “we were concerned that you were with that griefer faction. So, the nurse removed anything that could’ve been used to find your way back to the griefers.” He admitted. “She took your compass under my orders, out of fear that it might’ve led back to a griefer camp.”
“Are you kidding me?” I groaned. “Where is it now?” He shrugged.
“It’s probably still back at the village.” Howard informed. I briefly considered looking for my village without the compass, but immediately decided against it. I really didn’t keep track of what direction we were from the other village.
“Then, I’m going to need to go back to the village and find it.” I decided.
“You’d need at least one other person to go with you.” Nick said. “Those are the rules. No one leaves this village alone. Last time that happened, we never saw them the next morning.” I looked at Howard. He sighed.
“I guess I’ll go back with you then.” He said.
“Okay, so when should we go?” I asked. “I think now would be a very good time, since it’s still the afternoon.”
“Yes, it’s a really good time to head out.” Howard agreed, glancing at William.
“Go on ahead. But first, be sure to stop at the local ranch. You have my permission to borrow two horses for your trip.” William said with a slight smile. “I just would like to know how long your journey should take before you come back here.” Howard looked at me.
“Um… at the soonest, I’d say three or four days.” I guessed.
“That’s good. It normally takes a week to set up a council meeting and bring everyone to one village, and we’re going to need you both in order to discuss what course of action we must take.” He informed.
“We’ll be back by then, I can assure you of that, Will.” Howard promised as we went to the door. Joey oinked by my feet, eager to leave.
“Just be on your guard. And don’t get trapped at night.” William hollered as we left the building.
“Where’s the ran-”
“This way.” Howard interrupted as he went left and headed down the path that led to a large fenced-in area with some animals in it, us following along behind him. “I’ve been here a lot of times. Follow me.” He said, providing no explanation into his history with the village.
	I noticed while we were approaching the ranch that it was much larger than I thought ranches typically were. Although my memories of living in my home town were very vague, I don’t remember our local ranch being very big, only being able to hold a few animals.
	I could see some of the villagers giving me strange looks. I returned some of them with an innocent grin. As much as I wanted to talk to some of them, daylight was still important, and we needed to leave before the sun started to set.
	As we came by the ranch, a young child burst out from the door, wearing blue overalls and a straw hat. He wasn’t wearing a shirt, and he was also barefoot. The boy was giggling to himself as he was being chased by a baby grey sheep, which baaed happily. The boy stopped once he saw he saw us coming.
“Is your father here?” Howard questioned the small child.
“Uh huh. Papa’s taking care of the horses out back.” The boy said in a young farmer’s accent.
“Alright, thank you.” He said to the boy. The child went back to running around, and the sheep proceeded to chase him again.
	We entered the house and I noticed that it looked different from the houses I had seen so far. The house had been made to be very wide, but not very long. To our side, there was a counter made from stone slabs by the far wall, and lining the wall in front of us were wooden seats and a table.
“It looks kind of like a shop…” I noted.
“Well, yeah. This place is the butcher shop.” Howard informed. “This is where cooked meats are produced for the villagers. A lot of farmers and butchers work closely so if there are too many animals in ranches, they’re sent to the butcher to be turned into food.” I could see Joey shuddering nervously by my side. He had a scared look in his eyes as he gazed around the building. I didn’t blame him. I remembered one time when I had been trapped underground and was badly injured from mobs. I had never been so paranoid of danger from all angles while I was slowly making my way out of the mine. I could only imagine that Joey was experiencing a similar kind of fear.
“From the looks of things, I’m guessing the butcher had to run an errand.” Howard suggested.
	We went through quickly and just as I was about to follow Howard out of the house a loud voice called out.
“Hey there, would you like for me to take care of this pig?” the loud and gruff voice questioned behind me. I turned back and saw a man in a stained apron grabbing ahold of the back of Joey’s neck with one hand. He held an iron axe with the other hand. “A big one like this would yield one or two good and juicy porkchops for sure.” He noted. Joey kicked and squealed with terror to get out of the butcher’s grip.
“NO!!” I hollered, stopping in front of him with my fists raised. “That’s my pig, don’t hurt him!”
“Alright, alright. Settle down, kid.” The butcher reasoned, letting go of my pig. Joey sprinted over behind my feet and stayed there, peeking out to watch the butcher fearfully.
“Thank you.” I said with a sigh of relief.
“There’s no need to threaten me, kid. I’m just trying to make a living here.” He grunted. Howard poked his head back into the shop.
“Steve, you coming-oh…” he said as he noticed the butcher with the axe in his hand and put two-and-two together.
“Yeah, we’re fine.” I assured, and we went out, leaving the butcher shop.

	Outside the shop, I could see the large ranch, which spanned several dozen blocks and was all surrounded by fences. There were all kinds of animals on the field, from sheep eating the grass, horses running after each other, and cows just frolicking, to name a few. There was also a small lake with some sugarcane around it, and some chickens were in it, flapping their wings repeatedly as they tried to swim out.
	In the middle of the field, a man was knelt down, patting a baby pig on its back. Howard was already talking with him. I could tell Joey wanted to join in on a nearby gathering of pigs and looked at him.
“Go on, Joey. Just be ready when we leave.” I told him. Joey gave me an oink and a happy look as he made his way to the rest of the pigs, which were watching curiously as the newcomer came over to them. I then went to the two.
“-so would you be willing to let us borrow a couple of your horses?” Howard request. “We’ll be back with them in less than a week.”
“Eh, sure. An’ you can keep ‘em. Better then sendin’ em’ to my brother to be turned to leather.” The farmer said, gesturing to the butcher shop.
“Even better. Thank you.” Howard said. Then, he turned to me. “Well, let’s pick out the horses.” He then went to a group of three horses to check them out.
	I looked around the ranch to see every horse. There were about seven in total, not including the baby ones. Only one of them was actually staring at me, which caught my attention. It was a light brown stallion the color of oak wood, with a slightly darker mane. There were white splotches across parts of its body as well, as if someone had made a mess with bone meal dye, though it looked natural. The horse was beautiful, and I knew I wanted it immediately.
“That one!” I exclaimed, pointing over at it.
“Kiddo, I’m not sure you wanna tame that one.” The farmer said to me. I turned to face him.
“Why not?” I asked.
“’Cause that’s one of my most stubborn ones, that’s why.” He explained. “She’s given me so many hard times trying to move her around. A kid like you ain’t gonna make her do squat.” I wondered to myself why so many people insisted on calling me a kid. I was clearly an adult, and it was starting to really annoy me. But I knew that I really wanted that horse, no matter what.
“What if I can tame her? Can I keep the horse?” I asked.
“Of course. Good luck though, I’d hate to see ya get trampled.” He said as he gave me a saddle. I grabbed it and went over to the horse, which was eyeing me down while she towered over me.
“Uhh… hey.” I said gently to the horse. She continued to stare me down. “You want to join me on a journey?” I asked the horse. No response, which was definitely better than the horse somehow being able to talk, considering that I learned skeletons were able to talk less than a week ago.
	I figured I should just go for it and jumped up onto the horse’s back. She immediately bucked and kicked, whinnying in protest. I held on, and spoke gently to her, or as gently as I could manage while violently being shaken up and down over and over. Then, I got thrown off and landed on the ground with a grunt as the horse jogged away from me. I heard the farmer chuckle to himself. I scowled and followed the horse, only for her to see me and move further away.
	This time, I stayed behind the horse, so she couldn’t see me very easily and crept up slowly, moving around in the thick grass as much as I could.
	Once I was close enough, I lunged back onto the horse, causing her to go instantly back to rampaging. I managed to stay on her for what felt like a long time before she bucked me off again. I landed on the ground again with a groan. When I got back up, I could see Howard was going through the same thing, his own horse thrashing around while he tried to tame it.
“If you two are gonna tame horses,” the farmer hollered, “ya gotta give ‘em something. Otherwise, they’re gonna fight ya tooth ‘n limb before they’ll accept ya.” Hearing him say that, I went through my inventory, trying to find something that might help. Unfortunately, all I had were a couple dozen raw steaks and an apple, a sword, an axe, my pickaxe, some torches, and several dirt and cobblestone blocks. Then, I looked around the ranch and found the lake with sugarcane around it. I knew horses really liked sugar, so I decided to try my luck with it.
	I hurried over to the sugarcane and picked off several stalks when I got there, then turned them into five sugar. Howard came over to get some sugarcane as I went back over to the horse, showing it the sugar in my hands. The horse was staring at me with daring eyes, but didn’t move away as I came over to her.
“That’s it. Easy girl…” I said in a calm voice as I gave her one sugar to eat while I climbed onto the horse’s back. She grunted, but didn’t buck at all, and I slowly equipped the saddle onto the horse.
	I heard the farmer give an impressed whistle as he walked up to us.
“I mean, I still expected it to take longer than that.” He complimented. “Young man, ya chose a horse that I couldn’t even control. How you managed to, I dunno. She only accepts food from people she deems worthy of her attention.”
“If you were certain I couldn’t tame her, why’d you give me that suggestion to get sugar?” I asked him, a scowl on my face.
“I wanted to see you fail a few more times.” He said with a grin.
“Well,” Howard said as he rode over to us on his new horse, “what do you think?” I checked out his horse. It was a black stallion with a mane that blended in with the rest of its body. On its head was a white spot.
“Nice horse.” I praised with a smile. He nodded, his face beaming with pride.
“Thanks, yours looks great too.” He commented. I looked at my new horse, who gazed back at me. I noticed not a look of loyalty in her eye, but merely one of tolerance. I knew right away that even though I had tamed the horse, she wasn’t completely sold on the matter. I could tell there were going to be some problems in the future.
	Howard looked up at the sun, which was beginning to head westward. “Well, we should probably be heading out now.” I nodded in agreement.
“But first,” I looked over towards the pig herd, trying to figure out which one was Joey, “Joey!” He walked away from the group, giving each pig a parting glance before walking up to us.
“Joey, meet our newest companion.” I proclaimed happily. My pig went to the front of the horse and squealed with a warm smile, but the horse just snorted dismissively and looked forward, which seemed to take Joey by surprise.
	I lowered my arm down for him to put his hoof on and with a grunt lifted him up onto our horse. Joey snorted a somewhat saddened snort.
“It’s okay, Joey, she’ll just have to get used to us.” I told him, trying to cheer him up. He gave me an upbeat grin. I looked over at Howard, who had been watching the whole thing.
“Well, shall we get going?” he asked. I nodded.
“Yes, let’s go…”
“That way.” Howard pointed over to the west. “It’s where we came from.”
“Err… right!” I said, pointing west. “Onwards!” I commanded the horse, but she didn’t move. “Um… Onwards, that way!” I said, trying to steer the horse, but she refused to budge.
“Um, Steve, your horse doesn’t seem to be listening to you…” Howard said.
“I know…” I sighed and jumped off, then tried to push her to face west, but she let out a whinny of protest, standing on her hind legs and knocking Joey off her back.
“Hey! Come on!” I hollered. The farmer hurried over to calm the horse down.
“Hey there, settle down! You’re agitatin’ the other horses!” he shouted, pulling out an apple and giving it to her. The horse stopped her protest as she ate the apple, enjoying its taste with a shudder of energy. He looked back at me.
“Seems to me like ya need to keep her satisfied so she don’t go kickin’ an’ hollerin’.” He noted, reaching into his inventory and pulling out some more apples. “Here, keep ‘em. She likes sugar, but they make her more energetic and easily set off. But if she’s up to it, she’ll also move faster when you give her some sugar. Apples will calm her down.” I accepted the apples and nodded in understanding. I now had ten apples.
“Okay, thank you.” I said as I stuffed the food into my inventory.
“One last thing, it may take a while before she gets used to you. That horse respects people that demonstrate leadership. That’s why she loves William and is friendly with Howard. Until ya become like that, she’ll keep pushing ya.”
“Okay…” I said, mentally groaning. I had no idea how I was ever going to be like that. It was just a week ago when Joey and I had been on our own, trying to survive in the Overworld, completely unaware of how much civilization really existed.
“We need to head out now.” Howard informed, pointing at the sun, which was now descending closer to the horizon.
“Right.” I said. Joey hurried into my arms and I lifted him onto the horse’s back. I jumped on and directed my horse. She listened this time and turned to face the right way.
“Let’s go!” Howard commanded, and our horses sprinted towards the fence gate, then managed to jump over it, taking us past the building where we had had the meeting this morning and then beyond the village border. I heard the farmer shout farewell as we were moving.
	We were heading back to Howard’s village, and hopefully we would make it there tomorrow with these fast horses.








Chapter Four
The Horsemen’s Conquest…

Skellian’s POV
	We marched through the forest as the blazing sun burned. It stung a little, but us horsemen had been created to be immune to the burning rays of the light. Fortunately, it would be night soon, and then we would be welcomed by all the inhabitants of the night that would either join us or be reduced to smoke. Unfortunately, in the meantime, we had to keep all the skeletons and zombies within our ranks equipped with chainmail, gold, and leather helmets so they wouldn’t catch fire in the sunlight. Even more unfortunate was that many of the zombies had already succumbed to the sun due to their low intelligence and inability to speak and request more helmets when theirs broke.
“How much farther is the stronghold?” Witanos clattered with impatience.
“It is a few more days.” I reminded him. A moment passed us by as we did not say a word. I could not hear a single pig or sheep, or any other animal in this forest. Only the sounds of our troops marching behind us was audible.
 “I did not expect for us to be making this little progress. Our vanguard has been very… unorganized thus far.” I admitted.
“You were supposed to make sure we made it to the stronghold today.” Witanos rattled, frustrated. “It appears that we will fail to meet that deadline.”
“I will punish the skeleton I put in charge of organizing the forces.” I clattered, looking back at our forces in search for him, but the skeleton wasn’t in sight. The only skeleton of high rank I could see was Skelross, my second-in-command. Suddenly, Witanos stopped his steed.
“Stop advancing, there is something here.” He revealed. I immediately slowed my own steed.
“HALT!!!” I ordered all the troops behind us, and every mob went quiet. We were all listening for noises. And then I heard it-the sound of scuttling feet.
	Three spiders appeared in front of us, clicking and hissing.
‘Huuumansss…’ the lead spider hissed to us in its native language. ‘Huuuman village beyond the woodsss…’
“And where is this village?” I questioned the spider. It hissed and pointed deeper into the woods with one of its legs. Witanos and I glanced at each other.
“If there truly is a village that stands in our way, then we must see to it that it is destroyed.” I rattled. He nodded in agreement.
“It would be best to attack at night.” He pointed out.
“Yes, and while it is day, let us search for the village and formulate a plan.” I said. Witanos nodded again and turned back to our vanguard, reciting our plans to all of them.
	We were to split apart. I would take half of our forces, while Witanos gained the other half. Once we found the village, we would let the other know before attacking.

	I was moving ahead from the troops. Moving together would allow any nearby humans to be alerted to the sounds of the mobs, so I kept a distance, but stayed in their eyesight. My horse was now by my side, having a break from carrying me. I had very little care for these troops, as Kor was all that truly mattered to me, aside from fulfilling my lord’s wishes.
	All of a sudden, I heard the shriek of a pig from several blocks to the right. Quickly and soundlessly, I hid behind the tree that was right beside me, giving my second-in-command the signal to stop and silence everyone, to which he quickly did. I silently ordered Kor into a nearby surface ave. I listened for any other sounds. After a moment, I began to hear the panting of a wolf, along with the footsteps of a bipedal creature. Wolves… there wasn’t much the four of us horsemen were afraid of, but wolves were among the only exceptions to that.
“Alright, that makes twenty porkchops.” Said the voice of a human, male, by the sound of it. He appeared oblivious to the many mobs, which must’ve meant that there were too many trees between them. That was good. “Great work, Buddy.” His wolf companion barked happily. “Now then, let’s head on back.” The wolf then began to growl.
“Buddy, you sense a skeleton nearby? Go get ‘em! We could use some more arrows.” He said. Hearing this, I silently drew my sword, listening for the wolf to approach.
	Suddenly, I felt the furry monster bite down onto my leg. I let out a rattle of pain. The little beast had been surprisingly quiet with its movements. It snarled as it pulled back, trying to damage me further, but I brought down my diamond blade onto the vicious canine. It cried out in pain, but held on, and I went for the finishing blow, slamming the sword down at it again. The wolf let out a final whimper of pain before vanishing into smoke.
“BUDDY!!!” the man cried. I could hear the anger in his voice. “How dare you, foul creature, I’ll kill you!” I felt a slight grin form across my bony face and stepped out from behind the tree to face him. The man appeared to be a hunter for the village. He wore full leather armor and held a bow in one hand, an axe in the other.
	The anger in his face disappeared once he saw how tall I was compared to himself. Then, fear appear in its absence.
“What… the… Notch…” he stammered as he took a step back.
“How about we play a game?” I clattered. “You have ten seconds to run…” He stayed there, frozen in fear.
“Ten…” He still stayed, his feet stuck to the ground.
“Nine…” The human finally snapped out of it and turned and ran, kicking up particles of dirt as he sprinted.
“Eight… Seven…” He was crying out in fear as he fled.
“Six… Five…” The human ran past several trees, and I began to lose sight of him.
“Of course, I don’t always play fair…” I grinned and called Kor to me, then mounted my steed, then ordered him after the human.
	Within seconds, we were approaching the human. I lowered my sword to the side of the horse as we caught up to him. My weapon hit him in the back and knocked him forward onto the ground with a flash of red. I then stopped the horse and dismounted, and headed towards him. As expected, his weak leather armor did not do much to protect him, and he groaned with pain as he got to his feet. His eyes were filled with fear.
	The human put away his axe and raised an arrow to his bow, aiming it at me. He fired the arrow, but I easily deflected the projectile with the flat of my sword.
“So weak, so pitiful…” I clattered tauntingly as I approached. He shot a second arrow, but I stopped it in its tracks with my hand and held it. Then, with a swift movement, I went down and embedded the sharp projectile into his leg. He cried out with pain, clutching the leg wound. The human stepped back, but misstepped and fell onto his back. The man, now brought down to the ground and helpless, began to plead for mercy.
“Please, don’t do this…” he begged, tears beginning to stream down his face.
“You really thought you could fight off one of the four horsemen of the apocalypse? It’s hopeless.” I rattled as I towered over him, blade in my hand. I considered impaling him with my sword, but decided that would be too brutal for me. Only Witanos would do something so barbaric to a beaten creature. Instead, I grabbed him by the chest and lifted him up into the air, staring into his life-filled eyes. And then, I threw him against the tree with enough force to end him, transforming his body into smoke that vanished into the air. The ground was now covered in what was his inventory, though I took nothing. Instead, I made my way back to our troops, with Kor close behind.
	Before we made it back, I saw an arrow flying through the air in the distance. Then, a second followed. A third then came after that. Witanos had found the village. Three arrows were the signal of that. And so, I mounted my steed and pointed my diamond weapon in the direction of the arrows.
“We go there, now!” I ordered Skelross. He nodded in understanding and announced the order for all to hear. Then, we made our way.
	It wasn’t long before we rendezvoused with Witanos and his troops.

	We were to wait until the moon had risen from the horizon. Witanos and I had taken the two halves of our mob forces and surrounded the village. Our troops were well-hidden within the forest that surrounded the town, with the two of us standing at the front of our respective groups.
	This village had been built in a terrible place. The land rose up all around the town in nearly every angle, forming a massive crater. Yes, it would’ve made mob attacks less frequent and therefore not have required their mayor to have to pay a woodworker to surround the village with fences, but if there was an organized attack, such as the one we were about to bring upon them with enemies pouring in from all sides, they would not stand a chance.
	I watched as the last of the local villagers entered their wood and cobblestone sanctuaries, getting ready to go to sleep. The night guards patrolled the streets, on watch for any mob that tried to enter their humble village. Alongside them were the local iron golems, their metallic footsteps loud enough for me to hear even from where I was located.
	I noticed several zombies from both my side and Witanos’s charging into the village, disobeying our orders to stay together. That didn’t surprise me much. Zombies were idiots. They often ignored orders, and it almost always led to their deaths. No amount of punishment or reward would change their ways.
	The zombies couldn’t even make it to any of the houses before the local knights spotted them and alerted nearby golems to their positions. They were pulverized almost instantly. Then, the moon finally came out as the sun disappeared.
	I looked over at Witanos on the wall on the opposite side of the town. Bringing out a torch, I ignited it and held it up, away from the edge so the knights wouldn’t be able to see its light. He raised his own torch in return. Then at once, we commanded our troops: “MOBS, ATTACK!!!”
	Instantly, waves of mobs poured down over the cliffs, flooding down into the village. Creepers were followed by zombies and skeletons, which were then followed by spiders and the occasional spider jockey. Many mobs took damage from falling down the steep cliffs, but there were too many of them for this factor to play too much into our raid.
	The humans began to notice our mobs once we had made the order, and had raised their bows in response, but I knew they were quivering in their iron armor with fear. As soon as mobs began to enter the village, some of the knights retreated towards the church, no doubt intending to climb to the top to use it as an archery tower, while others stayed and switched their bows for iron swords.
	I readied my steed and descended, taking a slightly safer route down the walls to avoid taking unnecessary damage. Then, I raised my diamond blade and charged my horse into the town under siege.
	I rode over to the nearest iron golem, ready to demonstrate my power. The iron golem threw a zombie far back, and then turned to face me. As much as I wanted to dismount and face it head-on, I made sure to keep my pride in check. I rode by the golem and struck it with my diamond blade, the blade rebounding as it flashed red as if I had struck an iron block(to which I technically had done).
	The iron golem swung its heavy fists at my skeletal horse, but Kor quickly jumped away from the attack. My horse rushed back at the iron automaton and I struck it again. The golem grabbed a nearby zombie and attempted to slam it against me, but we narrowly avoided it. I turned my horse back around and galloped straight towards the iron golem. Then, I had Kor jump over the golem. I dismounted and dealt a final strike from above onto the golem. It collapsed to the ground and burst into smoke, leaving a couple ingots of iron and a poppy behind. I remounted Kor and we continued further into the village.
	Whenever we passed a knight, I slashed my diamond blade against them, which would either knock them down or turn them into smoke. The knights and golems fell one by one to our forces. Screams of pain and terror rang out throughout the town as creepers blew up against the walls of houses, blasting them open for mobs to infiltrate and attack the occupants.
	I spotted Witanos in the distance, taking on two iron golems at once. Typical arrogant Witanos. He appeared to be having difficulty keeping them at bay, so I immediately guided my skeletal steed straight for them.
	Once we were close enough, I had Kor lunge into the air and take down one of the golems, our combined weight enough to tackle the automaton down to the ground. I dealt a slash down onto the fallen golem and quickly moved my horse off it before the golem could grab Kor. The iron golem rose back to its feet and turned to face me. It brought its shoulder forward, and charged at us with fast speed, the ground shuddering with each metallic step. My horse let out a low-pitched whinny and jumped to the side just in time.
	As the golem sped past, I grabbed onto its arm, letting it take me off my steed. The golem stopped its charge and attempted to maintain a grip on me, but I swiftly wrapped my thin arms around the front of its neck and kicked upwards, using the momentum to send my body over the golem’s torso. Once I was above the automaton, I let my body fall in front of it and slammed both my feet against the golem in the chest with such force that it was knocked back to the ground once again. I then swung my blade down at its head, which rebounded with a clang as the golem flashed red. I raised my blade once more and brought it down onto the automaton, causing it to let loose a final groan as it vaporized into smoke.
	Looking over at Witanos, I could see that he had dealt with the second golem, as there were ingots of iron by his horse’s hooves. I knew he was good in combat, but I was certain I would have been able to defeat my golem before him.
	I heard my horse let out a pained grunt. He then stood up on his hind legs. I felt an arrow strike against my body from above and flashed red, though, as a horseman of the apocalypse, I was immune to the feeling of pain. Looking up, I saw the rest of the knights standing on top of the village church, firing arrows at our mobs and at me. I shouted over to Witanos, drawing his attention, and pointed up at the archers.
“SKELETONS, FIRE AT THE ARCHERS ON THE CHURCH!!!” Witanos roared over all the combat. Most of the skeletons immediately fled from the fight to safer positions and raised their bows at the church tower, nocking their arrows in unison.
	As soon as the archers saw all the bows aimed straight at them, they all began to scramble in a panic to climb back down into the church.
	Then, each skeleton fired at once, the arrows rising up into the heavens magnificently, and then falling down upon the fearful knights. Some of them were knocked off the church, where they fell to the ground and vanished into smoke, though some of them vaporized before they could even make it to the ground. I could see faint wisps of smoke moving away from the top of the church as well. The archers now dealt with, I turned to look around the decimated town.
	There was no longer anymore fighting, as all the knights, golems, and most of the townsfolk were dead. I could see a few of the remaining villagers in the distance, fleeing from the devastation. Not that that mattered, they would fall victim to the night regardless.
	I guided my horse to move next to Witanos’s. Our horses regarded each other in a familiar and friendly manner.
“That was an excellent raid.” I commented. He looked back at me and nodded in agreement.
“They had never stood a chance.” He replied.
	I noticed two skeletons pushing a struggling man over to us. He wore a light brown uniform and a dark hat.
“We found this man hiding under the ground.” The first skeleton clattered in its native tongue. “We had creepers blast through what had appeared to be a hastily blocked-up area. We suspect he may be the leader of this village as he had several warriors guarding his chamber.”
“Excellent work, skeletons.” Witanos praised. I dismounted from my horse and went over to the man, taking him from the two.
“Why are you doing this to us!? We’ve never done anything to justify all this!” the man stammered.
“You are humans. Humanity is the scourge of the world that we will soon own.” I declared to him.
“Your ancestors betrayed our lord. Used him and then had him executed because they felt he was a threat.” Witanos agreed, glaring at the human balefully.
“Lord Herobrine will conquer all. He has predicted that all of mankind will meet its end in less than one month.” I clattered. It was at this point that the mayor seemed to realize that he was not going to live past tonight no matter what happened, as he became aggressive with his words.
“You won’t win! I’m in the Council of Leaders. We have a meeting in less than a week and when I don’t show up, they’re going to know the truth!” he shouted angrily. “You can’t stop all of us! We’re going to end you!”
“What good is your petty alliance going to do with the enderdragon razing all your towns?” Witanos smirked. He instantly went stiff.
“No… no, you can’t-”
“It is already too late.” Witanos interrupted. “Our lord is in the End. Your town just so happened to be between us and the stronghold. Once we dispose of you, we will continue on our way to that very stronghold.”
“You won’t win!” the human repeated. “You will burn in the Nether!” Witanos rattled with laughter at hearing this remark.
“Petty human, I was created in the Nether.” He sneered. I looked for the moon. It was just past midnight.
“We have wasted enough time.” I clattered, then grabbed the human leader’s chest with both hands and lifted him.
“State your final words…” I offered him out of pity.
“Th-the New Hero will defeat you, you evil monsters…” he spat, “If the legends are true, you can’t win! It happened like this in the past… He will come and save us all!” I scowled and, while still holding him up, drove my blade into his lower torso. He cried out in pain and flashed bright red, then went limp and turned into smoke. His inventory’s contents scattered across the ground.
Chapter Five
A Happy Reunion…

Steve’s POV
“I see the village.” I told Howard. He seemed to become more depressed upon hearing my words. I could tell that part of him never wanted to come back here, and after what had happened, I didn’t blame him. I hadn’t realized how insensitive I was yesterday when I requested for him to come with me. When I had realized it, we had already been in a shelter overnight. As we neared the ruins, Howard spoke up.
“You know, Steve, it’s really quite ironic how things turned out…” he said quietly. “I mean, back when the village was alive, I was sure that you were tied with that petty faction. Well, you weren’t, but the village still was destroyed…”
“I thought you told me you didn’t think I was with the griefers…” I recalled.
“I told you that so you wouldn’t think I was onto you.” He admitted. “That’s how you trick people into opening up to you, by making think that you’re on their side.” A moment had passed in silence before he realized the way he said that.
“I mean, I’m not still like that. We’re officially on the same side.” He promised.
“Yeah… I know…” I muttered as I took in the amount of damage the village had sustained.
	It was as if TNT had rained from the sky directly over the village. Houses were filled with holes. I could see how Howard had walls set up around the place, but most of them were destroyed. And this time, I even noticed pillars that popped up from the ground made from dirt, cobblestone, wood, stairs, fences, and many other kinds of blocks, which made me suspect that people must have been so desperate that they collected blocks from the surrounding areas and tried to build upward as fast as they could to get away from the chaos that had unfolded. But none of the pillars had been very tall, which would mean either skeletons had shot them off or spiders-I decided to stop thinking about it before I got too depressed. This entire place was too dark for me to stay.
“Let’s just get my stuff and leave.” I muttered. Howard nodded in agreement.
“Agreed.”

	We arrived at the crumbling remains of the town. I couldn’t even tell which one I had been treated in when I first arrived. But Howard seemed to know exactly where my stuff was, as he pointed to a small hut.
“Your stuff should still be in that house. There’s a chest in there. Just go through it.” He said glumly. I nodded in understanding and tried to steer my horse, but she refused. I mentally shouted. All day yesterday and throughout this morning she had been so disobedient, even Howard was getting annoyed from it. I gave in and jumped off her, leaving my sleeping pig on her back and walking the distance.
	I went inside the hut without having to open a door, since it had probably been broken by zombies when the village went down. Inside was a chest, just like Howard had said. I opened up the chest and looked inside for my belongings. But the chest was completely empty.
“Um… what?” I murmured to myself, confused. I looked around the chest, trying to see if maybe they had been scattered across the ground, but there was nothing. “What the heck?” And then I heard shouting outside.
	I drew my sword and ran out of the hut. Howard was staring at something I couldn’t see.
“WHO ARE YOU!?” he bellowed as he brought out a bow and turned his horse around. Joey was awoken by his shouting and immediately jumped off our horse, seeing me and sprinting towards me.
“Howard, what’s happening-”
“I SAW YOU!!! DON’T TRY TO HIDE FROM ME!!!” he boomed, nocking an arrow. And then I saw a person emerge from a ruined house.
“I don’t want any trouble!” they shouted back in a female voice. I realized she had a nocked bow aimed directly at Howard.
“Wait, Howard, that could be a survivor!” I pointed out, but he shook his head, keeping his eyes on the woman.
“It’s no one I recognize, Steve.” He replied sternly.
“But we don’t have to be aggressive!” I argued.
“Steve, I’ve encountered lone people before. You think they want to stay with you and help you, but the moment your back is turned, many of them will put a sword in it.” He warned. “And she could be with the griefers…”
I tried to get a clear look at the woman. She appeared to have a light-green shirt, because it was hard to see in contrast to the grass around her. I could also see what might’ve been brown pants, though it was also difficult to see because they blended in with the dirt. I also noticed she seemed to have orange hair. And then, I locked up.
“Wait a second…” I told him. I began to walk forward. Joey didn’t follow me.
“Steve, I told you, she’s dangerous.” Howard said as I passed him.
“I just need to see…” I trailed off, in a daze as memories began to flash before my eyes. There was no way it could be her… I remembered when I had been too weak to save her from that enderman. I was certain she had been killed… but was it possible that she had somehow survived? The woman aimed her bow at me.
“Hey! Don’t come any closer!” she hollered. I stopped and held my hands up.
“That’s what I’m saying!” Howard shouted angrily in response.
“Is… is that you… Alex?” I called out to the woman. She lowered her bow slightly.
“No… no, it can’t be…” she said quietly, “Steven?” My heart skipped a beat. I was completely overtaken by shock and had no idea how to react.
“Alex!” I shouted. She lowered her bow completely and ran to me. I did the same.
	We met in an embrace as our arms wrapped around each other. It really was her! I couldn’t even comprehend how shocked and how happy I was to see her. All these years, I had blamed myself for her death, but to find out that she was alive had been beyond anything I thought would ever happen.
“Alex… I thought you were dead…” I muttered as tears began to trickle down my face.
“Steven… I didn’t think I’d ever see you again…” she replied, tears trickling down her own. I heard a squeal from somewhere behind us. We let go and I turned to see Joey charging full speed towards Alex. She saw him and braced herself, but was still taken down to the ground by him as he rubbed her face. Alex laughed joyfully.
“Wow, you’ve become a lot bigger and heavier since we were together!” she chuckled. Joey looked at her with a look of pure excitement. “I’m surprised you still remember me, Joey.” She added on.
“He never forgot about you, Alex.” I assured her, beaming happily. Howard rode up to us, his bow not put away, but at his side.
“I’m very confused at what is happening here.” He said, his voice still filled with caution.
“Alex is my sister!” I told him. His expression changed from confusion to shock.
“Wait-so she’s your sister? The one you thought was dead?” he stammered.
“Yeah!” I clarified.
“Well, I’ll be…” he muttered to himself. “Erm… sorry about that whole thing back there…” he said to my sister as he put his weapon away with a weak grin. She got back up and brushed herself off.
“It’s fine…” she sighed with annoyance. A moment of awkward silence went by. Howard looked over at the sun.
“Well, it’s starting to get late. We should probably go somewhere and make a shelter.” He pointed out. I looked over at the sun, which was beginning to set.
	How had time passed so quickly? It felt like morning had only been a short while ago. I supposed that the excitement of being reunited with my sister must’ve made it seem a lot shorter.
“Yeah, that sounds like a good idea.” I agreed. I realized that we had two horses, which meant one of us would need to share with Alex. I could tell that she and Howard didn’t seem to be on the best terms at the moment, so I decided it would be better if Joey went with Howard while she and I shared my horse.
“So, I guess we can both ride on my horse.” I said to Alex.
“Actually, I’ve got my own ride.” She revealed. Then, in a loud voice she hollered: “Jack!”
	I noticed a mule with a saddle equipped appear from behind one of the buildings. The mule trudged over to her and nuzzled her hand. She smiled and brought out an apple for the mule to munch on. He brayed in content.
	Having seen my sister feeding her mule, my own horse came over, suddenly interested in the newcomer.
“Oh, when I feed you apples, you still hate me, but when my sister is feeding her mule one, you’re suddenly very friendly!” I whined in protest. Alex chuckled and Howard cracked a grin, but I was still annoyed.
	I brought out one of my own apples and gave it to the horse, who consumed it with gusto, though the look in her eyes once again reminded me we still weren’t friends. I realized I still hadn’t given her a name yet, which was pretty alarming since Alex had a name for her mule, and Howard had given a name to his horse yesterday. I decided I was going to come up with one tonight.
	Seeing the horse was now willing to cooperate, I lifted Joey onto her, and then jumped on myself.
	Alex jumped up onto her mule and the three of us left the village.

Later that night…

	I sat back in our large dirt hut, leaning against the wall. It was fairly big for three people and a pig, but if we had chosen to bring our horses and mule in, it would’ve been way too small. I had heard thunder overhead, but wasn’t hearing any rain, which was rare.
	We had taken this moment of freedom to eat until we were nice and full. I didn’t have any more carrots, but for some reason Alex had some anyways, so she tossed one to Joey, who grunted happily as he bit down on the delicious treat. As I ate away at a meaty steak, I asked her questions.
“Whatever happened all those years ago, Alex? Where did that enderman take you?” I questioned before taking a bite. She continued munching on her bread for a moment before answering.
“Well, it took me somewhere deep underground. I remember waking up and being surrounded by darkness, only being able to see the light from a lava pool nearby.” She responded, thinking back on the memory. “I don’t remember what happened to the enderman, but I managed to get out of the cave and to the surface before I got into too much trouble.”
“But what about your wolf, Chief?” I remembered. Her posture immediately stiffened as if recalling a bad memory, which gave me enough of an answer. “Oh… Look, I’m sorry.” I quickly apologized. I was saddened when I realized the reality.
“No, no… it’s alright.” She assured solemnly, “Well, I guess all I can say is that he saved my life… many times…”
“I used to have a wolf.” Howard spoke up. I had almost forgotten he was with us. “Max, he was a good companion. Very loyal to the end…” Silence followed for a moment before he spoke up again. “He saved me by pushing me away from a creeper while I was trapped outside the village. I was just a stupid child back then, trying to be more independent.”
“It’s an evil world…” Alex muttered to herself. Silence followed once again for a few moments before she continued.
“So, what’s his backstory?” she asked me, pointing to Howard.
“Well, that village we were in was originally his.” I responded. “He was the leader of the town, but just a few days ago it fell in a raid.”
“Wait, your village survived all this time?” she questioned him. Howard nodded.
“That night when many villages were destroyed ten or so years ago, we call that the Mob Revolution. Tons of towns were ruined, but there were many towns that pulled through as well. That village was one of them, back when my own dad ran it.” He explained.
“But that doesn’t make a lot of sense. I mean, we spent years looking across the world for villages and we could only find the remains of devastated ones.” Alex scowled. Howard nodded in understanding.
“I don’t know how many towns there were prior to the Mob Revolution, but I’d say at least eighty percent of them didn’t make it through that night.”
“So, why’d you come back then? There wasn’t even much to scavenge anyways.” She said.
“Well, we needed to get my compass and arm-” I said. That was when I remembered. We shouldn’t have left the village ruins, we needed to have stayed behind and look for my stuff. “Crap! We forgot to get those things!” I stammered, facepalming myself in disappointment. Howard gave me a look of shock.
“Wait, you said you needed a compass and, armor you meant, right?” Alex repeated. I looked back to her and nodded. “Well, guess you lucked out. I found both of those things when I had been scavenging.” She said as she reached into her inventory and pulled out a compass in one hand, and an iron chestplate in her other. “I intended to put on the chestplate when I was going to leave, but you two surprised me.” She admitted. I took the items from her and gave her a proud smile.
“Thank you.” I told her. She nodded and returned my smile. It was as if we hadn’t been separated for five years. We were just as close as we had ever been, having as strong of a sibling bond as ever.
	Taking a long look at the compass and waiting for the needle to settle, I pointed in the direction it was facing, which was to the west.
“In the morning, we’ll need to go that way.” I informed.
“Let’s not worry about that now though…” Alex said as she stretched and leaned back against the wall. Another moment went by.
“Elisa!” I said out loud. The two looked at me with confusion. “That’s what I’m going to name her.”
“Your horse?” Howard guessed, and I nodded.
“An interesting name, I suppose.” Alex said, then closed her eyes. “Anyways, I’m going to get some sleep. It’d be a good idea if you did too.” She suggested, mostly to me. I nodded in understanding.
“Yes, let’s get some rest.” I ordered, trying to sound more confident. I sat back against the dirt wall, trying to relax so sleep could come easier.
	I could see Joey was unsure about who to come to: me or Alex. I assured him that I didn’t mind if he went over to Alex for the night, and he nodded in understanding as he went over and snuggled up to Alex. She opened her eyes to see him right next to her and wrapped her arms around Joey, holding him in a caring embrace. The sight made me smile.
	I closed my eyes and waited several moments for exhaustion to slowly be replaced with slumber. I was grateful that the mobs seemed to be very quiet tonight. That or they were staying away. I fell asleep.

	I dreamed that I was listening to a conversation between two voices.
“At last, the two have been reunited…” one of the voices said to the other in a quiet voice.
“Yes, and now our hero is one step closer to realizing his destiny…” the other voice responded in a quiet voice. The two sounded like ancient beings, whose knowledge was infinite. They were the observers of our world. They had seen everything. They watched the world grow into the world of today, and they had been there since before humans even existed, though how I knew that I had no clue.
“When the White-Eyed One rises, mankind will have no choice but to turn to its creator, the one that made it what it has become…” the first voice said. I suspected that they were talking about the Creator, Notch.
“When the White-Eyed One begins his genocidal schemes, that is when the darkness will stir…”
“Yes, and it is up to the hero to guide humanity through the dark in its greatest time of need…”
“A storm is coming, Hero, and you must win in this war against evil…”
“Hero, you must hurry back to your home village…”
“Yes, time is of the essence… You must stop the White-Eyed One before he can recruit the enderdragon…” one of them informed.
“You must keep him from freeing the beast…” the other said.
“You have only a few days to foil his plan, make haste, Hero…” the voice said, and the dream ended.

	I woke up to see that Howard was gone. Alex was still asleep, with Joey laying right beside her. I rubbed the sleep out of my eyes and clumsily lifted myself to my feet. Not wanting to wake the two of them up, I walked past them and over to the door.
	Normally, I would’ve laid down for a few more moments, but I felt like I needed to rush. I wasn’t sure why, but my heart was beating rapidly, as if I was charged with adrenaline. I knew I had another dream last night, I just couldn’t remember much of what I had dreamed about. All I could remember was listening to two strange different voices, though what they were talking about I failed to recall.
	I quickly went out the door and noticed Howard was taking care of his horse. Why was my body making me rush?
“Hey, Howard.” I greeted him. He looked at me, and I could see a joyful look in his eyes-a look I hadn’t seen him have before. Perhaps he enjoyed taking care of his horse?
“Good morning, Steve.” He said.
“So, when are we planning on heading out again?” I asked, getting straight to the point. Typically, I would’ve enjoyed the early morning, but clearly there was some reason why my mind and body were both telling me to hurry and continue to travel.
“Well, I was thinking we should take it easy for today and go slow. Soren still seems tired.” He said, referring to his horse.
“I wish we could, but I get the feeling that if we slow down, something bad will happen.” I told him. He looked curious upon hearing this.
“Steve, come on. We need to take care of our rides.” He pointed out.
“I know, I know.” I mumbled, then sighed. “We can take it easy, but we’ve still got to get to my home village as soon as possible.”
“What’s going on?” Alex’s voice called out to us. I turned around and saw her approach. She must’ve woke up right after I had. Joey was trotting over by her side, but oinked and ran over to me once he saw me. I smiled and gave the pig a nice pat on the head.
“We were just going over plans.” Howard informed, but she shook her head.
“I wasn’t asking you.” She said with a scowl. Howard looked shocked for a moment, but then switched to an annoyed expression. Alex looked at me, wanting me to tell her instead.
“We were going over plans like Howard said.” I said. I didn’t know why Alex just brushed Howard off like that, but it was clear there was something she didn’t like about him.
“Well, whatever you’re deciding on, I think it’s best we head out right away.” She suggested.
“Agreed. Let’s move while it’s still morning.” I said.
“Wait… now?” Howard responded, his eyes widened for some reason. We both nodded. “But, we haven’t even had the chance to eat yet.”
“We can eat on the way.” I pointed out, feeling a pang of hunger within my stomach at the mention of eating.
	I saw my horse and Alex’s mule standing around the dirt hut, still tied to the fences we set down thankfully. Howard’s horse was with him, of course. Elisa(which I reminded myself was my horse’s new name) was staring at me with a look in her eyes, though I couldn’t tell what kind of look it was. Most likely, it wasn’t a look that an obedient horse would have.
“Okay then… let’s get ready then.” Howard said as he straightened himself and jumped up onto his horse. While I was walking over to my horse, Alex ran over to her mule, undoing the lead and quickly jumping up onto him.
	I undid my horse’s lead and looked at her straight in the eye. I had heard rumors that horses were able to tell what you were thinking by looking at your eyes, though I wasn’t sure if it was true. Regardless, I was hoping she could tell from looking into mine that we needed to learn to get along. I pulled out an apple and gave it to her to munch on, then jumped up onto her back.
	I lowered my arm for Joey to grab onto with his front leg and lifted him up onto the horse, positioning him in front of me. I noticed both Alex and Howard were looking at me, as if waiting. Then, I realized why.
“Oh, sorry!” I stammered and quickly reached into my inventory to pull out the compass. But not before accidentally pulling out an enderpearl I was holding onto instead. “Oops…” I nervously muttered as I put away the pearl, and managed to take out the compass this time.
	Waiting for the needle to settle, I mentally scolded myself for making things a lot more awkward than they should’ve been. Then, the compass settled, pointing to the west and slightly northwards. I shot my arm straightened in the direction the compass aimed.
“That way!” I declared. After turning our horses to the proper direction(Alex’s mule was already facing the right way though), we slowly began to head off.
	Soon, we were going to arrive at the village where Alex and I grew up in. The place where it had all happened… I knew that it was going to be hard for both of us, coming back to a place we grew up in after years of intentionally avoiding it. But, after thinking over my dream, although I still couldn’t remember much, I did remember hearing part of a sentence. ‘Return to your home village…’ was all I remembered hearing, but it was enough to confirm that what we were doing was the right thing.

An hour later…

	I began to recognize the nearby areas. We had been traveling all day. Surprisingly enough, Elisa had given me very little problems.
	We were in a snow biome, the one I could faintly remember us living in when we were young teens. We were getting closer to the village. But I suspected we might find our second home here first.
	I noticed Joey in front of me was shaking, he wasn’t used to the cold. And neither was I, as my teeth began to chatter in my mouth. I looked through my inventory, hoping to find something I could use to warm him up. All I found were a couple blocks of netherrack, a flint and steel, and some torches.
	Unfortunately, neither netherrack or flint and steel would do much for us while we were on the move, but at least I could hold a lit torch for a little before my arm would get tired. So, I used the netherrack as a rough surface and slid the torch across its surface, instantly igniting the stick.
	Suddenly, the block of netherrack began to smolder, and I immediately shoved it back into my inventory to extinguish it. I hadn’t even considered what would happen if I had done that.
	Holding on to the now blazing torch, I held it right next to my pig. He began to feel its heat and turned to glance at the bright object. Then, he looked back at me with a hearty grin. I grinned back and held the torch for several minutes.

That evening…

	Half the day later, I finally lowered my arm and put out the torch, my arm having grown very heavy. But Joey was no longer shivering, and I could tell he really appreciated the warmth.












Chapter Six
Crumbling Ruins of the Past…

	It was approaching nighttime, but I began to see collapsed ruins up ahead. I took another look at my compass. It was pointing directly towards the ruins. I looked down and closed my eyes, sighing. It took until this very moment, while I saw the destroyed remains of the first houses, to realize just how badly I didn’t want to be here.
	I looked over at the other two. Alex was glancing down, as if the sight of the ghost town had been too much for her. Her face was filled with bitterness. Howard on my other side was still staring ahead, a look of determination on his face. Joey was still asleep in front of me, snorting occasionally, completely oblivious to everything. I kept my eyes down, as if that would keep the bad thoughts from coming. None of us said anything to each other until we had arrived.

	I looked around the village reluctantly. There was hardly anything left of our home town. Many of the blocks that had originally been parts of houses must’ve eventually decomposed and disappeared. I could see moss had grown over several individual cobblestone blocks, no doubt flourishing throughout the years. All that remained were the ruined foundations of several houses. And as the sun was continuing to set, the entire place took on a more ominous atmosphere. I could even hear the wind blowing slowly.
“Well, we’re here…” Howard started, “The question is, now what?”
“We need to search for some clues.” I said. “Something that can help us out with this whole thing with those horsemen and Herobrine.”
“It’s really dark though, we need to wait until morning first.” He pointed out.
“No… not here…” Alex spoke up for the first time in a while. “I’m not going to sleep in this place…”
“Me neither…” I agreed.
“Well… we can’t be looking around for clues in the middle of the night.” Howard replied. “We’ll be eaten alive by zombies!” As much as I didn’t want to stay here any longer than we had to, I couldn’t help but agree with him on that.
“Then… let’s just make a shelter somewhere else in the area.” Alex sighed with reluctance.
“Good idea.” He said and we left the ruins of what was once my home to look for a good place to stay for the night.

	While mobs were beginning to spawn, we were finishing up the final touches within a nice shelter in the foot of a mountain not too far from the town.
	I lit up a few torches up set them all around the hut. Alex crafted a door with the crafting table and placed it in the frame. Howard was still outside, tying our steeds to fence posts, but he came back as soon as he was done.
“Let’s get some rest.” He said as he brought out two beds, one for me and one for himself. Alex brought hers out as well-she didn’t want him to carry her bed for some reason.
	As soon as he placed my bed down, I jumped down on top of it and spread out my arms, yawning with exhaustion. Joey was about to jump onto the bed, but remembered that he wasn’t supposed to do that, and so he stopped himself.
	Before the others had even got into their beds, I was fast asleep.

	I dreamed of nothingness. I was suspended in a world of absolutely nothing. Literally, there was absolutely nothing all around. I had the feeling I should’ve been experiencing another conversational vision between those two mysterious voices, but for some reason, I could not hear anything.
	I could’ve sworn I saw a black figure in front of me, but before I could verify, it blended into the background. And then, I felt the entire blank space I was in shake and shudder with force that made me think of laughter.
“Soon…” chuckled a deep voice, that was also sharp, like the edge of a sword. And then, the entire dreamscape vanished.

	I awoke and headed outside before the others were awake. Fortunately, it was early morning, and I watched as many of the mobs of the night burned away. Our steeds were sleeping away while spiders scurried to the nearest trees and caves, the rays of the sun draining them of energy as they clicked and hissed. Creepers stayed where they were, completely unbothered by the morning sun. Thankfully, the nearest creeper was more than a couple dozen blocks away and wouldn’t be a threat.
	I sat down with my arms wrapped around my knees and looked at the ruins of what used to be my childhood home, feelings tons of different emotions, but mostly sadness and regret.
“Hey…” Alex’s voice said softly from behind. I turned to look at her. Her face was full of grief at the sight of our home town.
“Good morning…” I muttered as she sat down with me.
“It really is our home village…” she murmured sadly.
“Yeah…” I sighed. We sat in silence for a few.
“I can still hear their voices, Alex…” I said, memories of what happened that night flashing through my mind.
“Me too…” she replied dryly.
“I don’t even know if there was anything we could’ve done.” I stammered, a small tear particle forming at the corner of my eye.
“I don’t think there was anything we could’ve done… I mean, we were only eight…” she pointed out.
“I miss Mom and Dad…” I muttered.
“Me too…” she trailed off.
	We waited until Howard and Joey were up and ready. Then, we headed over to the crumbling ruins of what was once my home, guiding our horses and mule along the way.

Skulrein’s POV
	I sat on my skeletal steed from atop the mountain, watching as the humans below headed off for the crumbled remains of the village. Then, I silently directed my steed down the face of the mountain, remaining stealthy to the humans.
	I was unsure as to what the humans were doing here, but I was certain it was not good business. I was not about to challenge them alone. As well-trained as I was in combat, to take on so many people who have good enough combat experience would be a very bold and unwise decision, and I was bound to get hurt.

Steve’s POV
	From the moment I took a step inside the remains of what was once my home, memories flashed throughout my mind. I remembered crafting my first item, and how happy my parents were when it happened. I remembered racing around the house, chasing Alex and vice versa when we would play tag. I remembered when we would sit at the table and eat dinner. And even though the house was barely still standing, I recognized it perfectly.
	While I was searching for something, anything, that could help us out, I found an item frame hanging against the wall. Contained within it sat a book that glowed slightly purple.
“Huh?” I muttered to myself. I didn’t remember any books on item frames back when I lived in this house. And the fact that it was glowing told me that it was a finished book as well. Not an enchanted book, as it lacked a buckle around it. I went over to the book and took it out of the frame, then looked over its cover. The title read ‘To the hero,’ to which I was unsure of how to react. I flipped to the first page, wondering who could have written this book.
‘According to legend, the one who is destined to defeat the menace known as Herobrine is to come to this town after its downfall. Take this book with you-it will serve you well.’ The page ended there, so I turned to the next page. I felt like I shouldn’t be reading this, since I was by no means heroic at all, but sheer curiosity made me keep going and I continued to read.
‘This village hides a secret very few know about. Under this village lies a stronghold. Although, this stronghold is no ordinary one, for it houses the legendary blade said to be capable of smiting those borne of the darkness. This sword is called the Sword of Heroes, and it is the one weapon capable of destroying Herobrine.’ The page ended there. I was about to flip to the next page when Alex joined me.
“Hey, did you find anything useful?” she asked. I held up the book.
“This book mentions a weapon that can be used to defeat Herobrine.” I informed. Then I realized that Alex probably didn’t know who Herobrine was. But before I could try to explain to her, she spoke up.
“Really?” she exclaimed, her eyes wide. “That’s great!”
“Wait, do you know who Herobrine is?” I asked. She nodded.
“Yes… I’ve encountered him before. He tried to kill me. And I’ve had some… disturbing dreams about him recently…” she revealed. I began to feel anger build up within me. I remembered how afraid I was when I had encountered him, but hearing that he had tried to kill my sister, I felt more protective of her.
“I’ve had some dreams recently, but I can’t seem remember what they’re about anymore…” I muttered, “Which is odd, because I was able to remember them clearly last week…”
“Well, does the book say anything about where this weapon might be?” she asked.
“It does mention a stronghold somewhere under the village.” I pointed out.
“Really? There was a stronghold under us this whole time?” she stammered. I nodded. “Well, any idea on where the entrance may be? Because I’m sure we don’t have time to dig all around the town. We’ve got to head to that other village soon.” I wondered how she knew about the other village. Perhaps Howard told her. Regardless, I looked back at the book and flipped to the next page, quickly reading through it.
‘The entrance to the stronghold is beneath the house this book was placed within. The owner of the house had an important task to guard the stronghold. Before the village had fallen, the stronghold was under the control of its inhabitants. However, throughout the years, it slowly was reclaimed by darkness, and so there will likely be danger as you venture inside to look for the sword of legend. Remain on your guard as you enter the underground fortress.’ This took me by surprise.
“What is it?” Alex questioned, noticing the look in my eyes. I looked up at her.
“It says the entrance is under the house…” I revealed to her. Her eyes widened again with shock. “That’s not all either. The owner of the house was supposed to guard it.”
“What? But that would mean-”
“Yeah… Dad was in charge of protecting the entrance…” I finished, just as perplexed as she was.
“But…” she couldn’t even finish her sentence.
“Well, it’s not like he really had a reason to tell us… I mean, we were just kids.” I pointed out.
“At least we now have a good idea about what he did whenever he went into the basement.” She replied.
“Agreed.” I closed the book and put it away into my inventory. “I’m going to look for an entrance. You get Howard. We might need help.” I insisted. She nodded in understanding.
“I’ll be right back.” She assured and ran off to look for Howard. I looked around for anything that could help me uncover some sort of hidden passageway.
	I first started with the room that belonged to me and Alex when we were kids. I didn’t expect there to be any secret passages or the like, I just wanted to see it for the first time since the night we lost our parents.
	As I entered the room, I was hit with an even stronger wave of nostalgia. I looked around the place. It seemed to have been untouched by time, as there were no signs of damage or wearing. It was a three-by-three-by-three room, which surprised me. When I was younger, I remember thinking that it was a big room, but now, as an adult, it felt very cramped with our two beds against the walls and our single chest between. Not to mention the book shelf in front of my bed. On top of the book shelf sat a clay pot. In the pot, a withered dead bush stood, its branches looking incredibly dried and weak. I remembered that it used to be an oak tree sapling.
	Seeing the withered husk of the sapling brought tears to my eyes. I used to take good care of that plant when I was little. My parents had told me that with enough care, it would grow into a great big oak, but seeing it in such a decayed state reminded me that things were never going to go back to the way they were.
	Before I could start to bawl, I decided to focus on the positives and approached the chest. Alex and Joey were still with me, still alive, even after all these years. And we weren’t in a bad situation. And there were still other villages. Civilization wasn’t dead yet. And with that in mind, I opened up the chest.
	Inside, there were several oak logs. I found some wool and a few different dyes too. There were some cookies, and I realized that I had hid them there for me to snack on at night without my parents knowing. I remembered one night when I was eating one of them after I thought Alex was asleep. She wasn’t and heard me eating them and she had wanted me to share some. I didn’t want to, but she decided to blackmail me, saying that if I didn’t give her any she was going to tell Mom the next day. So, I had to let her eat as many cookies as she wanted each night, which had been aggravating, because she was very greedy.
	I smiled at the memory. Even though it hadn’t been a good one, it was one that I had completely forgotten. It was somewhat nice to reminisce about life before that night.
	I took everything in the chest and put them away into my inventory. I knew that wool and dyes would likely never be of much use for me, but all those things had such sentimental value to me. I had memories for each of them. The logs were from the first tree I punched down, and I could remember the smile on my dad’s face as I did it. The wool was from my first time at the farm, where the farmer taught me how to shear sheep. I remember him also teaching me how to milk a cow, but I had immediately consumed the milk. The dyes were from when my mom and I were making my first painting. She had taught me how to make many of the secondary colors using primary ones, and how to make more colors from those. I wanted to keep everything from this place, so I could never forget all the times I had, good and bad, before that night.
	I left the room and went into the room that used to belong to my parents. It was almost exactly the same as how I remembered it, aside from a few holes in the walls and floor. The room was a five-by-five one, with the wooden ceiling being three blocks above the floor just like everywhere else in the house. There were two beds in the center of the room, with a crafting table to the right and a double chest to the left.
	I went over to the chest. It felt somewhat wrong to go through my parents’ chest, but I needed all I could get for when we take on Herobrine. And, I was pretty curious what my parents had stored away into their chest. I opened up the chest.
	Inside the container, I found a bunch of string, rotten flesh, and bones. I also found a dozen arrows and a bow. There was also cobblestone, andesite, granite, some glass, a redstone torch, several cooked porkchops and steak, a few ladders, an iron sword, and a full set of iron armor. I realized that the armor had belonged to my dad.
	Taking out the set of armor, I held the pieces out and looked at them. My dad had been a knight who fought for the village whenever it needed him. He was very proud about it too, and I remembered all the times he would talk about fighting the mobs the night before, or about training with the other knights. Alex didn’t really care, but I would always listen to every story he told with fascination. I really looked up to my dad, he was my hero. I brought the armor pieces to my chest and closed my eyes.
“I miss you, Dad…” I mumbled to myself. “I miss you and Mom. I just wish I could’ve said goodbye to you.” I wished Dad was here, alive and with us. He would know what to do. He would be able to protect us from those horsemen. He was a hero.
	I wasn’t a hero. I wasn’t like my dad. All I’ve done throughout the past decade is run away from my troubles. I never challenged the mobs freely like he did. In fact, Howard seems to be much more qualified than I was. But Herobrine seemed pretty confident when he called me a hero. I don’t know why, though he seemed to be the kind of person that was very intelligent.
	I reminded myself that this didn’t matter right now. What mattered was finding this sword that was supposedly the only thing capable of stopping Herobrine. I put the armor into my inventory and went back through the chest, taking the arrows and sword and putting them away. Then, I picked out the steak and put those away too, but leaving the porkchops untouched. I stopped eating porkchops after my eighth birthday, because that was the day I became friends with Joey. It just wasn’t right to eat what was once a pig when my best bud’s a pig.
	My search of the room now finished, I turned around and headed back towards the door. After taking a few steps though, I heard a creak as my foot touched a carpet tile and froze. This didn’t surprise me that much since I knew that under our carpeted flooring were wooden blocks, but this creak didn’t sound like it came from a thick block. It sounded like it came from a wooden slab or tile of some sort.
	I removed the carpet from under me and was shocked to find a trapdoor. It looked like it led to a tunnel leading underground at a diagonal angle. I opened the trapdoor and saw another under the carpet adjacent to the initial door, and once I freed that one, I found a third one beyond it, then proceeded to remove the carpet from above it as well. Then, I jumped down into the downward mine.
	It didn’t lead very far down, and was somehow still lit up by torches. I had no idea how that was possible. This mine had to have been several years old, possibly even decades old. How could the torches have lasted that long. I knew torches could last a long time, but certainly not years. But that wasn’t important now, finding out where this mine led to was. I continued to travel at a downward angle until the tunnel leveled. I came across an iron door at the end. Perhaps behind the door was where the entrance was? The question was, how was I going to get past the door? I no longer had a pickaxe to use, and I wasn’t sure if I had the materials to craft another iron one.
	I searched through my inventory for something to use. My hands came out with a cobblestone and a stick. Of course! I thought to myself, I should make a lever and use that to open the iron door.
	I brought the two materials together and crafted them into a single lever. Then, carrying the lever, I went over to the iron door and placed it down right next to the door. I flipped the switch and it opened the door with a metallic clang. I went through the door, unsure of what I would find.
	Through the door was a fairly large chamber. The weird thing was that instead of being made out of wood like the rest of the house, the room was all stone. It actually did look like we were underground. It took a moment, but my eyes adjusted to the darkness. And I realized that the room was completely empty. No, that definitely isn’t all there is, I thought with logic in mind. I walked towards the center of the room, wondering what could be hidden from me.
	My foot pressed down against a surface that sunk to the ground with a clack. Suddenly, the entire room shuddered as the wall opened up with the sound of stone grinding against stone, revealing a staircase that led deeper into the ground.
“Whoa…” I mumbled in disbelief. I took a step closer to the newly-revealed staircase, but the moment my foot left the pressure plate, the wall instantly closed again.
	I turned around and looked for the pressure plate, and once I saw where it was, I groaned. It was in the center of the chamber, far enough from the wall that I couldn’t make it to the passage it was meant to open before the walls closed. Even at top speed, I would probably get crushed.
“Steven?” I faintly heard Alex’s voice call out. It sounded like she was in the living room.
“In here!” I shouted in a loud voice, my voice reverberating through the thin tunnel behind me. “Come into our parents’ room, you’ll find it!” I waited a moment for her to arrive.
“Whoa…” she suddenly said in shock when she emerged from the tunnel. I could see Joey and Howard following behind her.
“So, I take it this is a new thing?” he asked.
“Yes, well, not ‘new.’ This place was probably mined out decades ago, but I never knew about it before.” I explained.
“Hidden underground chambers…” he muttered, “Sounds like a fun cliché. All we need is the mob spawner and a chest filled with goodies.”
“This isn’t the time to be joking.” Alex said, scowling at him. His casual look changed to a more defensive look.
“I’m just trying to keep spirits up.” He responded.
“We don’t need that right-”
“Anyways, I’m trying to solve this weird… puzzle, I guess you could call it.” I interrupted, sensing an argument would erupt unless I interfered. I pointed at the stone pressure plate in the center of the room. They both turned to look at it.
“Where-oh, that’s a pressure plate… isn’t it?” Howard asked. I nodded.
“You see, when I step on it, it opens up that wall.” I said, demonstrating as I activated the pressure plate and opened the wall. “The problem is, well, the moment I move away, the plate deactivates, shutting the passageway immediately before I can get to it.”
“I see, and it’s a stone pad, so you can’t place items onto it to hold the pad down…” Howard muttered.
“Do either of you have any wooden planks?” I asked. Both of them went through their inventories, but after a moment Howard shook his head. Alex didn’t, though.
“I was sure I had a few planks, but it seems I don’t…” Howard sighed.
“I have one block.” She said.
“Darn.” I voiced. I knew I had no wooden planks on me, and one wasn’t enough to craft what I had in mind, which was a wooden pressure plate. “We should go back up to the surface and break down a tree, so we can make a wooden pressure plate.” I suggested.
“Bad idea.” Alex argued. “It’s nighttime, and there’s a lot more mobs than usual.”
“It’s like they’re attracted to this… ghost town.” Howard said. A chill ran down my spine hearing that.
“Well, if we can’t replace the stone plate with a wooden one, then there’s only one thing that we can do.” I said. “Someone has to stay on the pressure plate in order to let the others get through. So, we need to leave someone behind.” I looked down at Joey to my side. “Joey, I want you to stay here.” Joey squealed in surprise. I knelt and got down to his level.
“Remember, we’re going deep underground, Joey. And the last thing I want is for you to get hurt.” I said. His face turned to a scowl as he began to let out a series of low-pitched grunts of frustration.
“Wait, I got it!” Howard exclaimed and I noticed him pull out an enderpearl.
“You have an enderpearl!?” I stammered.
“How!?” Alex gasped. Howard smiled as he tossed the pearl up and let it fall into his hand.
	Suddenly, his face went slack, and he disappeared, but reappeared in a flash of light a block above the floor. He fell onto the ground with a grunt. I realized he had just wasted his enderpearl.
“Howard!” I gasped with disbelief.
“You idiot!” Alex shouted angrily.
“No need to worry.” He grunted as he slowly got back to his feet and steadied himself. He went back through his inventory. “I have one more.” Howard assured, pulling out another pearl.
“Joey, I don’t want you to come with us.” I said, turning back to him. Joey grunted in protest.
“Steven, I think he should.” Alex said. I looked at her.
“Alex, I don’t want him to get hurt. He’s a pig, it’s not like he can use a weapon. He can’t even wear armor like you and me.” I pointed out.
“Steven, remember that time when we brought Joey with us underground when we were younger? You were very opposed to bringing him, but I convinced you. And in the end, he saved us from being ambushed by the spiders in that dungeon by warning us in time.” She brought up. I recalled that memory. She did have a point, and he had definitely helped us with avoiding fights before.
“Well, fair enough.” I decided reluctantly. “Joey, you can come with us.” The pig snorted.
“You guys ready?” Howard asked.
“Yes.” Alex responded. Howard went over to the pressure plate and stepped onto it, his foot pushing it into the ground and causing the wall ahead to open up with the sound of heavy stone blocks grinding against each other.
	The three of us went into the corridor past where the stone blocks would be pushed back together by unseen pistons. Then, Howard threw his last enderpearl, where it landed right next to me. His body then teleported up against me and pushed me against the wall. I grunted in discomfort as my arm hit the cold stone wall.
	I heard the walls close in behind us. Immediately, the hallway turned completely dark, though it was quickly lit back up by Alex’s torches.
“Well, that’s how you cheat through a puzzle I’m sure someone put a lot of effort into making.” I said to myself as we went ahead. The tunnel was pretty wide, so we were able to move side-by-side. Alex placed down a torch whenever it began to get dark.
“Yeah, well, to be fair, all we’d need to do is wait until morning to get some wood and I could make us a pickaxe to mine through.” Howard pointed out.
	Soon, the floor, wall, and ceiling began to change to stonebricks. Some of the bricks were cracked, some were covered with strands of moss, though some were untouched by time. A little further, and the hall finally ended with a wall, where a single iron door stood.
“Well, this must be it.” Howard said. “This must be where the stronghold begins.”
“The question is how do we get past this door?” I murmured, but then remembered something that Alex had said that gave me an idea.
“Alex, you said you have a single wooden plank, right?” I questioned. She nodded. “Perhaps you should make that into a button that we can use to open the door.”
“Good point.” She said as she brought out the block. After crafting it into a wooden button, she went up to the door and placed it right beside it. Then, Alex brought her bow out and readied an arrow, firing it into the wooden button and activating it.
“There, that way the button won’t cause the door to slam into our faces everytime we press the damn thing.” She said, glaring at the wooden knob with loathing. Clearing, she’s had a lot of annoying experiences with them, and I didn’t blame her for that.
“Now, this is going to be dark. Really dark. We’re going to need to place down a lot of torches as we go along.” Howard pointed out.
“There’s no need to worry about that, I’ve got a ton of them.” Alex assured, and gave me a couple dozen torches, then gave Howard some more as well.
“We might also need to split up if being together proves too ineffective. I’d recommend we consider going in pairs.”
“That seems like a good idea.” I agreed.
“Okay, let’s do this then.” He said, and we went through the doorway one at a time.











Chapter Seven
The Trial For The Ancient Sword…

	I wasn’t sure what to expect from a stronghold, but I couldn’t believe how many places this one had. We had come across some kind of fountain room, and then we found a set of what I assumed to be jail cells.
	I wasn’t sure what a jail would be doing in a stronghold, but was disturbed when I saw two skeletons sitting in one of them while the other was empty. They had just watched us while we went past them, not even raising their bows. I wasn’t sure if they spawned in the cells, or if they were what remained of the prisoners, or if they were the ones imprisoned, but it was as if they had simply given up. It seemed like they were just waiting for when they would despawn and cease to exist.
 	We then managed to come across a massive library. Within the library were hundreds, if not thousands of books on their shelves, and there were cobwebs all over the place. There was even a second floor, and I could see even more bookshelves up there. Above us hung a huge wooden chandelier with several torches on it.
“Whoa…” Alex gasped in awe of the sight.
	I decided to pick out a book at random. The title read, ‘The Battle Of Minefield’. Out of curiosity, I flipped to the first page.
‘The Battle of Minefield was a battle that took place during the Diamond War. It was a literal battle that took place in a minefield as when the Warrior faction sought to take control of Minefield from the Griefers, they had TNT mines set all around the outside of the village. So, when the warriors began their invasion, they were met with heavy resistance by the mines. These mine traps had been set up as far as a mile from the perimeter of the town. Many of the warriors that survived the deadly ordeal had permanently lost their hearing, or had lost their sight from particle shrapnel. Some of them had permanent scars across their bodies, while others had lost their limbs entirely.’ The page ended there, but I turned the page out of morbid curiosity, disturbed by myself in the process.
‘Warriors that survived the dangerous raid described it as being horror at every moment as their comrades fell beside them. To this day, there still remain inactivated TNT mines in the land surrounding Minefield. For this reason, when the raid was over, the griefer faction left the village in search of another. It remains unknown whether they achieved that goal.’ I closed the book, not wanting to read anymore.
“I think this stronghold wasn’t abandoned that long ago.” Howard said.
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“I mean, I think this stronghold was still in commission as soon as fifty years ago.” He clarified.
“That would make sense.” Alex agreed while she was reading another book. “In fact, this book seems to imply that books were still being written and stored here twenty years ago.” She flipped a page, and her eyebrows furrowed. “Um-wait… Um… guys, this book seems to talk about Herobrine.” She pointed out. We both immediately went to her.
“Really?” I replied, and she nodded as she handed the book to me. I read the title, ‘My Journal #72’ before proceeding to look through the page.
‘I had a dream last night. I dreamed that a white-eyed demon was flying through the skies. He threw charges of fire at the screaming people, and they would be vaporized whenever one would hit them. This monster was laughing as he killed more and more people, as if their deaths made him feel genuine joy. Then, he flew after me. I started to run, but then one of his charges hit me, and everything went dark. And then I woke up. That man… whatever he is, he is no ordinary person. I don’t even think he’s human.’ I flipped to the next page, but it was unrelated.
“That’s weird… and you said this book supposedly was written around twenty or so years ago?” Alex nodded. “So, this person had a dream about what probably was Herobrine twenty years ago…”
“That would mean that he must’ve respawned around that time.” Howard pointed out. “Is there anything else in there about him?” I flipped through the next few pages and skimmed through them until I found another page with Herobrine.
‘I tried to tell my fiancé about him. She didn’t believe me. She’s saying that I’m being paranoid over a dream. I then talked with my fellow sparring partners. None of them believed me. I tried to bring it up with the mayor. She wouldn’t even listen. I know something is up. That man, whatever he is, he is a monster. But, as hard as it will be, I can’t let this destroy my life. After all, pretty soon, I’ll be getting married to my beautiful fiancé. Then, we’re going to start our family. But I’ll be ready. If this monster thinks he’s going to hurt my family or village, he’s going to have to go through me first.’ I flipped to the next page to see if there was anymore, but that was the end of the book.
“Well, from what I could understand, this person was afraid of Herobrine attacking him and his family. He tried to talk with other people, but no one would believe him. So, he decided not to ruin his life by obsessing over it, instead focusing on his upcoming wedding. That’s pretty much all it was.” I informed.
	Just then, I heard a moan and the trudging of steps by the entrance of the library. We all instantly went to our weapons. Howard snuck to the corner of the bookshelf and peeked out, then readied his weapons. He then stepped out from the shelf and swung his sword and axe together to the side. I could hear the zombie let out a final cry of defeat from the force of the two powerful weapons and then burst into smoke.
“Okay, we’re good now.” He said after looking around.
“We need to go. We’ve been here too long.” I said, my body for some reason being hit with a second rush of adrenaline. Joey grunted in response, though I wasn’t sure what he said.
“Agreed.” Alex added.
“I think we should split up, like we talked about.” Howard said.
“Yeah.” I agreed.
“I’m thinking you and Joey should go together. You seem to be a great team.” He complimented. “And, uh… Alex and I will have to work together.”
“Why should I work with you?” she questioned, giving him a mean look.
“Look, I’ve traveled with Steve and Joey. When they were together, they worked to fight mobs off very well. I didn’t expect it. And plus, I think we got off on the wrong foot. I want to try to get along with you a lot better.” He requested.
“Really? That’s the best you’ve got? I think you know my answer then.” She snorted. His face grew more frustrated.
“There’s no point in being a team if we can’t work together.” He sighed, annoyance clear in his voice.
“Alex, come on. I don’t know why you’re holding this grudge against him, but could you please just give him a chance?” I requested. She looked at me, a softness in her eyes.
“Well… screw it. Fine, but once we find this stupid sword I’m done with working with him.” She grunted. I smiled.
“Thank you, Alex.”
“I’m only doing it for you, Steven.” She reminded as she and Howard went on their way. I nodded in understanding. I put away the book and headed down a dark hallway at random, Joey following me as I lit up the way.
	Whenever we encountered a mob, I would kill it before it noticed me. Then, I’d proceed to light up the area it had been.

	After several moments of traveling through dark halls and stairs and chambers, I came across a massive room. I couldn’t even count how large it was. The room was dimly lit by redstone torches, and there were stonebrick stairs that led higher up. At the very top of the stairs, I could see an object floating, bobbing up and down. Upon taking a closer look, I realized that it was a blue sword. Then, in a flash, the memory of what I had dreamed about the other night came back to me.
	I had dreamed about the sword. The sword was guiding me. It wanted me to find it, so that we could save the world from the evil that was Herobrine.
“What the…” I muttered as I began to slowly walk up the stairs. It was weird, this was all so foreign to me, but at the same time it felt completely natural. Joey didn’t follow me.
I went up, step after step, until finally, the sword was in front of me. It looked more different from my own sword than I thought it would. It was clearly a diamond sword, and not only was its color different from my iron sword, but the guard was different too. It was more diagonally straight than the standard sword design, and the diamond in the center seemed to glow slightly.
	I reached out and the sword flew into my hand. The moment it was in my grip, I was hit with a sudden wave of realization. I truly was the hero Herobrine had been talking about. He hadn’t been mistaken. All my naivety had only held me back. Maybe I hadn’t been a hero before, but now it fell onto me to become the hero the world needed. I was the one destined to defeat Herobrine. There was no way I would’ve been able to pick up the sword otherwise. It didn’t matter how insecure I had been. All this time, I was the new hero of Minecraftia. What was weird was that even though I had been taken by surprise over what had just happened, something from deep inside me had always known. And now, I had to stop him. But the question was, where was he? First, I had to find Alex and Howard.
	I heard a squeal of terror from the entrance and immediately looked back. In front of the entrance stood an unusually large skeleton. The skeleton appeared to be wearing leather shoulder pads. It also had a huge lower jaw that was larger than the rest of its face. And in its huge ribcage, my pig was trapped, squealing with fright and unable to get out. The skeleton had a bow attached to its arm, and had the bow aimed upwards directly at me with an arrow nocked.
“Well, well, well… We meet at least, hero of humanity…” the skeleton addressed in a shockingly deep voice that rung in my mind, “I am Skulrein, one of the Order of the Apocalypse and the most trusted of King Herobrine’s horsemen. And you will not leave this chamber alive.” Anger swelled up within my body at the sight of Joey in his ribcage, trapped like a sheep inside a surface jungle tree.
“Let go of my pig!” I shouted at the skeleton, raising the legendary blade.
“And why would I do that?” the skeletal archer questioned, keeping his bow nocked.
“Because if you don’t, I will kill you!” I threatened. Skulrein let out a loud chuckle, which sounded and looked weird coming from a skeleton.
“I see you are very confident of that. But yet, I must question why you think that you can succeed in defeating me when I am the one with the bow, at a far distance from the one with a sword-you.” He pointed out, speaking in a completely calm voice the entire time. “It may be a legendary blade of the humans, but I believe that does not make any difference in this situation.”
“Just let him go, he has nothing to do with this!” I hollered.
“I can’t help but admire that. You would rather see to it that your weak companion is safe over your own well-being. I can certainly see why you were chosen to be the hero of mankind.” He praised, but then his expression hardened again. “Unfortunately for you, it is my task to take you out. King Herobrine sees that you have become a threat, and now it is up to me to make sure you do not follow him into the End.” This caught my attention.
“Wait, the End? What’s the End?” I asked. I had never heard of such a thing.
“The End, the remnants of what was once a world very much like ours. My king is there, and he plans to win the enderdragon over to our cause. And I will not allow you to interrupt him.” He stood up to his full height, which appeared to be two and a half blocks, and lowered his bow slightly.
“I must admit, I was quite looking forward to meeting you, the hero of humanity. I have trained with my brothers for nearly two decades, and I have sought an opponent that would be worthy of challenging. And as far as first impressions go, you do not disappoint me. And so, I shall respectfully end your life as quick and painlessly as I can.”
	Faster than my eyes could follow, he raised his bow and fired an arrow directly at me. I barely had time to step out of the way. Another whizzed right by my head and clattered against the stonebrick wall. I let out a startled yelp. He fired a third arrow, but I narrowly managed to avoid it. I heard Joey squeal helplessly from within Skulrein’s ribs and put on a determined face.
	Immediately, I began to rush down the stairs. Arrows flew at me, but several of them were deflected. I realized that it was because I was still wearing my armor, which was a lucky thing. I felt one embed itself into my arm and cried out in pain, but kept going.
	When I was around halfway down the stairs, I felt an arrow hit my armored feet and knock me off-balance, causing me to fall down the stairs. My body began to roll down each step, and I grunted with discomfort as I hit every ledge.
	Once I was at the bottom stair in front of Skulrein, I immediately got back to my feet. Still keeping my grip on the Sword of Heroes, I readied to swing it at Skulrein when I realized that Joey was in the way. I hesitated, and the horseman slammed his elbow against me, knocking me back against the stairs with a pained grunt.
	I groaned as he lifted me up with his large skeletal arms and stared at me. I could see straight into his empty eye sockets. Skulrein raised one of his fists and slammed it against my face, pushing my body back to the stairs. I cried out in pain as my body flashed red. I could hear Joey screaming from within the ribcage.
“This shall only get in the way of my task-” the skeletal horseman said as he grabbed my chestplate and helmet and tore them from my body. I tried to reach for them, but he planted his foot against my chest, keeping me trapped in place as he threw the armor far away. Then, he aimed his bow directly at my face, and I closed my eyes, waiting for the end.
	Suddenly, I began to hear the desperate grunting of Joey. I opened my eyes to see my pig struggling frantically from within Skulrein’s ribcage. He bit down on one of the ribs, somehow causing the ones around his head to loosen ever-so-slightly. Then, Joey headbutted the skeleton’s spiny torso, knocking the horseman away from me.
“Quit it, boar!” Skulrein demanded curtly, his attention focused on the pig he was restraining. I took this as an opportunity and got back up to my feet, then charged at the distracted horseman.
	I raised my sword and aimed for a swing against his back, then swung. The sword slammed against the back of Skulrein’s spine, causing him to lurch forward. His ribs opened all at once, likely some kind of nerve response to the attack from behind, and Joey fell out. The pig was quick to run to my side.
	Skulrein straightened himself out and turned to face us, then used his hands to push his skull back into place.
“That was clever, what you did there.” He praised. “You two do in fact make quite a good team, just as the other human had said.” I got the feeling he was talking about what Howard had said earlier, which made me feel paranoid. Was it possible he had been there with us, without us knowing?
Skulrein raised his bow and nocked an arrow at me, “Of course, the fact of the matter is that your team consists of a pig and a human. That is all. And of all the horsemen you have faced, I am the best of them. I have already won.” He boasted, his voice still unnervingly calm.
“We’ll see about that!” I growled, holding the Sword of Heroes out in front of me. Joey snorted beside me, ready to help. After a silent standoff, I charged at him.
	He fired an arrow, but I held my left arm over my face and felt the arrow bury itself into my arm. It hurt, but I toned it out as I swung my sword at the skeleton. But right before the sword could make contact, he blocked my arm with his own, stopping my swing dead in its track.
	Skulrein was knocked back a step when Joey tackled his bony leg. I quickly swung the sword back at him again, and Skulrein flashed red, taking another step back while he grunted in pain.
	I went for another slash, but the skeletal leader was faster and slammed his elbow against my head, knocking me back down to the ground. I groaned in pain and remembered that I didn’t have a helmet anymore, so I had taken the full brunt of that attack. I looked up just in time to see him kick Joey powerfully, sending the pig flying until he struck against the stonebrick wall. I tried to push myself back to my feet, but I suddenly felt completely drained of energy.
“You see? You two are no match for me. Maybe if you had more time to train, you could consider standing your ground against me in battle. Now, I must finish you off, and then I will find the other two and finish them off as well.” He declared.
“Wait… I won’t let you hurt them…” I growled, trying even harder to lift myself up, but I was completely devoid of strength. I didn’t know how or why I was suddenly all tuckered out.
“Just accept it. You were foolish enough to take that arrow, which I had tipped with weakness. You have lost.” He revealed. That was when an idea came to me. If he had shot me with an arrow tipped with weakness, then that effect would have to wear off at some point. I just had to keep him distracted.
“No… you’re wrong… I won’t give up…” I muttered.
“You have no say in the matter. You are too weakened.” He pointed out. I looked back up at him.
“Why… why are you doing this to us? Why are you trying to destroy humans?” I asked, trying to keep him talking. The skeletal horseman lowered to his knee, eyeing me.
“Because humans are killing this world faster than you would think. My king knows that to save it, he must eradicate all of mankind before it is too late. He learned the hard way that the humans are not to be trusted. The Overworld can only be safe once he rules it with an iron fist. And with you dead, there will be no one that can stand against him.” He revealed.
“No… I refuse…” I mumbled.
“You have no choice. This is your end-the end of humanity.” He declared, and I watched as he nocked an arrow, aimed directly at my face.
“No… I was weak once before. But I won’t lose this time.” I promised, feeling a faint strength returning to my body.
“Goodbye, hero-”
“NO! I REFUSE TO DIE!!!” I yelled as the strength returned to my arms. I pushed myself to my feet and brought the Sword of Heroes up at Skulrein, striking him at the bottom of his skull. He cried out in pain and flashed red.
“Clever… You are very clever, for a human…” he muttered as he once again raised his bow. “You distracted me by keeping me talking and stalling for time, so that the weakness from the arrow would fade. What a foolish mistake on my part…” His face turned to a scowl, which was a bit difficult to see on a skeleton. “However, that changes nothing. You still stand no chance.”
“I won’t let you hurt my friends!” I yelled, and rushed at him.
	He fired arrow after arrow at me, but my mind was suddenly filled with options of what to do. I ran past one and jumped over another, then ducked under a third one. Then, I jumped into the air and struck Skulrein with a downward swing. He was knocked back a step and grunted with pain.
	The horseman tried to knock me back with his elbow again, but I saw it coming and instantly duck under the attack, then brought my sword up and felt the tip of the blade bite into his jaw. He yelped out in pain, grasping his lower jaw as he slammed his other arm against me. I was knocked sideways, but immediately went into a side roll and quickly got back to my feet.
	I realized what was happening. It was the Sword of Heroes. It was helping me fight, teaching me the methods of the Great Hero who had used it before when he fought Herobrine. Now, I could see everything around us in a whole new perspective. My mind was keeping track of all the factors around us. I was completely in battle mode on strength potions. I suddenly knew of sword techniques I never even thought of before.
	I dodged an arrow from Skulrein and ran at him again. He aimed another one at me, but I held the sword up and deflected the arrow. Then, I let out a battle cry and swung my sword at him. Skulrein dodged the attack and tried to grab my sword arm, but I launched my left fist up at his face. I landed the punch and prevented him from grabbing my sword arm, then swung the sword at him again, this time aiming for his bow arm.
	I landed the attack, and my sword cut through his bowstring, severing it. Skulrein let out an internal sound that might’ve been a gasp at the sight of this. I then swung the sword back up at him, but he blocked the attack with his arms. He flashed red, though not as bright red as normal, as though somehow his arms had blocked some of the damage.
	Suddenly, he lurched forward as I heard and saw Joey slam against him. Now that he was off-balance, I brought the Sword of Heroes up at his exposed head with enough force to launch him backwards. He landed a few blocks back and steadily got up.
“Impressive… That is how a true hero fights…” he stammered, then fell to one knee. “I must say that in the short time we battled, I have grown some respect for you. I have to kill you, but because you have rendered my bow unusable, I cannot do that right now.” I opened my mouth to speak, but he interrupted.
“I will not kill you today. And I will not go after your friends either, as I must repair my bow. But tomorrow is another day. I may not have to kill you though, for once you enter the End in pursuit of my king, you will find that it will be far more difficult than you may think.”
	Before I could respond, he produced an enderpearl and gave me a final look.
“Before I go, think to yourself about the cause you are fighting for. Is it worth it? What good has mankind done for this world?” And then, he threw it and immediately vanished from sight.
	I stood for a moment, thinking about all that had just happened. Then, all the strength in my body fled, and I collapsed to my hands and knees, panting heavily. I hadn’t fought hard like that, well, ever. My body felt so light, and I felt like I could pass out at any moment. I could see the Sword of Heroes, the diamond in its guard glowing bright.
	Joey rubbed against me, trying to help me up. I used his back to lift me back up to my feet.
“I can’t believe how intense that was…” I panted, staring at the entrance, “But we actually did it. We managed to fight off one of Herobrine’s horsemen…” Joey oinked with happiness. I smiled and got back down to his level.
“I gotta say, I had my doubts. But you really came through for me during that fight. If I had another carrot, I’d give it to you, buddy.” I praised. He gave me one of his signature cheeky grins, which I returned.
“Now then, let’s look for Alex and Howard!” I said, and we went out through the entrance.

	We found Alex and Howard much quicker than I thought it would take. I could hear them arguing, and followed their voices until I found them. They were in a fountain room and hadn’t noticed us yet.
“Guys!” I called out to them. They both turned around.
“Steven, did you find-” Alex started, but stopped once she looked at the sword in my hand. “Is… is that it?” I nodded and held the sword out for them to see.
“Interesting…” Howard muttered to himself as he got a good look at it. “It looks similar to a diamond sword, but it’s somewhat different…”
“Steven, what happened to you? You look like you got into a battle, and what happened to your chestplate and helmet?” Alex noted.
“Well, about that… I encountered one of the horsemen.” I let that one sink in.
“What!?” Howard stammered.
“Yeah, his name was Skulrein, and he talked in a very deep voice, which took me by surprise.” I described. Howard’s expression became filled with hatred.
“Was… was this Skulrein a wither skeleton or one from the Overworld?” he questioned, his teeth clenched.
“He wasn’t a wither skeleton.” I told him, recalling that Howard’s village was destroyed by a raid from an Overworld skeletal horseman. I wondered if it was possible that Skulrein was the same horseman that commanded that raid. For some reason, I didn’t think so.
	I could see that Howard was visibly shaking with anger. He looked like he was about explode like a creeper.
“Did you kill him?” he questioned in a quiet voice.
“No… He used an enderpearl to escape before I could…” I admitted.
“You’ve got to be kidding me…” Howard growled. “Steve, how could you do this!”
“Howard, I tried. Trust me-” But he cut me off.
“No! This was our chance to avenge everyone that monster killed!” he shouted as he got in my face.
“Howard, I don’t know why you’re acting up, but don’t treat Steven like-” Alex defended, but he interrupted her.
“No! Screw you! That monster killed my fiancé! That was your perfect chance to kill him, and you blew it!” he roared, pushing me back aggressively.
“Howard, I nearly died! We were lucky he backed off, because he almost killed Joey and me!” I argued. His expression seemed to soften, though only slightly.
“You know what? I’m done.” He stated, then went over to the path that led back to the exit. He stopped and continued to talk, though he kept staring ahead into the darkness, “I went on this journey to avenge my deceased fiancé and family, along with my people. I wanted to kill that horseman. He ruined my life. I… I was going to raise my family in that village… But now, that’s not going to happen… And now… I’m not even going to see that horseman pay for what he did…”
“Howard, please!” I called out to him, but he shook his head.
“I’m done. I’m going back to William’s village. You can go fight that Herobrine on your own… It’s all a lost cause anyways… I’m done…” he said and began to walk off. I could hear him beginning to sob as he left.
“Well…” I muttered, though I had nothing else to say after that. We stood in silence for a moment before Alex spoke up.
“I… I never knew… how bad that affected him…” she murmured as she shifted uncomfortably. “Now, I feel like a complete jerk for being so hard on him…”
“Yeah, well… I guess… I guess we don’t need him…” I said, though I was shocked by the bitterness in my tone. Joey let out a low-pitched grunt. He was sad to see Howard leave.
“Well, what do we do next?” she asked. I raked my mind for what Skulrein had said.
“Skulrein said that Herobrine had gone into the End. He’s hoping to bring the enderdragon to his side.” I recalled.
“Wait, you said the End?” she asked, and I nodded. “Well, I heard that inside strongholds, there are typically portals called End portals that are supposed to take you to the End.” She informed.
“Wait, where’d you hear that?” I questioned. She looked at me straight in the eyes.
“While you were alone, looking for villages, let’s just say I had to learn to live in the company of horrible people. People that wanted to move into the End.” She said. I wanted to ask more about these people, but the look in her eyes told me she didn’t want to go into detail. That made me concerned.
“Okay… Well, we’ll need to find this portal then.” I stated and turned, but she grabbed my arm.
“It’s not going to be that easy, Steven.” She said. “The portal will be inactive. In order to activate it, we’ll need twelve eyes of ender.” I gave her a confused look.
“Eyes of… ender?” I repeated, wondering what those were.
“Basically, we’d need enderpearls and blaze powder.” My mouth went dry when I heard enderpearls. The last time we encountered an enderman together, we were separated for years.
“How in the world are we going to get those? And what is blaze powder?” I stammered.
“First, I think we should look for the portal. That way, we know where to go.” She said.
“Good point.” I agreed.
“Also, on the way, I’d like to hear more about these… horsemen…” Alex requested. “They sound new, and this is the first time I’ve heard about them.” I gave her a grim look.
“Boy, do I have a story to tell you…” I said as we began to head off.

	We had found the portal room just as I was wrapping up the tale. It had taken us several minutes of navigating through the stronghold, going back and forth through corridors we had already been down. It had been one of the few times I really wish I still had my pickaxe, since I typically always had one with me. Fortunately, most of the stronghold had been well-lit by now, so we were safe from mobs.
	In the center of the room, stairs led upward to the portal, which hung over a pit of lava. I could see a spawner in the stairs, and a tiny, light-grey creature spun around inside it. I had no idea what it was.
“Crap! We should’ve gone back and made a pickaxe!” Alex growled. “We’ll need to make this quick. Luckily, I did manage to make one eye of ender while we were walking.” She assured and pulled out a greenish-blue object that heavily resembled an ominous eye. I did not like the look of it at all.
	Alex went over to the portal, rushing up the stairs, and then looking down at the portal. Her face became puzzled.
“Um… what?” she said to herself.
“What is it?” I replied, following her up the stairs. I made sure Joey stayed right next to me and away from the lava. I then saw what she was looking at and gasped.
	From the bottom, it looked completely inactive, but from the top, the portal was a dark void filled with specks of dim light from within. They each moved very slowly back and forth. I moved around the portal, but the light sources all stayed, fixed. It was as if I was looking into another world.
“Whoa…” I murmured.
	Joey, overwhelmed by what he was seeing in the portal, took another step forward, but began to slip. I immediately rushed to him and grabbed his backside just before he could fall into the portal.
“Be careful, Joey!” I reminded him, letting out a sigh of relief.
“This… this isn’t right…” Alex stammered. “It shouldn’t be active. Why is it active?” Just then, I heard a strange hiss from behind us.
	Turning to look back, I saw a small and wriggling creature, just like the one in the mob spawner. It stared at me for a moment, but didn’t look very threatening at all. In fact, it looked kind of cute. But then, the creature hissed again and lunged at me. I let out a startled yelp and drew my sword, immediately swinging it at the small creature. My weapon made contact with the mob and slammed it against the wall, where it let out a loud cry of pain.
“Steven!” Alex shouted, and the chamber began to tremble. All around me, I began to hear dozens more hissing as many parts of the walls began to vanish, another creature in their space.
“Crap, we have to jump in. Now!” Alex shouted as the mobs began to pour out from the walls and crawl up the stairs. She jumped into the portal. I grabbed Joey, and jumped into the portal as well.












Chapter Eight
The End…

	It felt like my body was traveling through blocks. Except my body was still solid, and so I was suffocating. Then, I appeared in a fairly large pocket of air underground. Alex was right next to me, and Joey was still in my arms. I looked at the walls and ceiling. They appeared to be made of some kind of block that only faintly resembled cobblestone, but was yellow and pale. They also appeared to be very porous. I groaned and crawled back to my feet. My head was killing me.
“What is this place? Are we trapped?” I asked. Alex froze up. She had a look of complete disbelief in her eyes.
“I think we might be…” she said, her voice a higher pitch than normal. “Unless we have a pickaxe, we’re stuck here…”
“Well, there’s gotta be something we can do!” I said. I went through my inventory. I was certain I had no wood, but still searched, only to come up empty. “Dangit…” And then I spotted the logs.
	As soon as I saw the oak logs in my inventory, my heart skipped a beat. I realized that they were the logs I had taken from my childhood chest.
“No way…” I said as I brought a couple out. “No freaking way…” I groaned, disappointed in myself on so many levels. This whole time, we had been struggling to get past all these puzzles and nonsense, complaining about not having any wood, and I had plenty on me the whole time.
“Oh my Notch, Steven, you’re still just as clumsy as ever.” She said, though I saw a smile form across her face. “Though, I guess that clumsiness really came in handy.”
“Yeah…” I chuckled uncomfortably. Of all the things about me to be useful, I wasn’t expecting it to be that.
	I crafted four logs into wooden planks. Then, I crafted four of the wooden planks into a crafting table. After that, I plunked the table down and got to work, making sticks and setting them in place with more plank blocks to make two wooden pickaxes. I tossed Alex one of them and got ready with the second pickaxe. It felt weird to hold a wooden pickaxe-I was so used to carrying stone and iron pickaxes that I wasn’t used to using such a low-tier tool.
	We got to work and began to mine through the mysterious stone. Alex mined upwards, so I followed her lead. It was weird, it was as if she had done this all before. But when I asked her, she said this was her first time as well.
	Eventually, we finally reached the surface. I climbed out of the tunnel and, while waiting for Alex and Joey, looked around. There were more of the same pale porous stone all over the landscape. Then, I noticed the sky, which was an unusual purplish color. I could see tiny specks all across the sky, except instead of being bright like stars, they were dark. It was almost as if this whole sky was meant to be the reverse of our Overworld sky.
	I then noticed there were massive black precipices of obsidian that jutted out from the ground. They raised up incredibly high into the sky, and I could see something bright bobbing up and down at the very top of a few.
	I then noticed something I should’ve noticed before. There were endermen EVERYWHERE. Many of them were shifting aimlessly throughout the world. One of the endermen that I was accidentally looking at suddenly looked back at me, and I immediately turned away and covered my eyes, praying it didn’t see me looking at it.
“Are you okay?” Alex said. I slowly removed my hands from my face and looked around, but didn’t see a charging enderman. I sighed in relief.
“Never better.” I gave her a cheesy smile. She grinned back, then looked around.
“Oh, shoot! There’s endermen everywhere!” she gasped and looked down.
“Yeah, be careful…” I said, then noticed an enderman in the distance. It was shaking with rage and charging, though not at us. I took a closer look.
	It seemed to be running at a man in the distance. A man who wore a cyan shirt and lapis blue pants, just like me. Herobrine, I realized. I watched as the man turned to look at the enderman, and then raised his fist at it. Instantly, the enderman’s pink pupils vanished. Its eyes were now completely white, just like Herobrine’s. The enderman stopped its charge and sunk to its knees, as if succumbing to the control of the evil menace.
“Alex, did you see that?” I asked, pointing at him in the distance. He seemed to be completely still now, as if in a deep state of concentration.
“No, what happened?” she replied.
“An enderman was charging at Herobrine… and then he raised his fist at it, and it fell under his control or something.” I informed.
“Really? He has the power to do that?” she stammered.
“Apparently. I don’t think he knows we’re here. We should sneak up before he notices.” I suggested. Alex nodded, and Joey snorted in agreement. We moved ahead, staying close to the ground. Thankfully, Herobrine’s back was turned. I wasn’t sure what good being close to the ground was going to do, since none of us would blend in very well.
We managed to get as close as a dozen blocks away before he suddenly turned around and saw us.
“You two… what are you doing here?” he growled, with a look of panic. “You weren’t supposed to make it into the End!” I immediately got off the ground and raised my sword. Herobrine snarled at the sight of the Sword of Heroes. “So… you managed to claim the sword. Then, you leave me with no choice. I will destroy you!” he declared. Then, he raised his hand in the air.
“To arms!” he boomed and immediately, over a dozen blank-eyed endermen teleported around us. I readied my sword while Alex got hers ready. I was shocked to see so many endermen, and I was afraid, but moreover I knew that I couldn’t let these endermen get the best of us. With the blade of the Great Hero in my hand, I felt more confident than I had ever before. Joey let out a brave piggy roar. Then, the endermen charged.
	I ducked under the fist of one enderman, then swung at it. My blade struck, and I heard the enderman roar its distorted cry of pain. I heard Alex shout in alarm and saw her trapped in the grip of two endermen.
	I instantly charged and slashed my sword against one of the enderman, but it remained with its grip on Alex’s arms. It glared at me and let out a hateful roar, barring its teeth. Then, another enderman grabbed me by the waist. I tried to fight back by slamming the sword against it, but it still held on. Another enderman grabbed onto my sword arm, and I swung my free arm at it, trying desperately to get it to release my arm, but to no avail. I was trapped, and could only watch as the endermen caught up with Joey and subdued him.
	The endermen brought us before Herobrine. I kept struggling, but the endermen had strong grips of iron on me.
	Suddenly, the endermen began to cry out in pain as I noticed water flowing under me. I saw that Alex was holding an empty bucket. The water flowed from under her in all directions, causing endermen to flash red as it made contact with them. The endermen around us began to teleport away. I swung my sword at the last one, and it roared in pain and teleported away.
	I got ready to run at Herobrine, but then a new set of hands grabbed ahold of me, these ones were bony. I looked back to see a wither skeleton that I recognized to be Witanos sneering down at me.
“It has been a while, Steve…” he clattered. I struggled against his grip, but he was much stronger than I. I looked over at Alex. She was struggling against another large skeleton. This skeleton was just as tall as Witanos, but was an Overworld-type skeleton. Herobrine snorted.
“It’s about time the two of you arrived. Where is my army?” he questioned. The two turned to look over at him.
“Your troops await within the stronghold and throughout the town. They are waiting for you to bring the beast into the Overworld and begin the Final Invasion.” Witanos answered.
“Good…” Herobrine grinned, then turned to face me and sneered. “What happened to one of your partners? I had heard that there were three of you…” I scowled, and he chuckled.
“Ah, I see. A falling out, I assume? That’s hilarious. Now, perhaps some use can come out of you. You see, for the past several days, I have been trying to get the enderdragon to appear before me. Unfortunately, I have been unsuccessful. I only just recently realized it is because the dragon was slain long ago.”
He then sneered, “However, legend has it that the beast will be reborn when a human has entered the End to challenge it. To be specific, a hero who has overcome all the odds to make it to the End.” He revealed. “And that’s where you come in. You see, I need a hero to recreate the dragon that was destroyed in the distant past. The crystals used to resurrect the beast will only work if used by a hero.” I bit my bottom lip in frustration.
“Forget it, we’re not helping you.” I said.
“Heh, heh, heh, I wasn’t asking for your help.” He vanished in a wisp of smoke, and then reappeared right in front of Alex and landed a sucker punch to her in the waist. She gasped from the pain as her body flashed red.
“Stop it!” I shouted. My body became filled with rage. I felt strength beginning to surge through my body, filled with the desire to protect my sister.
	I began to overpower Witanos. He then kicked me onto the ground and planted his foot onto me, keeping me pinned to the ground. I shouted in outrage as I tried desperately to lift myself up, but I still was too weak. I had never felt so helpless in my life.
“Oh? Someone’s getting a little upset.” He mocked. “I’ll stop if you agree to help me on my request.”
“Never!” I growled, trying desperately to swing my sword.
“We’ll see about that.” He smirked as he delivered another powerful punch against my sister, who cried out with agony. “I should mention that my punches are far more powerful than from a petty human like you. An average punch from me deals as much as, say, an iron blade would deal to you. So, your sister is getting pretty close to death. I would factor that into your next response.” He informed. “Now, what do you say?” I didn’t know what to do. If I said yes, not only would I be contributing to the end of mankind, but he would undoubtedly kill us anyways. Yet, if I said no, Herobrine would kill her. And Alex was more important to me than any other person.
“Steven!” Alex screamed and locked eyes with me. “Don’t do it!”
“I wouldn’t resist if I were him…” Herobrine chuckled as he held his hand up. A fire charge appeared above his hand. “I believe I know what he values more than a sister that he had grown apart from…” he sneered as he turned to look down at my pig. I stopped my struggling, my eyes wide with shock. “And that’s a lowly pig that he has grown attached to over the past decade…” Joey began to squeal in panic, and Herobrine chuckled arrogantly.
“No-don’t!” I pleaded.
“Maybe I should… Perhaps that’ll get you to stop resisting.” He smirked.
“No… I’ll… I’ll do it…” I said, dejected. “I’ll summon the enderdragon…” A malicious smile grew across his face.
“Excellent…” he jeered, then glanced at Witanos. “Release him.”
“Yes, my king.” Witanos replied and removed his foot from my back, allowing me to push myself up. But then, he quickly drew his weapon and held it up to my chin. “Sheath your blade. Now.” He ordered. I sighed and put the Sword of Heroes back into my inventory.
“Good…” Herobrine grinned. “Now then, here’s what you are to do.” He waited in silence, and I realized he was waiting on me. I shuffled forward and went up to him, glaring at him balefully. He brought out four weird objects. They looked like crystals stored inside glass panes. He handed them to me. The crystals were glowing a purple aura, similar to enchanted objects.
“You are to go over to that portal-” he pointed over to a fountain that appeared to made of… bedrock? “-and you are to place these four crystals on each side of the portal. If you try to escape with the crystals, I will order the execution of your sister and pig. It will be in your best interest to do as I say, and I may allow you three to go back to the Overworld before I unleash the dragon.” He assured, a confident smirk plastered across his face.
	Dejectedly, I walked over to the bedrock fountain portal, not even looking back at Alex. I climbed up the portal and was surprised to see that it was still active, but knew that jumping through would be the end of my two closest friends.
	Crystals in hand, I placed them along each side. The moment they touched the bedrock, they transformed into the same levitating crystals that were at the top of the obsidian towers.
	When I had finally placed all four crystals, they each shot a magical beam into the sky. Immediately, the sky was filled with light from the beams as the crystals at the top of each tower shot their own beams of magical energy up. All the beams met at a point directly above the portal. I could hear crackling from somewhere, though I couldn’t tell the source. As far as I could tell, it seemed to come from all around us. The End became filled with a hostile energy that invaded my body and left me feeling pains similar to swords stabbing through my body. I could hear Herobrine behind me, laughing maniacally. And then, finally, it was all over as a deafening roar blasted across the sky.
	I watched as a massive beast appeared in a ball of light from where the beams met. The monster began to fly around, surveying us. It roared angrily, and then soared straight down at me. I shouted in terror and jumped away from the portal and the enderdragon landed on it, letting out a very powerful and dominant roar. It eyed us with a look of excitement as it anticipated a battle was about to begin.
	I saw Herobrine walked closer to the dragon, a smile permanently fixed across his face.
“At least, we finally meet. I, the king of mobs, finally come face to face with you, the legendary Enderdragon.” He declared, “I have awaited this day for twenty years! And now, you will work for me!” he ordered and raised his fist, sending a faint white aura at the dragon. The monster staggered back slightly as the aura hit it, but then jumped down from the portal and landed in front of Herobrine, then bowed its head. Unlike the endermen, its eyes were still their normal shade of purple, which told me he hadn’t taken control of it. Rather, he seemed to have manipulated the beast and convinced it to obey him. He began to laugh once more.
“At last… THE ENDERDRAGON IS MINE AT LONG LAST!!!” he bellowed triumphantly. I fell to my hands and knees, my vision fixated to the ground under me. My strength had just abandoned me completely. I couldn’t believe we got so far just to lose like this. “Now, with the beast of the End, we will begin the final step of my plan to dominate the Overworld. We will eradicate the scourge of the Overworld that is humanity.”
“Witanos, take her through the portal. Whether you spare or kill her is up to you. She is of no concern to me now…” The horseman nodded and pushed Alex past the enderdragon. I didn’t look at her face. I couldn’t.
“You… you are going to pay for this, Herobrine!” she yelled.
“Ha, foolish child, I have already won…” he jeered.
“You will pay-” she was cut off as the horseman pushed her into the portal. Then, I heard the portal activate as he jumped in as well.
“Now then. Skellian, I want you to return to the Overworld. Inform my army that I will be joining them with the dragon shortly.” Herobrine ordered.
“Yes, my king.” Skellian clattered as he went ahead jumped into the portal as well.
“You are free to leave until I am ready to return to the Overworld.” Herobrine addressed the dragon. “I wish to have a moment with the so-called ‘hero of humanity.’” The enderdragon let out a loud roar and took flight, leaving just him, me, and my pig, who was still trapped in the grip of a blank-eyed enderman.
	Herobrine went in front of me and got down on his knee, looking smug. He chuckled internally, with a confident sneer.
“Oh Steven…” he said. “You really tried, didn’t you? I must admit, I was not expecting you to get past Skulrein, but no matter. It worked out in the end for me, no pun intended.” I looked up at him, my body filled with hatred.
“Release my pig.” I growled. He smiled.
“Eh, why not? There’s nothing a swine can do to help you in this situation.” He glanced back at the enderman, and it dropped Joey and teleported away. Joey watched us, and I could see he was trembling. His face was filled with trepidation.
“I take it Skulrein told you my motives for bringing down the human race?” I said nothing. “Good. You see, I was their hero. I saved them during the Great Mob War so many centuries ago. Of course, I don’t remember everything about that life, because losing most of the memories of your previous life is an unfortunate side effect of having to respawn. But, I know that I had wanted to help better mankind. However, the humans’ king wouldn’t hear me, and ordered a man-I believe you know him as the Great Hero-to execute me. I swore vengeance once I eventually respawned twenty years ago.”
“People are a lot better than what they were back then…” I growled.
“Are they? I do believe your sister wouldn’t agree with that notion. While you were living a peaceful and happy life in solitary, she was captured and forced into labor within a faction of griefers.” My heart skipped a beat. I didn’t want to believe it. But Alex seemed a lot more serious and defensive than she had been while we were teenagers.
“In the end, I was the hero of the Overworld and the destroyer of mankind. And you were nothing more than a silverfish standing in my way.” He jeered.
“No… You’re no hero. People can change. And I won’t let you destroy their lives!” I shouted as I pushed myself back to my feet and drew my sword. Herobrine growled at the sight of the Sword of Heroes and jumped back.
“So, you will continue to fight, even after you have completely and hopelessly lost?” he questioned. I nodded and went into a battle stance, holding my sword arm in front of me and my other arm behind.
“Very well then. I do have to say that I have been waiting eagerly to do battle with the one destined to challenge me. Especially after what happened the first time we met.” Herobrine sneered as he held both his hands out. A fire charge formed in each of them and blazed powerfully.
“I may have failed to stop you from controlling the enderdragon, but I will kill you before you can set it free into Minecraftia!” I declared, surprised at how confident I sounded. Herobrine closed his eyes and I could see a smile forming.
“Then, let this be the battle for the ages.” Herobrine said as he went into his own battle stance, with his legs open and his arms held on opposite sides of him. He opened his eyes again, and they glowed even brighter than before. My mind went into battle mode, waiting for him to make the first move.
	In an instant, he sprinted at me, faster than I would’ve thought possible. I instinctively ducked and somehow avoided a hit, but then I flew forward as he hit me from behind. As my body landed, I slid until I was stopped by a layer of the pale stone blocks. I groaned with pain, but got back up to my feet and faced him. How had he been able to go that fast? He had become a blur, it was as if he was under the potion effect of swiftness. And he had hit with the strength of an enderman. I wondered if he was actually under potion effects or if he was just that strong.
	I heard Joey squeal a dozen blocks away, cheering me on. He was too afraid to join in the battle, and I preferred it that way. The last thing I wanted was for Herobrine to target him. A single hit from him would likely seriously hurt the pig.
	Herobrine rushed at me again. Time seemed to slow down for me this time, and I could see all kinds of options of what I should do. I ducked under his fist, and then sidestepped his attack when he tried to attack from behind. Then, I swung my sword around in a circle and felt the blade bite against his body. Herobrine shouted in pain as he was knocked back, but used his hands to push himself back and land on his feet. Clearly, he knew martial arts very well.
“Ha ha! Yes! At last, I can feel it! The excitement of clashing against a worthy adversary! You certainly are different from the Steven I met a week ago! You’re more determined and are motivated to fight for your friends. This must’ve been Notch’s reasoning when he chose you!” he exclaimed as he raised his fist and created a fire charge. He then launched the charge at me as he let out a laugh of thrill, but I was quick to jump out of the way. I ran towards him and jumped, bringing the sword down onto him, but he disappeared in a wisp of smoke.
	I could sense Herobrine’s presence appear behind me and ducked under his fist, then quickly swung my sword up at him. He flashed red and was knocked upward slightly, then landed on the ground. I brought the Sword of Heroes down onto him, but he rolled to the side before the blade could hit him. Then, he got back to his feet and jumped up, disappearing from my sight completely.
	I looked up and saw him falling towards me at an incredible speed with his fist raised. Instead of wondering how he managed to jump so high, I quickly turned and ran as fast as I could. I felt the ground shudder as he slammed his fist against it. The impact created an explosion that knocked me onto the ground. I could see blocks flying past me. I groaned as the upper half of my body, along with my feet, ached, while my legs were much less battered, thanks to the armor I did still have. I guessed my boots must’ve broke, leaving me with just my pants.
	I quickly got back to my feet just as Herobrine jumped towards me from the crater he created. He turned his body sideways and landed a dropkick onto me, sending me flying until I struck an obsidian pillar. I was stunned, and everything became a blur.
	Herobrine slowly walked up to me, chuckling to himself confidently. Then, he grabbed me by the bottom of my head, I tried to swing my sword at him, but he pinned my sword arm, and I was unable to move it. Herobrine began to lift me higher. I tried to pull his arm off my neck with my free arm, but it was no use. He was much stronger than I was, and in this position, I had no chance. I was forced to stare down into his cruel glowing white eyes. I was completely at his mercy.
	All of a sudden, Joey came into sight and lunged at Herobrine, knocking him to the side. Herobrine lost his grip on me, and I fell onto my feet. I slammed the Sword of Heroes against him while he was down, causing his body to flash as he was knocked away. He slowly got to his feet, panting heavily. His thrilled expression was gone, suddenly replaced by a nervous look.
“Curses… I am still weak from teleporting into this world, even now…” he growled. “But I can’t… allow you to defeat me…”
	Herobrine ran at me, but I could see what he was going to do. I stepped out of the way of his dropkick, and swung my sword into an uppercut. The blade hit him again, and he fell back onto the ground with a cry of pain.
“This… this cannot be how it ends…” he stammered. “I’ve worked so hard, I can’t be defeated here…” He tried to get up, but I slammed the Sword of Heroes against his side, knocking him back to the ground with a grunt of pain.
“No… I… will not accept this!!” he snarled, panting heavily.
“Herobrine, this is for Howard’s village!” I declared as I readied the legendary sword, and then I ran towards him. I jumped into the air, but right before I could finish him off with a downward slash, a roar erupted from behind me. I then saw massive black arms grab me by the shoulders and throw me away from Herobrine. I landed with a grunt far away from Herobrine and steadily got up.
	Suddenly, the enderdragon landed right in front of me, and let loose a ferocious roar into the End sky. It looked enraged, and I watched as a purple liquid foam of some sort began to form in its mouth.
	Unnerved, but still not willing to give up, I charged at the beast, concentrating on seeing what it would do before I attacked. The beast swung its huge arm at me, but I managed to stop myself before I got within range. Then, the beast raised its long neck and head as if charging for some kind of attack.
	The dragon brought its head back down and fired a massive purple charge of some sort at me. I was quickly reminded of ghasts and slammed my sword against the charge, but found that instead of it being deflected, it exploded, covering me in a sour-smelling haze.
	After a second, the haze began to burn into my flesh, and I tried to shout in pain, but couldn’t breathe. I ran away from the purple haze as fast as I could. Soon, the sensation began to subside, and I could breathe again.
	I ran back at the dragon and slashed my sword against its hide. It flashed red, but hardly even let out a pained grunt. The beast tried to crush me with its arm, but I jumped to the side and landed another hit. Then, the beast turned and swiftly swung its enormous tail around. The tail slammed against me and I lost my breath. I was sent flying high above the ground.
	I could see that the End wasn’t a sprawling landscape like I had thought it was. We were on a large landmass suspended in the End sky. And I was flying closer and closer to the edge of that landmass…
	I began to cry out in fear. The edge came closer. If I missed it, I was doomed. I held my arms out and prayed for the best. When I felt myself no longer falling, I was filled with relief. My arms were also filled with the worst pain imaginable, and I could barely contain myself. The damage caused from landing instantly sapped me of most of my strength.
	I opened my eyes and saw that I had barely managed to stop my descent. My arms were holding on to the edge. Below me, the End sky went on endlessly.
	Feeling queasy, I struggled to lift myself over the edge, but I couldn’t. I was already feeling weak from all this nonstop fighting, and that fall damage made it almost impossible to even hang onto the ledge. But, I was filled with relief when Joey ran over to me.
“Joey, you have to help me up… We need to finish this…” I told him. He nodded in agreement and raised his front leg for me to grasp. I grabbed onto his leg, and he began to pull back, planting his other front leg to the ground while he used his hind legs to push backwards. I cheered him on while he struggled.
	The enderdragon landed with a thud behind Joey. My companion began to look back, but I told him to focus on lifting me, trying to keep him from panicking. And then, I watched as Herobrine jumped off the beast and approached us.
“My, my, my… How the tables have turned…” he sneered, still looking beat and worn out. “I almost thought that you were going to succeed in killing me, Steven.” He went up to Joey and chuckled. I gritted my teeth.
“Don’t you dare…” I growled. And then, Herobrine kicked Joey, knocking him off the ledge. Joey squealed in pure terror as he began to fall.
“NO!!!” I screamed as I threw my hand out, and managed to grab my partner by the scruff of his back just in time. Due to the combined weight of Joey and me, my other arm began to lose grip of the edge. I could see Herobrine standing over us, a mad sneer stretching across his face.
“Do you know what is down there? Below us lies the Void. I’m sure you may have heard of it. It is a realm of total chaos and complete oblivion. A plane of existence without existence. Everything that enters gets immediately destroyed. And now, you are seconds away from nothingness.”
“You have lost. I have defeated the hero of humanity!” he laughed as he threw his face up towards the sky. “Your creator has failed you, along with the rest of mankind! At long last, I, Herobrine, have won!” Then, he looked back down at me. “Farewell, hero…”
	And then, Herobrine kicked my hand off. I lost my grip on the ledge and we fell. We both cried out and screamed as we were falling.



The End

Or is it?

Have the curtains fallen for the new hero of humanity as he and his pig plunge down into the inescapable Void? Is mankind doomed to fall to Herobrine’s genocidal ambitions? What can Alex do to stop him? All shall be answered in Book Three of A Hero’s Hope…
