The Valley and Beyond

Published by Voldemars Adminis at Smashwords

Copyright 2019 Walter J. Scott


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This book is licensed for your enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to others. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each additional recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author 
Chapter One
Quiet reigned in the mountains, that the wizard, Taynoric, had made his home. The mountains were snow capped year round, but here just below the snow line, was a temperate zone, that was well suited to a lone human who had nothing in common with the ones who lived below. He would not use his power to fight the many battles those who ruled insisted on fighting with their neighbours. Here from his ledge, which overlooked the vast forest, with fields and towns scattered all over, he watched and contemplated the future of the peaceful animals that had lived there for so long, before the men had infested land. 
When Myrian, the dragon came to visit, he would discuss the happenings in the world and on occasion heal a wound that wasn't healing fast enough. The men saw dragons as a threat, not the kind, wise creatures they were. Always attacking them and not knowing, or wanting to know them better. At least here they were safe. Men seldom came up here and when they did, they came timidly, as they were fearful of the power Taynoric had at his fingertips.
It was late on a warm spring day when the large white dragon set down beside the stone house Taynoric lived in. When he came out to talk, the dragon greeted him with a very sad "Greetings my friend. I hope you are well." 
"As well as always, Myrian, my friend. What brings you to my humble lodgings?"
"I come to tell you that men have started to hunt the unicorns. They believe the horns will give them eternal life. Fools only care about themselves and will destroy the world if we do not do something about them. Many unicorns have perished already, and many more are hiding in the forest below. They are hoping with you just above, men will think twice about coming after them. Others are moving to the far northern reaches and will move to the islands when the water freezes over so the swim will be shorter. We dragons are taking as many as we can, but with the men searching and killing what they fear, we too have to be cautious."
"Of course you must. There are too few of you now. Any word from Orion? He was here just a moon ago and said nothing of these happenings." Taynoric asked anxiously.
"He is well. He leads the Blessing in the woods at the base of this mountain. I sense he wants to come to you for help, but he is a proud one. That pride will be his undoing if he is not careful." replied Myrian, adding, "Is there anything we can do for them?"
"There is an old spell, but it is little more than an illusion and it would have to be renewed whenever danger threatens, but it is possible. They would need to be in a place that can be better protected than the open land below here. When you see him again, tell him to come to me. I will discuss this with him. Till then I will have to search my books and find that spell again. It has to be done properly and you my friend can search the land for a small, protected place that will support their numbers. I must start looking for the spell. Farewell Myrian. Be safe. Let me know what you find." Taynoric waved as he went back inside the hut, leaving the dragon sitting there stunned at his abruptness.
Since the sun had set and it was a moonless night, Myrian decided to glide quietly down and tell Orion about the decision Taynoric had made. As much as she preferred to remain in her den, she had to help her friends. It did not take her long to sail down and land in a clearing from which she had room to fight in case men were close. She reached out with her mind and it was not long before Orion reached back.
He was happy that Taynoric would help, but then he never doubted that he would. "I will go up and meet him as soon as I get my Blessing together. We should be safe there for a while and can travel over the mountains if the men follow us. You will find us a protected place?" Myrian said she would and left Orion to do what he had too as she started the search for a place that could be protected.
It was several days before Orion had the Blessing together and they started off to the high mountains. A stream ran along beside them as the forty unicorns blazed a trail through the trees and up to the base of the mountain, where Taynoric lived. The trail had to be narrow, to hide their number, and with man all around, a sharp look out had to be kept. 
Orion put the older ones in the lead, followed by females and their young ones. Then the strong fighters followed, always probing with their minds in case man was hidden nearby. The first night was uneventful and as all settled to rest, Orion went ahead to check the trail, when he discovered a man child, hidden in a small burrow. There were several dead rabbits near it. So, the man child had been hunting, and there was no way past. If he did nothing, the Blessing would be discovered.
He pondered the problem when he got an idea. Orion called to the guards and directed them to circle around and come to him from above the man child. When all were in place the unicorns banged into bushes and bellowed as loud as they could as they approached where the human was. 
The young man jumped up, startled from his sleep. He realized the unicorns were coming right at him and from the sound there were hundreds. He grabbed his spear and ran down toward his village, to get away from the deadly hooves. To his credit, he did not make any noise as he ran to escape what he perceived as extreme danger. He did not know that even though many unicorns had died, they had not killed any man. Even when it would have been so easy. 
Unicorns only wanted to be left in peace and could put up with intrusions of their forest as long as they were left alone. 
Orion was pleased with his ruse, but knew now they would have to move faster or men would come to hunt them. He woke his Blessing and got them moving at the fastest pace possible. It seemed they had succeeded in getting away when the sun set on the second day and they finally reached the high meadow, where Taynoric's hut sat. Most spread out to graze and rest, since they had not stopped since the man child had been discovered. 
Orion laid next to the chair where his only human friend sat. He never knew why, but Taynoric was trusted by all unicorns, and dragons. It was only a feeling that this man would never harm them, but it made him feel safe to be so close to his friend. When all the Blessing had settled, Taynoric rose and went to the trail head. There he raised his arms and chanted some strange words, before he came back and sat again.
"You will be safe here Orion, my friend. For three sun rises at least before the spell wears off. There is a trail through the mountains on the east side of this meadow that you can use if anyone should discover you here. I have never seen a man come from there or go that way, so it should be safe. I do hope Myrian can find a better place before the spell of illusion wears off. She told you what we discussed?" Taynoric asked.
"Yes," replied Orion,"Do you really believe a place like that exists? In this world gone mad."
"Man has not seen the whole world yet, my friend. I have seen places far across the waters that remain open for all. If only these poor humans had the knowledge to know that living in peace is much better than taking whatever they want with violence. They just do not seem to have the brain power of a grasshopper." Taynoric chuckled at the thought.
Orion looked at him puzzled, and asked, "How do you know of such places? Have you seen them in your visions or have you flown there or is that where you came from?" 
Taynoric explained that he had been here for many more years than many men live. He had lived in the forest till more people had come and wanted him to use his powers to make war. When he built this hut Myrian had come and they soon became close friends. With the help of Myrian, he travelled and saw the world before mankind started to leave the place of their creation. 
It was two more sunrises before Myrian returned and she was mumbling about how mankind was everywhere. She had not found a small place, but did suggest that there were forests, water and meadows in the valley nearby, where the dragons called home. They would be welcome and could live there as long as they wished. The dragons of her Parliament would watch the only two passes that gave access, in order to protect them from any human intrusions.
Orion was all for the idea and he and Marion invited Taynoric to join them. They would help him settle in and all could live in peace. Taynoric declined the offer but did say that later he may join them. For now he would stay here to watch this pass, and watch for others that may need a place of peace. Men already interacted with the dwarves in the northern mountains and he knew of the elves in the forest west of here, so it would not be long till they too would be threatened. 
After the last unicorn had gone through the pass Taynoric spoke a spell and suddenly a solid wall of rock appeared where the trail had been. He would enforce the spell again but it would be a long time till then. For now he wanted to travel the land to see what mankind had done to it and hopefully learn more about the men who had come and could not live peacefully. Taynoric found clothes that would hide who he was, so he could travel among men in secret. 
Several days passed before the first collection of huts appeared ahead. The men he had met and spoken with till now, were simple farmers and had no news of what their leaders or kings as they called them were doing. No one was fighting any battles,  thankfully, so Taynoric had to go to their settlements to find out more.
Maybe fifteen or twenty people in this one, Taynoric thought, as he approached the six houses ahead.  A female with two children was hanging clothes. Across the road were four males working the field. They looked up as he got closer and the man closest the road stood and watched, as the others went back to work. 
"Where are you bound stranger?" was all the tall, well muscled man said. He was not attractive but not the worst looking one he had seen. He and his companions wore leather trousers and none had a shirt on. 
Taynoric stopped and looked them over, but saw no hint of aggression, so he spoke softly, saying,"I am travelling to see the world, friend. Is there a place nearby I could get some food and drink?" He leaned on his staff as he waited for the reply.
"Nearest Inn is a days walk in the direction you are going. We scarcely have enough for ourselves thanks to King RaMond. He leaves us barely enough to survive the cold winters here. Hope you have many coins, food will not be cheap. There is a well by the last hut to quench your thirst, but that is we can offer." The man turned and went back to work leaving Taynoric standing alone.
"Thank you for your kindness." He knew it would be this way with all the settlements he came across. Few had anything as their leader took it all, and took them too when he needed fighters for his battles. It seemed it was the same all over. He did not have to go any further but walked to the well and had a long slow drink of the cold water.
Taynoric stayed on the road till he was out of sight from the huts and he saw no one ahead. Then he strode into the bushes and back into the wilderness that he felt so comfortable with. He had sensed he was being watched, but not by a human. There was a small clearing ahead, so he stopped by the berry bush, took a few for a small meal while he waited for whomever was watching. It would be dark in a short time, but he did not want to light a fire, that would attract attention, so he found three stones and cast a heating spell. 
Two eyes gleamed in the dark bush across from Taynoric. He looked up and spoke, "Please join me. Is it you who have been watching me for the last two days?" 
A small unicorn stepped out of the shadows hesitantly. She constantly glanced around as if she expected to see a hunter. "You are safe here young one. Come and warm yourself. You can tell me why you are here alone, following me, a human."
"My Blessing was killed by men. I had no horn so they left me." she replied timidly, "You feel different so I stayed close. My parents had told me there was a man who would help and we were going there, when we were attacked. Will you help me?"
"Of course I will. Tell me your name, and where you were going child?"
"I am called, Celestia. Father called the man, the wizard. I only know he lives in the mountains. Where, I do not know."
"You are in luck child. I know the one you seek and I will take you there. I was on my way to his home myself. You rest, we will start in the morning. That is, if you trust me. By the way, how many moons have you seen child? Can't be many if you have no horn yet." 
As the little white unicorn curled up near his feet, she spoke in a very tired tone, "I have seen three full moons. You seem kind. I am too tired to run." Her eyes closed and she slept.
Taynoric stayed awake and listened to the night creatures chatter, telling each other of any danger or food nearby. A wildcat came to warm by the rocks and mentioned that some of his tribe were heading into the mountains to find a safer home away from the humans that hunted them for their skins. The men did not take the meat and left any killed animal to rot where it lay. It was bad enough they killed young ones, but they killed females who were expecting kits too. 
As the sun rose, Taynoric woke Celestia, who jumped at the sight of the wildcat, who told her to calm down. He would not hurt anyone with Taynoric. The cat went his way and Celestia followed close to the wizard's heels. It was a long walk and Celestia had trouble keeping up to the old man who was now her guide. 
She wondered if she would ever see another of her kind. At times she had tried to talk to her companion, but he only spoke in short simple sentences. She thought he must be unintelligent, until he had stopped by a pond. He had pulled a fish from the water. It cooked in his hands. In her amazement, something told her that, although he had not said it, she had found the wizard. She wondered if that trick was his way of telling her who he was. She doubted she would ever understand the ways of men.
In her time alone, she already knew that the females could be trusted, much more than the men they lived with. She had been hidden by one young female, till the male who was hunting her went away. Although Celestia had said thank you, the female did not reply. So many of these man creatures did not understand simple speech. Maybe if they did, they would not kill so easily.
They walked all day and night with just a short break occasionally for a drink or to eat. It was near the middle of the second day when they came to a beautiful meadow, with a hut near the cliff, placed so it overlooked the land below. There were several wildcats there but this time she did not fear them. 
Taynoric spoke to the cats and after a moment they ran to the far end of the meadow and disappeared through the wall of rock. "Come child, you have to wait till my friend Orion arrives to take you to a safe place. There is a bed of straw behind my home and everything else you need is handy as you can see." 
"My thanks wizard." Celestia said, "Why did you not tell me who you were when we met?"
"What purpose would that have served, little one? Either you trusted me or you didn't. I will tell you, that if you had not trusted me, I still would have made sure you had found your way here. I am not one those dense headed beings, who hunt your kind. Now get some rest. It may be a long time before Orion gets here to take you to safety."
Celestia found the straw and curled up to sleep. Her last thought before her eyes closed was of her parents and how they had been slaughtered in front of her. She had sworn she would never trust another of that species, ever. Yet, she did trust the wizard. Several days passed quietly with the wizard watching the land below the mountain. 
"Greetings, Taynoric." said Orion as he walked up to his old friend. "I hear you have one of my lost Blessing here." He had no sooner spoken the words when Celestia came running up and brushed against him as unicorns do in greeting. 
"I thought I would never see another of my kind. Where did you come from? How many more are there? When can I meet them? Are there more young there?"
"Whoa! Celestia, slow down. Orion just arrived. Give him time to breathe and rest. You will learn all in time and soon you will have time to grow without the threat of mankind. Are all the young ones this excitable Orion?" spoke Taynoric.
"Yes my friend, most of them can be very overwhelming at times. Do you have any of that sweet grass I like so much? The grass in the valley is good but I do have a liking of that which you grow." asked Orion.
"You know where I keep it. Take Celestia and give her some. It may calm her a bit. We can talk after you rest." Taynoric watched them walk behind the house and although he could easily hear their thoughts, he shut them out and continued smoking his pipe, searching with his mind for any creatures in pain or need of shelter. It had become his self designated, calling to save all the beings that mankind pursued. All those within range of his mind at least.
Chapter Two
The valley lay spread out before Myrian. Trees covered most of the valley floor, with the large lake was in the centre. High snow capped mountains circled all, with only the two high passes that allowed earth bound creatures to enter, if they survived the cold and thin air. She stood and shook the snow from her back before settling down again.
For many years only she and her companion had lived here, over looking this peaceful valley. Deer, elk, mountain sheep and many other peaceful creatures roamed the woods, as they always had. The fairies on the island, in the lake, seldom communicated with anyone or for that matter, left the island that she knew of. They just wanted to be left alone and asked that any newcomers be told to stay away.
 The unicorns had moved in to get away from mankind, and settled in on the east side of the lake. They kept to themselves. They had all they needed and were always polite when they communicated with her.  
It had become her job to welcome and care for new comers. Her mate had no patience for talking to others. He said what he had to in very short precise sentences. No beating around the bushes with Thane. She was not sure why, but she did enjoy watching and helping. With the wizard, Taynoric, keeping men from finding the valley in the western pass, the chimera, Karzi, watching over the only other way in through the south mountains, and her mate patrolling the valley, there was little to do. 
The seasons came and went as they always do and there were no intrusions into this peaceful domain. There had been men who came close, through the southern pass, but they always turned back, because of the cold in the high mountains. They were such arrogant, fragile creatures. Only in their own minds were they superior to others. Myrian had never understood them and doubted she ever would. 
Myrian had just eaten a large Modrow that had wandered away from it's herd, when she heard a cry for help. As she reached out with her mind, she saw a smaller red dragon being pursued by many shining man forms on horses. She sprang into the air as she called her mate to help. In a few flaps of her wings, she was over them and with her claws knocked a couple of them from their mounts. 
She was turning for another pass when Thane swooped down and blasted them with flame. The man figures turned in a panic and ran, or rather rode as fast as their horses could go. With them away she turned her attention to the little red one, while her mate kept chasing the silver figures. The small one had immature wings so he wasn't able to get airborne. But why was he here instead of the mountains where he was safe? Where were his parents? She talked soothingly to him till he calmed down. 
He told her his mother was dead and he had been brought to a large stone man place, as a caged animal but had broken out one night and now he was chased for sport. He was sure they could have killed him before but they seemed to enjoy tormenting him. He had no fire breath, his wings were not mature enough to fly so he was at the mercy of these evil creatures. Myrian was not sure what she could do but knew she could not leave him here.
"When you are done, Thane, I have need of you." she called to her mate. "Child, we will take you to our caves till you are ready to be on your own. First I want another to see if he can help you." The little one had no serious wounds but his wings had been damaged by weapons so this one would have to be carried to the mountains. 
Thane was pleased with himself as he told her that he had not killed the men but they did get out of the tin suits in a hurry as he heated them up. "Take him to Taynoric, I want his opinion of these wounds." she told her mate. "Sometimes I think you are worse then these men, you enjoy hurting them. I know that it is necessary at times but you don't have to like it so much. Go take this young one up the mountain."
As Thane pick the young one up and struggled into the sky, Myrian asked, "What are you called young one?" 
"I do not know," he replied. "My parent was killed shortly after I first opened my eyes and have never seen others till now."
"Well we will have to get you a name then. First we will see to your wounds and get you settled at our caves." Myrian saw the meadow ahead and was puzzled by the many camp fires she saw. "Looks like Taynoric is not alone. Place him behind the hut Thane. He will be looked at there." As they landed, the many elves and dwarves camped on the meadow gathered to see the new arrivals. One young female elf approached the young one, beside Taynoric. 
"Well, Alfwerdia, you think we can help this little one?" asked Taynoric
"Of course." she replied, "The spear holes can be pulled together and stitched so his wings will heal, all the other wounds are superficial. But you knew that old man. You saw it before they arrived. Is that not why you wanted me here? He is young and will heal quickly."
"Go get your medicines then and proceed." said Taynoric, "He will stay and rest till he can carry himself to the valley, where he will be taught what he needs to know. I am sure you and your mate will make good parents, Myrian." 
Both Myrian and Thane looked startled at the thought of being parents. They had not even thought of that, but they knew it was necessary if this young one was to survive. "Call us when he is ready to travel," stated Thane, "We will prepare a place for him." They told the young one to listen to Taynoric and he would soon be well. With that they returned to the valley, silently.
Myrian landed at her cave and looked around at the many other openings, nearby. They were all empty and had been for so many years. She remembered her first flight and how all the dragons had been pleased and happy with her. Then the world had been a happy place for all. Then man had come. Now there were no dragons left. Some had left to find a place far away from man and others had been killed as they hunted for food.
"Has my queen decided where the young one will make it's bed?" asked Thane as he landed nearby. "I sense he is very confused, but he is clever. We will have to teach him well. Of course we will need to name him. Maybe we can think of one before he is healed."
"You know the naming must be made before the Parliament. Seems we will have to find another. We need an odd number if we are to form a Parliament and you shall be our leader, my faithful mate."
"I do not wish to lead a Parliament. You know I am not wise enough for that. No we will remain a small band till a wiser one than us is found. Till then the new one shall have the name, Drachen. It is only right." replied Thane as he flew off to patrol the valley and get out of this talk of leading. 
Gliding low over the lake, Thane caught a glimpse of gold among the trees. He immediately became alert and soared high into the sky. There was a large creature there and he had to be sure it was not hunting the unicorns. From below came the words, "No, my watchful dragon. I am here to seek what you and your friends here seek. A peaceful place away from the infestation of mankind. There is a clearing on the bottom side of this water. Meet me there and we shall talk."
Thane agreed. He sent an alert, to put Myrian on guard, as he circled to land in the large clearing. He no sooner set his feet down when a large creature, with two heads of an eagle, on the body of a lion, stepped out of the trees and spread his large wings. "That feels better. I do enjoy a walk in the forest, but my wings get so stiff without use."
The creature bent one knee and dipped his head, in a bow as he spoke, "I am Karzir. I have come from far at the request of my friend, Taynoric. He wishes to protect this place from the human infestation. If it were my choice I would destroy them all. You must be the guardian of the south pass. I sense a hatred of humans in you too. Why do you not do as your feelings say you wish to?"
Thane was a bit taken aback by this forward and seemingly arrogant chimera. "I do what I must to protect my home and all who live in it. I do not have time to chase insects across the countryside." he snapped back. "Who does Taynoric think he is, bringing unneeded creatures here without telling anyone? He needs to be talked with about this." 
"Do not blame him young one. He does not know I am here. He called and I agreed to come but I wanted to see this place first. I apologize if it angers you." spoke Karzir. "It is a wondrous place. Are there others? I have seen only you and a white female, are there more dragons? Other than the unicorns, are there other creatures?"
"Maybe you should ask Taynoric, so he can fill you in on his valley." Thane did not wait for an answer. He sprang into the air and flew to the south east to speak to Myrian about this. He was not happy that Taynoric thought he could run the valley, without at least talking to him. He knew he'd better keep his temper in check. It was not good if he lost control here. 
Myrian had always been able to calm him as she saw into the minds of others and knew if they were being deceptive. The wizard was good at keeping thoughts from him but he never withheld them from her. Myrian was waiting as he landed at their cave entrance. She shook her head and told him to sit and listen, before he spoke. 
Myrian spoke softly and very calmly, "I sensed the chimera was here and have had contact with Taynoric so I know that he has plans for bringing more persecuted beings here so we can protect them from man. He does not do it without thinking Thane. We have much to offer here and since there is no other place as protected as our valley, it is only reasonable that we help the lesser creatures. We are not without compassion. We will never be as foolish as mankind. Even if some are as hot headed." 
Thane sat there quietly. He somehow knew that all that was happening was for the best and even though his meeting was a surprise and he had been upset, he knew he could not protect the valley alone, so he should welcome the help. "Have I become so comfortable with the fact that we have been here alone for so long that I have forgotten that others are being hunted and persecuted? Of course we need to help and will do all we can. There will be much fighting when man learns of this place. How will we manage? It is not a small valley and there are so many of those evil men." 
"Be calm, my dear Thane. Soon Drachen will join us and Taynoric has contacted others who are in need of the shelter our valley can offer them. All will be well." 
Thane realized that his mate was much wiser than he and that pleased him. She would make a good leader. He settled down next to her and closed his eyes to sleep. He needed to rest as much as he could. Something in his mind told him that he would not sleep much if the man creatures found this place.
Karzir had startled many elves and dwarves as he flew over the meadow and landed at the shelter of his old friend, who embarrassingly hugged his necks in greeting. One hug he could have lived with but to hug both? He would never understand this man's need to touch in this way. 
They spoke of the many here and where they would go. There would have to be a gathering of the entire group and make sure all agreed to what was to be proposed. Taynoric was waiting for two others to come before he called the dragons and others together but men had come near and it was getting dangerous for them here. He could not wait much longer and was very happy Karzir had finally arrived. 
Karzir reminded Taynoric that when he fought, it was not safe for anyone. Friend or foe. He needed to be sure that it was understood that once he started, it was hard for him to control his lust for killing. Only when hunting was he in control. In battle he went totally berserk.
"Myrian has a way and so it seems does an elf female I have become acquainted with my friend. They will help you control your fiery passions. Do you have need of food? There are several modrow below on the plains if you wish." said Taynoric.
"No I had a feast before I arrived and looked over the valley. Seems the male has a bit of a temper but I know he and I will become friends in time. He is still young. His scales are not fully hardened. Is he a good guardian?" asked Karzir.
"Yes he can be counted on. In time we will have the young one too and when the others arrive we will have all we need in place. For now we should rest and let these frightened ones get to know that you are not here to feed." A chuckle came from Taynoric as he said it.
Elves and dwarves had gathered, at a safe distance watching and staring at the new arrival. Since chimera were so rare, Taynoric doubted any had ever seen one. Only Alfwerdia stepped close and asked if she could touch this creature. Karzir, let out a laugh.  Of course to all it sounded as a fierce roar and they stepped back further. He told her she could but she only stood looking at Taynoric.
"She cannot hear our talk? They cannot mind speak?" asked Karzir. "How will we ever convey our wishes to them?"
"We will take care of that problem later, but for now I will have to become translator. Yes my child, you may touch Karzir. He will help protect you and the others, as the dragons will."
"You hear it Karzir? They are coming. Time to get all together and decide if we will have shelter or do we still keep running. You go and bring the dragons from the valley. I will get these folks out of the way so they are not crushed." 
With that announcement Taynoric walked among the elves and dwarves and started telling them to make room, and decide who would speak for them. Most moved but of course there were a few who were a bit arrogant till others took them to one side. Although Taynoric towered over them, he would never speak down to them or force his will on anyone. He knew that making them understand was much better than dictating. 
Within a short time one elf and a dwarf stood before him. They had been chosen to speak for their people. He knew the elf and was surprised that one so young had been chosen but Alfwerdia was very wise beyond her years. The dwarf he had seen but did not know. It was hard to miss one as tall as he was. He stood a good foot above all the others. He was called Razafaec, the Wise, which was saying lot for a dwarf. He had barely sat them down before a rush of air was felt and two large dragons landed in the centre of the meadow.
Zanda and Madarok sat and look around at the frightened folk. Zanda looked toward Taynoric and asked, "This is why you called us? You do not need us to protect this rabble." Just then Myrian and the others swooped in and landed. Zanda continued with, "You better have more than a good reason for calling us here wizard. You have more here than it would take to conquer a kingdom."
"Hush you old lizard." Taynoric snapped, "You know well I do not call my friends unless it is necessary. So be silent and wait." 
Waving his arms for all to gather before him, Taynoric looked at Karzir, who nodded in understanding, so he climbed on the chimera's back and faced the gathered crowd. In a soft but firm and strong voice he spoke. "Everyone here has a dislike of the humans that have come to our lands. The dragons gathered here have agreed to protect you, but that cannot be done here in the open. Not without loss of life on both sides. For that reason I asked Myrian, the white dragon, to seek a place that could be defended. She has found no compact place but with those gathered here, I firmly believe that the valley just beyond can be defended. I do not wish to start or fight a war with men. I do believe that we can and will live in peace as long as we stay together and work for the betterment of all. There is a spell that will hide the valley from the eyes.  It will not keep others from entering if they are determined. They will not know what is there till they walk through the barrier and that is why I have called for these dragons to assist in protecting the valley."
Taynoric paused to gauge how this was being taken and saw that all were nodding in agreement so he continued, "Dragons can sense and read men very well. They will warn us of trouble and if possible, discourage any of those who would cause trouble. Rather that than kill, but if it comes to that, with their help we will do what it takes to keep man's hatred and greed from this place. I see by your faces that most if not all are willing. I propose that I and Karzir, the one who supports me, take the role of leaders in the protection, with the dragons as guards and defenders. All will be allowed to live in peace but if necessary we would ask you to support us, if it comes to that. Although I can see some of the future, not all is within my grasp. You must all agree. Together we will be strong. Now is the time to speak. If any of you have doubts or questions, give them to your spokes people and have them bring them to me. In five sunrises we will meet again. At that time all decisions will be made and our path will be set. That is all I have to say for now. I must confer with the protectors. Go and speak among yourselves and decide."
Sliding off Karzir's back, Taynoric thanked his friend and asked all the dragons if they were in agreement. In one voice they agreed that it was a good plan and would return in five suns. "No need my friends, you get settled and decide who will do what. I can lead these folks in when the time comes." Taynoric was grateful for having such good friends. "We will see you in the valley."
In a huge rush of air from their large wings all flew back to the valley. In flight it was decided that there were enough caves and all would take part in training Drachen, so he could assist them, now that his wings were mended and he was fit again. Young as he was, he would learn and become a strong dragon in time. He would have good teachers. Zanda was a very old dragon. His large green frame, hid a very large kind heart. He would not tolerate any laziness. 
Madarok was as old and a wise one. A bit quieter and slower to let his temper get the best of him, he could teach the young one, patience. In the years to come it would be needed by all. With Myrian's kindness, Drachen would become a very good addition to the valley. 
As the sun rose on the fifth day, all the fires were out and all were gathered near the stone hut. It was decided. Elves and dwarves could live together and with the dragons they would make their home in the valley. 
Taynoric lead the way. He marvelled at how they left the meadow. Unless you knew there had been camps here you could not tell. The field looked as if no one had been there, with the exception of the hut. As he started down the steep path to the valley, he stopped to let all pass. Then as the last one walked by, he turned and chanted a spell. Then with a smile, he followed the procession, down. 
With a quick 'It is done' aimed at the dragons, he knew he would need to find a home in this green paradise.  
Chapter Three
The encampment on the north side of the lake was filled with daily activity. Cooking, playing, sleeping. Washing was done at the lake but clothes hung all over the bushes around the clearing. The dwarves had found a place to mine minerals and build their village, in the north east corner of the valley, but till that was done, they lived here in tents and shelters they had constructed from nearby brush. 
Dragons flew over often, on their patrols of the valley. In the time all had been here, there had been no intrusions. The wizard had wandered till he found a good place to build his new home. There was a hot pool not far from the lake and nearby there was a small rise that overlooked the lake. It was there that Taynoric would build his home. He wanted to build a stone hut as he had in the meadow, but with the dwarves busy building their own homes, it was the elven wood cutters who constructed the small cabin. Not what Taynoric hoped for, but once he saw the finished cabin, and saw the solid construction, he was very pleased. 
The elves had started on their own town in the north west corner of the valley. There was much activity of building and just daily activities. There were some minor disagreements between the two species, but nothing that could not be solved with a sit down discussion. Most of the activity was in the north end of the valley and it was not long before a deep trail had been worn into the earth from all the travel. 
All realized that a road had to be constructed, in an effort to do less damage to the land. The dwarves set aside a crew to do just that. Bharfaec, the dwarf, volunteered to oversee the construction of a road between the Elf village and Dwarf village, passing in front of the clearing all had started to call the gathering place. He proposed a road that would circle the lake but Taynoric did not want a road near his cabin so that idea was put on hold for the time being. 
It took less then three full moons for the road to be finish. All were pleased with it and knew it would last for a long time. A second stretch south to were the land could be tilled and crops grown, without cutting trees down, was planned for the next year as soon as the snow was gone. One elf, Ayreid, a young farmer, asked that he be allowed, in the spring, to go and acquire some draft animals to assist in the transportation of their crops and breaking the fields to get them ready for planting. It was agreed that all would get a share of the grain that would be stored in each village. Since the villages were not near where the fields would be, it only made sense that some helpful animals would be needed.
Taynoric and Karzir debated letting him go alone, but agreed that one was better than many and if he could achieve his goal, it would be good for all. He did sound very confident and his plan was sound. Taynoric would return to the meadow, and his old hut, while Ayreid was outside the valley and wait for his return. Then if there was a problem, help would be close.
The dwarf village was completed before the first snows fell, and all were amazed that it had been done in such a short time. The dwarves had a party to celebrate. The very next morning many dwarves had gone with the elves, to help them finish their village. With all the help, the elf village was completed in another moon, so all had homes now, and the winter solstice was quiet and pleasant for all. 
For now grain was grown in small amounts and many plants were used to supplement the food supplies so all could make it through the winter, which was much milder than any winter outside the valley. Obviously the mountains kept the heavy snows and cold out of this valley. Storm clouds dropped most of their moisture before they got over the tall peaks. The cold season was short and spring and summers would be good for growing. Just enough rain and plenty of sun, according to the dragons, who had been here for a very long time, so they knew. 
Myrian, who had been put in charge of the dragon Parliament, was very pleased that elves and dwarves could work so well together. She had not realized that they would assist each other. She knew that outside, they did not like each other and were rivals. Here they worked with each other, although there was still a bit of rivalry, it was all in good nature and fun. 
Taynoric went and met with Ayreid when the snows were gone and they walked together. The climb through the pass was cold as the snows never left these heights. It took three suns to get to the top and start down to the meadow. Taynoric sensed a presence. He stopped at an outcrop that overlooked the meadow and saw a couple of figures sitting near a fire next to the hut, which it seemed was being used. 
Probing with his mind he found that he could not read what the figures were thinking but suddenly he heard another mind reach his. It said, "Welcome back wizard.  Come, I will put the tea on." Taynoric knew that these females were most likely witches. Few that he met could hide their thoughts as they did. Ayreid was excited to finally meet real witches. He had heard many stories but never met one.
When they arrived a good looking female held out cups of a dark steamy brew. It tasted a bit minty, and warmed the insides. She wore a black cloak that covered her plain, dark blue dress. They sat on the stumps around the fire and the woman spoke in her soft, firm voice, "I am Shandra. My coven and I came to seek you out, Taynoric. We have heard you have a place that can be kept from mankind and we have need of such a place. Men have pursued us for many seasons and we are tired of running. We do not want to be their servants or slaves. If there is anything we can do for you, we are willing. Will you help us?"
"I believe we can come to a mutual agreement." said Taynoric. "We will discuss it tomorrow when Ayreid goes to get his modrow. Till then let us eat and rest. It has been a long walk to get here."
They all agreed and as the men made beds in the hay shelter, the females prepared the meal. After eating Ayreid went to sleep as he wanted to be on his way before the sun rose. He heard Taynoric and the witches talking as he dozed off. 
He woke, It was still very dark and as he gathered his things, Ayreid realized that he was alone. A couple of the witches were sleeping near the fire and he gathered the rest were in the hut. Taking a cup he had a warm tea and feeling refreshed he headed off down the trail to the land below. It would take at least three days to get to the modrow, unless they had moved to another area. 
It was a very uneventful trip. Twice he had hide to avoid people but none had suspected he was there. The animals had informed him that modrow were moving to the hills in the east and from there they were heading into the mountains. Many had been killed for sport and others taken to the man places. No one knew what happen to them there. Birds saw them in cages, but that was all they knew.
Ayreid was not pleased by that news but he headed in the direction he was told they had gone. Although he knew little of tracking, it was not hard to follow the trail of the large modrow. He did notice footprints of men that seemed to follow and they were not far ahead. It was best if he did not get too close. He would travel past the men at night while they slept. 
Ayreid stayed just off the trail and as the men had a large fire, he was sure they would not see as he quietly crept past them. There were three pack mules tied up near the camp, but Ayreid could not take the chance of being discovered, so they could not be released. When he could no longer see the glow of the fire, he came back out onto the trail and followed it at a faster pace. 
The sun was high in the sky on the fifth day of his search and second day since he had passed the men. In the clearing ahead were at least a dozen of the large, hairy modrow. The males let out a low growling sound as they moved to face him and protect the females, who moved behind them. Ayreid paused and tried to reach their minds, but all he got was a jumble of thoughts. As the modrow pawed their feet, he stepped back to show them he was not an enemy. 
The largest modrow stepped slightly forward. With a snort he charged. Ayreid stepped to the side as he passed. Turning he charged again with the same result. This time as the modrow turned, he stood and looked at Ayreid. "What you want, elf?" Echoed loud in Ayreid's head. 
Well that was strange, Ayreid thought. Before I could not understand them but now I can. "I have need of strong animals, where I live. It is a peaceful place over the mountains where you will not be hunted. You will be treated well and there is much to eat."
"You wait, we decide." replied the modrow. He turned and the males put their heads together and soon they separated. "It decided. We come. I Ak. You?" 
"I am Ayreid. Let us go before the men who are following catch us."
The large herd animals followed as Ayreid lead them toward the pass that would take them to the valley. As night fell they found a clearing where they could rest and feed. Ayreid told them to rest as he went back to see where the men were. He had an uneasy feeling. It did not take long to see the flame from the hunters campfire. He knew they would catch them early the next day. He had till then to find a way to either distract them or discourage them from continuing. 
He thought as he walked back to inform the herd. Even if they walked all night, the trail would be easy to follow so he needed a plan. If only he had a couple of archers with him, he was sure the men would give up. As he told Ak about the men and they would have to fight, as he saw no other way to stop them. 
Ak got the herd together and told them how to organize and what to do when the men came. He told Ayreid to stay at the back so he would be safe. They would take care of the threat. As much as he wanted to argue he knew that it was what he had to do. The night passed slowly and just before the sun rose the females moved to the trees as did Ayreid and the males stationed themselves around the clearing with Ak in the centre laying down, but in such a position, so he could see the trail they had left. It would here the men would come from. 
Cracking of branches were heard as the men approached and then as they spotted Ak, there was a lot of shouting of instructions. Stupid men had not seen the danger of the others at the edge of the clearing. Suddenly as the men stepped into the clearing, Ak got up and bellowed so loudly, even Ayreid shook at the sound. The men froze as they saw the others charging them. Arrows flew as did men. The modrow tossed them with their horns. The men retreated into the trees, thinking they would be safe but the modrow mowed through the bush and men. The battle was short as the few men remaining on their feet fled. 
Ayreid never saw these animals as fighters, but this proved him wrong. As Ak recalled his herd, it was obvious that not all had escaped without injury. Many had arrows sticking in them and two were bleeding profusely from deep sword or spear wounds. Ayreid went around and pulled out the arrows and applied suave to the wounds. If only he had more or was a healer.
A shadow blocked the sun as Zanda landed in the clearing and Shandra slid off his back. She handed Ayreid a large jar and told him to apply it in large amounts. Without question he did while she went to see about the animals with major wounds. They worked till all had been treated and Ayreid looked up and saw the witch with her head against Ak's. When they parted she came over and said, "Taynoric has been watching and sent me to help. I did what I could but those two will not survive. I told Ak. You will need to stay another day here so the rest can heal some and gain strength again. Then you must hurry to the meadow." 
Ayreid thanked her as she climbed on Zandra. They waved as she flew off. It was nice to know he was not alone and had friends ready to help. The modrow circled the two that were mortally wounded and they all let out low hums and when one passed they let out a loud bellow. This was repeated when the other passed just before sunset. These normally gentle creatures were very quiet but the humming continued through the night.
When morning broke Ak informed Ayreid that they were ready to go on. The dead had been pushed to the edge of the woods and as the herd moved after him, Ayreid knew that they would be taken by scavengers to keep the cycle of life going. It took another long day and half the night before they rested again in the high meadow. Ayreid said nothing to anyone. He laid in the hay and slept. 
Ayreid woke with a chill and realized he had his shirt open and a young witch was applying suave to the wound an arrow had left. He had felt the pain but it was only a grazing shot and it did not bother him. He tried to push her hand away and was slapped on the hand for his trouble. 
She glared at him and said, "I am just making sure it does not get infected so lay there and let me finish the treatment."
"What is your name or will I get slapped for that too?" asked Ayreid.
"If that was an attempt at humour, it fails. I am called Nolis. I was a runaway slave till Shandra rescued me." she said as she wrapped the wound. "It will heal totally in a few sun rises. I will let you rest now. Drink this and you can finish your journey when you wake."
"A sleeping potion? Is this necessary, Nolis?"
"It is best you rest more. Now drink so I can go finish my chores." 
Ayreid drank the sweet liquid, and last thing he saw was the girl stand and turn to leave. When he woke again it was dark and nothing but the stars were moving. Modrow laid in the meadow. A couple of girls laid near the fire sleeping. The sky was starting to get lighter and it would soon be time to move on into the valley. 
Ayreid went and sat by the fire where a pot of tea was warming over the dying embers. He had a cup of the strong brew and took some bread that was on a flat stone nearby. As he ate the modrow stirred and Taynoric came and sat beside him.
"You did well child. The modrow told me you showed no sign of being wounded. Impressive for a farmer. You will take them to your village, I gather." 
"Yes Taynoric. That is the best place, unless they want to go elsewhere. It will be their choice as we only need them for pulling wagons after the fields are worked up."
"Then you should be on your way. They are awake and only wait for you to lead them. I bid you farewell child." With that Taynoric stood and returned to the stone hut.
Ayreid got his things and walked through the herd, which rose and followed him across the meadow and down into the valley. It was good to be home again, he thought as he carefully walked down the trail with the modrow following in single file.
It took the whole summer to plow the field to the point that it was ready for planting and Ayreid knew that it would not be a good crop if they planted in the fall so it would be another snowfall before planting would take place. All was ready. A large storage shed and four large wagons had been built by the dwarves and elves, while he was gone. 
South along the east river, the dwarves were constructing a mill that would grind the grain into flour as it was being harvested. The mill would be ready before the next snows and all that was needed was a miller to run it. Ayreid was sure others would give thought to who the miller would be and would only worry about his job of getting the crops planted and harvested. As he headed back to the village with his usual escort of modrow, he knew this would be a beautiful community.
Chapter Four
Days were getting longer, but there was still a blanket of white on the ground when one morning, a great discovery was made. The witches had set up their camp at the big clearing where all gathered for meetings. The modrow had settled near the elven village. Dragons regularly flew above on their constant patrols. The valley was quiet and peaceful, with no sign of any men intruding.
Barely awake, Taynoric was aware of a fuss by the dragons, so many excited voices echoed in his head. He put on his robe, with all intention of finding out what the excitement was, when Karzir arrived and told him they were needed to the east. Getting on the Chimera's back, it only took moments to arrive at the sight of the commotion. Taynoric slid off and was confronted by two young dwarves who prattled on about finding something, but he was not listening. There was a silvery disc in the trees that had caught his attention.
Taynoric turned and looked toward where Drachen was sitting and watching the strange object. "Drachen, are you strong enough to carry these children?" After getting an affirmative response, he said, "Then take them home. I will examine this with Karzir, alone." 
Protesting, the boys did as they were instructed, and as soon as Drachen was in the air, Taynoric, directed all the dragons flying above to go back to their patrols or whatever they usually did this early in the day. He would inform all of his findings. Everyone did as he asked. Soon he and Karzir stood alone before the metal disk.
"Your sight is better than mine Karzir. You see any openings in whatever this is?" asked the wizard. "I do sense a presence, inside. Maybe it is a transport of some kind."
"I see very fine lines at the centre, but there is no handle." replied Karzir.
"My spells do not affect it. Maybe we should try something else." With that statement Taynoric hit the thing with his staff and caused a very loud clanging sound. Hitting it twice more caused it to make a strange noise and slowly a section moved out and formed a ramp.
In the bright entrance stood a man like figure wearing a white robe, only a strange symbol on its right chest adorned it. The being was not tall and had no hair on its head or face. The ears stood out, almost like wings and seemed large. They were pointed like an elf's. It wore no shoes on it's large, three toed feet. Unfolding it's long arms, and spreading them, in a sign of peace, Taynoric heard it say, "We mean you no harm. We are travellers who only wish to explore the creatures you call men. You are one of them, but you are special and would not make a good subject."
"I would not submit willingly to any examination. Who are you and from where did you come? Tell me more about your intention in our valley." Was Taynoric's stern reply.
"I am Zando. We have come to this world from the stars, that you call Centaurus. We have learned your language from others we have examined and now we wish to set up our laboratory here and examine those men on this land mass. We will be here for only one turn of your moon around the planet. It seems other than language there is little difference in them and how they live and react. We only wish to be left alone to do our work."
"As long as you do not harm those here and remain peaceful, I see no problem. My friends are only curious and I will tell them to stay out of your way. You will do what you must in that machine? How many of you are there?" asked Taynoric.
"There are five of us and we will build a laboratory here. Is there a problem with that?"
"Will you take it with you when you leave. We prefer no empty structures to blemish our home. It seems to me that you will not have time to do much if you build this, laboratory, is it?" 
Zando let out a chuckle, or it sounded as one to Taynoric, before he explained, "We have technology beyond your understanding. The building will take no more than one or two sun rises to construct. We will be leaving it here once we are done. We have enough samples to take with us already. You wish us to hide it so it will be unseen, I gather."
"If it must stay here, yes. Maybe you can put it underground." Taynoric stated.
"We will do that as long as you never enter, or interfere with it. We will not tolerate any interference. Although your creatures are strong, we can and will protect ourselves."
Taynoric did not appreciate the insinuation and Karzir growled at this arrogant creature. Taynoric raised one hand to stop his friend and said, "As long as you are gone when the next moon is full again, there will be no trouble. We only want peace. Do what you must and be quick about it." The wizard climbed on Karzir's back and they flew off. He directed the dragons to avoid the area in their patrols but to watch that these creatures did as they said.
The silver disc was going in and out of the valley daily. As they had said, they did not bother or interact with any of the valley's inhabitants. The elves came and went from the fields to prepare them for planting and the dwarves continued their roadwork so the wagons would not sink into the soft soil. With the mill ready and everything in place after a short time the comings and goings of the strange creatures was barely noticed, except by the dragons who kept a very close eye on all the happenings. 
Taynoric had thought about what was going on there, but since he had given his word, he kept his distance. He had found a rise where he could see the fields and grove that sheltered the silver disc. He was sitting there one evening when a bright flash near the grove caught his attention. It was too dark to see but he did sense a scream of pain from something or someone. He was sure it wasn't the creatures as he had not been able to sense their thoughts so it must have been a human. 
Word or not, Taynoric had to find out what was going on. He was met by Zando as he approached the grove. "I wish to know more about what you are doing. What was the flash I observed a while ago?"
Zando looked him over, then with what looked like a smile, he said. "You took longer than any of the others we have met on this world. Come, I will show you and explain so you will understand. The flash was unfortunate but a test subject got out of hand. We could not allow him to tell anyone outside about us. Come and maybe you will understand. You seem smarter than most on this world."
Taynoric followed as Zando went down a slope and entered a doorway that lead to a long hallway. The hallway had pictures of strange creatures in familiar scenes. Street scenes, markets and one that looked like a council meeting. Others showed silver disks and all had a strange writing underneath. A description Taynoric assumed. Along the hall were four doors, three were closed but the last one was open. 
Zando stopped at the open door and said, "These rooms hold our test subjects. They are bare and small, since they are seldom here for long. See for yourself, but do not close the door. There is no way to open it from inside." Taynoric glanced in and saw a white room that was not large at all. He noticed what looked like scratches on the side wall. There was a pile of garments in one corner but nothing else.
"The people you take, do not come willingly, do they?" asked Taynoric. 
"No. We do not ask. They are put in a sleep and then brought here. Most are too frightened when they see us, if they wake, and do as they are instructed, but some put up a fight. Those we put back to sleep as soon as we can," Zando stated as he raised his arm to indicate that they go toward the end of the hall. 
There was a very large room. There were many little doors along two walls. Too small for a man to get into. Maybe they were for storing things, like the shelves that everyone else used. A table made of metal was in the centre of the room, with a very bright light shining down on the female who lay there. Two other creatures stood at the side looking at blue boxes and pushing buttons that were attached to the boxes. 
Zando spoke to them in their strange tongue and they covered the woman with a sheet and she moved to another table that was at one side. No one touched her as she just floated to the other table. Taynoric thought he would like to learn that. He would never have to walk through a stream or walk at all if he could float. The creatures then pushed that table into the hallway. 
"That was one of our test subjects. She will be taken back to where she was taken from and released. We will take all memories of this from her so she will only think she had slept. Now that you have seen this place and what we do. Are you satisfied, we mean none of you harm, Taynoric?"
Taynoric looked toward a door near a corner of the big room. "What is in there?"
"That is just a store room where we will put anything we do not need to take with us when we leave. Right now it only holds some bags of a chemical we found on another land mass. It makes things grow very quickly, but it is of no importance to us. You wish to see?"
Shaking his head, Taynoric, declined the offer. He had seen enough to know these creatures were not what he wanted in the valley any longer than necessary. "You will be done at the next full moon? As you promised," he asked.
"Yes and before we leave, we will bury the entrance so that none will ever know we were here. You did notice that none of the ground above us was disturbed? We know you do not like or approve. We do not wish conflict and will leave as we said we would."
"Good. You are right about how we feel Zando. Only one more question before I leave you to whatever you are doing. The images on the walls. Are they from where you came? Why have them, when all the other rooms are bare of adornment?"
"That is two questions. Yes they are and as travellers who spend much time away from home we do like to have some remembrance of where we came from. Here in the hall is the best place as the other rooms need to be as plain as possible, so that none know anything about us. In the hallway none are awake but us, so no others ever see them. If that is all, I will escort you out."
The sun rose and set as always. The snows had started to melt and flowers and trees bloomed again. Taynoric had found himself counting the days till the strange man creatures left. It would not be much longer. The moon was near full. He would watch them leave from the hill at the fields. The dragons and Karzir would be as relieved when they were gone as he would be too. It had taken a lot of convincing before the dragons understood that they had little choice. These creatures had more power than the strongest dragon so it was best to let them do as they wished and be gone.
The night of the full moon came and went with no sign of them leaving so Taynoric got up the next morning and walked down the hill to where the silver disc was. He had to make sure they left. Halfway to the disc, he saw a shape coming toward him. It was Zando. He stopped and waited.
"Greetings Taynoric. We are just readying for our departure. I wish to thank you for allowing us to work here. We have covered the entrance so none can find it. We have all we need from this world and do not need to ever return. You are what is called a magic user. A great one from what we have learned. Two of those we tested, thought we were your helpers. Nonetheless, this staff is for you. Here in the centre is a button. Point it at that boulder and push the button."
Taynoric hesitated but did as he was told. As he touched the button, a beam of light sprang from the end of the metal staff and the rock vanished. He dropped it in shock. He had heard of such power but knew none who had ever had it. The best he could do was bolts of lightning to frighten, but nothing he knew could destroy rocks.
"It will only work if held straight out and when the button is pushed. It does have a limited life so use it careful and as little as possible. I am sure you will find it useful some day. Again, thank you and please thank the winged lizards too." With that Zando faded and disappeared. The silver disc rose slowly above the trees and then shot so rapidly into the sky, it was almost impossible to follow with the eye.
They were gone and as Taynoric picked up the staff carefully, he sent the message to the dragons. He felt a huge relief from them all. It took the rest of the day, but he walked back to his cabin and placed the staff over the big window. Unless someone knew it was there, it would never be seen. Taynoric wanted no part of anything so powerful. He saw it as a tool of death and he wanted nothing to do with that. As long as there was another way, he would not kill anyone. He was tired and his muscles ached. He needed a good soak in the hot pool. Taking his old wooden staff he set off to get his old bones some relief.
Chapter Five
How did we come to this, wondered Montari as she wiped more wounds with healing suave. We had been peaceful and enjoyed life in the woods and plains of our land. Now we were fighting for a man who gave little thought for anything but himself. No wonder he had become known as 'The Destroyer' by her kind. Even though they were his front line warriors now, they needed to leave and go back to their peaceful life. She did not know where, but there must be someplace they would be safe.
There were many waiting with minor wounds. Thankfully this battle had not killed any more of her kin. Calling to her helper, who galloped over, she continued to bandage up the fighters. She would think more about the future, when she had time to herself. "Get me more wraps and paste, young one. Make sure you do not doddle, Tangye" commanded Montari. This young one was learning but was always distracted by her visions. She would be a great seer one day, but she needed to learn discipline.
Tangye, ran across the encampment, shouting excitedly, "Montari, Montari, look. A dragon. They are still with us. You see it, don't you?" She reared on her hind legs and pointed to a black speck far in the distance.
It was too far to see clearly and Montari looked at the girl. "You did not bring what I asked for. What are you thinking about girl? You are such a silly thing. Now go and get the wraps and suave or I will lock you in the corral." She did not like being so stern but they had a job to do and no time to be looking at the sky.
The young centaur, galloped away and returned shortly with her arms full. "I am sorry Montari, but it has been many moons since one was seen. I do get excited, and really do wish to see one close up. Will you tell me more of the time before? Before the men came and forced us to do their bidding. Before that evil King RaMond. Not now, of course but later, when we rest."
"No more tales of the past. We do not live there anymore. You need to live in the present or you will not live at all. Soon you will not be a child and must be able to help your fellow centaurs. Now, pay attention, so when you get older you can heal wounds." Montari went on with the healing and spoke as she worked. Explaining all she did and why, hoping what she said would sink into the young one's mind.
Campfires were lit and the flames danced in the dark. Tangye lay on her straw bed thinking of the stories she had heard, about dragons flying across the sky. She had been told that they feared nothing and were magical creatures that ruled over a peaceful world. Back then there were no wars, no fighting. Elves, dwarves, and even dragons talked and lived together. Now they seldom saw any of the others, unless they were taking things from them or killing them in battle. Tangye hated this life, but she was too young to be on her own, so had no choice but to stay and do as she was told. The sun was rising and it was time to make the morning meal for Montari. 
Montari thanked her helper and then surprised her by saying, "You can go and take today off. I have to visit the wood elves and get more healing suave. Do not wander far. The woods are not safe. If you hear or see anything report it to Naxin. He will know what to do. And for your own sake child, stay out of trouble." 
With Montari dismissing her, Tangye went to the washing pool and cleaned herself off. Her golden coat almost shone and she got out and shook herself off. Others were busy preparing for the next battle, and she had no one who seemed to care about her, so she headed off to what she called her secret place. It was a very small cave where she could think and had visions in. She would have to be careful as it was near where the last battle had been fought. 
As Tangye made her way through the woods she kept a sharp ear open for any sign, that she was not alone. Even the birds no longer chirped their cheerful tunes. Now all she heard were the sharp cries of danger and warning to others. It did not take long and after walking around the battlefield, which stank from rotting bodies of the dead, she was there. Thankfully the breeze carried most of the stench in a different direction. She lay just inside the entrance and looked out at the bushes that hide the entrance from view of anyone who was passing. 
Her mind went to a strange place. A vision of a hut sitting at the edge of a high meadow. There was an old man walking around and a white dragon. They seemed to be talking. Men cannot speak to dragons or so she had been told. Then the vision changed, to an elf in a clearing with large modrow. They were fighting some men. There was a flash in her mind and suddenly a dragon appeared with a female riding it's back. This went against all Tangye had been taught. Men and dragons together? If only she could sort out what these thoughts meant.
"Calm your thoughts child. You see what has happened in the recent past. I will show you the future but first, Tangye, you must calm your mind and not question what you see."
Tangye sat with a start at the low calm voice. No one had come in and there was no one here now. "Who are you and where are you? How do you know me?" She looked around but there was no one there. Was she losing her mind or was she now talking to herself.
"No child, you are not crazy. I am not there with you. Concentrate on the image of the wizard and dragon. You will see me in front of the hut."
Tangye focused on the earlier image and suddenly she saw a dark figure at the hut. It raised a hand and waved. "Hello young one. I am Shandra. In time we will be friends, if you wish. I have a safe place for you and any others who wish to live in peace. It is away from mankind and protected by those you wish to see so much. I will return to you next time you come to this cave. Now go before you are missed. Do not tell others yet. Wait till I instruct you more."
It was getting dark as Tangye got up and walked back to the camp. A large male centaur approached her as she arrived and looking stern, as he said, "We were ready to send a search party for you child. You know you have to be in camp before the sun leaves the sky. Why were you so late? It is not like you."
"I am sorry Naxin, I fell asleep and just woke. It will not happen again." Tangye held her head so he would not see the smile she had or how she strained not to tell him what she had heard. She hurried to where Montari had her shelter. Although she knew she would be scolded, she would keep her vision to herself and keep doing what she must, till she heard from Shandra again.
Montari looked very upset, but she did not scold Tangye. She only asked if she was alright and hoped her tardiness would not become a habit. She added, "The camp will be moving tomorrow. You will pack my things and take them with the soldiers."
"Where are we going? Will it be far?" asked Tangye. She hoped it would not be so far that she could not get back to her cave.
"You will see tomorrow, now get some rest. I expect you to have everything packed early. I have other things to do and will meet you at the new camp." It was all Montari said. 
Tangye went to her pile of straw and laid down. She only hoped she could get back to her cave once the move was done. Most times moves were a long distance and if that was the case she may have to leave. It scared her as she had no one and nothing of her own. How could she survive and make it alone in the world. Her thoughts and fears kept her up all night. When the sun started to rise, she was more tired then when she had laid down.
As she packed all of Montari's things, she worried more but hurried, and had everything ready as all the others started to line up and move out. She put the travois on her back and followed. Everyone ignored her as they knew her and who she worked for. One warrior fell out of line and let her pass before he fell back in line behind her. He smiled and said, "We can't have a sweet thing like you guarding the rear. Hope you can keep up child."
"I can and will. Why do you care about a servant.?"
"You are an important part of this force child. One day you will be the healer so we need to care for you. You are almost of age and many of the males have noticed. Soon you will have suitors. When the time comes, I would be honoured to be one of them. My name is Nibeb. I hope you remember it child."
They walked with only minor talk about how beautiful the forest was and quiet without the birds constant singing. The the column stopped to rest near a stream for mid day meal. As they started again, Tangye had a vision, of the group laying dead along the trail. She was shaking when she turned to Nibeb and said, "We cannot go this way. We will all die. Please stop them."
Nibeb dropped his load and raced up the line yelling. She could not hear what he said to Naxin, but when he arrived back beside her and held her, he looked into her eyes and told her that they would leave this trail and follow another shortly. Naxin had sent his thanks for her warning.
"He does not question it? He does not know me or what I see in my mind," she asked, looking astonished. 
"You do not notice what is plain to all others. Tangye, we all know about your visions and that they are true. Why do you think we keep you near and always watch over you? I was your watcher on the day you got back late. I stayed close enough to protect you, but far enough you would not see me. No army would put a child in danger unless they needed her and what she saw." He smile as he spoke. "Come we must hurry or be left behind."
As they entered a clearing near sunset They were ordered to rest but no fires were to be lit. The enemy was close and still waiting for them on the other trail. They left the clearing before sunrise and marched on all day, till a large stone building came into sight. Was this their destination? The stone structure stood on a hill with a deep ditch around it and on the side of the hill were many structures that men lived in and called houses, according to Nibeb. The large stone structure was called a castle and there lived King RaMond.
Camp was set up away from the houses and at the base of the hill. After Tangye had set up the shelter and made sure all Montari's things were in their place she went to find straw for her bed. There was none as the men here used it to feed their horses and an animal they called a cow. Guess it would have to be branches and leaves, she thought to herself as she looked around for fallen branches.
As she made her bed, she wondered how she would ever get back to her cave. It was so far now and there were enemies between her and it. With a heavy sigh she laid down and fell into a restless sleep. Her dreams went back to what she had seen. The woman in front of the hut, a man talking to a dragon. Would she ever see that place were all got together without hostility? 
A soft voice came to her saying, "One day soon my child. You will be with us. Sleep peacefully." In her half sleep she smiled and felt a warm, safe feeling wash over her. A feeling she had never felt in her nine years of life. When she woke, she felt very refreshed and peaceful. 
Montari was at her shelter and talking with Naxin, when she approached. She only caught part of the conversation, but it seemed to be about her. They looked at her as she approached and Naxin left. He almost looked embarrassed. His face was flushed. Although she had greeted him, he just walked away. 
"Do not mind him," said Montari, "It seems he has a crush on you and thought he needed my permission to approach you with his feelings."
"I have no interest in him or any other male. Why can't they just leave me alone?" 
"Child you are coming of age and it is natural that males take notice of that. You know that all creatures mate to continue. If you have no feelings now, you will in time. No one will mount you unwillingly." stated Montari, who wondered why Tangye was being so defensive. Any female should be honoured to have a strong male, as Naxin, for a mate. Then again Tangye had not had any examples as she had grown or parents to teach her. She was a child of war and that is all she had known. Tangye had been born the day her sire and dame had been killed by men from the southern kingdom. Montari had raised her, but with all the wounds to heal and constant fighting, she knew she had neglected her upbringing. Tangye would have to learn how to find her place in this life with no preparation from family.
"Montari. I need to talk and you are the only one I can trust. Do you have time?" asked Tangye.
"Speak child. What is bothering you. Not the males is it?"
"No Montari, it is a dream I had." Tangye knew she couldn't tell her it was real so she thought the dream would be best. "I saw a female and male human with a white dragon. They told me to come to them in the mountains. They assured me it would be a safe place and no more warring. Is there such a place? A place with no soldiers and fighting."
"It is only a dream child. We all wish for the time as it was before. Before man came in the large numbers and changed our way of life. I too have a dream like that occasionally. Of course there is no dragon or the two legged kind, but it is a pleasant place." Montari looked down at Tangye, with soft eyes, "It is only a dream, unfortunately. I am sure if there was such a place, we would go there in an instant. Put it out of your mind for now and let us make more dressings so we will be ready for the next battle."
They spent the day getting the dressings ready and after the work was done, she found a fresh pile of straw where her branches had been. There was no hint of who had put it there but she suspected it was a young soldier as he had avoided eye contact all day. As she laid in the soft straw that night, Tangye slept with the images of a peaceful world that had no men.
At dawn she hurried to Montari's side. The men were preparing for battle and she had to be ready to help her mistress. She packed several bags with suave and wrappings in others. When she was done she waited for the orders to go, but she was told that she was not coming. 
Montari took the bags and tossed them on her back and in parting she said, "This will not be an easy fight child. Take my journal and go back to your cave and wait for me there. Do not argue. Just go, please."
Stunned, Tangye stood and watched as the long line of centaurs went along the road and disappeared over the rise, followed by many men in battle gear. No one had ever said, please, to her before. Rather then argue she nodded her obedience. Taking the large book she packed it, with a wrapping and some food. Since she had no idea how long she would be on her own, she took all the bag would hold. There was a short sword hanging on a post and she took that for protection.
As she followed the trail they had taken to get here, she could only wonder why she had to go back to the cave. Why couldn't she just stay here in camp? It was a straight forward trail and she would have no trouble finding the cave once she arrived at the old camp site. Always on alert for the men creatures, she nervously walked all day and through the night, only stopping long enough to eat quickly or take a drink from the streams along the way. 
It was mid morning when she realized that she was there. After a quick dip in the pool to get the dust of the trail off of herself, Tangye went to her cave. The battlefield she had passed before only had skeletons in it now, and smelled less. The birds and other scavengers had picked the bones clean. She picked up a spear and a shield that were laying nearby. She did not know how long she would be alone and remembered the men speaking of never having enough weapons.
She settled into her cave and listened for anyone nearby. The sun crossed the sky and set, then rose again, and again. She longed for a voice, even if it was to berate her. She did not care. She was scared and needed to know she was not alone. She heard the birds and was learning their cries. Most were just chatter between themselves but when they chirped sharply and short, she knew there was danger nearby. Those times she almost held her breath till she heard the chatter of their all clear.
At night she got up and watched the moon and stars as they crossed the sky. It was one evening when suddenly a large tree rabbit was tossed into her cave. She jumped and moved back as far as she could with her short sword in hand. A voice she had heard before seemed to boom at her, "I do hope you can cook child. I am hungry."
In an instant she was up and out. Embracing Nibeb so hard he had to step back and brace himself. As she glanced around at the few who were with him, she asked, "Where is Montari and the others? You are here to bring me back? Why was I sent away? I could have helped. Well say something. Tell me what is going on."
He held her at arms length and with a very sad look said, "They are all gone. What you see here is all that is left of our tribe. We were betrayed and fought our way out. We are all being hunted and must find a safe place away from these greedy men, who cannot be trusted to keep their words. Montari told me you would be here so I had to get you before we leave this country. She cared for you and you were her last thought."
Tangye's legs gave way and she collapsed on the ground, crying. Again she was alone and now she would have to run and hide from all men. Nibeb pulled her up and escorted her to the cave. "Rest here child and we will watch over you. Tomorrow we will talk more."
"No. Do not leave me. Rest here with me. I have been alone too long already. Please Nibeb." 
With a gentle smile he agreed. They laid close and Tangye felt secure. She did not sleep. Her mind was running over all the death and loss in her life. Would it ever end, she wondered. "Yes child. It will end. I have placed your path in your mind. Follow it and you will find peace and safety. I will wait for you here. Come to me and bring all who wish to come. I will send Zanda, to watch over you. He will make sure no men know where you have gone." Tangye felt that warm, safe feeling wash over her and was soon asleep.
The sun was up when her eyes opened. Nibeb was not there but she knew he was not far. She heard his voice and others talking outside. She rose and went out to see what they were doing. One of the females handed her some meat. "Eat child, the males discuss where to go. When they decide we will move on."
She thanked the female. As she ate she walked and stood beside Nibeb and listened. Every time a suggestion was made, it was rejected for one reason or another. "We must go somewhere so let us find a route that is less dangerous than all the others and go. We cannot stay here and be discovered," said Nibeb. "If you have no better ideas, we will go to the mountains. There places there to hide till we find a new home."
Tangye, timidly looked up at Nibeb and asked, "You trust me? I know a place where we will be safe. I see it in my mind."
All eyes were on her. Nibeb looked down at her and spoke with a stern, but kind voice, "You saved us from an ambush and I know Naxin and Montari trusted your visions, so I have no reason to doubt them. Let us pack up and follow our princess." 
An approving cheer rose from all as they moved to gather their things. "One moment my blushing princess," said Nibeb, "You will need this, so you do not hurt yourself with your powerful sword." He wrapped a belt around her waist and slide the sword into the scabbard that hung from it. "There. Now all you need is your crown."
"Quit! I am NOT a princess! I am nothing more than a seer at best. But I do like the scabbard. Thank you kind sir. Shall we go?"
Travelling more at night to avoid detection and quietly, it was three nights before they came to a clearing where a campfire burned. Before it sat a very large and hairy creature. It looked like a man but smelt as if it bathed in modrow droppings. For some unknown reason, Tangye knew he was no threat. She walked in as the others looked around and were ready for an attack. 
The man stood and looked down at them. With the most hideous smile she had ever seen, he greeted them saying, "I Azag. Waited long. Good you come. Sit. Eat. We go when sun come." 
Nibeb whispered in Tangye's ear, "You never said we would meet, whatever this is. Let us move on."
"He is a friend. I did not see this but I know in my heart he can be trusted and will help. Rest and eat. We are far from any danger now. Besides, I never told you but we have been watched over during the whole journey."
"Watched by who? Where? We were careful and saw no one"
"You will see sir. You trust me to get us to safety so trust me till we arrive there." Tangye sat down and took some meat and ate well as the quiet giant watched her. The rest also sat around the clearing and finally relaxed and most got some sleep before the sun came up. 
Tangye talked with the big man all night and from his halting talk she learned he was an ogre who was looking for a place as they were. He was following instructions of a wizard who asked him to wait for her here. As they talked it dawned on her that it was here she had seen the elf and modrow. She knew that up the near mountain was the hut, that was her destination. 
As the sun lit up the sky, a scream of shock came from the females and the males drew their weapons. Tangye stood beside the ogre and told them to calm themselves. The dragon circling down was a friend, not enemy. All moved back so the white dragon could land.
"Nervous bunch aren't you?" said Myrian. "I only came to tell you that your journey is nearly done. Azag will take you to the meadow and there you will find Taynoric who will show you the way. He is human but he has no liking for other men." She looked at Tangye, "You my child have done well. Shandra had to leave before you arrived, but she waits for you in the valley. She sends her regrets and hopes you forgive her."
"The sun is up. Off with you now and I will take Zandra's place till you are in the valley." Everyone was standing, staring at the dragon. In shock mostly till Myrian sprang into the air and shouted back, "Get a move on. I can't wait forever." Everyone got their things and were following Azag along a narrow path up into the mountains, in very little time.
Chapter Six
Mangus looked up the narrow trail, at the ferocious creature blocking the way of his army. He had never seen anything like it, but knew one man did not stand a chance against it. He would have to go back down and make a new plan. Since the creature was so large it could not follow on the ground, and he doubted it would attack alone from the air. He turned his back and ordered his men to go back back to a ledge, not far back, where they could rest and make a plan to get through the pass.
Mangus barked orders to his men who were crowded on the ledge, which ended at a drop that made them all press away from it. Since there was no room for a fire they bundled against the chill on the cold wind that threatened to blow them off, into the abyss below. This was no good. The men worried more about falling than about the creature they had to get past. No this would not do at all. They had to go all the way down.
The army reached the base of the mountain and set up camp. Mangus was not happy but he was smart enough to know that in time he would find a way over the pass and into what was rumoured to be, a large valley, with tons of gold for the taking. As he sat in his tent, mulling over the situation, he called for the boy to be brought to him. 
The boy had been there and could tell him more about the creatures that protected his goal. The child was of age and had joined the army of his own will. As he entered the young man saluted with his head down. "Come and sit. Tell me all you know about those creatures. Is there a way to get past them?" demanded Mangus.
"I, I have n-never seen more than d-dragons. They never bothered with me. This two head c-c-creature I have never seen b-before. I do not know what I-I can tell you, sir." stammered the nervous boy. 
Looking the boy over carefully, Mangus wondered if he was being deceived. He could not trust anyone. He had not become chieftain by trusting others. Mangus ruled with an iron hand and was not going to let anyone know he had any weakness. 
"You will go back. Find out all you can and report to me. We will wait five sunrises. If you do not return in that time, I will consider you a traitor. Now leave me," Magus snapped
The young man backed out of the tent bowing and saluted just before he turned and closed the flaps. Great, he thought. I will get away from this rigid discipline. He often wondered why he even bothered joining the army. He longed to travel and see the world. All he saw lately was camps and mountains. Of course, there was that new creature. It had piqued his interest. At least he would try to find out more about it.
He gathered his pack. Filling it with provisions for the time he was allowed, he strode off. The guard at the edge of camp blocked his way saying, "You have everything you need Ching? Where are your weapons and armour?"
"I will not need them. If I am caught they will not save me. If I am not back in time, I left a letter for my mother. See that she gets it. Only if I am not back. Agree?"
"I will Ching. You be careful. I need someone to beat at draughts."
Ching walked at a brisk pace. He wanted to be in the valley as soon as he could be. It would take time to find out what the chieftain wanted and time he did not have. The sun would be up when he reached the top so he hoped that creature was gone.
He followed the trail that snaked up the mountain, reaching the top of the pass as expected. Standing at the top of the summit and glancing back he barely saw the smoke of the campfires so far below. Turning again he felt a rush of air and a large white dragon landed in front of him. He wished he had brought his weapons, but somehow he knew it was not here to harm him. He searched his memories to understand why he knew that and it dawned on him that his mother had told him stories of a time when dragons and many other creatures walked the earth together. She had said it was a very peaceful time but then man came and brought his greedy, destructive ways.
Suddenly a voice overpowered his thoughts. "Your mother is a wise woman child. Why do you wish to enter our domain? You are a soldier. Only those that come in peace may enter."
"I-I-I wish t-to see i-i-it." he stammered nervously. "I-I w-w-want t-to f-f-ind a h-h-home."
"Child. I have lived many years and met many creatures and men such as you. You really think you can lie to me? Your mother would be ashamed. Now tell me the truth. Please just think the words and I will hear them," the dragon stated while staring at him with her dark penetrating eyes.
Ching knew he had no choice. "My commander wants to get in and get the riches in the valley. I was sent to find out about the new creature here. How to either get past it or beat it." 
"It is good you did not try to deceive me more. You humans cannot kill Karzir. He is too powerful and helps to protect our valley and all who live in it. You were here many years ago. When you were no more than a small child. What you saw then has grown. You harm nothing here and I will allow you to enter. To see for yourself." 
Maybe Ching would not become the deserter. He would get the information that Mangus wanted. Maybe even find the gold. "Thank you dragon. I will not do any harm."
"I am called Myrian. We will be watching child. Be sure you do not."
In an instant he was alone as Myrian flew off. It was too cold to camp here so Ching continue into the valley and found a clearing near a very small stream. He made a small fire and had a meal. There would be three sunrises for him to see and find what he could, before he had to return. He could not see the whole valley, but he could reach where the riches were. If he remembered exactly where he saw them.
As he reached the plowed fields, Ching wondered who was here growing crops. There had been no one at the mill he passed and there were no houses here. Only the large storage building with the wagons in it. He paused and looked around. He would go up the hill and spend the night there. He knew the riches were not far from here. As he lay watching the stars, he wondered what would happen if he never returned to the army. What if he did desert and stayed here. 
No matter how he thought about it, it always came back to Mangus eventually finding him and having him killed. He would not rest until he controlled the world. He ruled the south land and was well on his way to taking over the north. Once he controlled this valley he could attack King RaMond from two sides and that would be the end of it. He would rule the known world. Ching wondered who Mangus would conquer and oppress then. A bird chirped peacefully nearby and Ching lay back and slept.
The sun rose finding the young man heading east toward the mountains and the small cave that was there. The bushes were thick and the trail overgrown but he made his way till he stood before the cave. He laid his pack down and sat on it looking at the rockfall that blocked the entrance. It would take days to clear it. Since he did not have days, he could only report what he had seen and hope Mangus did not have one of his tantrums. 
As Ching walked back to the river he saw there were people working in the fields. Maybe they could tell him about that creature and how to defeat it. He strode toward one, who was standing at the edge of the field. He noticed pointed ears. Maybe some deformity Ching thought. Looked normal otherwise. A bit shorter than most people and almost a female look in the face. "Can you give me some help?" asked Ching as he raised an arm in greeting.
Ayreid, turned and looked at the man who came down the slope toward him. He wore a sword and walked in the manner of a soldier. Very erect and stiff. He was not old but he was of age. He must be the one Myrian had told him of. The one looking for riches of some kind. Why did he raise his hand like that? Men sure had strange customs. 
"I will tell you what I know." replied Ayreid.
"You know the two headed creature that watches the pass? I would like to find out more about it. I was here years back and it was not here then." Ching had always been direct and never saw any reason to talk about things he never cared about.
"Nice to meet you too." said the elf in a sarcastic tone. "I am Ayreid. We farm here. I never saw you before so you must have been here before we came to the valley. The creature you speak of is one of the many who watch and keep peace here. He is Karzir, the chimera. A very good kind fellow."
"You have many more of these chimera? They have no armour, how can they protect you?" queried Ching.
It was obvious what this man wanted so Ayreid would put an end to it quickly. "You, I gather, have never dealt with chimera. What you want to know, you must ask Myrian. If she does not tell you, you will never know." For the first time in many passing of the snows, Ayreid was angry and he wanted no part of it. "Go now and leave us in peace. We want no part of your ways here. I have work to do." 
Ching watched him walk away into the field and hack away at weeds as if he were fighting with a stronger enemy. He knew he would get no more here so he started back along the river trail that brought him here. At least he knew what it was. He had no idea if there were more as he had seen nothing but dragons high in the sky and could not tell if it was one keeping watch or several as they all looked the same to him.
As the path started to rise quickly he saw an old man sitting on a rock beside the creek. He never glanced up as Ching approached. He seemed to be sleeping. He would ask this one about the beast. Maybe he knew more. 
Without looking up, Taynoric spoke calmly but very clearly, saying, "Keep walking boy. Tell your master, Mangus, we have much in this valley, but none of it will ever be his. Neither he nor you are welcome here again. You seek wealth and power. Seek it elsewhere. No need for the sword either son. You would not get it out of the scabbard before Karzir, behind you would take your arm as a snack. Now walk on and deliver my message."
Ching was stunned. He had put his hand to the sword but how did this man who never stopped watching the stream know? He had almost jumped from his boots as he realized the two headed monster was behind him. He had not felt the rush of air from the wings or seen him near as he walked. Ching stumbled on some stones as he kept an eye on the monster and ran from it, as fast as he could.
The encounter had frightened him. He shook in his boots as he panted for air. He sat to catch his breath. The creature had not followed. Looking around he realized he was almost at the top of the pass again. As he drank, a voice in his head said, "Karzir is not a monster, boy. If there is a monster in this valley it is you and your deception. Do not stop long. You can spend the night at the top. We are always watching."
It sounded like the old man. Ching was sure of it when he looked up as the big shadow of the chimera passed over him and the old man waved a staff from it's back. He rose and continued on, at a very brisk pace. The sun had set when he reached the top of the pass and laid down to rest. He was totally fatigued from his close encounter with the chimera. His sleep was restless with visions of the meeting. 
He was awake just as the sun started to lighten the sky. He had just gotten his sleeping fur together when he saw the gleaming eyes of the red dragon, staring at him. He stepped back in fear.
"Stop! You will fall if you do not watch where you step." 
Ching looked down and realized he was less then a step from the edge of a steep drop. Stepping away from it he looked at the dragon and said, "Thank you but why would you care? I have been chased from your valley. Why care if I die now?"
"You silly creature. You have a message to deliver. Unlike your kind we will only kill in defence. We do not wish any living thing harm. We only want to live in peace. Deliver your message and be sure Mangus understands. Now go child and do not return. We watch and guard both paths to our valley." Madarok spread his wings and flew up into the sky and continued his patrol.
So there was another way in. Maybe it was not as dangerous as this one and they could troops up faster. Many thoughts filled his mind as Ching made his way back down the narrow path. Yes maybe Mangus would finally see him as more than just another young scout. Pleased with himself, he reached camp by nightfall. 
Only one tent remained. The young man sitting in front of it raised his arm in greeting as Ching raised his. "Mangus had no faith you would return. He took the army to attack the north. We are to join them at 'Overview', his northern castle. We can leave in the morning and tonight you can tell me about this valley."
"Yes my friend, Antila, there is much to tell." 
They spent long hours chatting as Ching told him of what he saw and how close he came to dying at the hands of the creature. Of course he was sure to make it sound worse than it had been. They drank ale, getting very drunk, till they passed out.
The castle stood on a steep hill overlooking a broad grassy plain. It was a dull grey colour. Since it looked over the countryside, it got its name. There were no towns near it. Supplies came from the town, a day's ride south. Although the plain to the north would support many farms and cattle, it was bare. This was the neutral ground between Mangus and RaMond, who had his castle at the other end of the plain. 
Skirmishes were fought when patrols encountered each other but no major battles were fought yet. RaMond was not a leader who would go to war for more land. He would take it if he could, but not at the cost of his limited soldiers. He held all the land from here to the big waters in the north. He had enough land for now or so it seemed. He kept a very close eye on Mangus and his forces for RaMond knew that nothing short of world domination would satisfy Mangus. 
Mangus had sent many small scouting parties out lately to find and record his oppositions strengths and weaknesses. Since RaMond knew this, he also made sure his men looked strong where they were not and weak where they were strongest. It was not hard to deceive the scouts who were little more than boys. They saw and hurried to report their findings, so his soldiers would move to next position they were needed, as soon as they knew the scout had moved on. 
This game had gone on for more moons than anyone could remember. RaMond had often wondered how Mangus had taken so much when his men were so easily fooled. When he got the news that troops were gathering at the castle he knew the answer would be upon him soon. With all the traps and watery ditches that had been dug, it should take three or four sunrises to get in range. Time enough to get his strong warriors in place. It was too bad his best centaurs had run away. He still had the griffons and a few centaurs. His men numbered at least half those of Mangus. He had trained them well, and as long as they fought as they had been taught, it would be a good battle. They would not be easily overpowered. 
The armies met in fierce hand to hand to hand combat. The fighting lasted for three days. At night there was no battle, since neither side could be sure they were not fighting their own. The dead bodies filled the ditches of water. The water turned red with blood, and the stench of rotting corpses hung in the air, so thick it choked the living. The battle went back and forth, and bodies piled up. RaMond saw that neither side would win. It was time to do something to stop the slaughter of men. 
A Scout was sent under the sign of truce as the sun set on the third day. He carried a paper calling for talks to end the struggle and lay out rules so they could live with peace between them. The King was hoping his enemy saw the futility of this, as well as he did. 
On the dawn of the fourth day, envoys from both sides met and after hours of discussion, a truce was reached. King RaMond ordered his men to collect weapons from the dead and bury the bodies, in pits. He knew it would take many days for the work, but the brave fighters deserved to rest in peace. Since his adversary had taken his army and left, without bothering with his fallen men, who were laying on the field of battle, RaMond had them buried them too.  
Chapter Seven
The dragons had watched the humans battle each other. Myrian had shown Shandra what she saw and it grieved her. All the useless loss of life. She often wondered why men could not get along, why did they need to rule everything they saw? It was a puzzlement. Dragons had a hierarchy, so the old ones could guide and teach peace. Not to take and rule the world. Other creatures too had their leaders, who taught the younger ones the way of life. They got along with others. The only battles they fought were to avoid being eaten by predators. 
Taynoric and Karzir were given full control over who did and did not get to stay. They never tried to say how anyone was to live. Just that they live in peace with others. It was a bit strange that he had not said anything about the boy, Ching when he was allowed in but then Shandra understood that one person alone could do little. The soldiers had made excursions to the top of the pass, but only in two's or three's and they never attempted to go any further. It puzzled her. They were up to something so Taynoric had posted Zanda at the southern pass full time and Madarok was at the western pass, even though the image barrier was still up.
The centaurs kept to themselves in the western pasture, as did the unicorns in the east. The dwarves mined minerals for their forges and made more tools now, then weapons. They had many dealings with the elves and all got along very well. It was time she did one more thing to further unite the valley.
Shandra, went to the elves first and asked them. Then the centaurs were spoken with. Her path would go to Taynoric next. It was the quickest trail to get to those working the fields and lastly she would talk to the dwarves. Going through the bush trail was difficult for her but with a helpful ride from a bear, it was a comfortable trip. She just had to watch overhanging branches or she would be slapped off her ride by them. 
She thanked the bear as she slide off it's large back. She stood on a small rise looking down at the cabin and sensed a small boy. It was not a ghost of the past but one of the future. A child who would never know life. Many winters will pass before he is buried here, but she said a prayer for him. As she turned and walked down toward the cabin, Karzir met her. "Greetings Shandra. What brings you to Taynoric's abode?"
"I would like to tell him about a plan I have and get any opinions he has about it. Is he here? I sense he is but for some reason the vision is not clear."
"He is in deep meditation. He has a plan that will protect us from unwanted intrusions. He asked that I not allow any disturbance. If this is about your solstice gathering, he is in full agreement with it and will be happy to see it's outcome."
"Then I shall leave him and bid you adieu in my native tongue of the green island, I left so long ago. 'Fhad 'sa bhios sinn a' coinneachadh a-rithist', Karzir. May the goddess watch over you."
Shandra stopped for a while at the hot spring to wash the dust off before she continued on to where the fields were. As she walked between the rows of wine grapes, she sensed Myrian. Shandra paused and they greeted each other. Myrian asked, "I like your idea child. Is there anything we can do to assisst you?"
"If you could light the nightly fire, and be present to show all that you are not unapproachable it would be a big help, Myrian."
"That is what we will do then. We will come on the third night at dusk and introduce ourselves after that night's fire is lit. Is that what you had in mind child?"
"That would be ideal. Will that be a problem for the ones guarding the passes? I do not want to leave them out but they do have an important job."
"We will work out the details and all will be there, even if only for a short time. On your way now and beware of the bridge. It seems to need replacing soon."
"Thank you, Myrian. May the goddess watch over you." With that Shandra continue to the river and the rickety wood planked rope bridge across the wide river. Maybe one day it would be replaced with a better crossing. On the other side she saw elves and dwarves sitting next to the field. They seemed to be having their midday meal. On seeing her one jumped up and offered her the stump he was sitting on.
"Thank you Ayreid. How are you this fine day? Crops doing well?" she asked.
"It is good rich soil here. The crops grow very well. We are honored you visit us at work. Would you like some food or drink? What brings you this far from home, Shandra?"
"A drink of your sweet wine for my dry throat, please. I am travelling to all and inviting the residents of the valley to a celebration of Alban Heruin. It will be a held at the clearing we shared before the towns were built. What we now call the 'Gathering Place'. I wish all to bring their crafts and wears, so all can see who is doing what, and we can know each other better. I do hope everyone here will be there. I went to your village and they will come. The centaurs too will be there. Our guardians will also make an appearance. Only the unicorns and dwarves left to see now." Shandra took a long sip of the sweet red wine she had been offered.
"Sounds like a great party will be had at solstice. I would not miss it." Ayreid said with a big smile on his face. Everyone there voiced their agreement.
"I am pleased. Thank you for your hospitality. I must continue my journey. May the goddess watch over you." Shandra headed north along the road that the dwarves had built. It was good to have a smooth wide path to walk on. Her cloak had a small tear from thorns of the bushes she had passed through earlier, but that was a minor matter. It was not far to the meadow where the unicorns met and played.
Just before she arrived at the meadow, she stopped and looked east across the grassy field. There was something evil here. She sensed it but could not clearly see what it was. There were no spirits, just a feeling that lingered. She would ask Taynoric when she saw him again. He would know what had caused this. Turning back to the meadow she continued on. 
She met Orion and they walked and talked about her plan. He was a bit timid about being among others, since unicorns were very solitary creatures, but he said he would tell his Blessing and he would come. That was all Shandra could ask, so she said her goodbyes and went on to the mountains, where the dwarves had made their home.
Razafaec and Bharfaec met her as she entered their village. She was taken to a shelter at the bottom of the caves that dwarves called their homes. It was a very pleasant place for a hole in the rock. A bit bare on the walls but comfortable. They ate and drank as she told them about the gathering she planned. Razafaec saw the benefit of displaying their abilities and crafts. He was not happy that Shandra asked them to leave any weapons here and not bring them.
"We would be naked without our hammers and clubs. We must be ready in case we are needed to fight," argued Razafaec.
Shandra in a very firm tone of voice, "You have not had to fight since you arrived here. The dragons and Taynoric watch over us and if it ever becomes necessary, there will be much warning. So come naked if you must, but come, and have fun with all the others."
With a loud laugh Bharfaec stated, "I like you witch. You are as determined as a dwarf. I will come with my kin."
Razafaec added his agreement. "We will do as you ask. I do hope we can display our knives and other such handiwork. No weapons of war. Just tools of life."
"Thank you for your understanding in this. It will be a celebration of peace. One more thing I need to ask. Bharfaec, you constructed the road and bridge to the elves village. May I ask you to make the crossing at the fields stronger. It has become worn and neglected."
"I have noticed that myself Shandra. I have it on my schedule and it will be done. We have more road to construct. Dragons want a structure, between the passes, for new arrivals. The road will be completed and the bridge will be made solid for wagons and beasts to cross safetly."
"You are a good man. I will bid you farewell now. There is still much to do to get ready for everyone. I look forward to seeing more of your handiwork."
"Not so fast Shandra," snapped Razafaec, as he stood. "It is almost night. You will spend the night with us. A room has been readied for you and in the morning you can continue."
"Seems I have little choice then. Thank you sir. Will you escort me there?" 
The night was filled with dancing and a very lot of the strong brew the dwarves called beer. Shandra took part, but only if she had no choice. She prefered her privacy and longed to be back in her quiet tent. It would be hard enough at the solstice celebration for three days, but it was necessary to solidify the valley as a peaceful home for all.
As she got up in the morning and stepped outside, she saw dwarves laying all over. Males, females and children were sleeping everywhere. Obviously they had drunk so much they could not find their home or they could not walk. As she stepped between and around them she smiled. They had done much more than just drink it seemed. 
She arrived home to a warm welcome from her coven. They were anxious for news about the 'gathering' as they called it. She told them all that everyone had said. She looked around the large clearing and saw the sleeping shelters around the edges and even a heavy wooden platform at the northern end. She was told it was for the dragons. Not big enough for all at once but was large enough for two of them. 
Azag and two others, a young dwarf and an elf, had built it as soon as they had heard that the dragons were to be invited. Azag brought all the huge trees, as the others put them together in a way that would support the weight of the big creatures. There was giggling as Shandra was told of Azag jumping up and down to test its strength and the other two being tossed into the air and falling on the ground when he landed. They added supports in the centre so it would not flex like that again. They had just finished the day before she had returned. 
It had taken Shandra five sunrises to make the trip and there was the ceremony to plan and several other things to do before the longest day arrived. It was less than a moon away now. She gave the coven their instructions and all worked and prepared. They worked so hard that all was done with time to spare.  
All was in place and the coven started to welcome all as they entered. They gave everyone a quick explanation of the shelters and where to set up display booths. There was an area to sit, have meals and converse, cared for by the centaurs and elves. The food and drink was supplied by all and there was no fee. Shandra had made sure all knew that no currency was to be exchanged for anything, but that had always been understood. 
Dwarves, elves and the others trickled in all day long. It was the end of day when Shandra asked anyone standing around to get wood for a fire. There was a large pile in very little time. She and her coven started to dance around the pile when a shriek was heard form above. They stopped and moved to one side as Thane swooped in and lit the pile of wood and zoomed off into the darkness. The drummers started beating their drums as the crowd had gasped at the sight. Soon all were dancing. Shandra and the other witches withdrew to their tents and let all the others dance and have their fun.
Shandra watched elves, dwarves and centaurs, chatting, walking about to see all the displays. It was good and all were mixing well. All except the unicorns. None had yet arrived. She stretched her mind but found no sign of them. With a sigh she went back to her tent to contemplate why they did not at least make an appearance. The day passed and another fire was lit, but this time no one needed to be shown how. Everyone danced and pranced around the fire to the music of drums, flutes and a stringed instrument that one elf had brought. 
The sun was barely above the peaks as Shandra looked out to see some folks stirring and others preparing morning meals in front of their shelters. She sensed a familiar mind. "My apologies for being late, Shandra." said Orion. "I could not convince them all but I did promise I would be here. I brought three others."
"Welcome my friend. I was beginning to wonder about you. I should have known better. Thank you for coming. Please make yourself at home. You will stay till the sun rises tomorrow, I hope."
"Yes Shandra, we will. We have missed much already I gather."
"Nothing too important and I am sure there are many who will wish to talk to you and your blessing. Hope they do not make you to nervous to stay. Enjoy yourself Orion." Shandra went back to her tent for her meal with a very happy heart. All had gone as she hoped it would. If the evening went this well it would be a very good event.
It was well past midday when Taynoric came to her tent and asked to speak to her alone. Shandra dismissed her coven, saying, "You girls go and enjoy the music and dancing. What is it my friend? Let me get you some tea and we will speak." 
"No, Shandra. I will not stay long. I need you to tell everyone that after I cast a spell to take the valley from the time of men, I will not return. It is a spell that will protect the valley for all time. Myrian and one other will be able to breach the barrier. The other is a very old friend who will take my place and watch over you all. She will not be seen often, as she does not associate with lesser life forms, unless it is necessary, but she has a mind that can see and hear all thoughts. A very good replacement. She will appear as you end your blessing of the solstice." 
Taynoric stood and added, "Do not fret about me. I have had a long life already and I know when I leave here, there will be much more for me to do, in another realm. Karzir will return to his home in the high mountains to the south. He only came to help me. Till we meet again, or as you say, 'Fhad 'sa bhios sinn a' coinneachadh a-rithist', my friend."
Taynoric walked out and levitated into the air and perched on Karzir's back as he glided low. They flew off to the west. Taynoric would have to repeat the spell in the four corners of the valley, twice a day for three days, before it took effect. The sooner he started the better. 
Shandra was sad that Taynoric would be leaving but she knew all would be alright. Her mind had seen it. She stood and watched as he and Karzir flew off. Then she gathered her coven and went to where many danced around the fire. She acknowledged Myrian who sat on the platform then stepped out between the dancers.
The music stopped suddenly, as the witches appeared near the fire. As the coven swayed slightly, Shandra stepped forward, raised her arms and spoke, "Alban Heruin is a time of re-dedication to the goddess. The goddess watches over us. She is known by many names. To us she is, Mother Earth. She is the Guardian of the hearth, the one who protects and preserves our peace, the one who stirs the cauldron of inspiration. 
I give honour to You, O mighty one, by all your names, known and unknown. Bless us with your wisdom and give life and abundance to us, as the sun gives life and abundance to your Earth. We make this offering to you, to show our allegiance, to show our honour, to show our dedication to You."
Shandra, then tossed the bundle of grain, she had been holding into the flames and finished by saying, “Today, at Litha, we celebrate the life, and love of you, our goddess, and of the Earth and Sun.”
She and the coven stepped back and Shandra, pointed to Myrian, who raised herself to full height. "My children, it is time you knew all who are watching over you. First I must tell you that Taynoric will be leaving soon." A slight gasp came from many gathered in front of her. She continued saying, "He will be replaced by Zofiya, who is circling above us."
Looking up as one, everyone saw the outline of the huge bird as she slowly circled down. Even in the dark, she was very large, with shiny black feathers. She was obviously much larger than any dragon. "I, Zofiya, will watch over you as Taynoric has. He will be helping others set up more such peaceful shelters. I look forward to meeting you all. Return to your celebrations, my children." With that she soared back up and out of sight.
Myrian continued her introductions. "You all know my mate, Thane." He glided over the crowd and off again. "He is on guard at the moment as are all dragons but here is Zanda, the green, and Madarok, the red. Seems they like showing off," she said as the two glided over on their sides, almost touching each other from opposite directions. "Lastly, we have our youngest, Drachen. He is young, so you must forgive his enthusiasim." 
The red dragon flew over doing loops and fast turns, surprising all there. They gasped at his speed and abilities, then cheered as he almost stopped in the air, before he flew off. Myrin continued saying, "There you have it children. Together I know we can keep this valley safe from all who would harm us. Enjoy the celebration. I do hope we can have this gathering every Litha." 
Spreading her wings she sprang into the sky and was gone. The musicians started playing and the people danced till the sun rose. Morning saw everyone packing up and heading home. Many farewells were said to old friends and new. 
Chapter Eight
He stood tall and spread out and up. In an ancient tongue, long lost to time, he chanted, ''I am Taynoric, released from every struggle and pressure of this world. With my will, I want to make my dream come true and shelter this place. Dear Goddess, the One who listens to our tears and watches our suffering, please give Your protection, as You are highest, above the sky, please protect we peaceful ones, with Your light. I call forth the Goddess of Time, while the time is going by moment by moment, sunrise after sunrise and season after season. Let it be as I say! Bring Time to a stop here and hide us from the evil without. I call forth the Goddess of Time, so let it be! I give myself to you, so this becomes truth." Tossing crushed grain and flowers to the wind, he then knelt and kissed the earth. 
As he stood again he thought, eleven more times, before he would be taken to his next destination. It was still dark when Karzir landed beside the cabin. "I will rest now my friend. I will prepare for tonight's ceremonies." As he entered the cabin, he noticed a small light near the shelf with his spell books. He barely sensed a mind. He sat in his chair and held his hand out, open palm up. "Come and tell me what you wish."
The light came closer and landed on his hand. A soft squeaky voice spoke saying, "We have sensed peace and tranquility in this place. Is there anyplace here where we fairy folk can live in peace?"
"There is a place, but please tell me more. I have never encountered your kind and wish to know about you," spoke Taynoric in his amazement at this small creature that was or at least seemed to be pure energy. Although he saw a human like winged figure, his mind told him there was no form. It was nothing but an illusion.
"We have always been. Helping those whom we can. Each of our kind watches over another, of all species, till they no longer need us. We show a form that is pleasing to others. We do not judge them, but we do not attach to evil minded ones either. All we wish is to live and be. Without interference. We will stay to ourselves and not bother anyone. All we need is a place that others will not enter. You have never seen us, as you never needed our help." The little form glowed brighter as it spoke, and the glow lessened when it did not speak. 
"How many of your kind are there, little one? Are you all here? I gather man has been pursuing you too."
"There are many of us, but we do not take much room. The others wait nearby. We are not being pursued as man cannot see us. He does not believe and once they grow to age, they are bent to evil. Very few are even worth our attention. They have forced us to move many times and we are so tired of always running from their wars. All we want is peace to be ourselves, in a place that does not bother us."
"I am sorry, but am tired my small winged one. Take your people to the island in the lake. I will let all know that no one is to go there. It is yours for as long as you wish. There are no boats and if anyone swims there they will be punished. I hope it suits you. Now please let me sleep." 
Taynoric watched as the fairy floated to the window and suddenly hundreds of light creatures, of many colours, glowed there and all flickered on and off as the stars seemed to. He smiled as many voices thanked him, then suddenly it was dark again, and he laid on the bed and was asleep in no time.
Next day Taynoric and Karzir made the circuit of the valley and repeated the chant, four more times. The spell was taking all his energy, but Taynoric knew he must continue. The next day would be his last so he had Karzir bring Shandra to him. 
Shandra looked at the tired old man and immediately made a refreshing tea. As they sat and drank, Taynoric said, "Take my books child. They will help you and I know you will use what is in them wisely. After today, I have no use of them. There are more in the trunk. Maybe you can make a place where everyone can read them at their leisure. They should be read and not gather dust. The spell books you should keep to yourself. One day you may have need of them. Many dark spells so use them with care."
"I will bring the coven to retrieve them when you are gone. Till then, they are still yours, father. There is talk of a tower being built and am sure one room could be used for a book room." Shandra held back her tears, as she knew this was the last time they would meet. They chatted about the past and her mother who had been killed by men, when she would not do their bidding. She had only seen six snow falls, when Taynoric had saved her from the same fate. 
Till she was of age, there had been no one in her life, other than the constant parade of animals bringing Taynoric messages. Anytime anyone else had come, she had to hide in the underground storage. Even when she went out on her own, she knew she was being watched, and kept safe. Her white magic served her well. It was only in the last few summers that she expanded her witchcraft to the dark spells. 
She had always remembered all she saw and heard. It was a benefit most of the time. There was the incident where she heard a spell, but not what it was for and she had turned a poor unicorn into stone. Taynoric had come to it's rescue and she never again used a spell, until she knew what it did. Now she had all his knowledge and spell books. 
The old wizard had fallen asleep in his chair. She got up, laid a blanket over him and pushed a pillow under his head. She softly kissed his winkled brow, saying "I will never forget you dear man." Then she quietly left. Karzir took her home and she touched his head gently and said, "Farewell my friend, I shall miss you. Be well." 
Myrian watched as Taynoric made his fourth chant on the next day. Karzir had left the wizard and flown away. The old man raised his arms and spoke the chant. Then to her astonishment, he started to glow a bright white until even she could not look directly at him. The light expanded until it covered the sky above the valley. Then it was gone, as was Taynoric. She knew he would go but she never realized it would be like this. Never had she seen anyone disappear without a trace. Some men had the ability to deceive the mind, to hide themselves, but always could she read their thoughts, and know they were there.
Taynoric was gone. No sign of him could be sensed. Zofiya glided over the valley as the sun's last rays peaked over the mountains. Anyone who saw her gasped at the size and how easily she stayed aloft. Barely moving her massive wings, she slowly glided, high above, circling the valley twice. Then with a single stroke of her wings she rose much higher and was gone.
How fragile these creatures were, thought Zofiya. They were injured so easily. She had no idea how they survived. They would surly would go mad, if they tried to leave the valley now that it was out of time with the outside world. She of course being a creature of great power, strength and mind, could pass through to the many different times. She had seen the far distant past, the present, the future. Only five of her kind, that she knew of, remained. Once there had been many Roc, but their time was coming to an end. Of course they lived long, and many winters would pass before her time came. 
Zofiya glided into her nest, on the highest southern peak. From here she saw through the eyes of all the birds in the valley. There was nothing she would not see with the help of her small friends. She thought about her friend Taynoric who was very intelligent and caring, for a human. The humorous look on his face, when she had first met him crossed her mind. If he hadn't kept talking as she took him to her nest, he would have made a good snack. It was his words that had saved his life. 
Her thoughts shifted as she saw the dwarves taking wagon loads of stone across the valley. What are they doing now, she thought. They had built a road around the lake and were gathering at the south west corner to build something. This drew her interest and she watched carefully. 
Bharfaec knew the stone cutters would keep the heavy stones coming and with the elves carpenters laying beams to keep the smaller ones he would use for floors in place it should not be long before the tower was finished. The tents were up and the long days would be active. He did not want to waste anytime. 
The plans lay on the table before him and he had made sure everyone knew their job and did it well. Occasionally a lead hand came to glance at them and then quickly went back. It was good they were making sure it was right. He wanted this tower to support two dragons at once and to stand for thousands of winters without any problems. There would be no mortar, since that made a structure weaker. The stones were locked together with stone keys. This way even the ground shaking would not break them apart. That is why only the best stones were to be used. Anything with the slightest crack or fault would be set aside, after the ground floor was finished. Those could be used in the floor where they would do no harm.
Many folk came to see the work, but they stayed back out of the way. Stone masons worked in shifts smoothing the stones so one lay tight on another. The large kitchen area and entryway were done before all slept on the seventh night. Bharfaec, was having his evening drink as he checked the days work, when Myrian suggested an underground room attached to the kitchen for storage of wines and food. A room had been dug and built but it's only access was from outside. He sighed, because he knew she was right and he had missed the obvious.
Looking at the plans he saw he could expand it to the wall and then stairs could be added but it meant cutting a doorway into the wall. Better now then when it was completed he thought. The elves would put beams in the next day for the floor above so his cutters could do the doorway. He stared at the paper and asked, "Maybe we should build another room on the other side in case we need storage for other things. What do you say, Myrian?"
"That is a good idea, Bharfaec. We do not know what the future will bring. How many rooms do you plan for the tower?"
"There will be four rooms on two floors and then above that will be a single large room, just below the landing area for you. Surely you saw that on the plans."
"I do not know how to read those lines on paper. I only see what your mind shows me as you speak. You should have known that child. You are not without a brain."
Bharfaec smiled and laughed. He knew but he did like to teasingly banter with the dragons. In the morning he informed the elves and cutters about the changes. Without a word in protest, they went to work. With the help of Azag, lifting the heavy front doors into place, all was done to lay stone up and complete the second floor. It was all going quite well.
Early the next day more wagons came and were unloaded so they could return for more cut rock. The wagons had been built strong for the task and had special wheels added so they could take the heavy loads. Bharfaec knew there would be ruts to repair after but for now the tower would receive all his attention. He was amazed and proud that the modrow could pull a wagon by themselves, but to ease the burden he had made sure two pulled each one. There was no point in over working them. 
From here on the work went a bit faster. Except for the one time a beam had broken as it lifted one of the heavy blocks. They lost some time but not much. It took only two sun rises to finish the second floor and since the beams were done before the walls were up, the third was started before they stopped that evening.
The third floor was a bit slower so the cutters doing the staircase could catch up and workers could walk up instead of being lifted by the hoists. The stone for the fourth and last floor was late so all work stopped and the men had a small celebration. News was sent from the quarry that it would be another full day before the stone to finish would arrive.
Even though it did not please Bharfaec, he knew cutting took time. He told the workers who were ready to work the next day, that they could do as they wished. There would be no work. Most headed for the lake but a few just sat around playing cards and drinking. It was good they should have some time off. They worked hard and well. Bharfaec, wandered the tower making sure it was as it should be. He found nothing out of place or faulty. He would achieve his goal of finishing it within a full moon and that pleased him. 
Early the next day the low mooing of several modrow, woke anyone who was not as yet up. Bharfaec stepped out of the tent and looked down the road and saw six modrow pulling all eight wagons, loaded high with heavy stone blocks. The young elf riding on the first animal waved and slid off the big beast and told Bharfaec, "The modrow were tired of all the small loads, back and forth so this is all the rock you requested. All at one time."
As soon as they were unhitched, the modrow left to graze. Their job was done and all but two wagons would be disassembled, till they were needed again. The workers started as soon as the stones were lifted to the top. It would be two more sunrises before all was done, but already furnishings were being brought in and placed. 
The centaurs had completed the kitchen and all the workers now ate in the large dining area of the kitchen. Centaurs prepared and served meals. They had taken over running the tower. Most of the supplies were on the shelves, as were many bottles of wine and several barrels of dwarf beer. There were two female centaurs that had taken over and seemed to be controlling everything. 
Bharfaec had seen that since the tower was in this corner of the valley, a road would be needed to connect with the elf village. The road would then circle the lake and not be close to the cabin Taynoric had wanted isolated. There was a worn trail to the cabin, since all that worked on the tower, went there to swim in the lake, when they had the chance and he too had gone there to soak in the hot pool. 
It would take at least three moons to do the road right, so it would be started right away. It could be completed before the snows came. First a break for all and then the wood cutters could clean the trail. He would have to find a place to pile all the dirt that they removed. It was too far from the fields but there was a low area near the centaur meadow. That would be ideal as long as they agreed. He would be sure to find out while the others rested. 
The snows came early, but the road was completed well before they covered the earth. It was a job well done. Bharfaec walked the road twice. He was pleased with the work. The tower and completion of the road made everyone happy. Although he never fully understood the need for the tower. It was not in a good location to protect anything, should they be invaded. The villages were well away from it, but Myrian wanted it there so she must have a good reason. Dragons were not the easiest creatures to understand. 
The valley was quiet and peaceful. Few if any travelled in the winter. The elves had a festival at the solstice, as did the centaurs. Dwarves just mined or worked on expanding the living caves. Unicorns kept to themselves so much, few were ever seen but Myrian had said some had gone off to another valley that was sheltered as this one was. A traveller had approached from the west but he had been so weak and ill prepared for the high mountain passes that he had frozen before he got to the barrier. Myrian had buried him near Taynoric's old hut. She put up a marker but there was no words on it. 
Myrian hoped that all would assume the wizard had passed and been laid to rest there. Somehow she knew that one day he would return but it was best that the humans believed he was dead. She had scattered many bones of creatures and humans over the meadow in an attempt to discourage any attempts to penetrate the barrier. Zofiya would keep watch and Myrian could rest more until a worthy one attempted to enter. Then she would be needed again, to test and teach the new comer. They had to be tested. None with ill will could be let in. Little did she know that time was to come sooner than she wished.
Zofiya sensed a group of humans were gathering at the base of the mountain. They were planning and making ready to enter the valley, through the south pass. They were full of deceit, and were willing to lie their way in. These men had trained their minds and were quite capable of hiding the truth, even from a dragon. It was not until many years had passed that Myrian would learn to read men's souls fully.   
Chapter Nine
Several winters went by and the valley's inhabitants lived and worked in peace. They had become accustomed to not wearing weapons and stored them in special places at their villages. With nothing to fear and dragons watching over them, the valley was a perfectly peaceful place. 
Zofiya had made trips across the valley and the dragons circled above the pass frequently. Myrian made several trips out but they were not long trips. She and Zofiya had several long conversations. Many men were coming up the pass and although they carried few weapons, there was an air about them that showed Zofiya that something was not right. 
Myrian had scanned their minds and found nothing. They were not farmers, yet they packed all the tools needed to farm. There were young ones and females with them and yet the males treated them as if they were no more than beasts of burden. They had no say or voice in any matters, other than serving the males. Myrian suggested not allowing them in, but her heart softened when she saw how the females and young ones suffered in the cold. 
Zofiya had asked the elves to get wood and building materials for many houses and they started building them on the rise near the fields. She did not know how many were needed but ten small houses should do to start. Zofiya knew Myrian had misgivings as did she, but they would be given a chance. Neither of them sensed any ill will from any other than the one who seemed to lead them.
Myrian told Zofiya, "I will trust your thoughts as I would have Taynoric. We will watch them till we know what they intend. Do we tell them all or let them discover for themselves?"
"No Myrian, tell them nothing, but all weapons must be taken. They can be stored in the tower room. Azag will take them. You know where we have left them material for any building they wish to do. There are small shelters for now and tilled fields. Let us see if that is all they want."
"As you wish. I will have Azag meet me at the top of the pass." The dragon flew to the pass and waited. Azag arrived shortly after. In time the men arrived and in fear, she assumed, they spread out. Pointing spears at her and watching her very closely. 
Azag stood as Myrian said, "Leader. Here come, NOW!" The men startled by his demand, parted enough for a stout man to step in front of them. He indicated for them to lower their weapons and help the rest up to this large barren spot. This man stepped forward, spread his arms to show he was unarmed. "I am Ching. I lead these people. We only seek a place in which to live in peace. Why do you stop us?"
"I am Myrian. Azag and I watch over the valley before you. There are others there already and they do not wish war." said Myrian. "Any sign of hostility will force us to banish you from this place. All your weapons will be given to Azag here. You have no need of them, if you truly wish peace."
Ching was shocked that a dragon spoke to him without a voice. "How will we ever feed ourselves if we cannot hunt? Is there no game here? We must discuss this among ourselves. It is not what we expected."
"Talk. We will be here." Myrian was not sure why, but this human made her nervous. She did not get that feeling from the others and she sensed that one among them was different. A female, but which one she was not sure. 
The males sat in a close circle near the fire they had built and whispered among themselves. The females prepared a meal and served them as slaves. One female watched all the little ones. These mankind creatures sure had strange habits. Myrian did not understand them at all. 
As the sun started to rise on the next morning, the men came and laid their weapons, in a pile before Azag. Ching said, "That is all the weapons we carry. We can keep the tools, or do you want them too?"
"You and your men are soldiers. We will watch you closely. As we will watch you all. You may enter. Follow the stream to where a plowed field in the valley lays, there our crops are grown on. Near there you will find building materials and shelters. If you have need of anything else, ask the farmers. They will help or show you where to get what you need," Myrian said, in a very firm voice. 
The group walked between her and Azag, who watched as they followed Ching down the trail. Once they had all passed, Myrian called to Zofiya. "Did you sense the female. She is different and very special. Whatever happens, she must remain here."
Zofiya answered, "Yes. Within her is a very special one. It will take time for her to shine but she will. She already carries a child, but it will be her second one, that will have a special purpose with us."
Azag picked up the weapons and took them to the tower, where they were to be kept. He did not go back to watch the men. He did not like them, even though he did not know why. His feelings had served him well and he would not stop listening to them. He went to his home in the swamp east of the tower and remained there. It was a peaceful place and made him feel safe. He did not enjoy the company of others as most here did. Occasionally he did go to the tower and talked to the centaurs. They did not fear him, and though nothing was said, he could see in their eyes, they had some fear when he was near.
The humans had always been a warring people, but now these claimed to want peace. Myrian doubted their sincerity, but they deserved their chance. In the time they had built, all the houses they needed with help from a few of the elves. They then asked the dwarves to assist in building a castle. A third field had been plowed and they did plant and care for it. They had not gone to the Gathering at the solstice, but they had strange gods they worshipped.
Ching directed everything they did. It was Lina, his woman that sent out the strange thoughts that Myrian had felt. Lina was half human and half elf. She looked human but her mind and heart held nothing but peaceful intentions. Her child was close to being born, yet she worked along with the others in the field. No matter how hard the work, she did not complain. She had stopped to rest once and was admonished for it. Her man had not cared that she was heavy with child. It was as if the child was of no concern to him.
Myrian had talked to Lina on a dark, moonless night. The girl had not even been surprised or shocked. They spoke as if they had known each other all their lives. Like old friends. Myrian had told her of the hot spring and cabin. It was a good place to rest and as long as no one else went there it was hers whenever she wanted. Myrian would see to it that no one bothered her there. 
Lina conveyed her wish to be rid of her man. He was nothing but an evil brute who did not see her as anything but a convenient slave. He did not care if the child lived, as he had others, with other females. Lina had told Myrian all she needed to know about the true intentions of this man called Ching. Myrian promised her that she would not be alone when her child came. There was an elven midwife and healer close and ready to help. All Lina had to do was call to her and they would be there as fast as the winds carried them.
The boy child arrived on a cold fall evening. Lina was alone when the first pain made her cry out in pain. Moments later she was surrounded by three elves with Myrian watching outside. Lusherina made sure all was well with the child, as she ordered the others to make Lina comfortable and be ready to bundle the child. The tea Lina was forced to drink, took the pain away. A small red glow above her, kept telling her that all would be well. She was relaxed and never felt the child when it arrived into the world. 
When Lusherina placed it on her chest, Lina smiled and kissed the male child. A tear fell from her eye. Lina knew that Ching would take him and teach him how to fight when he was old enough and then she would no longer be necessary. The elves left as quickly as they had come. She heard Myrian, in her mind. "It is a good strong child. You have a name for him?"
"His father will name him. It is their way. I am just grateful he will learn from me for a while. Thank you and your friends." replied Lina.
It was three sunrises before Ching came to see the child. "He will be called Chingis. A good name for a strong son. When you have taught him to walk and talk, he will start training. Teach him quickly woman." The door slammed as he left. 
Lina sat down and wondered why her mother had agreed to this union. He was not a good man. If only her mother had not taught him proper speaking. He had threatened to kill them, but now that seemed better than this life. It is not what she thought she would have. In her dreams she had seen a kind, goodhearted man. One who spent much time with her and their child. She had also seen a girl child. 
Chingis cried and stretched his arms to her. Lina picked him up and put him to her swollen breast, saying, "You are a hungry one child. Eat and grow strong, my son." Alone, she spent her days, feeding her son and occasionally doing what she could in the field with her child in a sling on her back. It was one of these times when Ayreid approached her, "Greetings child, how is it that only you seem happy working the field when your fellows are so glum? I am Ayreid. I am charge of growing the food for the valley."
"I am called, Lina. I think life is too short to be sad. Even when I am not in a good situation, I try to stay cheerful. I believe that everything will get better. My child is the joy of my life and I will not show him sadness. It serves no purpose."
"Have you any education? I sense you are not totally human. You do not show it but you are an elf."
"You are right Ayreid. My father was elf, but mother was human. Before she died, she taught me language and about the plants in the forest. None of these humans know and I wish to keep it that way. They are not kind to any others. I better get back to work. Maybe we can speak again another time."
Ayreid watched as she went back to work with the hoe. He waved and smiled at the child, on her back, who returned his wave. It was strange that Lina did not take pride in being elven, but if humans were not kind to her, it was understandable. A clump of dirt exploded near his feet. He saw Bharfaec on the road, getting ready to throw another. Smiling he walked over to see what he wanted. Farming was not his forte.
Bharfaec looked very serious. "Come we go to shed. Need to discuss these men," he said.
"What is with all this secrecy? We have never needed to hide discussions before. But as you wish." Ayreid was curious about needing to get out of sight. It was not as if anyone was close enough to hear.
Inside the storage shed, Bharfaec poured a couple of drinks. Handing one to Ayreid he said, "The men are not as peaceful as they wish us to believe. They have their castle and are making weapons from the tools they brought. I believe they are planning something. I know both our villages have weapons too but we know and trust each other. I do not trust these men. None trust these men. Centaurs keep away, and even the animals of the forest stay clear of here now. You know how plentiful the birds and beasts used to be here. Now there is one or two only. Even Myrian knows they are being deceitful."
"Yes Myrian has put out the word, but until they make it obvious we are to let them be. You help them by building their castle. If you trust them so little you should let them do it themselves.  At least one of them is not the same as the others. She can be trusted." Ayreid looked over his friend and asked, "We could have talked outside. Why in here?"
With a deep belly laugh, Bharfaec said, "The drink was not outside. Cannot talk without drink. You know that. We help because that is best way to hear any plans they have. Now I must go. Be well my friend."
The two walked out and one returned to the field while the other walked back to his village. Both of them knew that these men were trouble and yet they had done nothing that would threaten others in the valley. 
The small castle was completed. Without the dwarves working, things became very quiet around the village. Only when the elves worked their fields was any singing or talking heard. The humans seldom spoke when they worked their field. They went about their business and seldom bothered with anyone. One or two men went out and wandered the valley. They found the western pass, but they did not climb it. They made notes and drawings as they went. 
It was confusing to them when they returned to the village and there was nothing on the paper. All notes had vanished. Shandra had mastered a spell she found in Taynoric's books. Till Myrian had asked her if she could help she never thought she would use the invisibility spell. It had seemed pointless, but now she was very pleased that the books were in her possession. She had spoken to the men as they passed to learn more about them, but they seldom said more than a mumbled greeting, when they spoke at all.
She was thankful that they, unlike others she knew outside, left her coven alone. The men she knew before had constantly wanted to rape the girls. They had not care about age or the damage they did. Men acted as if it was their right to have any woman they chose. She had worn many disguises to keep herself safe from such attacks. It was the first thing she taught the girls when they joined her, and even though it was not needed here, she still made sure they were cautious around men. 
Taynoric's books contained many dark magic spells and potions. They also had many white magic and healing spells. She spent most of her days teaching her coven, healing spells and potions. She always thought there could not be enough healers. It would be of benefit if any of the girls decided to leave the valley and see the rest of the world. None had shown any interest in leaving, but she wanted them to be prepared. Shandra treated them more as her children than the witches they were. There was one she wished to teach, so she made plans to see if Lina would be a willing student. 
Shandra knew the best time to go would be at harvest. Another person would be little noticed among the pickers. She could sleep in the storehouse as long as she stayed, and if she visited Lina at night, none would even see her. She told Myrian what she wished to do. Shandra smiled when Myrian gave her blessing to the venture. Now she only had to wait for harvest. Till then she would keep teaching the coven.
She was ready when Ayreid came to take her, with the others, to harvest the crops. She walked along with the others, wearing work clothes rather than her usual robes. She saw how shocked they looked at her. One young male smiled at her and handed her a bag for the collection, saying with a smile, "You will need this to look like you belong." 
By the time they stopped for a meal, most had accepted her as a member of the group and they were chatting and sharing humorous stories with her. Although she practised magic and had done no labour for several years, she remembered the hard work she did as a child. She would spend her days working along side them and her nights with Lina. The closer they got to the fields, the more she sensed Lina's kindness among the dark feeling she got from the others that lived in the village. 
For a group of people that claimed to seek peace, there was much darkness from them. As dark as the sky this night. By the light of torches they placed their packs and settled down for the night, in the hay of the storage shed. Shandra knew she would feel better out under the sky but she had to keep up her act. She stepped out after her things were in place. The night air was cool as she walked to Lina's house. Listening at the door, she heard nothing and sensed only a mother and her child. Tapping lightly, Shandra, opened the door to see Lina sitting in front of the fire, holding the sleeping male child in her arms. 
"I am Shandra. I am here to talk child. Do not fear." she said as she closed the door.
"I do not fear you Shandra. You have a kind heart. Myrian told me you would come. She did not say why. Tell me what it is that brings you here."
"Myrian and I sense you are not as these others. You are a special being. Kind, caring, full of love, so I have come to learn more about you and teach. That is, if you wish it. Being half elf you have a large capacity for much learning, including a talent for natures healing."
"My mother did teach about many healing plants and herbs. Father was taken when I was still very young. I was told it was to save us from becoming slaves of the king. I only remember how kind he was and how much he loved mother and me." Lina shed tears as she recalled her early life. 
To Shandra it seemed she needed to speak of it and get all the sorrow out. They talked the night away. There were many tears and hugs. The sun would be up soon. Lina did not want Shandra to leave, she had not spoken like this to anyone. It made her feel good to be able to speak openly with one who did not judge her. They parted with the promise of meeting again the next evening.
When Shandra returned to the shed Ayreid suggested she stay inside and rest, but she would work along with the rest. The day was warm, but the work was not hard for her. Cutting and bundling went well with everyone working together. At one point she saw Lina leave the house and go to the castle. She kept watch, but she never returned. It worried Shandra. 
When evening fell she went to the house and entered. No one was there. A paper on the table had her name on it. Reading the note, she understood what had happened. Lina's man had ordered her to the castle. With no idea when she would be back, Shandra had no choice but to keep up her pretense and hope Lina was alright.
The harvest went well. Ayreid slowed everything down as much as he could but Lina did not return. Too soon, it was time to head home. Shandra was not happy about the situation. She did not get to know Lina as she wanted and now had to leave. Although she was willing to go to the castle herself, Myrian had stopped her. In time she would be able to see and speak to Lina. She just had to be more patient. 
Chapter Ten
Lina enjoyed working with plants and now she had a large garden care for. She had not liked going and not telling Shandra why. She had been called, and ordered to come right away. She had a small room in the castle, where she was constantly under a watchful eye. As if she was a threat to Ching. Even when he bothered to take her to his bed she was not allowed to go without an escort.
Her son was confused by the move, but he was young, and would adjust. He was too young for training yet, but he was taken and watched others training while she was working the garden. On rare days when Chingis was with her, she told him names of plants and explained all nature could provide, as her mother had taught her. He did not understand it all but he was happy when he was outside with his mother. Playing in the dirt and planting flowers. 
It was when the snows fell that she was finally allowed to return to her house and away from the strictness of her master. Most days she spent teaching her son all she could. There would be little time once he came of age and was taken from her. Lina knew the training would be hard and if she was to give her child any survival instincts, she had to do it before then. 
With the short cold days, there was a lot of time to teach and play. Soldiers were constantly bringing wood for the fire and making sure she had enough food. She understood it was so the boy would grow strong. It was late one night that she had the urge to go outside. She did not understand why, as she never went out at night but this day she would. Making sure Chingis was safe and asleep she covered herself with a fur and stepped out. It was snowing lightly. The stars were obscured by clouds and yet it was bright as the moon seemed to light the clouds. Beside the house was a bright, glowing white light. When Lina stepped toward it, the light moved away and disappeared. In her head she heard a tiny voice say, "Come to me Lina. I would meet you. Come, none will see."
She walked behind the house and there at the edge of the field stood a beautiful white horse, with a horn on its head. Lina was in awe. She had never seen such a creature. She walked to it and saw that it was the most magnificent horse she had even seen. The horn almost glowed. To her amazement the horse spoke to her, in her mind. "I am Celestia, a unicorn, not a horse. I have come to see you. I felt you were different and if you ever have need of me, just think of me and I will come."
"Are you alone or are there more of your kind. I have never seen a, unicorn." Lina said as she ran her hand over its mane and neck. "You are so beautiful."
"There are many of my kind nearby. We bond with special humans or others if they are worthy. You my dear, are going to be a very special addition to our valley and I am honoured to be your protector."
"Protector? How will I be special? I am only a halfling who is bound to a man who cares not for anything but himself." Lina looked into Celestia's dark black eyes. "Please explain yourself."
"I cannot say how I know, but in time you will see, you are bound to none. Trust me Lina. You have a greater destiny than being a vessel for that man. I must go, as you must. Your child wakes. Remember, just think of me and I will come when you are in danger." Celestia turned and galloped off to the forest beyond the field.
Lina stood for a moment then hurried back inside to comfort her crying child. As she rocked him back to sleep, she told Chingis of the unicorn and how they had a protector. Soon he was back to sleep, leaving her to ponder why the wonderful creatures she had seen, all wanted to take care of her. How could she be protected from men? She had been told of magical creatures by her mother, but they were just fantasy to entertain a child. Lina dozed restlessly with many questions in her head.
The snow went and Lina made the walk to her garden daily. At least she did not have to stay in the castle anymore. The garden was large and closed inside a wall so only she and the few in the castle could see it. There was a small gate at the back, so she did not have to enter through the castle. She could just walk up from her house and keep it weeded and clean. On a few occasions she had noticed fresh dirt where she had not worked. Someone else had been here, helping her. She did not know who, or even why. She tried to find out but anyone she asked looked at her as if she was crazy. 
One day she was working in the field, when Ayreid came to her and told her that two of the younger elves had been doing extra work. "I thought you should know. They love your garden and mean it no harm. If you wish it, I will tell them to stop." He asked looking at her intently.
Lina smiled as she replied, "No it is good. I saw their good work. As long as they do not get caught. They must be careful."
"They are. They go in at night and by dawn they leave. No one walks there at night, but they stay alert. They are very shy. Is there anything I can do to make your life here easier Lina?"
"You can teach me how to care for the crops better than I have been. I know that yours grow much better than ours, yet the soil is the same. How do you accomplish this?"
"I said easy, girl." Ayreid laugh as he continued, "That will make more work for you. If you are sure then leave the flowers to the elves and spend time here and watch me close. I will show you all I know about getting more from the soil."
Over the growing season Lina watched and learned about adding ground up animal droppings, spacing crops and which plants grow best next to which others. She caught on quickly. Ayreid was very proud of his apprentice when her crops rivalled his the first year. The child played at the edge of the field and was constantly dirty. Lina took him occasionally to the river, and as she cleaned Chingis off, she taught him the basics of swimming.  
Time passed quickly and by the third year, Ayreid admitted that there was no more he could teach Lina. Just as well, as Ching had been sending for her more often. She always returned bruised and in pain. He helped her work in the field, till she could do it again by herself. Alfwerdia had sent herbs and a paste for her. Lina seldom took long to recover from the beatings. She would not speak of what happened. Ayreid told her that she could come to their village whenever she wished. They would protect her.
Lina always declined the offer, saying, she had to stay near and care for her son. If she had tried to take him, his father would stop at nothing to get him back and she had no intention of leaving him, or starting a war here. She knew the dragons and all the others would help her, but she could not live with herself, if anyone died because of her. Thanks to the herbs her pain was gone quickly. The bruises disappeared and no one saw them as she kept them covered with her clothes.
Ayreid had a feeling. One that he had not had, in a very long time. It bothered him so he knew he had to talk to someone. He also knew that Shandra was the best one, as she had much knowledge, that no one else that he knew of, did. He would take time at the next Gathering to speak with her. 
A new white dragon had been seen over the valley. All made the assumption that it would be introduced when it had settled in, but Myrian had not said anything. Neither had any of the others when they were asked. They either ignored the question or brushed it off as if they did not know. Ayreid had discussed it with other in the valley and had even made the trip to see if the centaurs had any knowledge. They were as baffled as the rest. There was sense that trouble was coming. Why else would more dragons come and stay unannounced. 
Shandra had come to the village, to speak with the elders. All listened as she explained that she wanted all weapons of war placed in a hiding spot and their promise to never use them. She had talked to Myrian and Zofiya. They were in agreement that weapons should be melted down for tools of farming or for dishes and utensils as they were needed. 
"The dwarves have agreed to this, as have the centaurs. Although the air is heavy with fear, we must start by showing that we mean what we have said about the valley. It will forever be a place of peace." Shandra looked everyone in the eye before she continued. 
"As you trusted Taynoric before, trust Zofiya and the dragons now. You will be protected. I will let you talk and discuss this, but do not take long. We have lived together too long in peace and I for one, do not wish to go back to the way it was over the mountains." Shandra stood and bowed slightly, but before she could turn, Alfwerdia stood and spoke.
"Shandra, I am not the eldest here but have been given task of high priestess. I will make sure what you ask happens. We came here on the word of a man. We stayed and live in peace. None here have ever been so happy. If you and the dragons say we will not be attacked by the men across the lake, we will trust you. As hard as it is to believe that they will not harm us, we will store all weapons. I only have one question."
Alfwerdia paused and stepped over to place her hand on Shandra's shoulder. "The new dragons. Are they here for a battle?" she asked calmly.
Shandra smiled and replied, "Not unless men start it. They have come to replace one who has gone and another who will leave soon. Let us go eat and I will explain all child."
In the main shelter they sat eating a meal and all the elves gathered around to hear what the witch had to say. Shandra held a chalice up and asked politely for some of the strong red wine. A young male quickly brought it and poured the drink. "Thank you child. Now I can tell you what has happened among the dragon."
"Thane has gone to help others who are battling men. He told Myrian that he would not return till mankind was wiped out completely. He always was hot headed. Since he has been gone Myrian has not been herself. They are a well mated pair so now that others have come, she will go to Thane, and try to calm him again. Myrian did not wish anyone to know and thus, she asked her twin to take her place. It is she who is called Myriansinta, you see in the sky. Her mate Thoragia, will watch over us as Thane had."
Pouring another drink Shandra stood saying, "Now you know all. There will be scary times ahead but I am confident that we will go on and live in peace. Thank you my friends. I hope to see you all at the Gathering." Shandra walked through the crowd and headed back to her home. She had accomplished what she had set out to do. All weapons would be set aside and it was now up to the dragons and Zofiya to protect the peace. On her walk she tried to call Myrian, to let her know, but she got no answer. Strange she thought. I have never had trouble reaching her mind before. 
A call to Myriansinta gave her the answer. Myrian had left to follow her mate. Shandra said a blessing for their safety and late that night before she lay down, she lit two candles for them. As she slept she had a dream of dragons and men battling other dragons. She did not see the outcome but it still sent chills through her. Dragons battling dragons. She could not fathom what power could turn a dragon to fight it's own kind. Putting the dream from her mind, Shandra got up and sat outside to meditate and clear her mind.

Ching sat in his chamber, with his women sitting on the cold floor waiting to be told what to do. After four winters here, he still could not take over this valley. He had fooled all and yet he had no way to control the dragons that watched over the elves and dwarves that lived here. His scouts had found the second pass but although they claimed to have made maps, they never brought any to him. They would have been beheaded if he did not need the men to fight when the time finally came. 
He had only accomplished two of the three goals he had set out. If he could not find a way to turn the dragons to his thinking or kill them, he would fail. Mangus would not be happy. Even his woman had turned against him. No matter how he tried to make her do his bidding, all he had gotten from her was a son. The wizard he had brought was next to useless. He had been able to bring more soldiers into the valley in secrecy but nothing else. The wizard did not have a strong mind to control the scaled beasts.
He dismissed the women and sat pouring over maps and papers. He had to find a way to conquer this place. He could not bring an army in without being found out. He had to find a way to turn the minds of the inhabitants so the dragons had no power here. Dwarves were dim minded creatures. He would start there. Now that his castle was done he would bring them back and have them build an outer wall to fortify it. Every castle needed a wall for defence. He sent a messenger to bring Bharfaec to him.
He could also bring more soldiers in, if they brought more livestock. The dragons would never suspect they were anything but herders. He sent for a trusted aide. As the tall slender man entered, Ching said, " Tangin, I want you to take this message to Mangus. Return with many cattle and other livestock. Bring back more fighters than you need to control the animals. We need more fighters here. I will not sit and wait any longer, it is time we took control of this place."
"Right away, sir." With a click of heels and striking his left side with his right hand, in a salute. Tangin, turned on his heels and left the room. He had been a soldier long enough to know, you never contradict your commander. Not unless you wish to end up in chains or dead. He would prepare and leave in the morning. He had made the trip several times and only on his first trip was he questioned by the red dragon. He had always made the trip alone. Now he had to bring others. The dragons would be curious. They were not as easily fooled as Ching thought they could be. 
The trip would take several sunrises. More, keeping animals together coming up the mountain pass. Maybe he could get a real herder to help with that. He was sure that would be allowed. He put the letter in his pouch and gathered his things. After a good sleep he would leave. He went to his shared room on the ground floor. The others were on duty so he lay down and slept.
Tangin woke early as always and without a word walked out of the castle and down the road between the houses. He greeted the builder, Bharfaec as they passed each other. The dwarf was mumbling something and did not look happy. He never even acknowledged him. Well it was no concern of his. He had a job to do.
He saw Lina, as she came out of her house. She was a special woman. Always pleasant and happy. He never understood why she stayed as Ching's slave. He stopped, asked about her child and they made small talk for a few moments, before he said his farewells. He could not take much time to complete his orders.
It took Tangin three sunrises to reach where Mangus had his castle. He was escorted in and gave him the letter. Then he waited for an answer. Mangus crumbled the paper and threw it into the fireplace. "About time he did something!" Mangus exclaimed. "Get what you need Tangin. Take as many men as you need. Before you go I will send a message to Ching. Now go, and return when you are ready to leave." Tangin saluted and headed to get all ready.

Bharfaec, was led in to the main room where Ching sat on his big chair and wore that silly crown. He may think he is a king but the way he behaved is nothing more than a criminal. 
"You called for me, Ching? What would you like," said Bharfaec, not hiding his contempt for this man.
"You did such a good job on the castle, I would like you to build an outer wall for it." Ching looked over the stocky man in front of him. "Think it should be three times the height of a man and deep, so it will be very strong. Make it with watch towers every ten lengths."
Bharfaec could not contain himself. He roared with laughter at what he was told. Still chuckling he said, "You do not need a wall here. There is no threat here. I don't take orders from anyone, least of all you. You want a wall, use your men but you better be sure Myriansinta allows it. This is and will remain a peaceful place, where all evil will be tossed out." The dwarf turned and walked out.
Ching's face turned red and he fumed, screaming as everyone within range cowered at his rage that a lowly dwarf dared to speak to him in such a way. Most of the yelling was unintelligible, but the death threat aimed at Bharfaec was loud and clear. After a long time he calmed and became quiet. It was as silent as a grave in the hall. Ching was planning his next move. All the guards and all the others who knew Ching well, were thankful they were not the target of his hatred.
Chapter Eleven
The full moon lit the forest as Lina walked with her son. Lina constantly took Chingis out at nights, when she could, to teach him plants, and show him the beauty that the natural world had. Since her son had started his military training, she only saw him at night, and he was normally too tired to do anything. What little time they spent together, Lina cherished.
It had been two moons since Ching had raged at the dwarf and now that there were more men, Lina knew it was only a matter of time before war broke out here. Her few friends had told her not to worry, as the dragons were watching Ching very carefully. They knew his mind. He had been warned, if he continued his war like way, he would be dealt with. 
Shandra had come, with Ayreid, to ask Lina to go to the old cabin with her son. The centaurs had offered to guard them there, as had the elves. They all knew she would be in danger if war started. Lina could not believe that others who did not know her, cared enough to do that. She also knew Ching would track her down, if she ran. She was sure he would kill her and take her son. He valued warriors above everything, and he was determined to make her son a great warrior. Without his army, he was nothing. No matter what Shandra said, Lina would not leave. 
Even Ayreid had no sway on her, so they knew that she would have to be watched, so no harm would come to her. Myriansinta had told them that Lina would play a very important part in the valley's future. Shandra asked, "You wish to remain here, Lina? If the others are sent away."
Lina looked at her and with a tear in her eye, said, "Yes. I want my son to grow and live in peace. This is the only place that has felt like a home." With a heavy sigh she continued, "I will stay with my son, no matter what. If it means leaving then so be it. I cannot let him grow without knowing love."
"Since we cannot sway your thinking, we will go. Know that you are watched and cared for Lina. We will do what has to be done to make this a peaceful place forever." Ayreid and Shandra left her and headed back to their homes. They knew it was in the hands of their guardian, Zofiya and the dragons. They alone would decide what was to be.

Ching was still mad at the arrogant dwarf and made ready to attack their village. His scout reported that no weapons were there so it would be easy to enslave them. He still believed the dragons would not intervene. He had never dealt with them and had no idea that he was about to feel their full fury. 
The men were gathered, with full gear for war. Ching would take all. The women and children would be safe here. They marched out of the caste and down the road, following Ching, who rode the only horse. They had gone only a couple of leagues when a fierce, red dragon landed, blocking their way. "You will go back and make ready to leave this place," he spoke in all their minds. "You are no longer welcome here. We do not tolerate creatures as evil as you." 
Ching looked at the dragon and said, "Get out of our way or you will die, dragon. I take orders from no one, least of all a beast that should be serving us." 
Thoragia raised his head and shot flames over the men. "You dare to dictate to me, you puny worthless human? Do not make threats your men will not carry out. Look around fool, they shake in fear, as they should."
Ching turned in the saddle and saw his men were shaking in their boots and had not even raised a weapon to protect themselves, let alone fight. "Form up and prepare to battle, or I will strike you down myself," he yelled at them.
They raised weapons and formed slowly into their battle formation. "You are the king's soldiers, act like it and not like little children," Ching hollered, berating them. 
"If you do not fear one dragon, How about two or more," Thoragia said as two more landed on either side of the warriors. "Now, leave! Make yourself ready to be escorted from this valley for the rest of time. You have been allowed three sunrises. On the morning of the third you will be on your way, or suffer the consequences." 
Ching's face became red and his sword came out. "Attack!" he commanded and spurred his horse ahead. It leapt forward two strides and turned so sharply, Ching hit the hard road and was knocked unconscious. The men had taken one step forward, then halted as Ching hit the ground.
"Take your foolish leader and do as you were directed." Thoragia was totally fed up with man's foolishness. The less he had to do with them, the better he liked it. He never understood how his mate, Myriansinta, could deal with them as much as she did. 
The men picked Ching up and carried him on their shoulders. They took him back to the castle and laid him on his bed. The physician was left to wake him. Most of the men went to pack everything and told the women to do the same. All the talk was of their encounter and that they had to leave or be killed.
Ching had lost any respect the men had for him. They only obeyed as they knew what would happen if they refused to obey. If Ching did not strike them down, Mangus surely would. It was a fact of life in the army of the king. Ching had to do something that would give him some respect from his men. He sent Tangin to the dwarf village with a message for their leader. He dressed in his finest uniform and went to the proposed meeting place.
Tangin returned and was sent back to the castle to finish preparations to leave. Ching waited. He thought of bring a peace offering, but that was not necessary for his plan. He never thought that there was anyone in his troop, who would not do as he said. In his own mind he was a great leader.
Razafaec had read the letter several times and knew that no matter what it said it would not be a peaceful meeting as indicated. He took two of his warriors with him and had gone to meet the human leader. Strange he would want to meet now on his last day here. He saw Ching sitting on a stone beside the road alone. Just within speaking range of Ching, he ordered his men to wait as he went on alone.
The two greeted each other. Then as Razafaec stepped within arms reach, Ching struck him and plunged the knife, that had been hidden in his sleeve, deep into Razafaec's chest. "That will teach your people to refuse me. I do not take no for an answer." 
The dwarf guards rushed forward and pushed Ching to the ground. As one cared for their comrade, the other held a sword to Ching's throat. 
"STOP!" came a loud voice from above. "Take Razafaec to Shandra, she will be ready for you. Hurry before it is too late." Reluctantly, and after many protests, the dwarves bound their shields together and carried their leader off. Ching squirmed between the claws that pinned him to the ground. He even struck at them foolishly, with his knife. "Fool. Still yourself. You cannot harm me," Myriansinta told him.
"I will release you, and you will go, with your people and leave. NOW! I will not allow you to stay another moment longer." Smoke poured from her flaring nostrils. Ching, more frightened than he had ever been in his life, scrambled from her, as soon as she lifted her foot. He ran back to town and breathlessly, ordered all his men to form ranks and head out. He went to Lina's house, grabbed the child by his arm, and dragged him outside. 
"Form up son. Go with the soldiers. Your mother will go with the women behind." Ching said it so firmly that his son hurried to the side of the ranks as they marched by. Lina tried to grab him back but was blocked and pushed toward where the woman were. 
Lina knew better than to argue, but she would not willingly let go of her son. Ching slapped her hard when she made another attempt to get her son, whom she could see crying as he was escorted along by one of the soldiers. When Ching hit her again and she lay on the ground, Ching felt a burning sensation from a hard slap to his head, from behind. 
"You like?" asked Azag. "I hit more. You not get up. Go. You are no good."
Azag reached out and helped Lina to her feet. "You go in house. Stay here. You very good. Azag protect." 
"My son. I need to get my son." Lina said as she tried to push past the ogre.
"Zofiya say, you stay. Son must go. His fate. Not nice. It is what must be." Azag had a very sad look on his face. Lina did not know those in this valley well, but she did know that seldom did anyone argue with this Zofiya creature. She collapsed on her bed and cried after she went in her house. She never even heard the noise made as the rest were moved down the road.
With three dragons circling overhead, several centaurs following and Azag leading, the people were literally herded along the river and up to the mountain pass. When they reached the top, Azag stepped aside and watched as the rest passed. "Go. Not come back." He snapped at Ching. 
As the last human went from sight the dragons flew off and the centaurs started back to their home. Azag sat wondering why men had to be so cruel. He had been beaten by them and chased from their villages. Only in the forest had he felt safe. It was strange to him, that here, no one looked at him as a monster. Here he was one of them. Even his funny talk was not laughed at. 
Azag got up and started down the trail. A soft voice came to him, "Azag, my friend. You are a child of the goddess. None here will ever judge you for what you look like. They see inside to the good that lies within. You are and always will be loved. You have many friends here. Go to your home, put this sad day behind you. I will watch and seal the barrier." Zofiya landed, and watched, as the ogre's form walked away, with a spring in his step, down the mountain. He was a very kind creature. 
Zofiya chanted a spell and suddenly the valley shook violently. Every mountain, forest and the lake all moved. She felt the fear and shock, of all the inhabitants. Only one never even noticed the shaking. That one was too lost in sorrow and pain to feel the earth move. When the shaking stopped Zofiya went to Myriansinta and explained how she had pushed the valley from the normal frame of time as those outside understood it. Now either one is invited and brought in by either of them, or they do not get in.

Lina did not know how long she had cried, at the loss of her son. A knock on her door startled her. As she opened the door to see Shandra smiling at her. "May I come in?" she asked.
"Of course, Shall I make tea?" replied Lina
"That would be nice, dear. It is a bit dark in here. Let me open the windows so we can see better." Shandra went around opening the shutters and curtains. They sat at the small table and sipped their tea and ate the cakes that Shandra had brought.
"What brings you here, Shandra?"
"I wanted to see how you were child. It has been several days since anyone has seen you and we are worried." Shandra looked closely at Lina as she spoke and knew she was heartbroken over the loss of her child. It was something she had never known. She had seen others who had lost children. It was a pain that forever stayed with females, who experienced it. "I have talked to all, and there is nowhere in the valley, that will not welcome you, if you wish to leave this empty place. You need not stay alone here."
"I am not alone Shandra. I have the many friends right here. There are all my plants in the garden. The birds and small animals. Celestia is always near. The workers in the fields during the growing time. I am never alone. There is another reason I have to stay here. I had a dream. I saw myself very happy, with an unknown man and a child. I saw this house and the cabin by the lake, many times. Till I understand what the dream means, I will not leave here."
"You see the future. How far ahead I do not know, but if it is your wish, then I will not dissuade you. As long as I am welcome for tea, occasionally."
"Of course Shandra. All are welcome here, now. It will take some time to get over the loss of my son, and I can only pray that the goddess will keep him safe. Now tell me about this gathering that I have heard about. I would like to know about it, and maybe go there next time it is celebrated."
The women sat and talked about the annual Gathering and many other things. They did not even notice as the sun went down. It was the rising of the sun on the next morning that they noticed. Shandra rose and stepped outside with Lina close behind. "I should go child. I did not realize we had talked so long. You come and visit my home when you wish. I will send you books and you will learn more about healing, as we discussed."
"I will. I want to be helpful to all the creatures here, if I can. One last question, if I may."
"Of course Lina. No one learns without asking questions."
"I have seen small lights around here and out over the lake. You know what they are and why they seem to follow me?"
"The fairies watch over you child. Little is known but they are all around us and only when they wish to be seen, can anyone see them. It is rare that they show themselves, even to the one they watch over." Shandra paused and looked at Lina, who seem amazed.
"I have heard stories about fairies but they were just stories. Tales made up for children."
Shandra hugged Lina and said, "They are far from tales. I must go and we will talk more of this later. I will have to calm my coven as they seem to worry if I am away too long. Be well Lina." 
Lina watched as Shandra walked along the road till she was just a small distant figure. Turning, Lina headed to her garden. She went through the castle and made note of how cold and desolate it seemed. The room that lead to the garden was full of weapons and some armour. Lina moved many weapons to either side so she could walk without stumbling over anything. As she opened the door and looked out,  she saw the two elves working away. 
The two young females looked up with a start, when Lina greeted them. They chatted about the garden and it was agreed that they would continue to keep the place maintained so the birds and little creature had a beautiful home. Lina loved to come here and sit among the beauty when she was not busy in the fields. The elves agreed to keep it her private garden.
Lina talked to Sproi and Raythe as they worked the earth around the plants. They stopped at midday and went to Lina's home to have a meal, before the elves, who preferred to work at night, said their farewells and went on their way. 
Lina spent most of the day straightening things and then went down to the lake. She sat on the bank thinking and wondering about the lights she saw there at night. The island that was across the lake, often had lights floating around, blinking on and off. If these were fairies, how could she learn more about them. She really wanted to understand who they were and what they did. There were so many questions in her mind.
"We are the spirits of nature. We watch and guide our charges. Those who need us. All you need know is that we are forever here. Always have been and will be, long after you have gone." said a soft, almost squeaky voice near Lina's ear. 
Lina was startled by the voice and pulled away slightly. Looking around she saw nothing. "Where are you? Who are you?" 
"Fear not child. I am what you seek. I am what you call a fairy. I am called, Chrysma. I was draw to you when you came here, and have been with you since that time."
"I cannot see you. Were you the light I have seen several times? What do you wish from me?" asked a confused Lina.
"Calm yourself. Yes you saw my light, which is all that anyone can see, as we do not have form. We are spirits. Some may see us as small winged human form, but that is just their minds giving us the form they want. There is nothing I want from you child. Just remember that no matter how alone you think you may be, I will always be with you. I have been here longer than the stones and will be here long after they are gone. I will do all I can to help you, when you need it. If you are in danger, I will show you a safe way. If you are in sorrow, as you have been, I will try and comfort you. So few understand or believe in us. I am pleased you are not one of them. Do you understand what I tell you?"
"Yes I have always believed. Since my mother told me about your kind, but I always thought it was just a story. Thank you for letting me know it is true." Lina smiled as she also yawned.
"You need rest. Go sleep. I will watch over you. Always."
Lina got up and headed for her home. She felt very content and safe. She was so lucky to have so many watch and care for her. As she lay on the bed, her mind drifted to the stories her mother had told her years before. Now they all made sense. They were not tales. Lina slept very well this night. 
Chapter Twelve
Lina woke, laying on a bed of green grass. She rose and looked around. Where was she? Why was everything so big? She was next to what looked like a very large daisy. It towered above her. Above it people, or what looked like people, flew back and forth, paying no attention to her. She stood up and realized she had nothing on. She glimpsed what looked like a sheer cloth, from the corner of her eye, but when she turned it was gone. Then she saw it again for an instant. Turning only her head, she saw that she had wings. Very sheer delicate wings that were at least twice her size. 
Lina was totally amazed. How and what happened to her. Before she could make any sense out of what had happened, a lithe female landed beside her and said, "Good, you are awake. Have you flown yet? Just think. It is all in the mind. Follow me. There is one who wishes to speak with you." She rose into the air and hovered above Lina, waiting for her to follow.
Lina concentrated on flapping her wings but they barely moved. "Do not think hard, child. See yourself rising and do not think," came the voice from above. Lina looked at others fluttering by and wished she was adept at flight. Suddenly she was looking down on the ground. Although she was shocked, her wings had carried her aloft and soon she was following her guide. So all I need do is think, Lina thought to herself.
With a slight stumble she landed on a patch of clover beside the girl that had led her here. "What are you called?" Lina asked. 
"Names and titles are of no consequence here child. We are and that is all that matters. We know what to do, and how to do it, from our first consciousness as we wake in this form. We watch as this world goes on and on. You wait. Another will show you and explain in a way you can understand. You have been given a great gift, child. Enjoy it, while you can." 
With that statement she was gone. Lina looked around at the large clover she stood on and the humongous trees that grew all around. Flowers were the size of trees she had known before and trees the size of mountains. It was so strange. Where was she? Maybe this was the life she had been taught came after death of the body. She had not felt ill, but she knew when time came to die, many had no warning of it. 
"Well child, I am sure you have many questions. Have you found answers in yourself?" said a voice of a glowing creature that had no form. At least Lina could not see one in the bright white, glow that slowly settled in front of her.
"What you see is our true form. No body as you know it. We are pure energy. This is where the bodies you know will go after what you call death. Of course you will pass through several bodies before you become one of us, but you are a very intelligent being so I have given you this look into your future. I see you are still baffled. Will it help you to know that I am your watcher in this life. I am the one you call, Chrysma."
"You are the fairy that came to me last night at the edge of the lake. Am I a fairy now? How is this possible?" asked Lina, even more confused.
"Child, you are still thinking as a being of flesh. Everything is possible as soon as you let go of such linear thinking. What is, is. There is no why or how. The only thing that never changes is the light comes as surely as the dark. There is no time, as you measure it. Maybe I should show you." 
A stream of light from Chrysma, touched her and suddenly she was looking down at her mother as she bounced a small child on her knee. The child was herself. Before Lina could say anything the scene changed again. Now she was watching a couple in a water craft, with a child. Again she recognized herself, laughing and chatting. Then in a flash she was back on the clover. 
"As you see, we can be anywhere, at any time. The past, with your parent, the future, with your future family and the present. They are all one. To us there is no time. I know it is hard for you to let go of that concept but you will after a few more lifetimes, as you call them." 
Lina tried to understand what she was being told. It was all complicated. She had never thought that fairies were real, or had such powers, but now she was one. "How is it that I have wings and you do not? Is this real or all in my imagination?" she asked.
"For one who has thought in only one way for so long, it is hard to understand, child. Here is what most people see when they think of us." 
Lina found herself standing in a clearing among many winged males and females. They fluttered back and forth sprinkling dust on flowers and trees. Some sat near a small stream, laughing and splashing. It had always been what she had thought of when her mother talked of the fairy folk. It was such a beautiful sight.
"Now, child. This is what we truly are." The scene changed slightly. The plants and brook were still there but now all the winged folk had become no more than coloured lights. Every colour and shade of colour Lina could imagine was before her eyes. She looked down at herself and saw only the lightest blue she had ever seen. There was no form to her. 
"Good. I am pleased that you see yourself as one of us now. It is too soon for you to stay this way but it is good that you can see, without all the old beliefs, clouding your thoughts. You are closer to us than I thought child." 
"It is such a beautiful sight. All you do is watch over the living creatures?" asked Lina as she looked around in amazement.
"Not only the creatures, child. We watch and care for the plants, water, and the air above. There are many things that humans do not see as living, yet everyone and everything has a soul and lives. Just because we do not feel a heartbeat, does not mean it does not live. The entire world, as you see it, lives, breathes and grows. Mountains shake as they grow, grass gets taller, flowers bloom." Chrysma paused for a moment. 
"You care for the entire world? There must be so many fairies, all over." said Lina in astonishment, "What happens when you get old and pass on to your next life?"
"So clever, yet you still do not see child." replied Chrysma. "This form has no lifespan. We have been, and will be, always. Time and age, as you know it, have no meaning for us. I will show you."
A bright flash and Lina was standing among huge towering trees. She felt cold in the shade. No matter how hard she tried, she could not move. She turned slightly and lifted her arms. Leafy branches rose up. Looking down she saw no legs. There was only the trunk of a young seedling. She was in a tree.
She heard voices, talking. It was the wind, blowing through the branches of the bigger trees around her. Only the breeze, yet it made sense to her. They were telling her to stretch and grow to the sun. They moved their branches so the sun streamed down to her leaves. She reached for it and felt herself tingle as the sap flowed and created more branches and leaves to catch even more sunshine. Slowly but surely she was getting taller and closer to the sun. She was growing.
Occasionally she felt something wet hitting her, but it felt good and she always grew better after. It was moisture from the sky. She felt her roots entwined around others and all were taking in the moisture from the ground. Occasionally an animal would climb into her branches and stay for a short time then leave. She watched as many small animals scampered to and fro. Up and down her trunk. Birds made nests in her high branches as she reached up for the sun that made her grow. 
When the snows came, her leaves changed and fell. She slept till the snow left and her new branches came and reached for the sun. There was no sense of time passing. The trees talked among themselves. They spoke of the life around them and when the ground shook, which it had occasion to do, one of the taller trees fell, others would speak of it kindly and how it would nourish them as it became part of the soil. 
The day came when she realized she was as tall as the rest and her top was always in the sun. "You are still young, but have grown well. You even have many seedlings that follow you to the sky." said the tall pine close by. "Do you now understand the time as you humans know it, means nothing to others?"
Suddenly she was back on the clovers with Chrysma, who repeated her question. "You have just spent hundreds of your lives as a tree. Yet here you are again, as if you were never gone. Trees do not watch the passage of mankind's time. Rocks do not observe it either. Animals only observe the seasons as they pass. Do you now understand that time, as you humans see it, means little or nothing to others?"
Lina slowly said, "I think so. You have shown me much and I will need to think about all I have seen. Maybe I am too dull to learn your teachings."
"I sense you see and do try to understand. It is muddled in your mind at present, but you will focus it and make it clear. Never waste much of this life thinking child. Follow your heart. It will never be wrong. Remember, you will never know and understand everything that is. Live and enjoy what you have."
Chrysma, continued adding, "You have seen the world through our eyes now. It is a shame, but our truth must remain unknown to your kind. I cannot let you tell others of this. You will remember what you have seen, but it will seem as a dream to you. Rest now child, sleep well."
Lina stretched as she sat on the edge of the bed. She felt refreshed. What a strange dream, she thought. She went to the window and looked as the sun rose over the mountains, wondering why she would dream of fairies. She had dreams before, but this is the first dream she remembered, so clearly and sharply. She remembered all she had been told and seen. Lina needed to talk to someone about this to clear her mind. 
Taking a pack of supplies she strode off along the road to the north. She had not gone far when she heard the sound of another walking behind her. Stopping she turned and saw Celestia. "Welcome, my friend. What brings you so far from home, Celestia?" asked Lina.
"I saw you with a pack. If you do not object, I will walk with you." Celestia replied. "All is at peace again so I can watch over you without hiding."
"I welcome the company, dear friend. Shall we go on?"
They walked and chatted about Lina's dream. Celestia was intrigued, but more by the fact that fairies lived here. She asked many questions about how they looked and where they were. Lina told her all she could and then realized, even though she had dreamt of them and how they were, she had not seen anything that would give her a location of where they lived. For some reason it started bothering her. 
With all their talking, they were at their destination before they realized the sun had started to set. Lina went to a shelter at the edge of the large clearing. "I will meet with Shandra in the morning. It has been a long day Celestia. Let us rest here." They bedded down after a cold meal. It was a restless sleep with Lina having visions of her dream. Always trying to find out where it had taken place. 
From outside the shelter Lina heard the voice of the witch calling her. "Lina, Lina, come and get some coffee. You wish to talk of a dream. I am here waiting." 
Lina knew the witch could see things and like the dragons read minds, so she never asked how she knew what was in her head. She just accepted that Shandra knew. Just like all accepted that Shandra never went anywhere without one or two of her coven with her. Some things no one questioned and Shandra was one of these.
"I have added something that will make this brew special," Shandra said as she handed the cup to Lina. "Drink and then we will talk of your dream."
Lina sipped the hot liquid. It tasted mellow, not bitter as most coffee did. She liked it and asked what had been added to flavour it. Shandra held a small bag of crushed leaves and gave it to Lina, telling her it was a mint that she had grown. "Here take these seeds and plant them in your garden. They will take little care and grow well among your flowers." 
Lina thanked her and asked for another cup of the coffee. "Of course child, and now you will tell me of this dream that bothers you."
As Lina talked of her dream, Shandra smiled and listened carefully. When she had finished they sat in absolute quiet for a few moments before Shandra stood and asked Lina to walk with her. 
They walked around the clearing as Shandra explained the dream, saying, "You have been given a great gift, child. I have seen these fairies from afar, but you have met them and been shown their world. I do not know why they chose you, but embrace it. You have seen your future and although it will take ages before you join them, you know you will. There is little I can tell you that you have not seen, but I can ease your mind about one thing. You were in there domain just a short distance from here. You have seen the lights on the island in the lake. That is where the fairies live. That is where you were."
"The forbidden island?" asked Lina, "Where not even the animals do not go?"
"Yes Lina. The animals know and stay clear, it is only we who think that must be told to stay away and leave them in peace. From what you have told me, that must be a very large place for them. I do thank you for allowing me to see it through your eyes."
"Thank you Shandra, it helps to understand that I am not going mad. I should have known where they live, but I should return home and tend to my gardening." 
Lina gathered her things and with Celestia, started to walk back to the empty village she lived in. Celestia suggested Lina get on her back so the trip would be quicker. After a short discussion, she hopped on Celestia's back and they galloped off along the road. 
Lina went back to working her garden and the fields, but she took regular walks, through the vineyard, to the old cabin to spend evenings. She would watch the lights across the water, remembering all she had seen and the fairy she met. Lina occasionally laid on the furs inside and slept there. It was a warm cozy place. Deer and other animals constantly came and visited. 
On one star filled evening, Lina had soaked in the hot pool and on her way back to her house by the fields, she heard some strange singing and the sound of stones being hit with a hammer. When she arrived at the bridge over the east river, she saw lights underneath and heard a gruff voice. There was only one voice, talking to itself. She stood on the bridge and called down, "Who is there? What are you doing?"
"I am building my home, go find another place for yours." came the short curt reply.
"I have a home nearby. Who are you? I thought I knew everyone here. We have not met. My name is Lina. If you have time, may I see you?" 
"A moment won't hurt. Be right out." the voice replied.
Lina waited when suddenly a stone hit the road behind her. She jumped slightly as she turned to see what caused the noise. Just a large stone laying several paces from her. She almost jumped off the bridge when a voice right behind her said, "I am Seshi. You are a skittish one, Lina."
She turned to see a very sturdy troll standing there, with his hand reaching out in greeting. "You like to scare folks for fun, Seshi. Nice to meet you."
They chatted and Lina learned this troll had arrived a very short time ago and he liked to be near the water so the bridge was a perfect place for his home. He had lost track of others of his kind when the men had started to hunt them. Trolls were called monsters and were killed wherever they were found. This one had been a miller but since he had to flee, when the men burnt his mill and home. He had tried to fight but once his mate and child had been killed, he just wandered till a dragon had told him of this place.
"You will not chase me away?" asked Seshi, as he looked at Lina.
"You are a silly thing. Of course not. The dragons did not let you in here so I could chase you away. You are welcome here and if you need anything, just ask. I do have to go and get some rest. I am sure we will meet again."
Lina listened to the troll singing and banging away as she walked to her house. He was a jolly soul for one who had been through all he had. Something in her mind told her that he would become a good friend.
Chapter Thirteen
King RaMond looked around the room at his so called advisors. In a firm gruff voice, said, "Mangus has tried to attack us four times now, and none of you can come up with any strategy to either make peace or defeat him. Why do I keep you around? He is again massing at our border. If you do not give me a plan that will stop all this killing, you will be on the front line, when the attack comes." He turned and walked from the room, leaving his advisors wondering if they should plan or start practising with weapons.
"I am at a loss for any new ideas, gentlemen." piped up Seth. "If the centaurs hadn't left, we would at least have a good chance of defeating Mangus, but without them, we can only fight to a stalemate."
TaLor spoke up saying, "We need a miracle weapon that will save our soldiers. Something that will make Mangus think twice. Then he would have to sue for peace."
"Where would we get such a weapon?" asked Seth, "The wizard will not help us. We have tried to get his help several times and always been refused. No one else has the power to come up with such a thing." 
Nagim, looking thoughtfully, said, "If we had a dragon at our call, we would not need another weapon, but since we don't, let me see what I can find. There is a small group of elves living east in the hills. I will go and see if they will help. It is their land too. Maybe they do not like Mangus more than they hate RaMond."
"I have heard they have a griffon with them. It protects them, or so it is said."
Nagim looked at Seth and said, "Yes, that is the story. I will find out, and see if it as vicious as they say. I will leave right away. We must be ready before Mangus attacks again. If I do not return before the next full moon, I will not be coming back. I will be a griffons meal."
"You may joke about it, but I for one wish you luck, Nagim." said TaLor as he put his hand on Nagim's shoulder. "How many men will you take for this journey?"
"I will take no soldiers. I have a young aide, but will let him decide. I have no intention of putting any other lives in danger, unless they are willing."
"Then go with our blessing. We will devise some strategy while you are gone. We may come up with some plan that RaMond will be able to use." stated Seth
Nagim was packing the things he would need when a slip of a boy rushed in. "My apologies Master Nagim, I just found out you were out of council."
"That is fine, Robeir. Come here and sit. I have to ask you something."
The young slender lad, sat in the only chair in the room. he looked curiously at Nagim, as he strode to stand in front of him. "I am leaving on a journey and if all were normal, you would accompany me. On this trip I go to the last of the elves and will with all likelihood, have to get pass the griffon, said to be with them. You must decide for yourself whether you wish to come with me or stay here. Leave me to pack, and think upon on it. I cannot promise you will be safe as I go without soldiers. If you do decide to come, meet me at the stable before the sun is overhead. If you do not come, I wish you well. You have been a fine aide to me. If I return we will be together longer, but I do not hold a lot of faith in my ability to get past the griffon, if I have to fight it. Go. Make your choice."
"How long will we be gone, Sire?" asked the boy
"Take enough for many days. We will be back at the full moon, or not at all."
The lad acknowledged Nagim and hurriedly left to gather his own things for the trip. The sun was overhead when the two rode from the castle. They followed the road east toward the hills in the distance. Talking about what lay ahead, the distance went quickly and as the sun started to set they came to a small settlement of three houses. There was a small Inn that supplied them with a hot meal and beds. 
In the morning at their meal the innkeeper told them that to go much further meant death. Less than a days ride would put them in the hunting ground of a most vicious creature. He told them of how he heard the stories of a winged creature tearing cows and people apart and devouring them. Bones and all. All anyone found was their clothing.
Nagim saw his aide was soaking it all in and getting frightened. "You wish to go back, boy?" he asked.
"No Master. I wish to see this creature. It scares me but I will not fail you," replied Robeir, nervously.
"Child, it is not cowardly to retreat from that which you do not know and fear. Better to run and live to fight again, then die. That is my intention, if it is possible. I prefer not to fight a griffon. I have never seen one or known any who have, but from writings, they are not to be trifled with." Nagim rose and paid the innkeeper, thanking him for the hospitality and information. 
As they rode on, neither spoke. They turned their heads at the slightest sound and rode with Nagim ahead, followed by Robeir. Both were listening and watching for the slightest movement. The road turned into a trail through the trees and then no more than a game trail along a small creek. By midday they had gone many leagues and had made a camp in a clearing with a pond. Nagim, gave orders for a meal and setting camp for the night to his aide. He then stripped down and went in the pool to wash off the dust from the days ride. 
Robeir was bent over the cooking dish when a shadow passed over the clearing and as he glanced up he saw a huge winged beast, circling above. Nagim had seen it too as he clambered from the pond and grabbed his clothes, quickly pulling them on. He hopped on one foot and tripped on a rock. Before he could get up, a large paw had him pinned to the ground.
He screamed with all the breath he had, as Robeir just stood staring at the monster. "Does he act like that all the time when he meets new life?"
Robeir jumped back at the voice right beside him. He looked at the tall slender person that stood there. The elf was staring at him with dark deep eyes, as if he was looking into his soul. He had heard of the elves, but since he had grown up in the castle and town, he had never seen one till now. "Who are you? Can you get that, that thing off my Master?" he blurted out.
"Relax young one. I am Rando. No one controls Sharazat, but Sharazat. I can ask, if you like. Maybe you should ask yourself. First explain why you are here and what you want. This is not on your kinds roads, and you are not hunting game."
"We have come to meet the elves. It is all I know. You must ask Master Nagim for more. I am only his aide. Is that really a griffon?" 
Nagim had stopped screaming by now and was barely moving as he tried to find a way out of this situation. He could not quite hear what the boy and elf were saying. He knew it was about the griffon that held him or himself, but he was to preoccupied to worry about it. 
"Please release him. He will tell you why we have come," said Robeir, almost pleading.
The elf looked at the griffon, who lifted his foot and then sat down watching his victim scrabble toward the other two. He was not fond of any man, but although they had hunted and killed all the others of his kind, as far as he knew, this man was no threat so he would live for now.
Nagim looked at the elf and thanked him for his freedom, as he dusted himself off. "Do not thank me. If he wanted you dead, you would be. I only asked if he really wanted such a bony meal. Now since the young one knows nothing. Why are you here? What do you want?" asked Rando.
"I am sure you know of the battles King RaMond is having with Mangus. I came to ask you, if we could use your companion to help us." Sharazat roared loudly, startling the humans, and provoking a laugh from the elf. 
"Yes Sharazat, they must be joking. The fewer humans hunting us the better. Why would we care if you kill yourselves? You hunt and take whatever you want. It does not matter who is in charge. Mankind is an infestation."
"King RaMond is a kind man and will treat you right. He will give you a place of your own to live in peace, if you help us stop the war." replied Nagim.
"He cannot control what his people do. The centaurs have told us how well he treats people. We elves have seen it for ourselves. We have a place now until your kind comes and takes it again. This time we will fight. We have more strength than you know."
Sharazat roared again. Rando looked at him and they talked to themselves for a long time. Nagim and Robeir just stood and watched, nervously. After some time, Rando turned to Nagim and said, "I do not know why Sharazat has agreed to help you, but he has. The boy stays with us till the battle starts. You Nagim, will go and tell your King that after this fight the hills to the mountains are never to be entered. One other thing. When the battle starts and you call for our help, any men on the field will be attacked. Make sure your men are not there. Once Sharazat starts, none are safe."
"Agreed. I will return and convey this to King RaMond. I will leave supplies for Robeir. Son you will be safe here and I will see you again after the battle. Thank you Rando, and you Sharazat." He turned and walked to the horses. He climbed on his and went to ride off when he was stopped by Rando.
"Take it all with you. We will feed and supply your boy with anything he needs." Rando untied the other horse and handed the reigns to Nagim. Now go, and make sure your King understands. This is his last chance to prove himself, to us. We will be watching. Just put this into any fire and we will come." Rando handed him a small bag of powder, then slapped the horse on the flank. They watched till the horses were out of sight.
Rando turned and looked at the griffon. "What are you thinking my friend? You know if they turn on us, you may be killed. Why do you want to help them?"
Sharazat looked down at him, "You understand. I am tired of running. My family is gone because of this Mangus. If I can stop him and his warring ways, I must. Will we have archers with us or is this my fight alone?"
"We can only ask them. The decision is up to them. I pray they will help. Shall we go and see them?" Rando climbed on Sharazat's back. "Come boy, we go to our camp."
Very timidly Robeir approached the griffon and reached for Rando's hand. He was pulled up and no sooner had he settled, then with wings spread, they were airborne. The young boy was amazed as the griffon flew low over the trees and hills. It was not long before they circled over several campfires and tents. Most were near the trees but one large tent was in the middle of the clearing. It is here that they landed. "Come boy, we must go talk to my people and Sharazat must feed. See you soon my friend." said Rando as the griffon flew off.
Rando talked to another elf who blew a rams horn, and all the others came and gathered into the large tent. Robeir was steered to the slightly raised platform in front of everyone gathered there. He noticed that not all were elves. There were a few dwarves and even humans, or at least they looked human. He had been nervous before but now he wondered if he would ever see his home again. 
"Relax child. We will not harm you." said Rando, "We are not the animals you live with. Sit and listen."
Rando stood and raised his hand for silence. The murmuring stopped and Rando spoke. Softly but so all could hear, he said, "Sharazat has decided to help King RaMond, to defeat Mangus. We all know he will go and do this. His mind is set. The question he has is, how many of us will join him? The king will give us these hills as our place, or so his emissary has stated. I for one do not trust what they say, as we have all seen how deceptive they are. Sharazat is my friend and I will not abandon him, so I will go. What I would like to do is set up fighters to guard our retreat if it is necessary. If this King is true to his word. Good. Of course no King can control all his subjects. We should be ready. I have seen where the armies have massed, at the modrow field. Sharazat and I will go near there, to wait for the battle. If all goes well we will be back and have our homeland again. If not, we will die knowing we fought for our race."
Rando paused before saying, "We leave at the sun's rising. You must decide to wait here or prepare to fight. This human is here as I want Maytila to see him. He is of no consequence to any of this. He does have a special aura and I need to know what he is capable of. I have said what I called you together for. I will go now." Rando took Robeir by the hand and lead him out. 
"Maytila, are you in there?" Rando asked in front of the only decorated tent in this camp. Many symbols, that Robeir did not understand, and plant pictures covered it. The woven blanket at the door moved to one side and out stepped a short old lady. She leaned on a crooked stick for support. Looking at him she hummed and hawed as she walked around him. "Why have you brought him here?" she asked of Rando.
Rando waved a guard over and told him to take Robeir to eat and watch him while he spoke with Maytila, alone. Once they had gone and the two entered the tent, Rando sat across from Maytila and said, "I sense strong power in this one. He is dangerous or soon will be. I need to know if we need fear him or can he be trusted. You are capable of seeing more than I mother. Should he live or die?"
"My son, you are very perceptive. He will be a dangerous black wizard in time. He knows there is power in him, he does not have a teacher to focus it. If he continues, not even Taynoric can match the power he wields. Uncontrolled it will destroy us all. What will you do with him? I know you are no killer son."
"I have a plan. It is a shame he must go, but we have enough trouble without adding more. What will happen when he dies? Will his power dissipate or will it go to another as yours does?"
"That I do not know. It is not focused so anything may happen. Be careful with him. He knows he has some power and will not take kindly to being killed. He cannot read thoughts so you have an advantage." 
After saying their farewells Rando went to the tent where Robeir would stay till morning. Then he would call Sharazat and they would leave. The boy seemed happy to see him and willingly went with him. Although he was curious about the old lady, he did not ask. He laid on the roll that was his bed. There was a guard outside, but he was told that he could go where he wanted as long as the guard went to. He just wanted to go home so he stayed in the tent and waited for the morning.
Rando had barely gotten to his tent when a dwarf came up and told him, "It is agreed. The warriors will wait here ready to fight, Others will be halfway to the field, at our last camp, in case they are needed. The best archers will wait with you and Sharazat. I only pray that you know what you are doing Rando. I wish you well."
It was a restless sleep for Rando. He rose before the sun and was drinking his coffee when Maytila sat next to him. She looked at him, and asked, "You have decided about the child?"
"Yes I have." Rando replied. "He will die but not by my hand. He has done nothing. What is to be, will be. If you know a teacher he can seek out, we can send him there."
"The only one I know has crossed the northern water and lives alone on the green island. There is no way the boy can reach her alone. When you go, leave him here. I will call a friend. She will take him. You may be right son, if he is taught well he will not be as dangerous as he seems now. For one so young, you have become wise."
"Who is this teacher that you will send him too? Have I met her?"
"Yes child. She was at your birth but soon after she was driven away by those men. Our mutual friend, Zofiya will take the boy to my druid friend. Leave him to me. You do what you must. Get ready child, Sharazat comes."
As Sharazat rose into the sky, Rando watched the group of archers and soldiers heading for their places. They sailed very low over the trees tops to avoid detection and for the last few leagues Sharazat ran on the ground. He was fast and very careful not to hit bushes or trees. They had been in position for a long time when the archers arrived and took up their positions. 
As the night drew on, everyone rested. They all stayed alert but knew it may some time before the fighting started. Till it did they would stay hidden and watch. The morning brought storm clouds. Rando could see most of the armies that would be battling. They were not preparing to fight, but preparing for the storm. It would last at least two days. Nothing will happen till it passes. He knew the these men could not move in their heavy clothes, in the mud that the rain produced. 
As they sat under the tent that had been with the supplies, Rando's face lit up. He had an idea. First he had to talk to RaMond. He prepared to go and gave instructions, in case he did not return. The rain was coming down in sheets so it was hard to see where he was going and hoped that the guards would not attack first and talk later.
Rando was dripping water all over as he was escorted into the King's presence. The King sat and stared at the elf for several moments before he told him to speak. "You wish to end this fighting and you will give us our own land to live in peace. This is what I have been told by your emissary, there." He said as he pointed to Nagim. "I have a plan that will end it before anyone takes to the field. All I need is your word, that what I was told will be."
King RaMond looked down from his throne, sizing this elf up. If he could deliver a victory without a fight, he would be a very valuable asset. "You have my word. What Nagim told you will be. How do you think you can achieve such a thing, elf?"
"Leave that to me sire, just keep your soldiers dry and make sure they stay where they are now. I do not wish to see them harmed accidentally. I will return when it is done." Bowing low, Rando turned and left the King and his advisors wondering what he knew that they did not. 
Chapter Fourteen
All the elves anxiously surrounded Rando as he strolled into the camp. Taking a cup of hot ale and shedding his wet outer garments he sat before the fire. He drank slowly as he looked around at the faces starring at him. Even Sharazat was watching him. He glanced into the almost empty cup, saying, "Well it is in our hands now. Are you ready Sharazat? You will do most of the fighting. Be sure it is what you really want my friend. Once started, there will be no turning back."
Sharazat immediately replied, "I will avenge mine or join them. I ready."
"Then archers take your positions and you my dear friend are free to attack and do as you wish, we will stay back so your blood lust does not take a friend." Rando stood and took up his bow to join the others. 'May the Goddess have mercy on us and the poor souls who do not know what awaits them,' he thought to himself.
Sharazat spread his wings, shook slightly, to shed the water on them before he sprang into the sky. He circled the entire field, before taking a fast steep dive into the camp of Magus' army. Over the pounding rain, came screams of fear and terror as tents flew every which way, exposing those inside to flaying claws and his sharp beak. 
Rando had seen fires scattered throughout the camp, but now there were many more. Fire seemed to spread over the entire encampment, with tents burning from the embers of campfires that the griffon had scattered like the rain, which strangely enough had stopped. 
The archers gasped and were glad they were not in the path of a griffon with revenge on his mind. The roars from Sharazat, and screams of men being ripped apart filled the air. They watched as bodies flew in the air. Some intact but many were not. As long as he lived, Rando would never forget the screams of this day. He knew Sharazat was strong but he still ordered his men forward to give the griffon as much protection as they could, without putting themselves in danger. Although it did not seem necessary. Magus' troops were not fighting back. They were running in every direction. Suddenly, the sound of many feet on the muddy field caught Rando's ear.
RaMond's troops were moving toward their enemies. He turned and tried to wave them off. This was not part of the agreement. An arrow pierced his shoulder. He ordered his archers back. They had been betrayed. The archers retreated quickly as Rando called to Sharazat. He could only hope the griffon would listen. Over and over, as he slowly moved toward the cover of the trees, Rando called to Sharazat to warn him. Just he as saw Sharazat turn toward him, he felt a sharp pain and saw the shiny blade sticking from his chest. His last thought was to the griffon, a warning to flee.
Sharazat felt the hundreds of arrows as they struck him. He felt weak and try as he might, he could not get his left wing to work. It had been pierced by a spear, and had severed a muscle. He had done what he set out to. As he slumped to the ground he had seen bodies and many parts of bodies laying around him. This army was demolished and he no longer felt the need to kill. He pushed the men crowding him with his beak. Why did they come so close. 
These were RaMond's men. Why did he feel a sharp pain in his other wing. Now both were useless. Where had Rando gone? He had heard him some time ago. Now there was nothing but silence from him. He no longer had the energy to struggle. He lay still bleeding from his wounds as the men pulled him onto a cart and started back toward the castle.
The soldiers had capture Mangus' camp and the army defeated. Now they celebrated the capture of the griffon. They had not thought out the transportation well as the oxen struggled to pull the wagon through the muddy field. Twice they had to push to get it unstuck and they were barely halfway. Others came out to help. Little did they realize, that soon they would see what a griffon's friends were capable of.
The wagon sank into another mud hole and all put their shoulders and backs into freeing it when a sharp, shrill shriek, pierced the air. There was nothing in the light grey sky. Only the rain clouds drifted slowly over them. Soon they were back at freeing the wagon. Again the shriek was heard. This time much closer. As they looked up, they saw nothing but flames. Two red dragons made pass after pass, flaming anyone near the wagon. 
Men ran and rolled on the ground in the pain of being burnt alive. Arrows filled the air but just bounced off the great beasts. The archers stopped when they saw they killed their own men and did nothing to the dragons, who were now perched on either side of the wagon. Guarding it.
No one dared to approach them. They just sat and watched the griffon. A group of knights decided to go out and take the beast from them. As they approached, the dragons looked at each other then back to what they saw as very foolish men. Before the men could get close enough to use their weapons, they were fried inside their armour suits, by a third dragon as it swooped in from behind them.
The third did not land. It flew over the lines of men and spread its flame carefully, lighting tents and shelters aflame but only scorching those inside or close to them. All the flames scared the animals enough that they broke out of their enclosures and ran through the camp trampling many in their way. The men had no way to know it was all part of an orchestrated plan. Those who were in a safe place watched in awe as a gigantic bird swooped down and picked the wagon and griffon up and flew off to the west, followed by the dragons. 
The bird had only been in view for a short time, as it came below the clouds and was soon back above them. Just long enough for many to start the stories of the bird beast that all should fear. Most of the men stood, while some slumped to their knees in shock at what they had just seen. Only the moaning of the injured and dying was heard. 
King RaMond was fuming as he looked at his advisors. "Where is the griffon?" he almost shouted. "Has anyone found where it was taken? I want the animal. It was to be our weapon. Mangus will not stop because he lost one battle. He will raise another army. Do not stand there! Tell me what happened to your perfect plan."
"We had no way to know we would have dragons to deal with, your highness." stated Nagim, hesitatingly. "If they had not interfered, we would have him. There was no way to know he was guarded by them. He is no longer able to fly, so we will find him. We have sent out all the scouts to find him. I have even sent my best man to Taynoric. If anyone knows where the dragons came from and have gone, he will."
"He has not been taken south," added Taylor. "My spies there have reported no sightings. None of the elves we have captured and questioned know anything. All we know is that the witch, Maytila, said it was a Guardian called, Zofiya that took him. This Guardian controls the mountains, and all the creatures of the east, or so she says."
RaMond was red in the face as he screamed at the advisors, who cowered before him. "I want that griffon, or heads will roll from your shoulders. I will not be denied. Do not fail me, again." The king turned and quickly left the councillors standing alone. They left the room to find out what the spies, and others had found. None talked, as they all knew there was no point. 
Many men had been sent out and some trickled back to report after a few days. None had seen or heard anything. It was a full half moon before Nagim's best man returned. He bowed as he entered his lord's presence. "The wizard Taynoric, was nowhere to be found, my Lord. The hut was empty. Has been for some time from the look of it," he reported.
Nagim looked at the young man, who seemed to be ready to be struck at his failure to complete his task. "You saw no sign of the griffon?" he asked.
"None. I searched the cabin, out buildings and the meadow it is on. I only know that there is a barrier stopping anyone from going further. I could not pass through it or I would have. There were dragons there not long ago. Maybe one or two moons back, according to the tracker. We must assume it is beyond this barrier that the griffon was taken."
"So the wizard has created a refuge for dragons, and a griffon, no doubt. I must contemplate these happenings. Leave me. Tell the guard I do not wish to be disturbed." Nagim knew that the wizard, Taynoric, had a heart for the creatures. Now he knew that he would need to find another wizard to battle him. Problem was that none he knew were up to the task. For some reason, all the practitioners of magic had left, or gone into hiding. More spies would have to be sent to find any witches or wizards that may be in hiding. There must be someone who can rival Taynoric.
Nagim sent men out in every direction, in search of any magic users. It would take time to find a strong one and he was sure that his men would not know one even if they saw one. They would know wizards and witches, but not how strong they were. He himself would have to test them. He gave the searchers a simple order to bring any good ones to him. He had the amulet that would prove they were at least equals to Taynoric. 
None of the humans had any way of knowing that Taynoric was not the one they had to battle. He had been gone for many years, and Zofiya was more than capable of stopping them from their plans to find the griffon. They had seen her as nothing more than a large bird. How could they know she had been Taynoric's teacher. Over the year many magic users were brought, but none were powerful. Most were simple fakers, others had the basics, but no more. 
Mangus too was looking over his lands for a creature or magician that would give him the advantage again. Since he had fled the battle at the first sign of attack, followed by any survivors soon after, none had seen the griffon whisked away. If he knew, Mangus would have attacked RaMond and beat him with manpower alone. He had massed a huge army. Ten thousand men strong and all were well drilled in combat. RaMond at best could field an army of three thousand, most who would be untrained farmers.
Several years passed with no change in the struggle. Armies fought skirmishes, but no big battles, as neither knew the true strength of the other. Mangus was overthrown when his head General took it into his head to take over. Ching was a strong man and desperate for revenge on the dragons that had thrown him from the valley. He massed his army and would use his son as a diversion. The foolish dragons would never see him coming. There were two passes side by side so his son, Chingis, who was now a well trained soldier, and the only one he trusted totally, would go in the high pass, that the dragons guarded, with his men. Ching would take the main force in through the other pass. He would surprise the dragons and beat them. Then he could attack RaMond from the flank. 
Scouts reported that they reached the top of both passes with no trouble, but only at the higher pass was a dragon seen. The high pass had no barrier so you could enter from there, but there was a barrier at the lower pass. All that scout at the high pass had seen was more and more mountains so the scout questioned entering from there, but Ching knew there had to be a way in. 
Ching was blinded by revenge and would not listen to reason. He would lead his men. From the maps that he had, the high pass entered the valley from the east. He had no way of knowing that the pass on the map was a figment of a half starved explorer's imagination. There were very few animals high in the mountains and if he did not bring enough food with him, he and his army would perish. 
Before he struck out, Ching made sure his son knew how long to wait before he set off to distract the dragons. When he felt sure Chingis had it all straight he led his men out with many pack animals and supplies. It would be a hard journey but failure was not a word he knew.
On the rise of the seventh sun since his father's departure, Chingis lead his men up the mountain. He lost two pack animals when they lost footing on the narrow trail but he did not stop till he reached the top of the pass. There they made camp to rest. If he went further they would be fighting the dragons that were watching them, from the peaks. 
Chingis strolled toward the barrier. He realized, as he touched the shimmering curtain before him, he could pass through it. Strange that he could, or was it an illusion, for the dim witted. He had stepped back to think about his next move, when a man came through the barrier. The man wore a fur over his light clothing and was cold. He did not carry weapons so he was offered food and warmth of their fire. 
Chingis talked to him for a long time. His men had never been here so they did not know this man, Vold, was not being honest about what lay ahead. Chingis did not know why he told them that there was no valley ahead. He had been born there, and remembered the trail, when they had been driven out. This was the right pass. Chingis was sure of it.
When Vold left he had to fight with his men as they revolted against him. A heavy wedge of snow crashed through the camp, destroyed tents, put out fires. The men grabbed what they could and there would be no keeping them here now. Chingis did not know how that man had done this, but he was sure he had something to do with it. Since his men would go no further, he followed them back down to the plains. His father would not be happy. Chingis sent a scout with the bad news to his father right away. He did not look forward to facing him, but the sooner the better.
After some time, Chingis watched from his balcony in the castle as the army approached the town. He wondered why his father's banner was not at the lead as it should be. The soldiers marched in as usual. He immediately had their commander brought to him. He stood tall as the man bowed before him and told him of the march into the mountains. The  encounter with a pack of wild bears. How his father had beaten two when the third caught him across the back and ripped him into two pieces. 
The bear was destroyed but it was too late for Ching. They had given him a royal burial and made a shrine to him, with stones they found nearby. They had continued to look for the pass but never found one. It was when they started back that they met the scout Chingis had sent. 
Chingis declared a time of mourning. He was now ruler of this land and would need to make some big decisions. He would need an heir and although there were many females he could have, the one he chose would have to bend to his will in all things. After the mourning he would search for the one he wanted. For now there was a funeral celebration to attend to. 
Sharazat, lay half conscious of what was going on around him. He knew a bird had lifted him easily, set him down here on the green grass. It cut his binding easily with sharp claws. Some females were pulling arrows from his body and treating his wounds. Who they were, he did not know, or care. He knew the men would come for him again. The girls talked to each other as they worked quickly. They wore black cloaks, so they had to be witches.
"Bind his wings tight. They need extra care. He will have to learn to be without flight. There is no way to repair the damage to them." Shandra felt the griffon's pain, but she could do no more than mend the wounds of his body. "Can Drachen bring a wild modrow here, Myriansinta? Sharazat needs to feed."
"Yes he has the strength and been shown how to pass through the barrier." Myriansinta called saying, "Zanda. Take the young one, teach him to avoid men. We need him to bring back a wild modrow. Be quick about it." 
"Right away," replied Zanda. "Come Drachen. We go hunt." The two dragons soared south over the mountains, and disappeared through the barrier. It was no more than an instant when they reappeared with the large animal hanging from the claws of Drachen. 
He flew low over the trees. Dropping the animal in front of the griffon laying there, who looked at it curiously. Drachen looked at him and apologized, saying, "It took longer than it should have. There are men all over. They seem to be up to something, so we had to hide more than hunt."
With a smile, Shandra interrupted, "You talk too much, young one. Thank you for helping. Now Sharazat, eat. You need to build your strength again. Then I will show you to your new home. You are safe here."
"Who are you and why does one of man's children help me?"
"I am Shandra, and you need to eat. We will explain all when you have your strength back."
Chapter Fifteen
Villagers moved to and fro as they went about their daily lives. There had been no fighting for several harvests. The soldiers went on patrols, shop keepers sold wares, blacksmiths shod horses, and all was peaceful. King RaMond was getting older, but he still ruled with a firm hand. He was obsessed with finding a creature that would protect his kingdom from invaders that never came. He had sent men to search the kingdom, and beyond to locate the creature. None ever returned with anything but negative reports.
Dragons were seen flying occasionally but none of the other creatures could be found. Where the dragons went had been a mystery, but the northern fishermen told stories of them driving everyone away from a big island in the north. If anyone set foot on that island, they were never seen again. It became a place none but the dragons would go. 
RaMond had sent several men there, but they never returned. The king assumed they had been killed and eaten. There was no way he could know that they went but the closer they got to the island, the more frightened of what was on the island they became. They called island 'Fearann Uaine a 'Bhàis' (Green Island of Death). All his men had gone past it and on to the northern lands, where they settled, never to return. 
RaMond could not get enough ships to land an army there, but he had become so obsessed with the griffon, he was sure it was there on that island. With no answers the questions became speculation, which festered the hate inside him. 
Some years ago strange cloaked men had come here and brought the strange belief of a man who died for the people of the world. Their leader, Bishop Samuel, had talked at length with the king and converted him to their belief.They worshipped their god in the large, ornate building, they called a church. Many of the people went there to hear them talk of the new religion. To others, the thought of one being, controlling all the world, was very hard to believe. They clung to the old beliefs that spirits of water, air, fire and earth, controlled all that happened.
It would not be long, before the things of the past were spoken of less and less. Memories of elves and dwarves were growing dimmer. Most of them had left for the mountains, if they had not been killed in the wars. Centaurs and unicorns too, were soon to be forgotten. Only the dragons would remain, but only because they were seen, regularly going back and forth, from the high mountains to the islands in the northern sea. They never came close men. Not since the battle many years ago, when they had enraged King RaMond, by taking the creature he had captured. Life was going on, and the stories of strange creatures, would become no more than tales for children.
As the town went about it's daily business, and all was quiet in the countryside nearby, patrols that came from the out laying areas of the kingdom, brought reports of a creature, killing livestock and destroying farms. Description of what it was seemed to vary as it came in the night and was rarely seen by anyone. Some claimed it was a wingless dragon. Others said it was a huge lion. Still others claimed it was the devil himself. 
RaMond was sure it was the griffon. He sent several squads out to find and destroy the creature, if they couldn't capture it. The squads found many signs of it, tracks always disappeared, as if it flew away. None saw the creature at all. The cattle that had been killed, were ripped apart, and it was obvious that whatever was doing it, did not do it for food. 
Several moons came and went without any results. King RaMond grew impatient that his men could not find the beast. He called his best men and told them to find it, and do it soon. They were led by a well seasoned soldier. Captain Matak had seen many battles against Mangus. The many scars he carried had come over the years of fighting. He never took a woman and kept his own counsel. When he talked with anyone, it was about battles or tactics. Now he had to find a creature that was all but invisible.
He took his best five men with him. They slipped out late at night and followed the road that went north a league and then west to the hills. Matak knew there were many caves and ravines where a large creature could stay out of sight. It was there he wanted to search first. They travelled through the next day, only stopping to eat. Once they reached the hills, all eyes scanned around and watched for anything out of the ordinary. 
They crested a small hill and saw several cattle, grazing below. Matak ordered his men to station themselves around the cattle and watch from a distance. He had a hunch. It was only a feeling but his feeling had served him well so he went with it. There were no bushes to hide behind so all the men could see each other easily but they did as told. They were good soldiers and never questioned orders.
The sun had gone down, but the moon shed enough light for all to see the cows laying quietly in the hollow. If there was anything near, the cattle would be up and restless. Matak thought he might be wrong, this time. He heard the night birds as he saw small creatures scamper around. Nothing that would tear cattle apart. The darkness was suddenly quiet. No birds could be heard. The small animals had scampered back into their burrows. The soldiers all knew that meant danger nearby, yet the cattle never moved. They just lay and slept as if nothing was happening.
Matak searched the sky when a large dark shadow crossed in front of the moon. His men had their weapons ready. Poised to throw or thrust spears, they waited. It looked so large and black. The wings did not move, yet the creature blocked the light totally. Suddenly all felt the rush of air, but no one saw a thing. The huge creature who had blocked the light went as fast as it had come. Looking around, Matak saw all the men, they were still there, but looking shocked. The cattle were gone. Other than a leg and a head laying on the ground, they had vanished.
He called the men over to his position. They had seen nothing. All had watched where the cattle had been and still they saw nothing. One thought he saw a white blur, but with the lack of light, he was not sure. There were no tracks or even a sign of them. What creature walks the earth but leaves no tracks? 
Matak himself had been watching above and berated himself for that. "We will spend the night here. There is a settlement just over the next hill. We will ask there in the morning. See if they know anymore than we do." Matak told his men. 
The rising sun saw the soldiers walking toward the plowed fields, beyond which sat three wooden houses. They were very well built and seemed deserted. Several cattle moved around in the grassy field to one side of the plowed field. As they got close a young girl came out and waited at the door of the closest house. She wore a plain dress but it did not hide her beauty. Long black hair fell down her shoulder almost to her waist. Matak told his men to wait as he went to the house to get any information he could.
Potria, looked at the dusty soldier as he approached. He must have been a handsome man before he was scarred up, she thought. She spoke as he came closer, "We have little, sir. What do you wish from us?"
"Information child. Nothing more. We are looking for the beast that slaughters cattle in this area. It was near last night, but it eluded us. Tell me what you know and we will leave you in peace." replied Matak. 
"There is a well behind the house if your men wish a cool drink. I am glad that Sharazat is still quick. He does not harm anyone. Why do you want to harm him?" Potria watched Matak carefully, in case he would not tell her the truth. She could always tell if anyone tried to lie. It was a skill her old friend, Shandra, had taught her.
"We were told this creature only killed and terrorized the farmers who lived in these hills. We wish to capture it, but if necessary we will kill it, by order of King RaMond. You call it by name, so you know this creature. Tell me what you know." 
"We know that he only wants to feed. He has harmed no one. Since we started feeding him, he leaves us alone and five cows are a small sacrifice to one who protects us. He came here three winters back and took two cows, but he came back with much fruit as payment. Since then we put some animals out for him and ask for nothing in return, but always he brings fruit that we cannot grow ourselves. Where he gets it we do not know." 
"So you feed this creature. Tell me what he is. What creature can move so fast it is invisible? If he harms no one then why do others send word to the King that he destroys houses and wipes out their herds?" 
"Sharazat is fast but not invisible. What he is I do not know, but he must have tricked you. When he gets his food, he is seldom alone. He does not speak but I watched one night and he did not kill the cows. He took them away with the help of a dragon." 
The rush of wind must have been the dragon then, thought Matak. "He did kill last night. There was a head and leg of at least one animal left behind. Maybe his dragon friend is not so gentle as you claim this Sharazat is."
"I have felt his mind. If there was a dead animal, it was not killed by Sharazat. The blood lust he had is all gone. There is nothing but peace in his mind. I know he would not kill. Why would he get help of the dragons if he only wanted to kill here and eat? No I will not believe that it was him. There is another reason." Potria, thought about what this man had said. She knew what the griffon did with the cattle but she also knew that she could not tell a soldier of the King. 
"You are not telling me something child. There is not enough time to question you now, but I will be back. There is a place I wish to check before the sun is gone." He rose and called to his men, "Let us go, you lot. We will return this way later." Looking back at the girl said, "I am Captain Matak, what is your name child?"
"I am called Potria, sir. I will be here when you wish to question me again."
As he and his men walked away, he wondered why there had been no others around. Not in the field nor had he heard or seen anyone in the house. Strange, but he had other worries to concentrate on. There was a large cave nearby that he wanted to check. It was near night when the cave came into sight. Setting up camp near the entrance the men settled down for the night. There was no sign of activity from the cave and from their camp they could see if anyone entered or left it. The watch order was set and the others slept. Matak rose to take his turn as lookout. The moon was low over the mountains as he relieved the man on duty. 
Looking out over the valley, which was tightly bordered by high rocky hills, with the mountains rising high behind them, he felt at peace. He always felt at ease when he was away from the castle and all the people there. His father had been a farmer before he was killed in the service of the King. The farm had been destroyed in the fighting and he had no where to go, so he had joined the army. There at least he had a home. 
He was clever and rose to command at a young age. There had been many battles, many deaths, so much pain that he finally shut off all emotion. He kept everyone at arms length. The only time Matak was not on his guard and could relax, was on quiet nights, when he was alone. With the stars above and the moon shining over the still land. Even now he was relaxed. His men slept nearby but he felt alone.
A furry creature scurried past in front of him. Matak seldom payed attention to the small animals of the forests. They had always been of no consequence to him, unless he was hungry. Above a streak of light crossed the sky. It followed the path the sun would take, when it rose soon, and vanished before his eyes. He had seen many of these stars trail across the heavens. They were nothing special to him. Other people saw them as omens. Good one time and bad at others. Matak knew what happened in the heavens was of no matter to those on earth. 
The sky was getting lighter as the sun warned of its rising. It was time to wake his men and check the cave. There was probably nothing there, since not a thing had stirred in the night, but caves had always peaked Matak's interest. Ever since he had spent time in one hiding from raiders in his youth. He caught the aroma of the morning drink. The men were up and preparing. He had picked wisely. Men who knew what to do, before being told, were much more preferred than ones who did nothing till they were told. 
With torches in hand, Matak led two men into the cave. He had left the other three to watch the entrance and warn them if anyone, or thing approached. The first part was very large, but the further they went in, the smaller it became. No sign of anyone using it was seen, until they got to the back where the cave stopped, or so it seemed. Someone had used a branch to wipe out signs of footprints that came from the rock wall. Upon close inspection, a very slight crack could be seen. It looked like it was a hidden door. Matak nor his men could find a way to open it. Spears were too big to pry it and no handle or button was found to trigger the door. 
"It is obvious that this has not been used in some time but I do wish to find out what lies inside." said Matak thoughtfully. "We will return with miners. Since we can do nothing let us see if that farm girl can tell us more."
His men agreed that they need help getting through the door. One man even suggested that it may be sealed with magic. He had dealings with witches, and had heard they could seal their lairs with a spell, that required the right words to open and close the entrance. Matak knew that was a possibility, as he too had heard those stories. On the way out they checked the cave again. In case they had missed something, but found nothing so they headed back to the settlement. 
When the men arrived at the place where the houses had been, they found the well but the houses and fields were gone. Look as they might, they found no sign that anything had ever been at this place. Matak found it hard to believe, he had been so fooled by a witch. There could be no other explanation for his conversation with Potria. He smiled at how well she had deceived him as he vowed to himself, that never again would he be so taken in. 
Before this Matak had always seen through any deception, that witches had tried to create. Maybe this was different. Maybe she had cast a love spell on him. He had been attracted to the girl. He had let his guard down slightly. That was now past. If she was seen again he would interrogate her as he did with all the king's enemies. For now he had other things to take care of. In the morning they would travel into the mountains and search more for the beast, and his dragon friends.
As he took his turn at watching, he thought more about where he would find a creature that had dragons at his call. Only high in the mountains could such large creatures hide, and he had an idea of where. He knew a wizard lived in these high peaks. If he could find him then he would get the answers he wanted. 
A furry squirrel scurried past him. It stopped and looked at him, just out of his reach. Matak watched it closely. Something about this small animal was familiar. It was like the many others he had seen, but somehow it was not the same. Before he could think on it more, he was relieved by the next guard. As he stood, the animal ran off. He must be tired. His mind was playing tricks on him. He slipped into his bedroll and slept.
Two days of searching and talking to farmers took Matak and his men deep into the hills and to the trail that led into the mountains, where all had told him the wizard lived. The men took the climb up to a high meadow with ease. The view from here was a good one, as you could see much of the land below, and no army would get past, without being seen. Matak made note to talk to the king about an outpost here. With a signal system, one man could watch and warn of any attack. 
The meadow was big, with no sign of life. It ended at the base of a steep cliff. The sheds behind the stone shelter were empty. The hut itself looked as if it was lived in. Maybe the owner would be back soon. Matak had the men make camp behind it, so they would not be seen easily and had the guard watch for anyone coming up the trail. Now all that he could is wait. 
Days passed and other than a few birds flying over, nothing but the soldiers stirred. Matak knew they could not wait longer. Supplies were low and he would have to tell the king that he had failed. He would give it one more sunrise. As he waited he walked around the meadow. Standing before the rock wall, he had a sense of many people around him but he saw nothing. He knew the wizard was powerful, but had no idea that he was just a couple of steps from finding out where the griffon he sought had gone.
Turning back to the camp, Matak wondered if there was something other to life. The farmers he had talked to were all poor, but they were happy with their lives. He had never felt happy with his life. The only contentment he had came when he was alone with his thoughts. Strange he thought, as his men seemed happy when they were at the castle with others. Matak was getting older and he knew soon it would be time for him to stop roaming. Would he become just another old soldier, giving advice that was outdated? He hoped not but what choice did he have.
From behind a rock came a sweet voice, "Come back here soldier. I will teach you all there is to life. We can live here in peace, away from all the war you have known."
Matak jumped swiftly, but all he grabbed was air. There was no one there. He searched around but saw no one. He heard giggling but there was no one there.
"You are slow. I am the wind and shadow. You will not catch me till you come with a clear mind and no malice in your heart. Go now and when you are ready, return alone. I will be here waiting," said the familiar voice.
It was the voice of the girl, Potria. "So you are a witch watching us," he said. "You did a good job, fooling me. I will think on your words." Matak turned and walked back to the camp. He did not sleep that night. Only thinking of his encounter.
After returning to the castle he was sent north, to see what he could find on the green island. Matak knew he was being punished for failing, but it did not matter. The voyage was not easy and he was ill for most of it. Once ashore, he strolled inland and had only gone a few steps, into the woods, when he no longer heard the men from the ship. Looking back he could see the shore, but there was no boat anchored there. It was gone. Puzzled he stepped back toward the beach. Then there they were. Stepping back and forth, he realized that there was a barrier that one could walk through, but not see through. 
He was not heard from again, and all assumed he was dead. They would never know he had found his witch there, and with her, he found happiness and peace. The island was a sanctuary for all the persecuted peoples and creatures that survived the rough water crossing. Dragons brought some to safety, but most had to swim or came by ship. There was no war, hatred or greed. All helped those who needed it. It was not an easy life, but it was a good one. It was Matak's heaven. The place he found his true self, with Potria's help.
Chapter Sixteen
Everyone parted as the old cloaked figure walked through the sellers' stalls, in the dockside market. Whispers passed among those watching, some thought he was a dangerous wizard, while others took him for a hired killer. The man paid no attention, what they thought was not his concern. Halbes, had just gotten off the boat that carried him from the green island in the north. He was hungry after the rough crossing and only wanted food. 
Sitting at a table in the back of the Inn he ordered a meal. He had seen many towns and gathering places in his wanderings and this one was no different then most. It was bigger than some, but smaller than the ones in the south. He ate quietly, ignoring the glances from others. When had finished he called for an ale. It was a bit weak and bitter, but he had had worse. As he paid, he asked where the ruler of this country was. The barkeep told him and asked if he had business there. 
"Where I go, and what I do, is no concern of yours. Just be thankful I find your fare adequate." With that he walked out and strode south toward where he was told the king lived. The road was broad, with a few wagons heading in either direction. There were houses well spaced apart, with animals grazing the fields near by and crops growing well in others. Some of the houses were very well kept, while others looked ready to fall down, but they were lived in as Halbes observed wash on the line or dirty children playing near by.
By observing Halbes had survived his tour of the planet, and seen almost all this world had to give. The vast forests across the wide oceans. The massive desert in the south. Frozen lands in the north and all the things in between. All the many peoples that inhabited the planet and almost all the creatures that lived in the wilds. There were other places but little if anything lived there, or so he had been told by those who had travelled to those lands. He was sure there were some he had not seen. In all his travels, one thing was the same. Where humans were, the old creatures had left. Driven into hiding or killed for sport of man. Why men had to kill things for sport, he would never understand.
Halbes noticed a man walking toward him. His ragged clothes and how he kept looking around, put him on alert. A thief no doubt. As he read his mind, he saw that he was the target. With a sigh, he prepared himself and as the man was about to pass, he said, "You do not wish to die, so move on and I will let you live."
The thief was startled and stopped. He just stood there and watched the hooded figure walk away, wondering how he had known. It was a question that would bother him so much that he when he arrived in the town, he would lose his life, when he attempted to rob a soldier.
Halbes saw more houses ahead and on a hill stood a castle. That must be where King RaMond was. He stopped at an Inn long enough for a drink and to ask what lay ahead on the road. He overhead some men talk of a beast the king was searching for. After a few questions he realized it was a griffon and had been taken by dragons and a large bird. Halbes knew that  the bird was a roc, although he had never seen one, he had heard many stories about them.
After finding out which way they had gone, he paid for his drink and left. He found a road off to the east and headed for the mountains. If there was a roc there he had to at least see it. There was no place he had to be. No one waiting for him, as he walked and thought about the roc, a small brightly coloured bird landed on his shoulder.
"Well hello, my feathered friend. What brings you to a dusty old traveller?" he asked, not expecting an answer.
"You are wrong, Halbes. Zofiya awaits you in the mountains," chirped the bird. "She sent me to guide you."
Slightly surprised Halbes looked at the bird and asked, "Is she the roc I have heard about? I will be happy to meet her."
"You will, if you take the trail between the oaks a league ahead on this road. I will wait there for you. So you do not miss it." The tiny bird flew off and Halbes smiled. 
He knew all creatures had a voice, but never had he talked with a winged one before. Maybe it was because he only watched them, never tried to communicate. He enjoyed their songs and watching them flit about building nests and finding food for themselves and their young. He must try to talk to more. He could learn more from them than any of the men he talked to. Staff in hand he walked briskly on.
He saw no wild animals as he went on. Then his little friend returned. "Just ahead you will see the trail. Follow it to the stream and then follow the stream to its source. Farewell. I have to get back to my family." The bird flew off without waiting for a reply.
"Thank you my friend," Halbes said to the air. It was not far to the stream and after filling his water pouch, he followed the stream as he was directed. The green trees grew thick here and the air was so clean and fresh. He did enjoy walking through nature. The stream babbled as it ran over the rocks and down to the sea. It almost talked to him. A very soothing sound, as were the many birds that constantly chirped in the trees. 
Occasionally he heard the grass and bushes rustle, but never caught sight of what caused it. There was not enough wind so it had to be an animal. A shy one no doubt. He smiled and said, "I will not harm you, whoever you are. I only wish to pass in peace." No answer came, but Halbes was content in knowing that he was not being hunted. He had been once by hungry cats, they were called lions, by the people who lived in that place. He did not wish to relive that here, but then he did not have the magic then as he did now. It had been a woman, called Sira, who had saved him from being a meal. She had just talked to them and made them understand that he was not a good meal. 
Sira had taught him many things about the creatures in that land, and had been with him as he roamed, till they had come to the great sea. He missed her company, but she could not leave her land, and he could not stay. All he had was his memories. His was not a life that many females would take on. In his wanderings Halbes had known several women, but Sira was the one he always remembered. Maybe because she had been the one who was closest to a mate that he had known.
After a steep climb, Halbes came to a meadow, filled with many wild flowers and a stone hut on one side. He went to the hut, but it was empty. From the dust, no one had been here for a long time. He would spend the night here before he went looking for the streams source. Taking some wood that was next to the fireplace, he started a warming flame. He had a little food and shook the dust from the blankets before he laid down to get some sleep.
The wind whistled over the chimney as the fire burned itself down. In his mind he remembered a story of a powerful wizard who lived in the mountains and hid dragons and other creatures who were persecuted by mankind. Maybe this was his home, but what had happened to him? He pushed it from his mind and fell off into a deep sleep.
The bright sun coming through the window, woke Halbes. He looked around and found himself in a wooden cabin. Slightly larger than the hut he went to sleep in. How had he come here and where was he? He rose and went outside. There he found a lake and he saw that he was in a valley surrounded by mountains. "Come with me. You are confused. I will take you to Zofiya. She can explain all to you."
Halbes turned to see a large creature. It had the body of a lion, although much bigger than any he had seen, and the head of an eagle. It had wings tucked tight to it's body. This was the beast that King RaMond was searching for. The griffon. "Lead on then. I will follow."
"It will be better if you get on and hold tight to my mane. Much faster too."
Climbing up he sat as he was told. No sooner did he get a hold of the heavy fur then the griffon was off running at a speed Halbes never thought possible for a creature on the ground. They followed a wide trail to a stone tower and then turned and followed the road back to the lake and past it. Everything seemed a blur. With a sharp turn, that nearly threw him off, they went down a path into a large clearing. Here they stopped and the griffon said, "You wait here. Zofiya will come soon."
No sooner had he slipped off the griffon, then it was gone. Looking around, there were shelters all around the clearing and a large platform at one end. There was a large fire pit in front of the platform. Maybe this was a spiritual place for those that must live here or why would there be shelters? He had a feeling of being watched, but he could see no one. A screech, pierced the air. Looking up he saw two dragons circling above and the form of a bird grew larger as it came closer. He watched it in amazement. 
The bird looked like an eagle but was as dark as a crow. Feathers shone in the sunlight and it was so big. So this was a roc. It was bigger than many of the ships he had travelled the seas on. He watched it circle and land in the centre of the clearing. He was hesitant to go closer but in his mind he heard it say, "I am Zofiya, child. Come closer, if you wish. I am what you call a Roc. I am protector of this place. You have met Sharazat, the griffon. Why do you wish to see us? You are a wandering priest of the island called, Oileánglasa, are you not?"
"Yes Zofiya, I do wander, but only to acquire knowledge of the world we live in. It is true I have magical knowledge, but I am no priest. My dress suits my purpose. Nothing more. I spent time on Oileánglasa, but am not a child of that beautiful land. May I touch your feathers?" Halbes asked timidly.
"If you wish child. What is the purpose?"
"Just so I can feel their texture. It helps me understand things and how they are. I have felt many bird feathers but yours are different. They feel as velvet. Thank you for allowing me to touch you. I have many questions and if you would be so kind, would like to speak much more with you."
"Of course child. Climb on Drachen, and he will take you to my nest. We can talk as long as you wish."  
A red dragon landed nearby and Halbes climbed on. He had never ridden a dragon before so was nervous. As the dragon sprang into the air, it said, "Stay in the centre and hold my scales. You will be safe."
The ground dropped away and they soared high above the valley. As Zofiya went one way, the dragon soared off to the east and told him he would circle the valley so he could see what lays below. Halbes looked down and saw unicorns, a village with farmers working the fields, a small orchard, the tower, he had seen before. There were centaurs in another meadow. He was amazed as he thought most of these creatures were lost to the world, except for the ones that lived on the island. Soon the world became smaller and they soared up into the southern mountains. Ahead he saw Zofiya and was soon standing beside her nest. 
"You gave him a tour Drachen. Go now child. You have other things to do. I will call when he wishes to go."
The dragon flew off and was soon a dot in the sky. "Now Halbes, ask what you will, make yourself comfortable. There is a fur in the cave if you get cold. It is not so warm for children of men this high in the mountains."
After finding the fur, and a place that was comfortable, they talked and Zofiya told Halbes all about the persecution that drove the elves, dwarves and other creatures into hiding here. He queried about the wizard and how he created the barrier that protected them. They talked till the moon was high over them. Halbes slept and ate the food that seemed to appear from out of the air. 
Zofiya showed him all that happened, by putting visions in his mind. He never knew a creature could do that. He had seen so much but felt as if he had not seen anything till now. When all his questions were done, Zofiya requested that she see what he had. 
"I do not know how to project my thoughts. I have never experienced that before. I am sorry or would willingly share my thoughts with you."
"You just think of them and I will see child. It is not hard, if you try. Think of your beginning and show me your travels," said Zofiya.
Halbes pictured the earliest thoughts he had and went through all the events he had seen and been through. When they were finished he was very tired. "Thank you child. You rest now. When you wake a woman will come to you and she will be your companion till you choose to leave us, and continue your journey. Whatever you need, she will take care of. Now sleep Halbes, it was good to meet you."
Those were the last words he heard from Zofiya. He fell into a sound sleep. Waking to the sound of a crackling fire as the sun started to rise over the high peaks. A girl was cooking over the fire and glanced at him as he sat up. "Go and wash up." she said, pointing toward the lake, nearby. "Food will be ready when you return. Don't take long or it will be burnt."
"You are my guide?" asked Halbes, when he returned and sat on the log near the fire. 
"Yes. I am Mayi. My mistress has told me to see to any needs you have while you are here." The dark skinned girl said. 
As he ate Halbes looked over his companion and realized she was not fully human as she appeared. Her pointed ears gave her away. She was too tall to be full elf but maybe she was a halfling. Definitely a witch, from her dress, or at least was training to be one. She talked very little but always spoke her mind when she did speak. 
They went to the elf village and toured the entire valley over the next full moon. On the evening of the second full moon Halbes told her he had truly enjoyed seeing the valley and all that was here, but it was time he moved on. "Thank you for all you have done for me. I will miss you. If you can show me the way out I will be on my way."
"You sleep here and Zofiya will see that you are returned to the world outside. It was good to meet you Halbes. You will be remembered my friend. Farewell." She got up and walked across the clearing and into the woods beyond, as Halbes laid down to sleep. He was not sure how it happened, but remembered that Zofiya had told him that it was easier to pass through the barriers, when he was not conscience of it. 
He woke back inside the dusty hut. The valley was an interesting place and he marvelled at the strong defenders it had, but he was sad that so many had to hide and be kept from the rest of the world. It was a sad thing that the world would lose all the creatures that had once made it a beautiful place to live. 
Gathering up his things, Halbes headed back down the mountain and continued his travels, wondering if he would ever settle down in one place. He had seen many solstices come and go, and knew he would see many more. He had time and much more travelling to do.
Chapter Seventeen
In a small hut, at the edge of a seaside village, a frail looking woman gave birth to her only child. Unlike many births she had seen, she had little pain. The girl child came into the world and was bundled in a rough cloth that was made by her mother. She held the small bundle to her chest, and fell to sleep, hoping her man would accept a girl child, when he finally returned from the seas.
Five winters came and went. The child grew and absorbed all her mother taught her. She knew all the plants of the forest. She could make potions, and knew what they were used for. Her mother was getting weaker as the seasons passed. She would take on more and more of the work. She and her mother had always lived alone. She knew her father was a fisherman, but neither he, or the boat he was on, ever returned. 
It was a stormy evening in the cooling season, when her mother gave her a small bag and told her to take it to the witch, who lived in the forest, many leagues away. She had gone there once with her mother, so she knew the way. Her mother gave her a large cloak and demanded she not speak to anyone on the way. It was a strange request as Shandra loved to talk to all she met. She enjoyed the stories they told. She promised her mother to do as she was told and would hurry back. 
She placed drink and some food where her mother could reach it and kissed her on the forehead. Taking the cloak and putting it on as her mother instructed, she turned to see a tear in her mother's eye. "I will return as soon as I can mama," she said as she closed the door and hurried down the road. 
"No child. I hope you never do. Goodbye my sweet Shandra." spoke her mother to the closed door as she lay back and slept for the last time.
Pulling her cloak tighter, against the cold wind, the child hurried along in the dark. She barely notice the colourful leaves blowing around her. She saw no one on the road and knew there would be none on the small trail, deep into the dark forest. It was a very narrow trail, and occasionally the bramble bushes tugged at the cloak, that trailed slightly behind her. The sky had brightened slightly by the time she stood in front of the small wooden hut. 
She shivered as she knocked on the door. There was no sound from within. Opening the door, she saw nobody inside. The fire was going so she went in and warmed herself. She was supposed to give the package to the woman they called a witch, so she would just have to wait till she returned, even though she wanted to get back to her mother. The wind blew hard outside, but the hut was warm. How long she waited, she did not know. It seemed like a very long time, when the door opened and in came the old woman, carrying a bundle of sticks. 
"Well child, you have made yourself at home. It is good. Take these and place them by the fire. Then tell me what brings you here in such foul weather." 
"Mother sent this," Shandra said, holding the little bundle out.
"So her time has come. I had hoped it would not be so soon. Then take off those clothes and put on the ones on the chair over there." The old one pointed to a box in the corner. "Your mother made them for you and should fit you well."
"I have to go back. Mama needs me."
"You live here now child. The pouch you brought tells me your mother has gone back to the spirits. You were young last time you came here, but it was agreed then, that I would take you, when your mother's time came. Now do not delay. Change out of those peasant garments."
Shandra rose, walked to the chest and looked in at the delicately embroidered dresses, inside. They were very beautiful, yet simple. She did not understand all that was happening but knew she was never to disobey her elders. After laying her worn dress on a chair, she pull the dark blue dress from the trunk. It fit perfectly and had silver braids around the long sleeves. It had an eye, with what she assumed were rays coming from it, in the centre over her chest.
"Very good choice child. The symbol for protection and truth. The all seeing eye." said the old woman, as she hung Shandra's cloak over the rack to dry. "I will cover this so it no longer gets wet, but there is much time for that. Come sit here and tell me what you know. What has my daughter taught you?"
"Yes O'ma." Shandra sat in the chair next to the old woman. She talked of the plants and potions she knew of, speaking of them in great detail, as her mother had taught her. She had believed that all knowledge should be shared and never kept to ones self. Many could not  remember what they were told but they should at least be told so they could help themselves when a healer was not near. It was very dark outside and quiet as the wind had stopped, finally, when she finished speaking. 
"You will call me, Ailsa. I am kin child. It is late and we both need sleep now. You curl up on the fur near the fire. It will keep you warm and tomorrow, I will give you your duties, and start your lessons in the healing arts of Mother Earth."
The old lady lay in the small bed, as Shandra curled up in the very warm fur. A tear trickled from her eye as she thought of never seeing her mother again. She did not understand death. Never knowing her father, and now having to stay with this old woman, it was very confusing to her. 
Ailsa taught her more over the next few years, till that terrible day in her twelfth year. The soldiers came. Before they arrived, she was told to lay under the bed. She was to stay there, covered by her cloak, no matter what happened. She was to be silent and not move. Shandra knew that she would not be seen, as the cloak was magical and made her invisible to the eye. She did not understand, but did as she was told.
Only two men came in as the others waited outside. They pushed Ailsa on the bed as they searched everywhere. There was nothing of value here. They yelled at the old woman and one at a time pounced on her, on the bed. She cursed them as they stood and pull their trousers up. One turned and slapped her hard, Shandra felt the wall shake as Ailsa hit it with her body. The men laughed as they walked outside.
She dared not move. The voices outside were still loud, but she needed to see to Ailsa's wounds. She knew she was hurt as she had not moved and there was blood flowing down the wall. Slowly she crawled out making sure to keep the cloak over her. With a touch she knew Ailsa was alive. There was a large cut on her head but before she could do anything Ailsa whispered in a laboured voice, "Stay hidden child. I will tell you when to come out."
Reluctantly, Shandra crawled under the bed again. A moment later one of the men came in. He swung his head around then looked outside and loudly said, "You must be listening to voices in your head. The old lady is dead and there is no one else here. Let us go. We had our fun." A voice outside suggest burning the hut, but just then a loud thundering sound of many hoofs was heard and the men yelled warnings and Shandra heard the sound of feet running away. 
The sound grew so loud that it was all that filled the ears. Through the open doorway she saw huge beast running past, sending dust into the hut till it blurred them from view. Ailsa, sat up saying, "Help me child. I need the suave and a wrapping cloth. Hurry please Shandra."
After bandaging her wounds Shandra heard heavy steps. She turned to look in case the men had returned. She saw a fur covered face the filled the doorway. It was one big beast, it's head almost filled the doorway. No wonder the men had run.
Ailsa said, "Thank you Ak, I had hoped you heard me. You have helped me greatly. Just one more question. Do you know where Taynoric is keeping himself?"
"We came as fast as we could. You are safe now. Men still run. They far away now." said a voice in Shandra's head. It startled her. "He is toward sunrise. Near elves. We go now. Stay near to protect."
"You are kind Ak. I will not forget. Stay safe. The men hunt you too." replied Ailsa.
"Teach young one" the beast said as it left and walked off into the woods.
"Close your mouth child," said Ailsa. "I will show you that all creatures communicate, if you listen properly. Not many men do listen and that is their loss."
Shandra never again went out without her cloak, as she took care of Ailsa. Four suns came and went, as she slowly learned to hear the animals speak. Then Ailsa handed her a bag that held the clothes from the trunk. "We must leave now. Soon men will return. I sense them coming."
They pushed their way carefully through the heavy bushes, heading toward the high mountains in the east. After some time they came to a stream and rested. Ailsa was breathing heavily and Shandra redressed the bandage. Her wound had not healed as it should have by now. "We must rest Ailsa. You cannot go on like this." she said. 
"You are right child but we must go on. You do not know the way, and there are many pitfalls, for one so young. We will rest a little longer then go." With that statement Ailsa lay back and closed her eyes.
Shandra was restless, so she walked a short way up stream and then down. All was quiet but through a break in the trees, she saw a black column of smoke. It was from the direction they had come. She was sure the hut had been torched. From behind she heard Ailsa say, "Yes child. It is gone. We must continue now. Before it gets too dark." 
They followed the stream at a slower pace. Ailsa leaned more on her staff but never complained. Shandra walked behind always ready, if her teacher faltered. It was not long before they came to a trail across the creek and they followed it, to the north. A large house came into view. They stopped in front and two male elves came out and assisted Ailsa inside.
A female elf told them to take her upstairs while Shandra was told to rest by the fire. It was not long before the female returned and sat beside Shandra. "Ailsa rests. She will not go on with you child. I will take you to Taynoric, when the sun rises again. You will rest and if you wish, you can speak to Ailsa after the evening meal. Till then you are free to go where you wish. Just do not wander out of sight of this place. It is not safe, as soldiers are always coming by looking to take females for their pleasure." The female rose, "I am Sithean. You can mind speak. If you want anything call me that way." She walked off back upstairs, leaving Shandra to wonder what was happening to her. 
Every time she felt safe and happy, something happened to take it away. She went into the garden out back and found a bench to sit and think about her life and where it was going. She could not stand it if anything happened to Ailsa. She was now the mother she had lost. The thought of losing her, was more than she thought she could bear. As she sat feeling sorry a bluebird landed next to her. 
"Do not fear Shandra, you are being watched." It went on talking by saying, "You have much to learn yet and will be kept safe. Have faith young one. When Taynoric is done teaching, we of the world will show you more. You will know more pain, but will survive it, and become a great witch. Taynoric has seen it and we will be with you always. Never lose hope."
It flew off before she could say a thing. Yes there was much more to learn. She knew all there was about healing and yet, Ailsa was not healing. Obviously she did not know enough. The reds and oranges of the coming dark filled the sky. She got up and went inside. She wanted to talk to her mentor. 
Sithean, met her and sat her at the table to eat. She picked at it till she was told it would be a long walk and she would need her strength. The fact that she would not talk to Ailsa if she did not eat, helped improve her appetite. Without tasting it, she gobbled it down and as she rose to go upstairs, Sithean said, "You will sleep in the room at the end of the hall, next to Ailsa's room. I will see you as the sun rises. Sleep well child." 
One of the males indicated a door near the end of the hall. She went in and sat beside the bed. Ailsa looked up and took her hand saying, "I am sorry child, I so wanted to see you blossom, into the beautiful young woman, I know you will become. My time will soon arrive, so from here it is in Taynoric's hands. Be patient with him, and watch. He is not, a big talker, but he will, show you much, about the dark side of magic." 
"Rest my dear friend. I will stay with you. We can talk later," spoke Shandra, with a lump in her throat.
"Go. Rest child. We will meet again."
Shandra knew better than to argue. She kissed the old woman on the forehead, slowly slipping her hand from Ailsa's. She slowly walked to the door and closed it. The male looked at her. Placing a hand on her shoulder, said "We will take care of her. Do not fear. You rest now. You will leave early." He opened the door saying, "Sleep well child." 
Alone she lay down in the soft bed. Looking out the window she saw the stars. One flashed across the dark heavens. She made a silent wish. Her eyes grew heavy and she soon slept. It was restless sleep of her mother and the soldiers that had injured Ailsa. She dreamt of soldiers chasing her through strange woods and the trees trying to hold her. She screamed out. Opening her eyes and sitting up she was greeted with, "Easy child. It was only a bad dream. You are safe. Come let us eat and go. We must be there before nightfall."
Sithean walked out as Shandra got up and yawning, followed, after looking in at Ailsa, who was still asleep. They were not on the road long when she was lead between the bushes to a pond, where a very large animal waited. It's dark brown, long fur covered all but it's short horns and face. She had seen it before. The night they were attacked. She said hello Ak and was not surprised when it greeted her by name. Sithean climbed on and Shandra climbed up behind her. "Keep low. Bush knock you, if not." 
With that advice the beast leapt off and at a speed she had never known. As much as she wanted to watch ahead, the brush of branches kept her laying low at the back of Sithean. She tucked her cloak tighter, so it would not be caught. She did not know how long they had travelled, when Ak stopped beside a wide river. Sliding down she took a drink and asked the beast what kind of animal he was. She had never been told of these large hairy beasts.
"Man call us modrow. They hunt and kill. Some work. Many hide. We not like man." It drank in long swallows, using his tongue as a siphon. For a beast so big, he was as gentle as a baby lamb. Not as soft though. She watched it carefully and saw that with six, wide padded feet, he left less of a deep footprint, then he would have if he only have four, like the other beasts she knew. 
Suddenly Ak raised his head and snapped, "Soldiers come. You hide. I stay near. Back when they leave."
Shandra followed Sithean into some heavy bushes. "Be quiet and still child. We must not be seen. Keep your cloak on."
They crouched as low to the ground as possible and Shandra placed the cloak over both of them. Sithean smiled and pressed closer to Shandra. They watched as six men in a boat came into view and beached the boat on the shore across from them. They sat, drank and were talking, but she could not make out what they were saying. One man went into the woods. Shortly he came back dragging a human female by one arm. Even from here she saw that she was bruised and barely dressed. Her dress was ripped and fell to her waist. 
Two men held her arms and legs as they all took turns laying on her with their trousers down showing their rears to the sky. As they did this a young boy came out of the woods yelling at them. One soldier nearby, took the child's head off, with one swing of his sword. The female screamed, and even from were she was, Shandra heard her sobbing. Sithean placed her arm over Shandra, holding her close. When the men had finally done with her, they left her to crawl to the boy's body, got in their boat and rowed downstream. Once they had gone Ak returned and Shandra got up sobbing. 
"There is nothing we can do child." stated Sithean. "We must go. I have sent word to others who will care for her and help bury her brother." 
Climbing on Ak's back, they headed further up stream to a place where they could easily cross the river. From there they followed a narrow trail deep into the hills. As the sun was just hanging low in sky they arrived at a small clearing. 
"Come child, we have arrived." Sithean stated, as she slid off Ak. "Thank you my friend. You go now and I will see you later." She patted Ak's neck, as he left them standing alone in the woods. 
Shandra looked around and asked, "Here? I thought you were taking me to some wizard's place. Is he nearby in the woods?" 
"Do not be so impatient, child. Now come and help gather fuel for the fire. We will need heat for the night. Taynoric will be here before morning." 
They gathered fallen twigs and branches. Once the fire was going they ate and drank their tea. There was little talk, so Shandra thought of what she had seen this day and as she fell asleep, swore that she would become a strong witch, so she could protect everyone she could, from the brutal men that had come, and took what they wanted. They cared for nothing but themselves. Shandra would make sure they would not take anyone or anything she cared for.
Chapter Eighteen
It was still dark as Shandra sat up from her sleep, shivering in the frost that covered the ground. She piled up some sticks and before she could light them herself, a flame sprang up in the centre and the fire came to life. Startled she sprang up, looked around to see a dark shape approaching. It carried a water pouch and crouched beside the fire. The man poured water into the pot and sprinkled some crushed leaves into it.
In a deep voice he spoke, "I was hoping to be here sooner. Sorry if I startled you child. I am your teacher, Taynoric. You have been through much but that is now in the past, young one. In time you will understand the cruelty of this world we live in. You have a large capacity for learning so do as you are told and you will achieve your goal to help others. Yes I heard your thoughts last night. You will find there is little I do not know or hear."
"You got my message Taynoric?" asked Sithean as she stirred and rose from her bedding. "Smells like your special tea."
"Yes I have made sure the child was cared for. The men paid dearly for their deed. It was a fitting end to their lives. They lived by cruelty and died in the cruellest way possible. I will spare you the details. Let me just say that I do like how the ants kept them alive for a long time before they let them die." Taynoric was grinning as he spoke. He seemed to enjoy the pain the men had gone through. 
Shandra felt some relief that the men had paid for what they did. As she sipped a cup of the sweet tea she looked over her new teacher. He had seen many years, but still had many left. His face hair made him look older. His hair had not been cut in years as it hung all over like a wild hedge. His skin was well weathered from many years of sun. His clothes were made from the deepest blue cloth, she had ever seen. They almost looked black. There was no ornamentation on it, yet there was a sense of something special about the cloth. 
"Do I meet your approval, child." Taynoric asked, bringing Shandra back from her thoughts. "Come child. We should go. We will have to arrange your shelter before the night comes again."
They walked along the trail, Shandra following a few steps behind, always up over hills and along mountain paths. Taynoric did not speak, other than telling her to rest when they stopped by a stream to rest, after a steep climb. As the sun got lower in the sky, he pushed through a bush. Shandra followed. She found herself standing in front of a cave. 
"Come child. We are almost there." Taynoric said. He waited till she was inside then waved his hand and spoke a spell. They continued many paces and came out into a small valley. There was a small hut beside a creek. A straw filled shelter was off to one side. There were no animals here but Shandra assumed that there had been at one time. 
"Come into the hut. It will be cool out here when the sun goes away. You can make food I hope." Taynoric winked at her. 
The room was not big, but everything was handy, so Shandra started to prepare tea and get the food started. "You do not have much here. Where do you get supplies? I can go and get them if you wish."
"I will take care of that child. You have much reading to do. This world is becoming more dangerous for people who have powers, such as we do. You must be careful outside. You have seen what men do to females. I prefer you do not go anywhere alone. I will see to it that Shan, the eagle, keeps an eye on you when you are alone. He will make sure you are kept safe."
After eating Shandra was shown into the only other room, her room. There was a stack of books in the corner, for her to read. "You will not leave here till you know all that is in these. Then your training will start in earnest."
It took several passings of the full moon, but she learned all her lessons well, and became very adept at fire and changing spells, much to Taynoric's chagrin. He did not enjoy being turned into a goat. Shandra made sure she controlled her spells much better after that error. She had gone out and enjoyed the small canyon as her teacher called this place. It was less than a league long and only a hundred paces across but there were many wildflowers growing here and wild animals were always coming and going. 
They brought news of outside happenings. When the unicorn, Orion came, Taynoric seemed very worried. He started showing her more and pressed for her to learn faster. He never told her why, but he taught her about how things are in the world. How to defend herself against men, without using magic. She learned her lessons quickly and along with the scrolls he gave her, she would be able to survive alone. 
Taynoric, sat down and looked at her, as they ate on a cold winter day. She had been there for five winters and knew so much more than when she had come. "You are ready child. You may keep this hut if you wish. I must go into the mountains. There are many creatures that need to find a safe haven. They will look to me. I cannot let them down. Tomorrow Myrian will come for me. You watch yourself child. If you ever need help, call me. You now know how to transmit mind thoughts."
Shandra looked at him with surprise and asked, "What will I do? I thought it would take longer to teach me your ways."
"You will be fine child. You care for those oppressed. You have met all my friends here and they will continue to help you. Shan has his nest nearby and he will watch over you. We will meet again my child. Our paths part here, but they will cross when you have your destiny firmly in hand. Till then watch, learn and stay safe." 
Taynoric was gone when Shandra woke the next morning. She went to the nearest town as her watcher flew above her to watch for dangers. She was purchasing vegetables when two men pressed a young shop keeper for their amusement. The young female struggled as best she could against them. 
Shandra walked up to them and stated, "Let her go or my friend will teach you the error of your ways."
The bigger man looked at her and laughed. "What friend wench? You are alone. Wait your turn and we will take care of you next." He went to push Shandra back when Shan sailed past his head and raked his face with his claws. He grabbed his face and screamed in pain as he collapsed and rolled on the ground.
The smaller man stood in shock, still holding the girl. "You wish my friend to teach you too? Let her go and your face will be spared."
He released his grip and took a quick step toward Shandra. Before he could grab her, she lifted her knee and drove it between his legs. He doubled over and she brought her knee up again, right into his face. She pushed him away and grabbed the girl. "Come. They will not be happy when they recover. We must go."
Smiling she quickly followed Shandra out of town and into the woods. When they were safe, Shandra stopped and they rested. "So you have family back there? Is there anyone who needs to know you are safe?"
The young girl hung her head and said, "No. My uncle does not care. I was a servant to him. He used me. Sold me to whoever wanted me. He will miss the coins I earned with my body. My parents died from the last plague. I have no one."
"I am Shandra. You have me now." Holding out her arm to let the eagle land, she continued with, "and this is Shan. He will watch us both. If you wish, I will teach you healing and ways to protect yourself from stupid men. If not, you are free to go where you wish."
"I have no where to go. If you are willing then I will be your student. You are a witch, are you not?" the girl asked.
"I am more, but witch will do. Go Shan and see that they do not follow. I sense another nearby. Show me who it is." The bird flew off and in a moment Shandra saw threw his eyes. "A girl. She is a slip of a thing. Looks totally lost. Herd her to me Shan. She may need help." Looking at the one she rescued, Shandra asked, "Your name. What are you called?"
"Forgive me mistress. I am Raft. If I may ask. You see what the bird sees. How?"
"What silly name have they given you. Raft is no name for any woman. From now on, you will be called Resia. As for my link with Shan, you will find I have many such abilities. In time you too can learn them. Now let us make room for the scared child. She will be here shortly." 
"Thank you mistress. I like my new name. I am your servant," said Resia, with a curtsy.
"You are no servant girl. A student with chores to be sure, but only a student. Get ready, she may need to be held as we calm her. Shan is not so subtle when he approaches people."
The young girl burst through the brush, knocking Resia flat on the ground. Shandra took her arm and as she struggled to get away, Shandra said, "Calm yourself child. We wish to help you, not harm you. The bird brought you to me as he was asked to do. Now stop struggling or I will have to put a sleep spell on you."
The child was dirty and her short hair matted. She stopped struggling and looked around at the women who held her. "You, you sent that bird? Who are you? What do you want of me?" she stammered.
Shandra looked her over before she said, "You have been running for a long time, it seems. You cannot be more than twelve winters. We will spend the night here and go when the sun rises. Tell us why you are out here alone and what you are called child." 
"I have been called many names by the men who owned me. I prefer, Nolis. That is what my mother called me, before I was taken from her." The girl went on to describe her life as a slave at the castle. She had seen much more than a child should ever see. When a woman she had cared for, was killed for refusing one of the king's men, she decided to run. She had been running from the soldiers for many days. They only searched for her because she had killed her master, Seth, with his own sword, to get away. 
She survived by stealing food and hiding during the day. If the soldiers had not been close to finding her she would not have been moving so Shan could see her. Shandra put the fire out and got the girls ready to leave. "We cannot stay here. If you wish to come with us Nolis, come. You will be safe as long as you do as you are told. Shan, I need your eyes. Find the soldiers and show me."
"Come, Resia. Nolis. We will go now. It is not safe here. We will be home by sunrise and safe from the soldiers." Shandra started off through the woods, without waiting to see if the others were coming. She had no wish to encounter the soldiers. 
Shan's vision came to her and she knew the soldiers had camped not too far away for the night. That was good. They were on the wrong trail, but if they were hunting for this child, Shandra would take no chances. They had to be in a safe place as soon as possible. She called Shan back and went on with the others close behind her. 
They slowed their pace as it grew darker. Shandra knew the way and led on. Nolis was getting tired, but she kept going, with Resia carrying her small pack. Shandra stopped at the stream as the sun rose. They rested for some time before Shandra woke Nolis and they continued.
"Are we close?" asked Nolis, who was having trouble keeping her eyes open. 
"Yes child. It is right there." Shandra said as she stepped between the bushes. "You two go ahead. I need to hide the entrance." Quietly she spoke the hiding spell Taynoric had taught her, before she followed. 
"This is a beautiful place. You live here alone?" Nolis had her eyes wide open at the sight of the hut and small valley it stood in. 
"Resia, take Nolis to the stream and made sure she washed properly. I will not have a swamp rat smelling girl at my table. I will make food. We will eat, then you can rest."
After they ate, Shandra told them to rest. She had something to do and would not be far, now that they were safe from the soldiers. She walked outside and sat crossed legged on the flat rock just up from the cabin. Resia put Nolis to bed and then stepped out and watched Shandra. She just sat there, with eyes closed, face to the sky. 
Resia thought this must be her way of thinking. She had no idea Shandra was talking to her friends and asking for their help. The cabin would have to be made bigger, now that there were three of them. Resia heard a rustling in the hut and when she opened the door, saw Nolis looking through everything in it. "Just what do you think you are doing, child?" she snapped.
Nolis tried to run past her, but was blocked by Shandra. "I was just looking for something I could trade for food. They will find me here. I can't stay. Let me go."
"You do not trust me child. What will convince you that as long as you listen and learn, you will be safe?" Shandra said as she stood in front of Nolis. "Just because your friend turned you in, the first time you escaped. I would never do that. If I wanted to do that, I could have last evening. The soldiers were not far. Did you really come with us just to steal?"
"How did you know about the first time? I did not tell you. What are you?" Nolis looked suspiciously at Shandra as she asked.
"I am a magic user child. What men now call a witch. I was almost like you. I had no family and was sent from one person to another. I watched and learned. I sense you have it in you to learn too. You just need to trust me. If you cannot do that then you are free to leave, but the book you hold stays here. I will give you coins if you wish." Shandra stepped to one side with her hand out for the book.
Nolis handed it to her and stepped outside. She looked back and saw that the others were cleaning up the mess she had made. They never even looked toward her. After taking two steps and bumping into a very large person, she looked up and screamed.
Shandra looked out and smiled. "Welcome Azag. Shush child. Azag is a friend. He is a gentle ogre and will not keep you. You can go. Come Azag. We will have a drink and speak of what I need. Thank you for coming."
Nolis stood in shock. She had never seen an ogre before. What kind of place was this? Slowly she walked toward the small cave. Glancing back she saw the others sitting, laughing and talking. They did not even look her way. She went through the cave and stood at the bushes when she heard soldiers on the other side. Crouching low quietly she listened to them talk of her and what they would do if they caught her. 
The soldiers were not leaving. They had stopped just a few paces away and were discussing where to go and look. She crept back toward the cave, that was gone. All she saw was a rock face. She shook slightly in fear. Where was the cave? She had passed through it. It couldn't be gone. Pressing close to the rocks she sat and waited. She could not go to the road and she could not go back. 
A large hand came from nowhere to cover her mouth while another picked her up by the waist and suddenly she was back in the cave with the ogre holding her. He carried her back to where Shandra sat before he released her mouth and set her on the ground.
"Thank you Azag. We will see you when you return with the others." said Shandra. She looked at Nolis. "Sorry child but we could not let you scream. That would tell the soldiers where we were. Here, have some food. It will be a while before it is safe for you to go."
Nolis ate and wondered why this witch cared. She had nothing in common with her. It did feel nice that someone cared about her. None had, except maybe her mother. She did not remember much, but the sight of her mother being beaten and being used for pleasure, stuck firmly in her mind. As tears filled her eyes, Resia put her arms around her shoulders and stroked her hair gently. 
"Stay with us. Once you learn to protect yourself, you can decide if you wish to go out there again. Here you will be safe. Shandra and I will show you how to protect yourself and much more. You must trust her. She has kept you from harm twice now. She is a good woman. A powerful one too." Resia looked at Nolis and saw that she would stay. No more words were necessary. 
Nolis worked hard at learning the spells she was taught and had come to see the world in a different light. She knew that the strange creatures she saw here and met were much kinder than most of the men she had known. She did her chores willingly and then practised her self defence and spells. The work was not hard and she always found time to wander the little valley. 
One day while she was getting water for cooking, a dark shadow passed over her. In her mind a voice asked, "Child. Where is Shandra? I do not sense her here."
Looking up she saw a bright white dragon landing on a ledge above her. She told it, "She has gone to town for supplies. She said she would return in the morning. May I be of service?"
"No child. My business is with her. It cannot wait. I will find her." It flew off over the mountains as Nolis went back to work. She had gotten used to creatures coming and going. All seemed to want Shandra. 
Nolis and Resia had just finished their meal when Shandra came in. She put the supplies down and told them, "There are two more girls outside. Take care of them till I return. I must go and see Taynoric. He has need of me. I will return as soon as I can. Teach the new girls how to protect themselves. You are very accomplished now." Shandra turned and went out. When they heard the screams both rushed out to see the new girls cowering and pointing at the dragon as it flew off with Shandra on it's back.
Giggling they took the girls in and fed them. Once it was explained to them and they had settled in, the training started. Resia and Nolis knew it could be days, before Shandra returned so they would teach these girls as fast as they could. There was always the danger of someone coming here by accident and exposing their home to the soldiers, who were still looking for them. It seemed as if they would never give up looking for their small coven.
Chapter Nineteen
 Three sunrises later, Shandra returned, and had the girls gather all their belongings. Once all had been gathered they torched their former home, left the hut and buildings in flames, so that there was nothing for others to find. They headed further into the hills. There was another cabin, close to the mountains that was unknown to any humans. Taynoric had told her that it would be a safe place for a time, and Shan, as always, continued to watch over them by flying above watching for any danger. 
If the girls had any doubts or questions, they did not say anything. They faithfully followed and hid when they were told to. To Shandra's surprise, the two new girls never hesitated either. They were well trained to follow orders already. Hopefully they had a mind of their own and did not just follow as drones. They both knew the cruelty of man and did leave as soon as Shandra had come and given them somewhere to go. They were quiet ones and hid their feelings well. 
There were many modrow wandering in the bush. Now that man had brought the small, hairless, creatures they call cows, there was no need to for the big modrow. They were hunted and so few were left. From freely roaming the great plains, they now wandered the forests. Shandra was sad that soon there would be none left. 
As they sat by a small pond and rested, a wolf approached them. The girls watched it carefully and seemed ready to fight with their limited magic. Shandra glanced at it, she knew this animal. The distinctive white bolt between it's eyes gave it away. "What brings Rayt to the deep woods and our company?" she asked as she sipped her water, and glanced at the others to tell them with her eyes, that there was nothing to fear.
"You are hunted Shandra. Men seek. You must flee this country." said the wolf. 
"Is the cabin in the deeper woods, not safe?" she asked.
"It is known. Men close to it. Not safe there. Go to Taynoric. He will help."
 "Thank you my friend. Stay safe. We will go into the mountains to see the wizard."
"Modrow will erase your trail. Farewell. We will meet again." said the wolf as he went back into the brush and disappeared. 
The girls talked excitedly about Rayt till Shandra stopped them and told them that they would have to be quieter. They now had a longer journey ahead. Everyone filled water skins and picked all the berries they could. Then they headed off past the cabin and up into the high mountains. It would be a long time before they would see this land again. If they ever did. 
It was a quiet trip. No hiding from men just walking, resting and sleeping. Shandra had reached out with her mind and spoken to Taynoric, who directed her path. All went well and after two days they had all settled in at the hut in the mountains. It was good to see her teacher again. They spent a few days there and she even had another ride on a dragon, when she had to help Ayreid and the modrow he was leading here.

King RaMond fumed, as the men before him cringed.  "I should have you all flogged for your failure to find that witch. First you lose the wizard Taynoric, now you can't find a woman. Get out of my sight before I throw you in the dungeon." 
More soldiers were sent to find the witch. Although they had found the hidden valley with it's burnt hut and followed the trail to another cabin deep in the woods, there was no sign of the witch or her companions. It had taken many seasons and the death of many females, who were witches, yet they were no closer to finding her. The last sighting had been of her on a dragon. If this was to be believed then she was lost. Dragons lived so deep into the mountains that none had ever been there. If they had, none returned. 
Any female in the kingdom feared the soldiers and their neighbours. It only took a word to be accused of being a witch. The soldiers would come to beat, torture and burn you. No one was safe from being accused and the only way to prove yourself to not be a witch was to die. It made no sense. The king was going crazy and everyone with him too. 
Mayi, sat in front of her small house as the sun set over the hills. Her familiar had just returned and reported that the witches were on their way to safety. "Thank you, Rayt. I fear we too will have to leave this place soon. Another girl was taken this day. I cannot watch innocents die for this foolishness."
"What do, mistress? You not save all." asked the wolf.
"I have thought about it long and hard, I must show the king that he cannot kill a witch. I know my power is not at its peak, but I must do something. I will go to the king and make him see." Mayi rose and went inside to sleep. 
In the morning with her staff in hand, she headed for the castle. She had told Rayt to watch the house and not let anyone in. She had never been bothered when she went to the castle town before, but this time she was not bringing her vegetables or herbs. Her ability to appear as an old wrinkled crone, kept her from being used by the soldiers, for their pleasure. She had to come up with a way to be taken directly to the king. She thought about what she could do, as she walked along, and never saw the small light that floated into her pack.
The town was busy when Mayi stopped for a drink from the well. She was determined to use her invisible and transport spells to prove to the king that the girls he and his people were killing, were not real witches. They were not perfected but should be adequate to make her point and get her back out alive. 
A tiny voice in her head, "Do not fear. I will watch over you and make your spells more powerful. You will not be harmed."
"Who are you and where are you?" Mayi asked looking around and seeing no one close.
"I am in your pack child. I am your guardian. I have been with you since birth and will be with you many winters from now, when you move on to the next life. Shall we go and show this king, things he will never understand?"
Mayi went to the guards and told them she was here to see the king. They laughed at her and suggested she leave, in a very rude way as they blocked her path. Both were shocked when she disappeared from in front of them and reappeared several paces past them. "Now will you take me to him, or do I go by myself." she asked.
"Follow me witch." said one. The other stayed at the gate as Mayi was led into the castle. She thought there would be more decoration, but the place was rather plain. A few banners along the hallway and in the large room she was escorted to. Other than that only the clothes of the people she saw had any colour. This was a drab place indeed. 
The guard talked to a man as they entered the large room. Then he told Mayi that she would have to wait for the king to come. It seemed a long time and she was surrounded by other guards as she waited. They just looked at her and said nothing. They did not try to touch her, but were close enough to grab her if she tried anything. At least they thought so. They had never seen a real witch before. It did not matter. She was here to convince the king to stop persecuting innocents. 
After some time of waiting, she spoke to the guards, saying, "Tell that ignorant blowhard of a king, I do not have time to wait longer. Either he sees me now or he will see what 'real' witches are capable of." 
The men looked at her aghast, that she should be so demanding. She was their prisoner after all. At least they thought she was. To make sure one brought chains and they started to bind her feet. She stood very still and did not fight them as they locked the ankle bindings. No sooner had they finished when an old man entered and sat himself in the big chair in front of her.
"So you wish to see me girl. Tell me why I should not have you burnt right now, for being a witch," asked King RaMond.
"You are the king? The one who has women killed, because you think they are witches. Have any of them done this?" Mayi said as she disappeared from between the guards and reappear right beside the king, with no chains on her legs. The king shrank away from her as she went on saying, "I gather none have ever bound your guards either to get away."
There was a clatter of chains as two of the guards realized they were bound by the chains they had placed of her legs. "I do not have time for you weak minded fools. It is time you ceased your foolish witch hunt. If a witch does not want to be caught, she will not be. I am proof that it is not possible to control a real witch, against her will. Stop this killing of innocent females."
"Good tricks girl but you cannot stand alone against my army. I will see you burn for this." The king called for more soldiers as he moved away from Mayi. "Grab her and burn the witch," he screamed.
"You are so foolish old man. I am Mayi, remember that name. I am the one who came to you and gave you a chance to do what is right." She looked as many soldiers entered the chamber. Raising her hand she shouted, "Stop!" Everyone in the room was suddenly unable to move their feet. They looked at each other and exclaimed shock, but their feet were too heavy to move. "Remember this King RaMond. If you see me again, I will not be alone and you will not get off so lightly. A witch is not to be trifled with."
Mayi, changed her form to a very tall, attractive woman, as she walked slowly past the paralyzed guards and out of the castle. No one tried to stop her. As she left the castle, men started running and screaming for her to be stopped. It was too late. She mentally asked her friend in the bag, if it had a way to get away quickly. A small voice in her head said, "Help is on the way. Just go to the centre of the bailey, as fast as you can walk." 
The guards ran after her and they were getting closer, but when they were within two paces, powerful legs picked Mayi up. Suddenly she was in the sky, looking up at the large white dragon, Mayi smiled and said, "Well guardian, you do have some very good friends. Thank you for your assistance."
"I would not be a good guardian if I didn't child. You will need to leave this place now or they will purse you. Do you know one called, Shandra?"
"Yes I met her once. She is a very powerful witch. She told me she would train me when I wished to learn more." replied Mayi.
"Good. We will take you to her. She is with Taynoric and they will keep you safe."
The dragon soared higher into the mountains and circled down to a meadow, where a hut with two figures stood. She was placed gently down and the dragon flew off into the mountains before she could thank her saviour. 
As the old man came toward her, she recognized his companion as Shandra. The old man said, "Welcome Mayi, you will be safe here. I am Taynoric. You know Shandra. I will see to tea as you talk about the future. You have impressed me child. RaMond seldom listens to anyone. He has given orders to stop the killing of innocent females, but he does want you back. To kill his enemies no doubt." 
Shandra and Mayi sat and talked for a very long time. It was decided that Mayi would stay and learn more from her. The other girls welcomed her and Mayi finally found kindred spirits. For the first time in her life, she felt safe. She wanted to go back to get some items from her house and to bring her friend Rayt. Shandra convinced her that anything she had left was not important enough to put herself in danger for, since there were soldiers watching for her to return. 
"If you come then they cannot stop us." said Mayi. "Together I am sure we can overpower those weak minded fools."
"Yes we can, but to do that would be to show them what we are capable of. That would be too dangerous. We should never show more than is needed, child." replied Shandra. "We do not know what the future holds for us and the less we walk among them, the safer we will remain. I have called to Rayt and he will come here to us. I have also asked a friend to go and make sure your house is burnt to the ground. There is no reason your books should be captured by stupid men. Rayt will bring the ones he can."
Mayi looked at Shandra and said, "As you wish my teacher. I place myself in your knowing hands." 
"Go, and the others will get you settled till we go to our safe new home." Shandra rose and went into the hut as Mayi was escorted to the shelter behind it.  
After getting settled Mayi sat chatting with the others, sharing stories of their encounters with men and how glad they were to be safe with Shandra to guide them.  They were talking when a dragon landed near the hut. They saw Shandra climb on the beast and it flew off with her. There was a lot of speculation of what was going on till Taynoric approached them.
"I am sure you girls have other things to do, rather than imagine what your teacher is doing. Zanda will take care of her and she will return as soon as she has helped another. Do not speculate children. Accept that there will be many things you do not know. Shandra will return and inform you." Taynoric smiled as he continued, "She has not abandoned you to this old man." With a wink he returned to the hut.
The witches practised self defence. Some spells were shared. They all looked up to Mayi, who had gone and told the king off. She was much more skilled and none of the others had the courage to do anything that dangerous. They wanted her to tell them of the happening so many times she got a bit upset. "It had to be done. Now if you haven't forgotten what I just told you I need to do something," Mayi said as she went to speak to Taynoric. 
Before she could open the door, the dragon returned with Shandra. She smiled and as the dragon flew off they both entered the cabin. Shandra spoke to Taynoric saying, "They will be here in two suns passing. Not all the modrow made it but the rest will. Is there any tea?"
"You did well Shandra, I knew you were a good choice. Here drink this and you too Mayi." Taynoric handed them cups of hot liquid and indicated they should sit. "When you are done give me your dress. It must be washed. You have blood all over it." Looking at Mayi, he said, "Don't be so shocked child. Even an old hermit knows how to wash clothes."
"Mayi, will you bring me another dress, so I do not have to sit here naked." asked Shandra. Mayi hurried to get it and when she returned there stood Shandra naked in front of the fire. She was thanked as Shandra slipped on the dress. Taynoric was in the back splashing in water. He called out, "Is that you Mayi? Come here. I wish to speak to you."
Mayi stepped into the other room and saw the old man at a scrub board, cleaning the dress. "We could have done that Taynoric."
Without looking up he said, "True child, but if a man cannot do the little chores, then he will never understand females. You know how dangerous it was to face King RaMond. Why did you do it? There are other ways to make a fool see."
"It seemed like the quickest and easiest for me. I could not stand to see more die, because they did nothing wrong. It was you who sent the dragon and not my guardian, was it not?"
"I sent Myrian yes. It was at the request of your guardian, as you call the fairy and one other who did not want to see you perish. It would not have pleased me either to see one so talented, end her life at the hands of a fool."
Mayi asked, "Who? Who else would even care for me. I do not recall anyone that cared for me thus."
"You do not remember what I told you at our last meeting, child?" asked Shandra, startling Mayi.
"That was a long time ago. No mistress, I do not recall."
"First of all, I am not your mistress. You and the others are students and I am only a teacher and guide. Call me teacher or Shandra, but never call me mistress. We may be called witches and be magic users, but always we will heal before we destroy and only use the black spells if there is no other choice to save ourselves."
Shandra paused. "Secondly, I told you that you would be watched.  Now here,hang my dress by the fire to dry and then go to your sisters and prepare to leave here. We will go when the elf gets here with the modrow. It is a shame that the world will not know such a gentle creature."
Mayi did as she was told. The day passed quietly. Before night fell, all were ready to move on. The next day the large furry creatures arrived and were given a day's rest so the elf could heal. Once the animals had gone Taynoric and Shandra lead the girls into a beautiful, peaceful valley.
Chapter Twenty
It was night as Halbes passed the dark fortress, with no lights to be seen it was a menacing sight. It's spires and walls standing out against the rising moon, like an ominous warning to stay away. There were few humans other than an occasional farmer, but they were asleep in their dark huts. The night creatures scurried about paying no mind to him. The trees and land showed signs of war. Many were burnt or knocked down. In the dark they gave the land an eerie look. Long, leafless branches, stretching out and up, casting shadows in the moonlight, across the barren fields, that were churned up by men, horses and wagons. He had seen these scenes before, and always shed a tear for the loss of life. All life, human, animal and plant. 
Before dawn Halbes found a well hidden place and there he settled to rest. Since he left the land ruled by King RaMond, he had been very cautious to stay out of sight. He had heard that this land was ruled by a very aggressive ruler. He could not trust anyone here, but in time he would have to get supplies. For now he needed sleep. Tucked to one side under a bush he curled up. After casting his invisibility spell, he fell asleep.
The sun was high in the sky when Halbes woke. Sitting up, he saw a girl sitting beside a small fire. She looked his way and said, "You want some drink and food?" 
"You can see me?" Halbes asked, wondering if his spell had failed.
"No, but you make noise as you sleep. It would be nice if I could." she said, as she held a cup of hot liquid out for him to take.
Halbes sat on the other side from the fire as he mumbled his spell to appear again. "Thank you child. Tell me your name, and why you stopped here to listen to my sleep noise. Not many like to listen to that."
"I am called, Maytinsil. You were making so much noise, I had to see where it came from. When I could not see you, I knew you were a magic user hiding too, so I knew it would be safe to spend the night. I also stayed to make sure no soldiers found you. They wander here often, looking for females to use as their play things. This is not a place where travellers come willingly, unless they wish to end their lives." 
"Thank you for your concern Maytinsil. I am Halbes. I have some magic, but not as much as others, I have met. I travel where I wish and will do my best to avoid any soldiers as long as I am in their realm. How far does their land go?"
"Many leagues to the south and to the east around the mountains. They seem to be occupied with a place in the mountains. I do not have any magic. I am a trickster. I would appreciate going with a companion till I get to my home, far to the south. If you do not mind helping me. I fear recapture and loath those filthy soldiers."
"I have limited supplies. You seem to have even less. Is there a market that we can get more at?"
She looked nervous and said, "Yes but I will not go there. They will take me back to be the soldiers plaything again. I bear their mark." She pulled back her hair so Halbes could see her neck and the V with a very small circle below the bottom of the peak. "There is another branded into my thigh. It is the sign of the legion that held me. " She lifted her skirt and showed him. 
"Then you will have to be invisible when we shop. How far is this place?" 
"It is just a league to the south east of here. How can I be invisible? You can cast your spell on others?" she looked at him in slight confusion.
"Yes dear girl. I can cast it on you so you will not be seen, but you will have to stay very close to me. We must be touching for it to stay in effect. If that makes you uncomfortable you can hide in the woods and I will go alone."
"I have been that close to many men, and I trust we will not be unclothed." she smiled as she spoke.
"Then we should go while the sun remains in the sky." said Halbes as he stood. "I will cast the spell closer to the place. It wears off on others after some time so we will hurry and get what we need and leave. If it wears off in sight of others we will be in trouble for sure."
They walked and passed one patrol of guards but they never even looked at Maytinsil. She was ready to run but Halbes held her hand and did not let her go. After the guards were gone he told her that the guards had not seen her at all. He had cast the spell as soon as he felt them near. That is why he had to hold her hand. He could not do that in town as he would need his hands free so she would have to hold him. Before she could wonder where she could hold on, he suggested her arms around his waist. As long as she didn't let go.
They came to the town and with Maytinsil holding very close Halbes went to the market and purchased more food and supplies. He saw some jewellery and one item that he had to get. After some bartering, he took it and headed out of the cluster of houses. He whispered that Maytinsil should not let go. There were soldiers following. 
They walked a bit further slowly to see if the soldiers would pass. They kept their distance so Halbes took the first trail into the forest. The brush was thick and a few steps took them from sight. He quickly pushed Maytinsil between two bushes and told her to stay quiet till he told her otherwise. He mumbled a spell as he bent over pretending to rest. The soldiers grabbed him and yanked him to his feet. "Who are you and what are you doing here?" They demanded, as a couple went through his supplies. "Come on old man. Speak up."
Halbes stammered that he was a poor hermit who only came to town for supplies and he lived in the deep woods. Spilling everything in his pack, they took some meat he had just purchased. Laughing they shoved him to the ground. As they left, they were laughing to themselves. Once they were gone he picked up his supplies. Some things floated into the pack by themselves when he realized the girl was helping. He spoke the reveal spell. Maytinsil was on her knees picking things up and had a very furious look on her face.
"Do not fret child. Those men will get their reward soon enough. I sprinkled the meat with a powder that will keep them in a seated position for a very long time." Halbes said as he chuckled to himself.
The girl smiled at that. As they stood she said, "Why do you call me a child? I have seen more than twenty winters and have seen all the evil this life could put me through. I have not been a child for many seasons."
"My apologies, but to me you are a child. An attractive one but I am sure there are more winters between us than I care to recall. Come let us get away from here. When we rest I will tell you my story." 
They walked further through the trees and came to another road that they followed to the south. As the sun started to leave the sky they made a camp near a stream and Halbes told her about his travels and all he had seen in the world. He left out the part about the hidden valley he had seen. There was no point in telling this child about the valley that was meant to be secret and stay hidden. 
"You saw dragons and unicorns and they live on an island in the north? I thought they were all just stories told to small children. Maybe one day I will see them for myself." Maytinsil said. Her eyes were wide with wonder. 
"Go to sleep, Maytinsil. We have far to go and you will need your rest. I will cast the spell so we will not be found." Halbes cast the spell and lay under the nearest bush. Before he fell asleep, the girl had moved close to him. They slept side by side.
Halbes had a fire going and the morning drink was ready when Maytinsil stirred from her slumber. She looked at him and said, "You didn't make noise. You can turn it off or did stay awake?" 
"I do not make noise, as you call it, when I lay on my side or front. Now you want some food with your drink?" Halbes asked as he handed her a cup of the black fluid. "It is not the best. We have to stretch supplies till we can find a friendlier place to get more."
They ate quietly before they put the fire out and started to head further south. Following the lesser travelled trails they put many leagues between them and the soldiers. The trees got greener with leaves and many birds sang them on their way. Few animals were seen, but it was not unusual for them to be timid near strangers. Smoke rising above the trees caught their attention as they reached a high spot. They debated seeing what was there but decided only if the road went there would they check it out. Most likely only a farm. 
They stopped to quench their thirst where a river crossed their path. The old wooden bridge did not seem well used. In fact it was ready to fall apart. Once across it, there were berries to be picked, so they took what they could eat and a small bundle full for later. The day's walk went quickly with talk of Maytinsil's captivity and all she had gone through from the time she was taken till her escape. She had suffered much, not only at the hands of the soldiers, but her father too. She had been a slave to one person or other from her birth and as she grew they wanted more than work from her. She had birthed two children but only one had lived. She had no idea what had happened to the girl child, as they took her away shortly after birth, and she went back to serving the men.
"We should find a place for the night soon." Halbes stated as he looked around but saw no where suitable. There may be a place over the next hill. They walked up to the top of the rise and sure enough, there was a hut a ways from the road, almost totally hidden in the trees. It had no windows or door. "Seems to be as good a place as any. Shall we see if the residents will share their home with us?"
There was dust over everything and all the furnishings were broken. It looked as if there had been a fight inside. A couple of long tailed rodents scurried for cover as Halbes moved things around to make a place to lay, while Maytinsil started a small fire to cook their meal. The pots at least were intact. They sat on the ground and ate and chatted more. To Halbes it was almost as if he had known this girl for years. They talked of everything with no fear of saying the wrong thing. He had never before spoken to anyone so openly. 
She seemed to feel the same or was it something else that made her comfortable in changing dresses in front of him. She only had two other than what she wore. As they settled to sleep, she pressed close to him. He told himself it was only because he made her feel safe. Her closeness did make him feel uncomfortable but he did not know why. He had known women, but this one was different for some reason. 
In a sweet soft voice she said, "You can have me if you wish. I like you and know you will not hurt me."
"Go to sleep child. Tomorrow I will start teaching you my hiding spell. I am sure it come in handy for you. Now sleep, we will need to stay alert till we are away from this territory."
Halbes knew he wanted her, but felt more like a protector to her. He would not use her for his earthly needs. Maybe in time but now was not the time.
The next two days went pleasantly with no soldiers seen. They passed only a couple of farms and saw workers in the fields. They kept moving and finally came to a large cluster of houses. Maytinsil had learned the spell quickly and could disappear and reappear quickly. Halbes told her to stay close if she had to use it so they would not lose each other. It was time they found out how far they had gone. 
As they approached they realized this was a large village and not just a few houses. They saw no soldiers, and many people filled the street at the market. One seller of vegetables told them that seldom soldiers came this far south. They were further north fighting as far as he knew. There was a garrison three leagues south at the border, but they seldom stopped anyone from passing. Merchants constantly went between here and the next village eight leagues further south. 
Sitting and eating some meat pies they had bought, they decided to take a chance and go along the road. If anything went wrong they could evade the soldiers by disappearing and just going past them. Some of the villagers were watching them closely, so it was time to move on. Since they had agreed to play roles to get past the guards, Halbes rose slowly and said, "Come daughter, we have far to go."
Maytinsil, smiled and replied, "Yes father and you do not move as fast as you used too."
They slowly walked out of town and only looked back once to see that anyone who had doubts was at least looking to go about their business. Once out of sight of the town they hastened the pace, having a chuckle over their acting abilities. Near the halfway marker to the outpost, they were stopped by a faint voice from the trees. It beckoned to Halbes by name.
Carefully they parted bushes and stepped into a small open space. There lay a very large grey wolf. Halbes looked at the animal asking, "Did you call me?"
"I have a message from Myrian." the wolf said. Then he told Halbes through his mind to watch the female. She was not what she seemed to be. With that warning he was gone in the bush, leaving Halbes to wonder what Myrian knew that he did not. 
"You look perplexed. What was the message?" asked Maytinsil.
"Oh! It was nothing important. Just an old friend checking on me. Let us move on. We will have to get through the border before dark or they will question us." 
All the time they walked, he wondered why he had not noticed anything about this girl. He had always seen through the deceit of others. Why did he not see this? He knew Myrian was wise and to be trusted. His time in the valley had assured him that when a dragon speaks, you are wise to listen. He watched the girl carefully but not so it was obvious. He would arouse suspicion if he made it obvious. He questioned how wise it was to teach her the spell to hide. 
There were only two soldiers at the guard house. They only asked where they were off to and seemed satisfied with his explanation of travelling home. Halbes did notice the sly wink, one guard had directed to his companion. Maybe she was not the victim as she made out to be. If this was to be his trap, Halbes would spring it at his choosing, not theirs. After travelling another league, he led the girl deep into the woods. Much deeper than a place for the night. Anyone who came around now would be here for one thing only. 
"This is a nice pond. I wish to wash the dust off. I will make the meal after." Maytinsil said as she dropped her coverings and stepped into the pool.
As much as he wanted to join her, Halbes prepared the small fire and laid the bed rolls out. He was just starting to prepare to cook when Maytinsil got out of the water, and without dressing, stood before the fire to dry off, legs spread as if to temp him. Halbes could not be distracted, as much as he wanted to be. He had heard branches rustle earlier, and was on alert. Maytinsil seemed upset that he had not taken her as she dressed and cooked the meal, while he sat back and watched and listened. 
Suddenly he saw a scene in his mind. The view was from above and two soldier were being cut to pieces by a family of large forest cats. Halbes just sat and watched, as he wondered how it was possible to see these images. He knew thoughts could be transmitted, but till now he had never seen through another pair of eyes. 
The image was not still, it was as if whomever was showing him the vision was moving in circles above it. A bird maybe, but a big one, perhaps. If he could close his eyes and avoid what the cats were doing he would have. As the body parts were dragged in the bush and out of sight, Halbes knew if they were ever found, there would be very little left.
He shivered a bit as the image finally went from his mind. "What are you thinking about? You hear anything I said?" asked Maytinsil.
"What did you say? Had a vision and never heard a word you said." replied Halbes, looking at the girl curiously.
"It was not important. You have visions? What kind of visions? How do you get them? How often?" 
"Easy child. Nothing you need to concern yourself with. Shall we eat and then get some sleep. I suspect there is more danger around this place."
They ate in silence and this time Halbes stayed up till Maytinsil was asleep. As he lay to sleep, a voice came to him, "Halbes, you must leave that dark witch. There are soldiers searching for you. She is in league with the evil ruler here. They seek you for your knowledge of the territory to the north. Once you are rid of her, I will come and take you from harms way. You need not call. I am watching you."
In mind speak, Halbes said, "You are Myrian? Was it you who gave me the vision?"
"Yes I am she, but I did not give you the vision child. You saw through the eyes of Shan, the eagle. He knows the one who travels with you. He also knows the only reason she leads you is to get as much of your magic as she can. If she had another way, you would be in a dungeon. Take care when you speak."
Halbes knew that he was in danger. How could he get rid of this woman? He needed to get through the next town and maybe then he could slip away from her. He would stay alert and take the first available chance. He would be better off on his own than with her if her goal was his demise. He sat with his back against a tree and watched the girl. She was good at deception. Since she held form in her sleep, he knew this was her true form, even if she had an evil heart, she was a very attractive female. 
The sky grew lighter as Halbes make the morning drink. Maytinsil stirred and smiled as she saw him put the pot over the small fire. He looked at her and said, "Get dressed. We have a town to get through. How far is your home from here?"
"It is not much farther. We should be there tomorrow, then you can rest. There are no soldiers there. It is out of their territory."
"You will have to guide me, as I have not been here before." he lied. He remembered this place from his travels many winters back. It had changed a little but the roads did not. The town was only a couple of leagues ahead. After that was nothing but many leagues of swamp and woods. It was there he would get the chance to slip away. 
They ate and after finding the road again, they arrived at the town, just as the market was just getting busy. Maytinsil was at one stand getting spices as he bartered for more meat and vegetables. Soldiers surrounded the market and Halbes slipped quickly behind the stand as he chanted the invisible spell.
Chapter Twenty One
Halbes remained very still as the soldiers searched all over for him. Maytinsil stood beside the leader, who called her Yondic. She was arguing that he was supposed to wait till she gave him the sign. Now they would never find him. She did cast the reveal spell but as Halbes knew and she did not, the spell would not work on him, unless he spoke it. If she was as strong as he thought, she would figure it out. He moved slowly and found his way to the back of the houses, and into the woods. 
He had to move slow and quietly to avoid detection. Since he had no supplies now, it was back to stealing food, and any charity people would offer. Here it would be more theft, since he could not trust anyone. There were many game trails here. Halbes continued to travel in a south- easterly direction. He came to an old abandoned looking house. There was a worn trail leading to the main road from it and no growth on the trail. If it was empty it had not been so for long. 
There was no sense of anyone there so he cautiously went inside. Maybe they left something he could use. There was a layer of dust over everything and since it was undisturbed Halbes knew there had been no one here, in a lot longer than he had thought. Opening and closing storage cupboards, there was nothing he needed. The upstairs was full of old cases, which held female clothes, and papers that he knew were nothing more than letters between relatives and family that lived further away. One trunk caught his attention. It had a royal seal on it. 
He opened it slowly and inside were more coins than he had ever seen. Gold, sliver and a few copper coins too. Who would leave all this here? Many questions flashed through his mind but only one answer came to him. Whoever had lived here was either dead or would return. It made sense that anyone coming here would see the place deserted and not look around as much as he had. The house was well off the trail so whoever lived here did not want visitors. 
Halbes left the trunk and went back downstairs. There was nothing of value to him in the food cupboards. Everything there had gone bad many years past. Outside the back was a well so he got a drink and sat to plan what he would do next. A large black bird flew over and dropped the animal it was carrying at his feet. Strange that it was skinned and cooked. The bird landed on the well and made deep croaking sounds as it looked at him.
"Eat. Myrian comes to you. You must leave here." 
Halbes looked at the bird and said, "So you too mind speak. Thank you for the food. Where will Myrian come? There is no place here for her to land. I feel the darkness that surrounds this place too."
"She will pick you up on the road when you are alone. She does not wish to be seen by the soldiers. You leave now. The witch is coming and it will not be good to be here when she arrives." The bird flew off and left Halbes alone.
Getting up and heading south again, Halbes left too. He did not wish to meet Maytinsil again. She would not be happy he got away. He could not help but wonder why he was so special and wanted. He had little magic power. He had not been here very long, so was not known or important. What was there about him that was so important that he was now hunted? 
Pushing along through the bushes Halbes heard voices behind him. Glancing back he saw a dark figure. It was going across his path, but he crouched down and hid to be sure he had not been seen. Soon he rose as the figure and sound got further away. He knew there should be a road not far ahead so he went on. Crossing a stream he found a large well worn road the headed away from the southern path. Not what he wanted but he would follow it a ways. 
The trees hung over the road as an arch, with many red and pink blooms covering their branches. He would have to get out from under them to meet Myrian again. He walked a couple of leagues and still the trees covered the road. He saw clear sky ahead and was almost there when he saw soldiers ahead. They had already seen him, they were running toward where he stood. He bolted into the bush and quickly found a spot to conceal himself.
"Where is he? Are you sure he came in here?" asked one.
"Of course he did. I am a tracker. Here are his foot prints. They stop at this bush." 
"He must be using his spell." said the dark one. He probed with his sword in stabbing motions, but hit nothing. Halbes had moved to another spot and made sure to wipe his marks. 
"Didn't Yondic say the spell would wear off after a time? We will just have to wait and see when he reappears."
"Yes she did, but she never said how long it takes. His may be much stronger than hers. How long do we have to wait?"
The men sat against a tree and watched in Halbes' direction. It became a waiting game but he would have to do something before night came. His spell would expose him then. As he thought he wondered about getting help, so he reached out his mind to Myrian, when the sound of many men came from the road. 
The two soldiers rose and talked to the troop that had come. "No, he is hidden close, but we have not found him yet. Bring your men and we will make him visible with our swords."
"Remember, just stab. Yondic wants him alive, not cut in half."
Ten men started to slowly step toward Halbes hiding spot. Stabbing their swords down into every bush. They took one step at a time and all stabbed down. Another step and stabbed again. Ten more steps and he would be finished, unless he figured a way out fast. They were too close together to get past them without being noticed, and he could not put them all to sleep. 
A loud scream pierced the air and the men looked up, then ran in every direction as a flame pierced the trees. The dark shadow sailed over the tops of the trees and Halbes ran back the way he had come and into the bushes on the other side of the road. He watched as men scrambled to get away from what Halbes knew was a dragon. "Go south after dark. There is a lake two leagues away. I will come to you there. Myrian cannot meet you so I Zanda will convey what she was to tell you." 
"I will get there as soon as I can. Thank you Zanda." Halbes told him as the dragon flew off. 
It was safe to travel the road and turn south on the narrow trail. The sound of the soldiers was gone and Halbes chanted the reveal spell. He walked on as the sun set and the stars filled the sky. The moon would not rise this night so he would have to watch his steps. Carefully he followed the trail, till it opened at a large lake. He found a spot where he could watch and not be seen. Now all he could do was wait. 
Deer and other animals came to drink and then left again. He even saw a dark shadow of a human come to get water but who it was he could not tell. They did not see him and left after their container was full. He began to wonder if he was in the right place as the night passed. There was no sound or movement for a long period when silently with only the rush of air to announce his arrival, Zanda landed like a leaf in front of him. 
"I do not have much time. Listen well Halbes. The dark witch Yondic, the one you know as Maytinsil, will stop at nothing to see what is in your mind. She believes your journey will show her where other wizards hide. She has the power to take their magic. She cannot be allowed to know these things. Another who will help you is close. She was seen by you and knows you will come to her. Listen well to her and leave this land as soon as you can. The dark one has familiars that will try to keep you here. Listen to Elisin, she is a friend of Myrian. Farewell Halbes. Maybe one day you will return."
The dragon flew off as quietly as he had arrived and again Halbes was alone. He had to go soon. The sky was getting lighter and soon the sun would rise. On a hunch he went to where he saw the figure get water and followed the path to a hut in the woods. It was a small place, well hidden in the trees that had grown thick around it. As he walked past the small garden, he saw a figure watching him through the small window. 
A voice in his head told him to get inside quickly, so without stopping he entered and closed the door quickly behind. "Good you can hear head speak. That will come in handy if we are to get away from the evil that controls this land." spoke the dark figure handing him a cup of hot liquid. "Drink this and I will get you some food."
The woman turned and stirred the pot on the fire. Dishing a bowl of steaming meat and liquid, she placed it before him on the small table. "Eat and then you can tell me all that has happened. It is rare that Myrian takes such an interest in one who is of little consequence." She sat looking him over as he ate. 
Halbes finished and thanked her. As he sat back and drank another cup of hot liquid, he watched this woman. She was not very tall, but she had a very muscular stature. Like a dwarf. Her dark, red hair barely fell to her shoulders. She wore a very plain dress, that looked more like a flour sack, than any cloth he had see. She put everything away after washing and cleaning the dishes. Then sat across from him and looked at him as if she saw right into his soul.
"I am Elisin, I rather stay here and live in peace with my friends, but Myrian wants you safely from this land, so it will be my job to escort you away. We will take the trail, through the mountains. We will need warm coverings to keep the cold away. The evil ones do not travel there much. I will need to go to town for supplies. You will stay here and do not go outside. There are spies all over. More since you got away from Yondic.
As Elisin closed the door, she again told him to stay inside. As if he hadn't heard the first time. Halbes knew it would take her a long time to return so he sat in the padded chair and took a book from the few on the shelf. As he read the book about a war between elves and dwarves, he became engrossed in the story. When it got dark he lit a candle and kept reading. He never felt or saw the wrinkled face peer into the window at him and smile. 
The candle had melted down when he was awakened by soldiers, as they came in and dragged him outside. They bound his hands and shackled his legs before taking him away. They said little as they forced him to the lake and back the way he had come the day before. They walked by torchlight. Halbes stumbled and was rudely yanked to his feet. Once on the road it was easier walking but he had to move his feet quickly because of the shackles. No matter how he protested or asked where they were going, the soldiers said nothing.
He knew the dusty old house they stopped at. He was put into hand shackles against a post in front of the place. Then without a word the soldiers left and he was there bound with no way to get loose. From the house came a form he knew. Maytinsil, walked slowly and deliberately towards him. Stopping less than a pace away she smiled at him, "So you did not get away after all. That is good. For me. Not so good for you. You should not have stopped Halbes. I would have preferred to get information another way, but you do not seem to be interested in women so.
"Not all women, just not deceiving witches, such as you Maytinsil, or should I call you, Yondic?" Halbes snapped at her. "Let me go. I have nothing you want. I am no wizard, only a traveller trying to get home."
"So you know who I am. That is a shame, but it can't be helped now. You have information that our leader will find very useful. I am sure you do not understand but you will soon." Yondic poked him hard in the ribs. "Yes soon I will know all you do. You should have opened up before when it would have been more pleasant for you, but you will and it will be very painful for you. I cannot wait any longer."
Yondic turned and stepped away as several large birds, that had been sitting on the roof of the house, swooped down and pecked his skin from his body and head. Halbes shouted out in pain as blood trickled down his body. After some time they stopped and returned to the roof. Yondic stepped close and placed her hand on Halbes' bloodied head. "Now let us see what your mind holds." She put her other hand on the other side of his head. She looked puzzled. "What is this garbage. You have seen much more than just open waters. Where is the vision of your wanderings through RaMond's land. You have a stronger mind than I thought. I will have to use other means to open it to my will."
"Why do you need my sight? You must have people who have been there and seen more than I." stammered Halbes in his pain.
"The more we know the better the attack. We know forces and defence but you avoided them all. You know ways to get past them. That is worth much to the King. The birds will soften you more." she said as she went back into the house and the birds again began their pecking.
Halbes hung limp on the post as the sun rose again. He had lost track of time. He was weak and parched. His whole body was bloodied. With blurry vision he watched Yondic approach and place her hands on his head. Try as she might, she could not see his thoughts. She grew angrier and lashed out with a stick. Hitting and screaming at him. He could not understand or care, what she said. He just wanted to sleep. His last thought was of the wet drops that hit his tired cut body from above. They were so very refreshing.
It was dark and wet when Halbes woke again. A red dragon lay nearby, and soldiers were all around. From the loud voices coming from the house, someone was not happy about something. A voice came to his head, "Hold on Halbes, help is near and you will be free before this day ends."
Suddenly from the house stepped Yondic, beside a tall man he took to be the king, from the robes and headgear he wore. Only royalty wore purple robes and gold on his head. As far as Halbes knew. They were still talking, but quieter now and as the king left Yondic on the stairs he strode to a strong horse and mounted it. As he turned to ride away, he looked back and said, "You have till morning. I will send troops for him and we will get him to tell us what he knows."
Dust filled the air as the king and the soldiers left. Once it settled Yondic slowly walked up to him. She checked his bindings. Holding his bloody hair in one hand, she lifted his head. "I do not know yet why you who claim to be a mere mortal, can defy me. I will find a way to get into your mind." She let his head drop and strode to the dragon. "Take him to the cave, Marte. I will deal with him there. Then the king will not make demands of me. It will be I who controls the kingdom then."
The dragon ripped the post from the ground and flew off with Halbes dangling by his chains. High into the mountains she flew. Cold shivers ran through his body when suddenly loud shrieks filled the air. Halbes saw dark shadows against the ground but was too weak to turn to see what was attacking the dragon. He was being bounced around as the attack went on for a time. Suddenly he fell. The ground approached at a horrifying speed. All he saw was the sharp peak as it zoomed toward him. 
Then nothing. Halbes passed out. He heard faint voices
"His wounds are healed. Why hasn't he woken?" 
"He will child. He is weak and needs more rest."
"When he wakes we will have to go from this land. Yondic has her familiar, Sarwi, the crow, searching the land for him. She suspects me, so I must leave too."
With a moan, Halbes sat up and opened his eyes. They hurt and he felt weak but alive. Ailsa and another, he thought he had seen her before. In the valley maybe. Both women pushed him down and told him to rest. He was safe now. "In a while he will recover fully. Keep giving him the potion. You will be safe and once he can travel, you know where to go, Ailsa."
"Yes thank you, Lina. Tell Myrian thanks for defeating the evil dragon. Marte will be really upset, but she is tied to that witch and will not seek us out, fearing another attack. Once we are gone from this land we will be safe."
"Zanda will stay near, just in case, but I doubt Marte will enter this territory after being beaten so badly. Farewell. Take care of yourself and this special man. You will have to tell him the truth one day. When is up to you. I must go."
Lina left the hut and climbed on the griffon's back. "Let us go home Sharazat." In a flash they were gone and Ailsa returned to watch over the sleeping Halbes. Smiling she thought, 'Well my husband, we are to be together again. This time I will not let you go without me.'
Chapter Twenty Two
Marte was in her cave, licking her physical wounds, with Yondic's berating still ringing in her mind. Sarwi and his murder were searching the land for any sign of the man, who seemed so important. It made no sense to Marte, but then so little of what humans did made any sense to her. If it hadn't been for Yondic saving her when she was pushed from the nest so many winters back, she would not help them at all.
The snow had come early, even for up here in the mountains. As the wind blew the flakes all around, Marte moved further back into the cave. She would need time before she could pursue the dragons that attacked her but she would and they would pay dearly for their folly. She had no liking for those that helped the man escape. While she healed, she would plan and call on her comrades to assist in her plan for revenge. Yondic and her plans would have to wait. Marte only wanted revenge and time to formulated her plan.
Sarwi, with his murder, had travelled the mountains in search of the man, but after two full moons had come and gone, there was still no sign of him. He had found an eagle who saw dragons fly deep into the mountains, but had not watched where they landed. It was not a place he wanted to travel into. There was little if anything there. Sarwi was not fond of the cold or snow that blew up here. He communicated the information to Tag, the wolverine, who was searching deeper in the mountains. Yondic had sent Tag in search of the man too. She had all her familiars looking, ever since King Chingis had threatened her, if she did not find him. Tag was much better equipped for searching in the high mountains.
Yondic fumed day and night. Anyone she came across, avoided her by hiding or walking as far from her as they could, as fast as they could. Animals and people alike, wanted little to do with her, while she was in such a foul mood. Since Marte hid in her cave and the others found no sign of Halbes, or the witch Ailsa, she knew they had to be together, but where was the question. They would not stay in the mountains so she kept everyone she controlled watching. Yondic had to find where they were and get them back. 
Tag passed word to Sarwi, who flew to Yondic as fast as he could. "Mistress, good news. Tag has located the place they hid. It was deserted, but not long. He is following two tracks. He will send word when he knows more."
"Finally some good news. Go tell that lazy Marte to be ready when I need her, or she will make a delicious meal for the army. I will not put up with any more of her hiding."
Marte would have roasted Sarwi, if he had not flown off so quickly. She was not a happy dragon after hearing what Yondic said. It was not as if Yondic could defeat her, but she never took a threat lightly. The dragon would be ready. Her wounds had healed enough and her revenge would have to wait till she was done with the man. 
Yondic had taken Sarwi and gone to the caste in the north. Once they reached the castle at the edge of the battlefields, Sarwi flew over them to the other side. He would spend the time till the new moon looking for trails and hiding places. He looked for food but there were no bodies. He was getting tired of the occasional bit of deer, bears or what the mountain lions left him and his murder. He would have to be careful, as the animals in the north did not take kindly to strangers among them. 
He found a meadow high in the hills where an army could gather and not been seen. The trails in could not be travelled by the full army, but a few at a time would be able to get in easily. There were two trails they could use. They were far enough apart that soldiers could be moved over both trails. without being seen. He would show Yondic. He was sure she would be pleased. On the way back south, he saw a dragon in the distant to the west. A rare white dragon. He flew on, glancing to see where this dragon was, making sure it had not been aware of him. 
As he flew to avoid the castle and get back to his mistress, he was called by her. She was still at the castle, so reluctantly he flew there. Landing on the ramparts he allowed Yondic to see what he had seen. She in turn explained it to the king, who laughed and said, "So you think this is the way to get in without being found out. Stupid bird. Even if we got the army there, they could not reach the castle without being caught. We need a plan that will give us a definite advantage. Dragon sized wolverines would be nice if they could be controlled. Go and take that bird with you. I need to think more about this." The king turned and looked north toward the land he wanted to conquer. 
Yondic left with Sarwi on her shoulder. They had gotten to the outside when Sarwi asked, "Why you not tell him about dragon, mistress?"
"He is a fool. He wants to conquer everything. He should be happy with what he has. He controls all the land between here and the wastelands. There is a way to move the whole army and I will secure it but need to get the dragons and their griffon friends to help beat that white dragon and her friends." There was no more said till they arrived at Yondic's house in the woods. "Marte is not in range. Go find her and tell her I need to speak with her. We are going to war with Myrian."
Sarwi flew off to look for the missing dragon. On his way he saw an old farmer pulling his wagon to town. For a bit of fun he dove and clawed at his head several times. After a time he got bored, so leaving the man scratched and bleeding, he flew off. 
Finally Sarwi found Marte with another of her kind. He gave her the message and flew off without waiting for an answer. "Finally we get to battle those kind hearted fools. Dagnar, my friend, gather the others and have them meet at the caves by mine. I will join you and let you know the plan as soon as I talk with Yondic."
Marte went west to meet the witch as her male dragon friend went south to bring back the others. As Marte circled down and landed in front of Yondic's house, the witch came out and told her to make sure all were ready to fight. They would have to defeat Myrian and her Parliament to take over the valley so troops could pass through and attack the northern land from the east. There is a barrier but it could be beaten. It was to keep men out, not dragons. 
"I will need to tell the king how many we will be when the battle starts Marte. Do you know who will join us?" asked Yondic.
"Only two other dragons will fight and three griffons, if they are given a guarantee of feeding on any humans there. Otherwise they will turn on the army. Can you give them that?"
"They can have anyone they find. There are elves and dwarves and much more food for them there. If there is a problem with them, let me know right away. I will go and report to the king." 
"I have them gathering, but it will take time for them to get them together. I will fly you to the castle if you wish." 
"Good. That will impress that small minded fool. He treats me as one of his underlings. He will see what power I wield. I will show him he is nothing without me."
As they landed in the castles courtyard, the guards were visibly frightened at being so close to a dragon. The king was looking out the window from above as Yondic climbed down. "You may hunt, if you wish, but stay close Marte. I will call when I wish to leave."
King Chingis listened to Yondic with interest. When she was finished, he paused and looked to be deep in thought. Yondic waited patiently for his reply. Finally he stood and asked. "What do you want for your help, Yondic? I know you are not doing this from the kindness you do not have in your heart."
"I will take the valley and all it holds. You get your passage to attack RaMond by surprise, and I get the land and all the wealth in it. So when will you and your men be there so I can have everyone in place?" asked Yondic's
"It will take time to get all the men in place, so let us set the attack for the next full moon. That will give me time to get the army to the summit. You will have your creatures there then. You will have to deal with their dragons and that beast Zofiya, no doubt."
"Yes. Zofiya will be a minor difficulty. I will be able to use my magic to keep her out of the way. She is weak against fire and lightning spells. My dragons and griffons can handle theirs. As long as your men do not run away."
"Don't you worry about that. My men will be ready to fight to the end. If they run, they will be killed by me. This will be a win for all of us. You may go and prepare, as I will." Chingis walked out of the chamber, calling for his captains as he did.
Yondic turned and left the room in disgust. She did not like to be treated as a servant. She would be a ruler soon enough and then he would see how powerful she was. Then Chingis would have to respect her and bow to her. She called Marte to take her to her house. During the flight, she told the dragon of the plans, so she would have the others ready. She had to get Tag and his kind prepared. He preferred to hunt alone but he would do as he was told and gather many wolverines. They would be a force to be reckoned with in the battle. Yondic was so intent on her plans, she never noticed that a small bird had been in the window of the throne room and was now following her.
As Yondic told Tag her plan, the bird sat overhead on the roof edge, listening to all that was said. When Tag ran off to gather his kin, and Yondic went inside, the bird flew off to the north. It flew low in and out of the trees, to avoid the eagles and hawks above. It flew low and fast among the stones, as it soared into the mountains and stopped exhausted just inside the valley. 
"Rest little one. You can tell me all when you get your strength back. You have done a hard job very well my little friend." Zofiya landed nearby and patiently waited for the bird to recover from her journey. When she had rested, she told Zofiya all she had seen and heard. 
"We must make preparations for this attack. Thank you my friend. Go rest and do not worry. We will be ready for them with our own surprise. Myrian and I need to talk." Zofiya flew off as the small bird flew down to her flock, happy that she could be of help. 
Yondic sent Sarwi to the valley to see if all was normal. She suspected they may know about the plans, since dragons are notorious for reading minds and several had been seen going in that direction. They were up to something. She needed to know what they knew and were planning. Sarwi was not happy, but did as he was asked. The barrier was easy to pass for him as it was for all animals.
Once Sarwi talked to the animals, he knew he would not be told all, but it was no more than he expected. They did tell him enough to let him know that they themselves knew nothing, but the protectors were getting ready for a battle. Sarwi travelled and listened to all till one dragon asked him why he was here. It caught him off guard and thinking fast he told the red beast, he was only passing through. The explanation seemed to satisfy the beast.
Sarwi, stayed several days to listen, but everything he heard told him that no one here knew, or had heard anything about an attack, other than the guardians. Flying back through the south pass, he had no idea he had been watched, and only told what they wanted him to know. As soon as he had entered the valley, Myriansinta had watched him, and made sure all the others did nothing to arouse any suspicion. They knew why he was in the valley. Zofiya kept the new comers in the deep northern mountains. 
Sarwi reported to Yondic, who was pleased that it would be a surprise, when the attack came. The witch was a bit surprised that there were no new dragons there, since they had been seen going in that direction. She assumed they just flew over on their way north as many stories had been heard, from travellers and the birds, that most dragons that were spotted, were going to the northern islands, to get away from mankind. 
After sending word to the king, Yondic started for the pass. She would have to go up with the king as his protector against any magic. The pass was two days away so the soldiers would be there a day early, but they would not go up till the time was right. A small dog barked constantly as she approached and walked pass the farm house. Yondic was so annoyed she shot a bolt at it. With a high pitched yap, it died instantly. She heard a child crying as she walked on, with a smile on her face. 
Tag walked beside her and Sarwi glided overhead. No one approached her, even if they had never seen her before, her reputation for being very mean, preceded her. When she walked toward anyone, they moved out of the way or hid in their houses. Yondic did not care. The more people were scared of her, the more she got whatever she wanted, without using her magical powers. 
The army was breaking camp as she arrived at the base of the pass. Some had already started up the trail, followed closely by several wolverines. The rest of the soldiers were ready to follow the king up. Chingis wore his chain armour and gold helmet. Yondic walked a step behind him, followed by the rest of the army, four abreast of each other. The trail was wide but the higher they went, the narrower it got, till near the top it was single file only. 
A large flat ledge opened near the top then a small narrow trial to the peak of the pass. There it opened again so the whole army could set up for battle. The dragon at the top of the pass told them to leave or suffer the consequences. Chingis, of course ordered the attack and Yondic called in the dragons she had with the griffons. As they flew in to battle the lone dragon, he was joined by many others. 
The soldiers were attacked by a griffon on the ground as her griffons were attacked in the air by many dragons. The battle in the air was fierce as men were tossed in every direction by the fierce griffon that ran through the army, clawing and turning in every direction. Yondic saw at least one witch, who seemed to be protecting the dragons. She directed her magic toward her but was knocked to the ground and unconscious by Zofiya, who had entered the fight. The battle went on for a long long time. 
When Yondic regained her senses, she was covered in blood. Chingis lay at her feet, with his head nearly ripped from his body. Anyone who could still move, was making their way down the trail they had come up. Tag was dead beside her. He was surrounded by other wolverines. The dragon, Marte, lay draped over a large rock, with her head at a very unnatural angle. Gaping wounds, from which blood flowed, covered her body. She saw no sign of the other dragon or the griffons, the defeat was total. What was left of the army would scatter. There was no true leader left, she knew she would not be able to take command of them right now. 
The dragons and griffons she had gathered, at least the few that survived, would not trust her, so she would have to start over. Sarwi landed and begged her to leave this place before the valley folk came to finish what was started here, he had seen many coming this way. With her head throbbing, Yondic started down to the land that she would now be in control of with no interference from any man. 
As she carefully made her way, she went over all the plans in her head. She tried to find the reason for the massive defeat. It was so well planned, and unless her information was faulty, it should not have been this way. That had to be it, she thought. Sarwi must have lied to her. In one quick stroke, she stabbed Sarwi through with the spear she was using to support herself. "You will never bring me your lies again." she said to the dead bird, as she let it slide off the tip and fall over the steep ledge.
As time passed she moved all her things to the castle and became the queen of the land. She had no one who dared stand against her. King RaMond had sent an emissary to make peace. Yondic took the offer, signing the peace treaty readily. She had no army and had enough of fighting for now. In time she would rebuild her troops, but she had enough land under her command now and little desire for more. 
Her subjects obeyed her laws, rather than then accrue her wrath. She got all she wanted, so there was no reason to increase their taxes. She did demand much gold and silver from the miners. Over the seasons her wealth grew. She ruled with an iron fist and fear. Over the years, her hatred for Myrian and the others grew. No matter how Yondic tried, she was never able to get her revenge, for the defeat she suffered. 
Chapter Twenty Three
Potria sat on the step of her small house, churning the butter, as she watched her man plowing the field, as he got it ready to seed. The long hair beast they had saved from drowning, pulled the plow with ease, making the work much easier than it would be with just a hoe. A small blue jay landed near her and started chattering away at her.
It told her of fighting men from the north that had invaded the far reaches of the island. They were vicious and took everything that was of any value. They took any women they found, as slaves, and killed anyone who tried to stand against them. They had come in many boats. People there had not realized the danger till it was too late. The island had been peaceful for so long, there was no need for weapons. Even the centaurs had been caught off guard. Now the men from the white lands, were marching south to the middle land. They would be here before the next full moon. 
Potria stood as the bird gave her a warning to hide from the invaders. Then it flew off. She looked as Matak strode from the field. "So even here we cannot have peace for long. I heard what the jay said. Can you call the dragons to help us?" 
"I have already sent the message. It will take time to reach them from here. We must prepare for the worst." Potria, forced a smile, "We have been through worse husband. We will survive this threat."
"We cannot hide. If they are determined to find any wealth, they will find us. We are not strong enough alone to defeat them in a battle. Only one thing we can do. We must stay and hide in plain sight." Matak looked as Potria's eyes twinkled with acknowledgement. 
"Of course. I remember the spell and they would never suspect trees as a threat." Potria smiled at the thought of standing with her man, but did not like the idea of watching all they had built being destroyed. "You think I am not strong enough to beat these invaders?"
"I know you can beat this lot. Maybe even the next, but they keep coming and then what? Everyone here will be destroyed, while we live on, behind a pile of how many bodies? I do not look forward to seeing all we have done be destroyed either my love. We do need help in this battle. Till we have it, we will survive."
The days seemed to drag by. Books were hidden in the woods and anything that could show there was a magic user was placed there or destroyed. Matak sowed the field himself as Potria made sure all her potions and books were hidden. The moon came and went and still no sign of invaders. Birds had not seen them and nothing more was heard. 
"I do not know what has happened but we must know whether they are gone or are still coming. It has been more than long enough for them to reach us. Shall we go and see for ourselves what has become of them?" asked Matak.
"Yes we must know. We cannot do much if we are under threat of attack." replied Potria as she started gathering supplies for the trip.
With packs full for the trip, his short sword on his belt, they set off along the narrow trail to the main road that ran from the settlement in the north to the settlement on the big river in the south. It was crossed twice by smaller roads that ran east and west to other locations. Their destination was at the far north end of the road. Along the way they would gather all the information they could. They would learn all they could from the animals, and anyone else they met on the way. 
First stop would be the Elf Inn at the crossroads. It was a half days walk from their farm. Any travellers along the centre road, would stop there, and the workers there would know all there was to know. Potria was never happy when Matak went there to get a drink. She trusted him but the one barmaid, they called Belle, was always cooing over him even though he was old enough to be her grandfather. She never admitted it, but she did have a bit of a jealous streak.
They could see the Inn when they got on the main road. There was no traffic, but that was not unusual. As they entered and were greeted by the dwarf who now ran the place. He was stocky and his red beard fell to his waist. It was hard to tell he had a mouth from all the hair on his face. "Well, well my friend, you finally bring your pretty wife. You are early but come in and let us talk." he said as he guided them into the tavern room.
"We are only here because we heard of invaders coming down from the north. We were told that they should have been here by now, and wondered why they weren't. Have you heard anything Grap?" asked Matak
"Invaders? Only thing travelling from the north has been logs, to build houses in the south. There has been no talk of invaders here. Tell me all you have heard while we eat and drink my friends."
They sat and talked. It was strange that Grap had not heard anything since there were constant travellers coming from the north. None had mentioned anything and no strangers had come through. Matak knew something was not right. After they ate, they decided to check further north but if they found out nothing there, there was no point in going any further. The next Inn was a full days travel away so they would spend the night on the road. Matak knew there was a good place they could reach before darkness came. 
As they walked along they reached out to all the animals, but none of the animals had heard anything and Matak and Potria were starting to doubt what they had been told. Suddenly a voice came to them. "Come to me, my children. Follow the trail east and in a short time we will speak." 
Startled, Potria said, "I have not heard that voice before. Who calls us?"
"You do not know me, child. Myrian sent me in answer to your call. Please come so we can talk about what you have heard."
Matak looked amused as he said, "We are out to find answers my dear. Let us at least hear him out. After all Myrian sent him and we know she is not one to trifle unnecessarily."
They went along the narrow trail and in a short time came to a clearing, where a red dragon sat waiting. His large yellow eyes looked at them. He leaned down a bit. "Make yourselves comfortable. I will explain what is going on."
Matak and Portia placed their packs to one side and sat on the soft moss. Looking at the large beast with questioning eyes. Portia looked up at him and said, "Enlighten us to the happenings that we have been told of."
"As you well know, this land is protected by a shield so the evil ones cannot enter it. What you do not know is that there is a wizard called, Taynoric, who is travelling and protecting several places for the peaceful folk of this world. He has taken Oileánglasa out of time. It is as you see it, but there are others who see this place differently, and they live here to. The bird you talked to came through from the other time. Excuse me as I try to remember how Myrian said it. It is very confusing but there is this land that you see as peaceful and beautiful. There is also the other that is here. It is dirty and filled with greed and mean people. They both exist in the same place yet unaware of each other."
"That is hard to understand. Two lands in the same place. Different and yet both here? What nonsense are you trying to make us believe?" Matak was very impatient at this dragon but knew they were not the joking kind, so there must be something to it. "I am sorry, who ever you are, but I find that very hard to believe or understand how it is possible.
"I am sorry. My name is Drachen. You know of the valley where Myrian lived?"
"Lived? Yes I know it was hidden behind a barrier so the evil men could not enter. You remember I told you of that, but think you knew it too Potria?"
"Yes but that was a barrier, what is this out of time thing you are talking about Drachen?" 
"How can I explain this to you? Maybe if you see it yourself. Yes that is it. I will show you both. You must understand that it is dangerous in the other time. I may need to flash back here quickly, but I can show you both. Are you willing?" asked Drachen.
Potria said as long as Matak was with her, She wanted to see this other land. Matak had never lost his wanderlust so he was more than willing. They climbed on Drachen's back and in a moment they glided over the land they knew. Full of green growing things and all the lakes and rivers that crossed the countryside.
"This is the land you know. Now brace yourselves. The crossing can be a bit rough for humans. See the small town below you know as Llaydun, It is much different in this time." No sooner had Drachen said it then, there was a massive stench filling the air and more houses below than Matak or Portia had ever seen. Dirty smoke filled the air from many buildings and they saw so many people. They did not know there were that many people in the entire world. The air got cleaner as they flew north, but still smelled funny, and there were many towns, as Drachen called them, along the road that they knew only had four Inns along it. There were three settlements that they knew, but here there were so many more. Large brick and glass buildings on many hills and many houses at the base of the hills. 
"Hang on my friends. We are going back." said Drachen. The air grew cold and dark again. Suddenly they were over the familiar land again. "Now you have seen the land as it is outside of your time. I will return you to your farm if you wish."
"Yes please do. We have no reason to travel any more." said Matak. "I do not fully understand this but if that world does not enter this one, I do not need to fully understand it. All I want is what I have now and let others worry about themselves."
"If the jay crossed between these worlds how do we know others won't do the same Drachen?" asked Potria.
"The barrier was strengthened but even Taynoric cannot say it will not happen again. We can only deal with events if they happen. No one can foretell the future. Some can see events, but what is seen, can change before it happens. Farewell. May you have a good quiet life." With that Drachen flew off to the south leaving the couple standing there wondering about all the strange things they had seen.
"Potria, let us get your books and potions back and then I will go hunting. We need fresh meat before the snow comes again. I will cut more wood when I return."
"You go. I can manage the books. You need time to sort out what we have seen. You never did understand magic, or the other dark arts. Go get us a fat animal so we can eat well. Here is your bow." Matak took the bow, kissed his mate and headed off into the woods.
Potria finished placing things away and sat to watch the sun set. She watched several deer going to the pond nearby. With a chuckle she wondered how many Matak had seen. She heard many birds chirping in the trees, as they fed their young. She thought of the poor jay. It must be so confused. She only hoped that it would be able to find a place it could live a quiet life. The howl of a wolf drifted through the trees. Answered by another in the distance and then another closer. 
Potria had heard wolves before. They never came close to here. They preferred to hunt in the highlands north west of here, where game was plentiful. The howls were getting closer. For some strange reason, the sound of them made her very nervous. She got up to go inside when a very large, dark coloured wolf, with many others behind it, approached her. 
"I sense you can hear and understand us. Will you hear me out?" The wolf spoke calmly.
Potria looked at his eyes and she saw no ill intention but said, "I will listen but only if you all lay down, so cannot jump. I have not seen you before. You make me nervous."
"As you wish mistress." The wolf laid down and turned his head and barked at the others. They immediately laid down too. "Now you will listen?"
"Of course. Tell me what you wish and what brings you to my door." 
"We were hunted by a group of men. We split up and ran. I do not know where the men went. Suddenly I was dizzy. Then here. Where are we mistress? Can we stay?"
"I am not sure what is happening, but you may stay as long as you wish. I do not control this land. If you do not hunt humans or their animals, I know you are safe here. There are plenty of animals here. This land is protected from evil so behave and you will be welcome. I have never seen a wolf as big as you. You have a name? You were not raised on this island, were you?" Potria said calmly.
"No mistress. Came from cold white land across big water. Almost dead. These kind ones fed me. Returned to strength. Made me leader. They call me Akela. Never had name."
"Akela is a good name. You will find few men in the hills to the east of here on this island and much game too. I believe you are here because of the problems we are having. Forgive me but I should get on with my work." said Potria as she opened the door to the house.
"We go where you say. Can you tell us what the flying lizards are? Many here. Never saw before. Do they hunt us?" asked Akela as he started to rise. 
"You must mean the dragons. They protect us. They must be trying to fix the rifts. You have nothing to fear from them. Go and have a good life, Akela."
"Our thanks and farewell mistress." Akela and all the others walked off through the trees and were gone. 
Potria looked through her books, but did not find anything that could explain the rifts that were happening in the shield that guarded them. She never expected to find anything as powerful magic is seldom written. She sat reaching her mind out and she could sense several dragons, but they were too busy to talk. She did read their chatter with another. The dragons were following his instructions in a repair attempt. She listened as they moved around and did what they were instructed to do. 
The sun was just rising when Portia opened her eyes and realized she had fallen asleep in the chair. She rose and looked out the door. There was a dragon in the yard and what looked like a shimmering person. An old man it looked like. She shielded her eyes a bit to get a better look, when she heard a deep voice.
"I am Taynoric, child. I have patched the shield. You will vouch for the wolves that visited you? Or do I need to have them returned to their world? They seem to be happy but if they are a threat they will have to go. What do you say Potria?"
"I do not know them, but I sensed no ill will from them. They were confused as I am. I have heard of you. Was told you had passed many winters back. Seems I was told wrongly."
"In your time, I am no more. I have passed on to another realm but can return to continue helping. With the help of another we will not let your shield open again. The wolves will remain. They can prove themselves worthy. I sensed no ill will either. Thank you child. Farewell. Good life to you." The dragon flew off with the old man and Potria smiled as she thought that even when this life was ended, there was another. It pleased her to know that.
When Matak returned with a large deer, she told him all about her two encounters. he listened as she went through all the details. He had seen the dragons flying around but since it was none of his concern what dragons occupied their time with he had not paid much attention. It was good that they had fixed the rifts. He had no liking for the other world so it was good. He did ask many questions about the wolves and the old man. He did remember an old man called Taynoric. He had been a great wizard but like Potria, he always thought he had died many winters ago. 
Sightings of dragons became rare again and no unusual sightings or contacts occurred as summer turned to fall and then into winter. The land of Oileánglasa again became the peaceful, quiet island, with more wolves, but they bothered no one. Grap had given his Inn to another and moved to Llaydun. Potria had become a great healer and was sought out by many. She taught others which plants they needed and how to prepare them.
Matak had travelled north to have his skins and had them made into clothes for him and Potria. They would not need much more, but to get tools and seed, he needed to sell them. There was little need for money as whatever was needed, they raised or hunted for. Matak, did have to travel further for meat, since he knew all the animals nearby and had no liking of hunting those he knew.
The big wolf, Akela, had come by once with a gift of a very large buck he had caught. A gift for Potria. Unfortunately he had come as she was showing several other females how to prepare herbs and scared them severely. They would need another lesson as Potria was sure they remembered only that big animal, dropping a dead buck in front of them. Somehow they were assured that Akela did not want them as food, but were too nervous to learn more that day. 
Winters came and went. The island prospered as did those on it. Occasionally fishermen had told stories of huge metal ships they had seen while at sea, but few if any believed they were more than tall tales made up to pass time. Matak knew they were not just stories but never told others of what he had seen and knew about what was outside their barrier.
Chapter Twenty Four
The sun shone down on Halbes as he walked along the trail. A small creek ran across the trail ahead. He turned and saw that his travelling companion was feeling the heat so he suggested they stop and take a break. "We are well past any threats. Let's stay here and find some shade. Ailsa, you look ready to melt." They found a large bush that offered some shade and the water quenched their thirst. 
It had been two sunrises since they had left the mountains and headed easterly to the main road. They made sure to stay away from others, till they were well away from Yondic and her territory. The dragons had healed his wounds and told them there was a friendly settlement near the wastelands where they could get supplies and directions to cross the barren country. It would not be an easy trip, but it was possible. 
"We should not tarry long, Halbes. There is a long way to go yet." Ailsa said as she started to rise.
Holding her with one hand on her shoulder, Halbes said, "Sit. We are not in a hurry. We have been moving day and night. We are no longer in danger so now we take our time. There is no hurry to get anywhere."
"You are right. Let us camp here and go on in the morning. There are bushes over there that will shelter us." 
"No my dear, we will stay right here. Those are thorberry bushes and you do not want to be stepped on when the wild bears come to eat. We will be fine here and can get a good rest before we go on."
They rested easy and with the heat of the night, they needed no coverings to keep warm. Insects buzzed around but did not bother them. Even the golden bears made little noise when they came to eat berries. Halbes watched them eat, before he lay down beside the sleeping girl he was told was his wife. He had no memory of ever binding. There had been no event that he knew of that could account for his memory loss. That is why he had to get to the oracles in the south mountains. If anyone could tell him why he could not remember, they could.
Ailsa could not tell him when they had bound or why they had been separated. She only knew that they were. She had been raised where he had found her and he had not. He had been raised far to the south in another land. She was a good woman and he did like her a lot, but her strange proclamation about being his woman needed to be examined.
Before the sun rose they were on the main road, walking toward the east and the settlement of Inda, that they had been told of. There they would learn the best way across the wastelands. Halbes knew there was no safe way through the poisonous swamp lands. There had been a trail that bordered the swamp. He had taken it so many winters back, when he had first passed this way. Now he just wanted to get back to get answers, and find out if that trail was safe. 
The oracles would have the answers. They kept records of all the goings on in the world. He had seen maps of many places and so many recorded events that it would take a lifetime to read them all. If they did not know, then no one would. It would take many days to get there, but from there, he could cross the water, to his homeland. The sun was setting as they reached the settlement. They found lodging and after filling their stomachs. They slept well in soft beds.
When he got up he saw Ailsa was already up and out. He went down to find her and some drink. She was at a small table with an old woman. They were talking quietly as he approached them and nodded as he sat with them. "This is Magata. She tells me the old road is gone and we will have a long walk through the wasteland. We will need extra water and food to make it."
Magata looked at Halbes and smiled, "I know you. It was long ago and you were much younger. You came to our camp half starved. I see you are much better at taking care of yourself now. Halbes, isn't it?"
Halbes stood and hugged the old woman "You have a good mind, Magata. I had forgotten the name, but not what you and your kin did for me. I still have not repaid you for your kindness."
"You owe me nothing. As you can see, I have done well. I own an Inn and the store you will spend your wealth at. Sit down and have some coffee." she said as she poured the black liquid into a cup and handed it to him. "I get this from a land far to the east of here. It is much better than the leaves we normally brew for morning drink. I am told the beans grow in the wetlands of a land called Bozail. I am told it takes a full moon to make the trip by boat."
"I have seen that land. It is a long ways across the seas. It is so very green, with dangerous crawling animals. The people I met were very friendly. Never tasted anything like this coffee before. It is a bitter but wakes your senses."
"You will follow the main road, I gather. It will be safer than any other route. You will need to be careful. There is no water between here and Easton. If you wait, I can get you an escort with the caravan. They will arrive in a few days. That way you will not have to carry so much water with you."
"Thank you for the offer but we will be fine and there is water there, if you know where to look. I have crossed places like that before. Just need to keep covered from the sun and move slowly in the heat. We will not cross it during the day. Travelling at night will be better and we can rest during the day. I remember a spring near the fork but that was the old trail. You say it is gone now? Why would anyone change the road?" said Halbes.
Magata looked at him and said, "You do not know about the creature. It came soon after you were here last. Once it attack all travellers, people went further east and ships started to go further up the coast to Easton. The trip across the wastelands was shorter and with the regular caravans, it was a safer crossing. As far as I know only the oracles land in the south now. Since none travel this way, very little is heard from them."
"We will be fine. I assure you. Thank you for your concern. We will go and get supplies and then travel to the edge of the wasteland so we can travel through the night."
Halbes put his coins on the table and left with Ailsa close behind. In the shop they made sure they had enough edibles and extra water skins. Halbes got a very strong knife and gave it to Ailsa. Once they had all they needed they left heading east. It was not long till they reached the end of the green grasslands. All that was before them was sand, a very few dried bushes, and the occasionally fat green tree.
Rather than wait for the sun to go down they walked on. The road was well defined by the deep rut that seemed to be very well travelled. As they passed where the old road south went off Halbes paused and looked that way. A moment later he continued to follow the new road. Ailsa walked beside him and as she glanced back at the barely visible trail they walked away from asked, "Why do we not go that way? You are strong again. With my magic we can overcome any beast, or have you forgotten that I do know some of the black arts."
"I have not forgotten. We do not know what kind of creature it is, but we do know that none have tried to kill it. It has terrified or killed all who travelled that way. I have to think someone would have tried to make the way safe. If not men, the dragons would have. If they could not stop it, you truly believe we would have any hope?"
Ailsa agreed that till they knew more, the safer route was best. She did make herself a promise, to learn all she could about the creature. She thought maybe she could make it stop it's attacks. She did have a way with animals. 
They had walked a long way by the time the sun started rising and they stopped to set up shelter for the day. Halbes dug a small hole and set a cover over it. Ailsa laid down beside him. They slept undisturbed, in the cool hole, waking just before the sun started to leave the sky. There was little talk between them. They packed up and started along the road. The moon rose and lit the ground so they could see the tall fat trees. They were the only green, in the sandy brown land. 
"What are all those round dried bushes, that pile around the green trees?" asked Ailsa.
"They are called tumbleweeds. They are blown all over by the wind, when it blows. I was told they were green bushes before this land dried out and they died. They are the spirits of what once was. Restless wandering spirits."
"With all the water and rain, why does this land stay brown? I have never seen such a place. There is nothing here. No growth. No animals. No people. It is a very strange place." Ailsa looked at Halbes quizzically. "You have seen other places like this?"
"Yes Ailsa. There are several places in this world where rain does not fall and little grows, but there is always life. The creatures that live here are stranger and smaller but they are here. Reach your mind out and hear them. I know you can do that. I am surprised you have not listened before."
Ailsa stopped and reached out with her mind. She heard the scurry of tiny feet, strange sounds of tiny creatures communicating. Then her eyes opened wide as she heard the birds overhead and the many voices of the small ones underground. For the rest of the day she smiled and giggled occasionally at the new world she heard. She never even realized they had arrived at the crossroad, where a caravan was camped for the night. 
Halbes talked to one of the men as they broke camp. When they had left heading west, Halbes took Ailsa to a rather small green tree and told her to take her knife and make a small hole in the centre. Doing as she was told she was amazed as fluid flowed from the hole. "Drink my dear. It is nectar of the desert. When you have no water, these cactus will sustain you. You can even eat the flesh of these. Others are not so good but these are the ones you want. You did see that there were different ones I gather."
"Yes I did see that. I will remember but if we are together, why would I need to know the differences?"
"My dear, you as well as I know, nothing is even guaranteed. We must be ready for anything. I just want to know that you can survive in these places if something should happen."
"You have changed since we were together last. You used to take things much more casually. I rather like you this way."
"You will have to explain this life I do not remember. You say we were bound, yet I have travelled all my life, I do not recall you. There is something familiar about you, but we never met till I got to this land. How could we have been together? There are some parts of my life I do not remember well, but a binding is not one of them."
"While we wait for the sun to set, let me tell you what I do know." said Ailsa, as she laid in the freshly dug hole. "Many years ago I saw images of people and a life I knew I had not lived. They were so clear and sharp. I knew all I saw. It was not a dream and then I did not understand it. It was when I met a travelling oracle that he explained it to me. It was hard to believe then but now I know it is true. We are born. Go through life and die. Most think that is all there is. It is not. After death we are born again and have another life. This happens over and over, but few ever remember their lives from before. You understand this Halbes?"
"Is that why some people and places seem familiar, even though you know you have never been there?" asked Halbes.
"Yes that is it. You have not been there in one life, but have been there in an earlier one. I had one vision, that kept repeating. It was so vivid that I came to live where I knew you would eventually come. You were a bit longer getting to me than I expected, but I knew you would come. I feel that you know it too. We are meant to be together."
"I will admit that there is an attraction, but we were never bound in this life. That is why I do not remember it. Let us get some rest Ailsa. We still have three nights travel before we get to our destination."
They slept well that day. Halbes held Ailsa close. He knew now, that no matter what the records showed, they would spend the rest of this life together. The only question was, where. They were awakened by a frightening roar rolling over the sand hills from somewhere in the west. It was not just one roar. The sound came in waves and sent chills through both of them. 
From the sun, Halbes knew it was just past midday. The heat beat down on them. Ailsa moved closer, she was shivering. "It is far away, dear. We have nothing to worry about. It sounds like whatever it is, is hunting prey. Let us try and get some rest. I will be glad to get out of this heat and sandy place. I do prefer the green lands." 
"You may be right Halbes. That sound does send chills up my back. Never felt that kind of fear before. I may have been hasty when I said we could beat that creature." Ailsa chuckled as she lay back down close to her husband.
"Get some sleep. I will stay awake for a while in case it comes closer. I rather not be it's next meal."
Halbes sleep restlessly. There was no more roaring, but something bothered him. He had heard many animals run by quickly as he usually did. Then there was something, he sensed, watching them. He did not look out to see, but there was something there. Ailsa got up as Halbes was preparing their meal. "Let's eat and go. I do not have a good feeling about this place." he said.
"You feel it too? That sense of danger here. It has been heavy over us since we heard that roaring. It will be good to get away." stated Ailsa.
They had not gone far on the road southward, when the moon rose. Halbes thought he saw movement. He felt nothing with his mind. A shadow did cross the road ahead. It was a swift blur. Staying low, so as not to be seen, but he had seen it. When they got to the spot, he paused a moment to inspect the ground. He saw no prints of any kind. "What is it? You find something?" asked Ailsa.
"I thought I did but there is nothing. My mind playing tricks on me. Let us go on." He replied. He had seen some dirt had been disturbed. There was no reason to tell Ailsa. Not yet anyway. They walked on through the night with no more strange occurrences. The landscape did not change any. Nothing but dirt hills and the occasional green tree. Small birds fluttered by occasionally. Even in the cool of the night, this land was hot. They came to a cluster of cactus as the sun started to brighten the sky. 
"We will rest here for the day. Hopefully we can make it to the base of the mountains when we finish tomorrows journey. At least we should be away from all this sand. I will prepare our bed if you get some food ready."
"As you wish, M' lord." Ailsa giggled as she curtsied very low. "You wish to eat in the main dinning room, Sire?"
"Never realized you were such an obedient servant. I should pay more attention to my slave girls." Halbes smiled and winked as he finished digging the small sleeping pit.
After eating they laid under the cover and soon fell asleep. Ailsa woke to the sound of many animals running nearby. She could sense nothing with her mind and suddenly realized Halbes was not there. Looking out from under the cover, she saw him sitting cross legged a short distance away. "Halbes! Are you alright? What are you doing out there?" she asked.
Halbes turned to look at her and without speaking, beckoned her to join him. She came to where he was and her mouth opened wide at what she saw. There just down the slope were many hairy animals. They were taller than any horse. Ran on spindly legs that did not seem able to carry the weight of the animal she saw. They had a huge bump on their backs and their heads were like nothing she had ever seen. She sat beside Halbes and watched.
"I have never seen so many camels in one place. Ten or fifteen but never saw hundreds and all wild." said Halbes. "One thing you may find interesting. Listen carefully."
Ailsa listened and heard a faint sound. Not a roar, but it did sound familiar. The closer she listened, the more she knew it was the terrifying sound they had heard the day before. "It was these animals that had frightened us? They do not seem scary. They did sound much louder before."
"That is because they were closer then. Maybe they all made the sound together." stated Halbes. "I have been told that they can be vicious and since there is no outrunning them, it is best to keep our distance from them. They do not eat people so they are not the monster we have heard about. I was also told they can travel through these places without water."
"Amazing animals. How did you learn about them? I gather not all are wild."
"On the land south of here they are used as carriers by the native people. Their desert is much larger than this. It covers almost all the land. The only green they have is near a central river and in the western mountains. I learned much from them about surviving in harsh lands. Come, we need to rest. Tonight will come soon enough. We should rest."
The sun was gone as Halbes packed up. He and Ailsa walked a bit quicker. They did not notice they were being watched. The shadow figure moved as they moved and stayed back far enough that it would not be detected. It would strike as they made camp in the morning, when they would least suspect it.
Chapter Twenty Five
In the distance the mountains rose, majestically to the sky. They were not snow covered as the northern mountains, but they were as rugged and tree covered. Halbes saw where the old trail separated from the new one. "We will camp here. There will be no travelling at night from here. We can travel by the suns light again. We will be among the green grasses before the sun gets high."
"Why not just continue till we get there then? We do not have to rest now. We only did that to escape the heat. If we are that close, let us go on."
"I need to see something for myself. You will be fine here. This is one thing I need to do myself. Hope you can understand. There is something out there that I need to see."
Ailsa looked at him sternly, for a moment. "I will reluctantly wait here till you return. I do not like the idea of you going alone. I do not know what the monster is, but if you do not want me with you, there is little I can do."
Halbes looked at her. He knew that it would be wrong not to take her with him. "I know you will follow me. Pack up. We will go and find this mysterious creature, together."
Ailsa hurriedly packed up and soon they were heading along the old trail to the oasis Halbes knew would be there. With nothing but sand on one side and more grass and shrubs on the other, they walked at their usual brisk pace. More animals were seen as they got closer to the wetlands ahead. Halbes talked of creatures that lived there and that they must be alert or they would spring on them. 
The most feared creature in the swamp was called a gator. Halbes described it as a stealthy animal with an appetite for anything that got too close. They were to be avoided at all cost. The trail should be safe. It avoided the swamp waters. By nightfall they saw the tall trees that surrounded the oasis and their goal. Camp was set up in no time. No hole in the ground here. Just a cloth hung between trees for shelter. 
"I am sure it will make an appearance. There have been no travellers here for a long time and we will attract it with a large fire and our singing. You have a pleasant voice and we deserve a little fun."
No sooner had Halbes said it, then a loud howl was heard, nearby. It was no camel's sound. This was a deep strange roaring sound. Halbes had heard a sound like it before. He just could not remember where. Ailsa moved closer as they sat near the fire looking around to see anything that moved. Twice more they heard the howl. Both times it moved as if it was circling them. Halbes whispered into Ailsa's ear, they both stood and moved to the shelter. Laying down, ready to spring up at first sign of anything, they lay there holding each other.
"I will put more wood on the fire, dear." Halbes said as he rose after some time. He winked at Ailsa. Whispering, "Be ready to vanish." He took the few steps to the flame and tossed more wood in. He glanced around as he picked up the wood. He noticed a shadow near a tree, that was not of the tree. 
He went back to the shelter. Laid again and whispered in Ailsa's ear, "Now. It is near the tree to our left. You go right and I will go left at him. It is no creature. Just a man."
They chanted the spell and slipped away from the shelter. Halbes saw the shadow step from behind the tree and leapt on it. After a short struggle it lay still and Ailsa appeared holding a large branch. Halbes appeared and smiled as he looked at her shock that she had clubbed the man. "Not bad for a magic user. He has the most unpleasant odour I have had a whiff of." 
"I didn't kill him. Did I? It was a hard hit." asked Ailsa.
"No he lives. We will tie him to this tree and then when he wakes we will talk to him about the things that have gone on here. He must have a purpose behind driving people from the trail." Halbes got some vine rope and secured the man. 
There was a horn of a mountain goat laying near and Halbes knew right away where he had heard the noise before. The natives to the western land had used horns like this to signal each other over distances. This one was large and partially blocked at the large end to give it a deeper tone. He took the knife from the man's belt, and made sure he had no way to escape, before they could talk. Ailsa bandaged the minor wound, she had given him, before she sat with Halbes and waited for him to wake.
It took a long time before they heard the man moan. Halbes went over and asked if he wanted a drink but he what he said made no sense. "Carson a tha thu air mo cheangal? Leig leam falbh. Tha thu air mo chrìochan. Leig dhomh falbh!"
Ailsa's eyes lit up and she said, "Seems he does not like being bound and that we are trespassing." She looked at a curious Halbes. "He is speaking a language I have not heard for many years. It comes from the northern islands. At least that is what I was told."
"Then you understand him. Can you find out why he scares others away. Tell him we will release him if he tells us his story and then we will leave him in peace." 
" I will do my best. Hope I remember the tongue properly." Ailsa said as she gave the man a drink.
"Chan eil sinn airson faighinn a-mach carson a tha thu a 'cur eagal air luchd-siubhail. Tha sinn a 'ciallachadh nach dèan thu cron sam bith. Tha thu ag innse dhuinn dè tha sinn ag iarraidh fios a bhith againn agus fàgaidh sinn." Ailsa said to him.
The man stared at her and then at Halbes. Slowly he said, " Innsidh tu càch. An uairsin chan fhaigh mi sìth sam bith." 
"He is worried we will tell everyone there is nothing to fear and this road will be travelled again. He does seem to be harmless enough. I will make a deal so he will talk to us." Turning to the man she said, "Ma gheallaicheas tu gun a bhith a 'ruith, leigidh mi leat. Cha leig sinn fios do neach sam bith mu na tha air a bruidhinn an-seo air an oidhche seo. Gu bheil mi a 'gealltainn. A bheil seo agad ach cànan?"
"Yes, I know your speak. Does he know and agree?" asked the man.
A surprised Halbes said, "Whatever she has told you, I will agree to. We only wish to hear your story."
"Then untie me, we shall speak."
Halbes untied the rope carefully, after Ailsa had told him that that was part of the agreement. He then wrapped the rope up and tossed it on his pack. In a gesture of friendship, he gave back the horn and knife he had taken. No sooner had he done that when the man ran off into the darkness.
"Well so much for trust." Halbes stated as he looked into the night where the man had gone. 
"I really thought he could be trusted. I am sorry Halbes."
"It is not your blame. I would have done the same. Let us have a drink and get some rest. At least we know there was no vicious beast. We can tell the oracles and let them deal with this timid person." Halbes poured Ailsa a cup and then himself. They sat near the fire and drank, as they contemplated why anyone would live here alone.
"Nope. I am here to honour our agreement." The man stepped from the darkness. Beside him was the largest gator Halbes had ever seen. It had to be at least four paces long. As the man sat near them, it laid beside him quietly. "This is Kroc. I saved him from being eaten by another when he was young and he has stayed with me ever since. He was ready to attack you so had to stop him before we could talk. My name is," he paused as if to remember his own name. "I can't seem to remember. Have I been here that long? Aha! Daire. That is it! My name is Daire."
They talked the night away and discovered that Daire had come from the north many winters back. He had been a very well trained cleric, he caught the wanderlust and travelled south. As he travelled, he became disillusioned. Seeing how cruel and inhuman men were toward each other. One day he found himself here on his way to the oracles. He saved Kroc and in the gator found a true friend. 
He terrorized the travellers that passed this way to steal food till he learned that the land would provide all he needed. He only continued so that they would leave him alone. None of the travellers ever died at his hand, although a few did go into the swamp and were taken by the gators there. He never washed so he became a part of the swamp. His horn had been a gift from another traveller he had known. Daire had modified it till it sounded like a creature. It made scaring others away much easier. 
He sent Kroc in to wreak havoc in the camps and people would run in all directions leaving goods and food for him to take at his leisure. They seldom returned. He avoided the few soldiers that came through. If they did not run with the others when he blew his horn, he knew they would fight. He even kept Kroc away from those people so he would not be hurt. 
They had been the first to come in many winters, he had become careless. They had tricked him too easily. Halbes told him that the horn had sent chills through him. It had only been his familiarity with the sound of the horn that had made him curious. He had suspected deceit and was happy that he had been right. Halbes did not enjoy the idea of killing any creature, or being killed by one. 
Ailsa handed them food and drink, as the sun appeared in the sky. She tossed Kroc the last chunk of meat saying, "Sorry it is only a snack." They ate and drank before they said their farewells. As he walked away, Daire turned and raised his arm and said, "Fhad 'sa bhios sinn a' coinneachadh a-rithist, caraidean." 
Ailsa replied in turn and turned to Halbes saying, "It means, 'Till we meet again, friends.' He was really a good man." She stood beside Halbes a moment watching the two walk into the swamp. "Shall we move on too?" 
Then spent the day travelling back to their camp at the edge of the desert and decided to go to the mountains, which were not so far ahead. Once they reach the slope up, they camped for the night. It was good to sit and look at the stars till they fell asleep. The next morning they made their way up the slope and into the mountains to the oracles home. 
The trail started among the trees but as the went higher the tress grew sparser. There were benches to rest along the trail. All were placed near the trickling stream, to refresh travellers. They made use of a bench halfway up. Climbing up the slope was much harder than walking along a flat trail. It was late in the day when they reach the top of the mountain. It had been flattened and cultivated. The grey stone building, loomed over the trees in the fore garden, just beyond the very ornate metal gates. A stone path wound it's way threw the garden. All was well kept and a couple of the oracle trainees were working the soil around the flower beds. They did not look up or acknowledge Halbes and Ailsa, at all. 
They walked up the steps to the door of the building as an oracle opened the door. He bade them enter with a sweep of his arm as he bowed. "Enter children. Leave your packs here and they will be taken care of. The master will see you soon. It has been a long time since anyone has come here. Please wait here and relax. The master will be here shortly." He showed them to a large room that was filled with books from floor to ceiling.
In the middle was a table with several chairs along each side. By the fireplace were soft chairs and two cups beside an ornately decorated pot. "Have some drink while you wait children. It is freshly prepared. I will see to your room, and have your things put away. Relax. There is no danger here, as you Halbes should know, you have been here before."
The oracle walked out, leaving Halbes and Ailsa alone to ponder their surroundings. They sat by the fire and had the sweet tea. They chatted about the beauty of the climb and garden outside. Halbes saw that Ailsa was getting sleepy. There was a bell on the table, so he rang it. An oracle came in and asked what he wanted. He told him to show them to their room so he could let Ailsa sleep and he would return to speak with the master oracle as soon as he laid her down. 
Ailsa objected but when two female oracles came and took her by the arms, she went with them willingly. They took her out as a well dressed, bearded man strode in. Halbes smiled as he recognized, Abra, the master oracle. "I see you have a new robe, old friend." 
"One of my few pleasure, Halbes. You seem well for one who has travelled this world."
"I have been lucky Abra. You know why I am here? I wanted to see old records, but over the last few suns, it has become, no longer important. I have heard that few come here these days." said Halbes. He told of the man in the swamp and Abra smiled.
"We have known of him since he started to scare travellers. We will make him happy and put a stop to his game." The master stood in front of the fire. "Now that you no longer needs the records, what will you do?"
"I wish to travel home and see if all is as I left it. I am sure there have been changes and Ailsa has never travelled. I hope we can settle there and live our lives in peace."
"You will be disappointed then son. Your home has been at war, many winters now. There is little left. They fight over the riches in the hills. That is why so few have bothered to travel to here from there." The oracle explained that because of the war, there were no ships travelling to Halbes' country. Any ships that came close were either sunk, or taken and the crew killed. 
They talked more about all Halbes had seen. His adventures and those he met in his travels. The time seemed to fly by. Abra rose and escorted Halbes to the room he had been assigned to sleep in. "I have something to show you when you wake. For now sleep. You need a potion to sleep?"
"Thank you, but I will not have trouble sleeping. Night Abra."  Halbes slid into the bed beside Ailsa's sleeping form. He fell asleep watching the stars pass the window on this moonless night.
After a morning shower of ice water, Halbes and Ailsa were shown to the dining hall where they had a big meal. Abra had sent a young trainee to show Halbes to the lower section where he waited to show him the map room. The maze of corridors and tunnels below the temple above, made it easy to lose your way, unless you were very familiar with the passages.
Abra stood at the entrance to one room as they approached. He dismissed the guide and took us into the dimly lit room. Inside he walked around and lit six torches, but they were unlike any torches Halbes had ever seen before. There was no flame. Light came from them and yet there was no fire. They gave off very little heat. 
"I see you are amazed at my torchlights. They are an invention of a former student. He now travels the western land, the one covered with jungles. He was very clever and found a way to store the suns light so it could be used in dark places. This is not what I wanted to show you. Here, look at this ball. Halbes, you will recognize much of what is on here." explained Abra.
Halbes looked at the large round ball. It was taller the he was and much looked familiar. He saw the jungle river of the western land. The deserts of the land to the south. "It looks like you have all the land of the world here. Much I do not know. What is this large white spot at the bottom?"
Abra explained, "We call this the world ball. It is a round map. As my oracles travel, they send back their flat maps, which are then copied on here by the trainees. We know the earth is not flat so what better to way to display the lands. When it is done, we will make many smaller ones for all the towns, so all can see what a beautiful ball we live on. As you can see along the walls. We do keep the flat maps too."
"This world ball is very amazing Abra. Almost as amazing as your torches. You have not told me about the white land here though," said Halbes as he pointed to the bottom of the ball.
"That, I am told, is a land where the snow never leaves. None have ventured further than it's shores, because of the cold air. We know nothing, other than it's shape and size. One day we will try to find out more. At present few animals, and no plant life, has been seen there and no native people. As far as we know."
Halbes examined the ball more closely, telling Abra where known settlements were. He looked at the old man and asked, "How is it, that I have not seen any of the world from so far up. Yet I recognize all the places I have seen, from the ground? I find that strange."
"The mind is marvellous if it is open. We can see a flat map and known the land when we get to it. With this view it is only a different shape. Same principle. Now come children. It is time to get ready for the celebrations." Abra led them out and back to the sunlight.
Leaving them in the main hall, Abra said, "You go and talk. Decide where you will travel from here. Tomorrow the ship will take you to your destination. It waits below, at the dock. I called for it when I learned you would come here. May I suggest the forest land to the west. It will be the last land to be populated by the evil greedy men who have started to take over this world. The natives there are friendly and I am sure you will do well among them."
Dancing, eating and music filled the night. Everyone had a great time. The night seemed to go quickly and morning came too soon for Halbes. Ailsa stood beside him, on the rocking deck and waved to Abra as the ship raised it's sails and slipped from the land. A new adventure was just beginning for them. With a bit of fear in their minds they would meet the new challenges together. 
Chapter Twenty Six
The air was cool as Abra climbed the steps to the viewing tower. The new year had started with some very cold air and a lot of snow. As Abra emerged from the stairwell he pulled his fur tighter against the chill. Looking at the elven oracle who stood by the long black tube, he said, "So what is so important Mayta, that I have to be here on such a cold night?"
"The telescope is set. Just look threw this eye piece and you will see Master Abra." replied the dark skinned elf.
Abra put his eye to the small tube and saw a stone. It was nothing spectacular in his mind, but it must be or he would not be called to look at it. "Is this not just another rock in the heavens? You have told me of many before. Why is this one so different?"
Mayta looked Abra in the eye and excitedly said, "I have watched this, as you know I do all of the stars. This one is coming right at us. It will hit our world and because it is large, it will cause many problems. I would would like to gather all oracles and discuss the consequences of this. It will not arrive for many full moons but when it does, we must be ready."
"Then we shall gather and meet. I have never known you to get so excited about any of your stones. This must be urgent then but if I remember properly, Amanda will not be back for several days. She is head of planters. Can it wait for her return?"
"I will talk to the others separately so they know and we will be ready when she returns. Is there a way to send a message to Amanda so she will be forewarned?" 
Abra thought for a moment before he said, "Of course. I can send the crow to her with your thoughts. Write as brief a message as you can and I will send it to her." Abra turned and with Mayta close behind returned down the long stairway to the warmth of the rooms below.
It was not a rest day for the students so Mayta went to his room and wrote a letter for Amanda and delivered it to Abra, whom he found in the library, as was his habit on study days. he did like to be available in case he was needed to solve any problems. Abra took the letter and handed to a student and said, "Take this to crow. Tell him it goes to Amanda. He will do the rest." The student bowed and hurried out.
"You have all your information together Mayta. So we can discuss what is to be done. I do hope it will not be as bad as you seem to think it will be. Tell me what you think will happen, now that I am warm again." The old man smiled slightly as he looked at the wise elf sitting across from him at the long table.
Mayta looked down at the table, he spoke hesitatingly, "This rock is so much bigger. Than any I have seen before. You remember the land south, was a green jungle, before the small rock hit so long ago. Now it is a desolate desert. If this new one hits land. I foresee the entire world being destroyed. If on the other hand it hits water. Only changes in sea level and a much wetter land will happen. I cannot tell where it will strike. I do believe we must be prepared for either. The closer it gets. The more I will know." 
"Then we must prepare. You organize the other oracles and I will see what I can do to warn the people of the world. They should be told of the impending disaster. We should pray the goddess sees fit to hit water with this rock." Abra rose and went to his rooms to contemplate and pray.
Mayta had told everyone of his concerns. There was time before the rock struck, but once it was close enough for all to see with their own eyes, panic would set in. They had to protect the records and monastery from people when they came. Abra agreed and since he did not want an army of men around to do the job, he had sent a message to a dragon he knew lived by itself. He had not received a reply, but was sure it would come to help an old friend. 
The next days saw much activity throughout the monastery. Teachers worked on plans to save all they could if the worst would happen. Students were running to and fro, getting books and old records for their teachers. Abra explained to all that any thoughts and ideas would be discussed at their meetings, which he had set for every second rest day. Since Amanda had sent a message, she would not return till the next full moon. 
The students usually spent their rest days in play or wandering the garden. No more. All gathered around the teachers, as they discussed plans. There was much talk about what would happen. All agreed that Satler, the science oracle, was right. Contact with this rock would cause panic and destruction, no matter where it hit. Once all had agreed on what had to be done. Everyone got their assignment and set to it in earnest. Anytime there was a lull in the activity, teachers and students got together to discuss what was being done and still had to be done. 
Abra had gathered miners from far away to dig extra storage rooms in the side of the mountain. Only one tunnel was added from the monastery, as an escape route into and through, the new caverns. That way if they were invaded, there was a safe way out of danger. Abra oversaw everything. 
He was always getting updates on the preparations. Only one thing worried him. Although he had sent warnings and suggestions to all the leaders, he never heard from them. If not for his winged messengers, he would have no idea what the rest of the world was doing to prepare. The news from far was not good. Kaw, the albatross, had come from the west, saying that few if any, were storing food, or doing anything out of their daily lives. The animals were worried and sought shelter in any caves they could get into, while the humans seemed to do nothing. 
The great eagle, Ser, had brought news of more warring in the south. Seems they thought more about their wealth than about their own lives. Abra had no patience for those who did not listen. He did feel sorry for their lack of intelligence, but as he always said, 'It takes many different people to make the world work.' 
He would send an emissary to all with one final message. There was only one he could think of who could make the trip, with enough time to give anyone who listened, enough time to prepare. He stood on his balcony and watched Ser fly off to the north west. She carried his message to the Island of Peaks. Hopefully Zatan would do his bidding. He was hot tempered, with very little liking for mankind. That is why he lived where no man would set foot.
Three days passed when Ser returned to give Abra his report. It was positive. Zatan would do it and had started right away. He had gone to Oileánglasa since it was the closest land to his home. He would travel west and south from there and then come back to this land to finish his warnings. "He is a very intelligent roc. I do hope he will be threatening enough to stir people into action. Thank you Ser. You have earned a rest. Go and prepare yourself."
"You are kind Abra. I have done my preparation. If you have need I will be close." said Ser as she flew off to the mountain just west of the monastery.
It was a beautiful day thought Abra. He glanced at the sky. There was nothing new but if Mayta was right, the rock would be visible when the next full moon appeared. Then the panic would start in earnest. They still were not sure where it would strike, although Mayta made new calculations daily. All indications pointed to the south, but as it got closer his calculations were showing a strike much further north. Nothing was guaranteed, but a student had figured it would finally strike the desert north of the monastery. 
The caverns would be done barely in time. It was only because many dwarves had come to help, that they would be done at all. Everyone would be given shelter for themselves and families. It was the least they could do for the hard work being put in. Abra could only hope that the rest of the people would be as prepared, but he knew it was not that way for many. 
Zatan had flown over and reported that many of the people he told of the danger were frightened by him, but most listened and heeded him. He did not have to threaten many before they started to prepare. Unfortunately those in the south land had only stopped fighting themselves, long enough to warn him off. Zatan never said how he reacted. He just said that when he was fed up with them, he left them something to remember him. Abra could see him destroying an army or at least knocking a castle down. 
Zatan did tell Abra something he would have to think about. He would have to discuss it with the teachers. Preparations would continue. They would have to prepare for the worst, but Zatan could be right about a near miss instead of a strike. None of the dragons were worried and the animals were only making small shelters for themselves. Abra always knew animals were more sensitive to change or disaster than humans. 
Grains and food stuffs were coming from all over to be stored in the caverns. Many people had started to show up at the base of the mountain. Abra knew that there was no way he could protect everyone, so he had sent a couple of dwarves to teach them to dig and build shelters as best they could. It would keep them calm and busy for the time being. 
With the rock visible in the sky, day and night, people were preparing in earnest. Reports from all over were all filled with news of preparations being done. Even the war to the south had stopped and both sides were working together.  With less then two full moons before it struck or came close, there was little time to do much and many people just came to pray to the goddess before the end. All classes were suspended till after the emergency, if there was anything left after. Abra knew at his advanced years it would not be long before he saw the other side, but the students and teachers would carry on if at all possible.
The monastery would survive, but nobody could say how many people would, if the plants and all the food sources didn't. What was stockpiled would only last for so long. It was agreed that there was nothing more that could be done. None of the teachers would leave to return to their home lands. They had too much to do here with everyone coming and needing to be comforted. Many children had arrived with no adults and they had been taken in. 
The young were put into the new dormitory, the converted library. All the books had been put into storage in the catacombs below. The young had to survive, as they were the future. If they could be taught compassion and love, maybe wars would finally come to an end. The monastery was for educating and shaping the minds of the young for the betterment of mankind. The teachers would continue to teach, where and when they could, for as long as they could. It was all they could do to guarantee a better future for the world. 
Abra spent a lot of time among those gathered below the mountain on the grassy plain. He talked as an old friend calming them. It was a full time job, as there was a group of fear mongers, preaching a new religion. Abra had a very strong dislike for this religion that had many fearing and hunting the old races and creatures that for so long had lived and helped the world flourish. Due to his teachings of compassion and love for each other he tolerated their preaching. He did all he could to counter it, but knew it was a losing battle. 
All the things of the past were being changed or dropped as more and more people turned from the old ways, to the way of greed. That is why the only treasures that he allowed in the monastery were the books and the teachers. They were all Abra's treasures. There was no need for gold or gems. They seemed to him a waste of time. They looked pretty but served little purpose in educating and the life here. They could not be eaten when you were hungry and if none had food, they would not buy any. The next full moon would tell, what would be left and who would survive. 
Mayta had told all that the closer the rock came the more the earth would shake. Storms grew strong and the seas were so rough that none sailed on them. The tides had grown much higher than any had known before. Satler had found a very old record of another stone passing. It had done much damage, but it did not strike. It was said the heat from that rock burned the trees and plants. It was a long time before crops returned but they did finally. No where in the record did it say how it was deflected, but said, all were thankful that it was.
In the record, it indicated that all the things they were doing now, had been done then. Those underground had survived, but many above ground had not. In that scroll it did say that only part of the world had been affected, which gave Abra hope that not all would be lost. The dragons knew nothing of the last one. Nor did Zatan. They, if any had a living memory of the event, would have had. There was no human, elf or dwarf, that could remember back that far.
Abra was calming a woman and her many children, when a short girl ran up to him. She was totally out of breath, but managed to say, "Master. You must come quickly. Master Mayta says it is urgent." She helped him up as he excused himself and followed the student out and along the trail to the monastery. 
"This is so urgent that Mayta has sent you, Besari. What has happened? Did he say anything to you child?"
"No Master. He just said that you need to see for yourself. He did say something about having me eaten after being slowly roasted. I did assume he was joking."
"I am sure he would not roast his prize student. Maybe baked though." Abra winked at Besari. No one admitted it, but she was the best student the monastery had ever had, and all the teachers enjoyed her pleasant company.
Abra remembered when she had first arrived as a child of barely six winters. She worked as a servant along side her mother. She had shown no interest in learning but did spend many nights in the garden, looking up at the stars. Mayta had seen her and took her under his wing. Once she started, she learned so quickly she surpassed all his other students, easily. In time she would have her own class. In time Abra was sure she would be running the monastery.
He stopped for a moment before he headed up into the tower an Besari offered him some water. He took it and thanked her. When they finally got to the top, they saw Mayta looking through his scope and jotting on his paper. He was making notes and calculations in a furious manner. He barely looked up as he said, "The rock has split. In the time I sent Besari to get you in has broken into many more pieces. They are still coming and we will be hit by some but others will miss us totally now. I am trying to calculate if this is better or worse. Besari, check the calculations on the desk. Hurry girl."
Abra knew better than to get in the way. Since they were both busy he looked through the eyepiece and saw what looked more like a handful of stones than one rock. Strange it did not look different in the sky but then maybe by the time it did, it would be too late. 
"Abra, if I am right. The rocks that land, will cause less trouble than the whole rock." exclaimed Mayta. He looked at the open mouthed Besari, as she looked up from the numbers before her and agreed with him. 
Abra looked around and down the stairs, before he put his finger before his lips and said, "Tell no one. I have much faith but you did say some would strike and create problems. Explain the problems and where these rocks will hit us. I need to know more before I offer people a false hope." 
After taking a deep breath, Mayta agreed. He explained how the air around them would burn a lot of the rocks that were small but the bigger ones would still hit the ground a send much ground into the air. Anything where they hit would be destroyed. Although it was patially good news that the one stone had broken into many, there were still many pieces that would hit the ground. The danger was lessened but not past. 
As the three finished discussing all the possibilities, it was obvious that there would still be a lot of confusion and destruction, when the rocks hit. There was no way they could know where, which rocks hit till they did. So they agreed that all they could do now, was what they were already doing. Unless they were certain, nothing would be said. It would not be long now before it was over. One way or the other. 
Abra was called to the long stairway to the ship dock as soon as they entered the main hall. A person had been pulled from the waters and was asking for him by name. As he approached the person he searched his mind, but did not recall ever seeing them before. "I am Abra. Who are you? How can I be of service to one so young?" he asked the person he assumed was a child by her appearance.
"You assume too much. You are the young one. May we speak alone Abra?" asked the slender, young looking woman, as she stood before him. 
"Yes. Come with me." Abra said as he led her to his room. As they entered he offered to get her some drink and offered her a seat. She declined and went to his window which overlooked the sea. 
"I am disappointed." She turned and her image changed, from the young female, to a very old woman, with seaweed coloured hair. "It has been a while, but I would have thought you would remember me. Never mind. We need to discuss when you will come with me to stop this menace that approaches."
Hagarita, the old witch of the sea, sat down and indicated that Abra should do the same. "I have come to remind you, of that which you did, so many years ago. When we were threatened before. I suspected you may have forgotten, over the passage of so many years." 
Chapter Twenty Seven
Abra had lost track of how many winters had come and gone since he had been the Master Oracle. It had been many more than he had cared to remember. He had vague memories of a childhood in a barren country where it was a daily struggle to survive. A few more memeories of people and creatures he had met as he journeyed the world, but most of his distant past was gone as he had concentrated on educating all that came to the monastery, he had helped to build. 
He listened carefully as his visitor talked of travelling the waves together. They had met and parted so long ago that those memories had long ago, faded from his mind. She spoke of magic and powers he had never heard of. "Have you any idea of the power you retain in your mind Abra?" asked Hagarita.
"I can speak with all creatures but have no other powers. I have sensed that there was something I could do, but have seen no sign that I have the power to stop this rock, from causing the destruction of the world."
"Not alone you can't, but with myself and another we can stop most of the destruction." Hagarita explained what they had done last time. How through Abra the other two had channelled their minds. Pushed the rock enough so it barely missed the planet.  Now they would do what they could again. This time there were many rocks so it would not be as easy. They would have to do their best as they were the only hope this world had. 
Abra tried to remember the past, but no matter what he did, it would not come to him. "How can I do anything if I cannot remember?"
"Do not worry yourself. When we go to the mountain, you will remember. I will see to that. We should leave here as soon as you are ready and get your affairs in order. I suspect you will have to put another in charge and say your farewells." Hagarita rose as her formed returned to the young woman. "I do like this form. As do the sailors I meet." She winked and asked if there was someplace she could rest as she waited for him to get ready.
Abra told her to stay and rest here, he would send food and more drink for her. He would prepare and they could leave before the sun rose again. He went and had all the teachers gather in the eating area. They all arrived chattering about the sudden meeting, when they had other things to do. They were a good group and would do quite well without Abra, as they had a good leader to follow. 
"Thank you all for coming so quickly." Abra said after they had seated themselves around the table. "I will be leaving soon. You all know what needs to be done and I know you will be fine without me. Before you all ask the obvious, let me explain as best I can." He paused as he took a drink of water.
"It seems I will have a part, with two others, in trying to save the world. We will attempt to deflect as much of the rock, as we possibly can. I am not sure how we will do it, since I seem to have lost more of my memory, than even I had thought." Abra chuckled slightly as did the others. He continued, "There is no way of knowing how successful we will be so I need to be sure that all preparations continue in your capable hands. You all know what is left to do. To keep you organized, I will put Rattor in charge of the monastery, in my place. He can continue his history classes after this threat has passed, as you all will."
For a moment they looked around at each other. Then all rose and crowded around Abra. After many farewells and wishes of hope for the best outcome, Abra returned to his room. He took his staff from it's place by the fire and held his hand out, "I am ready Hagarita. Shall we go?"
"Our transportation will meet us in your garden. He has been waiting since I called him." They walked down and through the waiting students and teachers in the main hall. 
At the door Abra turned and looked at all. Raising his staff over them, in a farewell to all, smiled and walked out the door to see the biggest dragon he had ever seen. It was a deep blue, with bright, yellow eyes that glowed in the dimming light of the day. As it looked intently at Abra and Hagarita, they heard it say, "Good to see you again my old friends. Come we must go. Taynoric is waiting."
Enfa sprang into the air. He spread his mighty wings and in two strokes they were far above the ground. Abra watched as the ground below rolled by and soon they were over the vast water of the seas. He felt Hagarita place her hand on his head. Suddenly memories and images sprang into his mind and he remembered everything from countless millennia gone by. His ancient childhood to the battle of deflecting the rock from the heavens. All became clear in his mind. 
He saw the bright fire of many rocks in the sky, shining brighter than the moon. A blanket of clouds hid the water below. They flew on. It was not so long before a mountain of stone appeared above the clouds. A peak that was not pointed but seemed to be sliced away. It was their destination. Abra knew there he would see his other old friend for one last time. 
As they got closer, the nine standing stones became clearer and a figure in the centre of the circle waved at them. It was Taynoric. They all hugged and greeted each other. The dragon stayed outside the stone circle, as the three entered. They approached the flat centre stone. It was triangular in shape and each stood against one side. With hands linked, toes inside the foot holes at the base of the stone, they looked at the glowing rocks above. Their minds were linked so all knew each others thoughts and what each one was seeing. As one, they concentrated on one particular, large rock as a blue beam shot from the stone and pushed it aside, then one rock after another was pushed away from the earth. First the three biggest rocks and then they turned their attention to the others. There were many stones left when suddenly, their link was broken. 
Taynoric had collapsed. They knelt beside his glowing body. "It is done my friends. My time is here. Stay well." With tears in their eyes Abra and Hagarita placed their right hands on his chest and as one said, "We will meet again, dear friend." He shimmered brightly and then was gone. 
Hagarita wiped her tears and looked at Abra, who sat, looking totally exhausted. "We have done all we can Abra. Now we rest and pray it was enough. Morning which will be upon us soon, and will tell all. Come we will sleep with our companion. He too is worried about the result." She helped Abra up and they sat on one of Enfa's forearms, waiting for the dawn.
Abra did not know when he had fallen asleep. When woke, the sun was overhead shining brightly. Looking around he found himself alone. He saw no dragon, no Hagarita. Only the stone circle remained. The sky was clear and not one glowing rock could be seen. Had they succeeded or was the world he had known, gone. He searched for the blue dragon with his mind, but there was no reply. He found it hard to breath this high up. He would have to find a way to a lower level or surely he would not survive.
The sun had set when he found the trail the led down through the clouds to what was below. It was not very wide but knowing how dense clouds were he started down. Just after he was engulfed by the clouds, he found a small cleft in the stones. There was wood for a fire and a small animal on a spit. It was as if it had been prepared for him. He lit the fire with his knife and stone. After eating he slept again beside the warm flame.
He woke to glowing embers and continued down the trail. Stepping carefully, as the cloud was so thick and wet, it made the rocks slippery and hard to see. Even the sun barely penetrated here. It was only the slight glow that told him it was day. When it got darker he knew the sun was setting. There was no place to rest here so he continued on. It was really dark when he saw a slight glow just around a large outcrop of stone. Coming around the stone, he saw a fire, roasting meat and nothing else. Sitting on the rock near the fire he ate and laid out for another nights sleep, on the mountain. 
As strange as it seemed, Abra never questioned who his benefactor was. He knew someone was watching over him and accepted it. Many things that happened could not be explained with the limited mind of anyone on this earth. He had learned a long time ago that you accept what comes your way and only a fool would question what life gave you. Good or bad, you take life and live it to the best of your ability. If you wish to be happy.
He woke to a strange sound that filled the air. A rumble, that grew louder as it approached. Abra pressed closer to the mountain side as the earth began to shake. Rocks rolled past as the roar became much louder. The shaking knocked him off his feet and then a very large wall of water hit the side of the mountain and sprayed him. The sound diminished till it was finally quiet again. He stood up holding his staff and peered over the edge but the cloud still obscured the view, although he could see further than the day before.
His slight shadow told him it was mid morning as he continued down the trail. He wondered how tall this mountain was. The tallest mountains he had seen till now were a day's climb at best but he had already been going down this one for twice that. The clouds started to get thinner as the day went on. He could see more rocks below. No trees or anything that his fires had been made from, but there must be some further down. He continued and in the early afternoon he saw the water below. It was a furious sea. Waves crashed the shore at the base of the mountain. There were no trees or anything but rock as far as he could see. 
He stopped at a flat spot, that had a cave, and decided to settle there, rather than go further. Abra was sure if he went all the way down, the waves would wash him off the rock and he would drown. He had to wait and see what would happen, but he also needed to know what had happened to the world. Many stones had gotten past them and would cause much damage across all the lands. 
There was a lot of washed up wood in and around the cave so Abra gathered it and stayed warm over the next few days. He spent his time reaching out with his mind, but other than a fish or two, he found no one to answer his questions. The fish only told him what he could see with his own eyes. The seas were in a tempest and showed no sign of calming. Abra did not know how long he sat there and watched wave after wave crash against the rock. He did wonder why the dragon had left without taking him back to land. Could it be that there was nothing left to return to.
The sun came and went many times and every night while he slept, food appeared. He tried to stay awake to see how it arrived, but he always dozed off and then it was there. Even on the nights he did not sleep, or did not think he slept. He seemed to get groggy and then there was the bundle. No shadow or glimpse of anyone else. It was as if all he had to do was look away. 
One day as he was contemplating who his benefactor was, he noticed something white bobbing in the high waves. It appeared to get closer but very slowly. He watched it all day and it was almost dark when he saw the ship clearly on the top of one huge wave. It was gliding on top and getting closer very quickly. The wave crashed on the rocks below and the ship was smashed to splinters. Abra quickly went down to see if there were any survivors. As waves crashed over and around him, he searched and searched all around, but he found no one. Once the light was gone and after getting totally wet and cold, he went back to his cave to dry and warm himself. 
How does a ship under full sail, journey over the seas, with not one person on board. He would search again once he dried his clothes and warmed up. He put extra wood on the fire as he laid his wet clothing on the rocks in the cave entrance. He ate and covered himself with the fur he had used as a bed. He dozed a bit but not for too long. Abra checked his clothes and since they were dry, he dressed. 
Abra watched the sea, in case sailors from the ship had been washed into the sea and needed help. None ever appeared. The sea calmed down a lot over the next few days. The sky cleared so Abra could see how tall the mountain he was at the base of, really was. The island it sat on was not as big as he thought it would be. It took less than a day to walk around it and it seemed to have been placed here. This was not a natural mountain, or did not look like any he had seen before. The base was too smooth. It seemed to be made from one stone, not the many that most mountains were made of. A very strange stone at that. It was like the mortar they had used to make the garden stones, but this was red and much harder.
What wood he had salvaged from the ship was almost gone and no new wood washed  up. Abra would be out of wood soon, unless his invisible friend brought more than daily food. It was strange that he had not heard or seen anyone in so many days. He had lost track of the passage of time. If not for the sun, he would not know if it was day or night. There were times when he wondered if he had died and if this was his afterlife. Hopefully not as he was not a person who liked being alone for long. 
He explored the island and knew it very well now. The cave went back much further than he explored so it was time to see how big it really was. Taking a torch, he had made from wood and cloth from the wrecked ship, he cautiously followed the tunnel further under the mountain. The walls were rough as a hand cut tunnel, but they had strange arced markings. The further in he went, the smoother the walls became. The floor sloped sightly downward all the way back.
Following the cave around a sweeping turn, it ended. The wall in front of him was very smooth. It was made of stone yet it was more like the inside wall of a wooden house. Running his hand across the surface he noticed a slight crack. Wiping it with his sleeve he saw it was shaped as a door. There was no handle he could find and did not give way to any prying or pushing. There was no sign of a release trigger and since Abra was out of ideas, it was time to go back and do some thinking about this.
As he sat and watched the stars in the sky, wondering what had happened to the world. Something in his mind told him to return to the top of the mountain. It was no voice that told him but somehow he knew he had to climb up again. He would set out when the sun rose. It would be a bit more daunting without the heavy clouds. Abra was not one for heights but he also did not shy from what he had to do.
All he took was the fur, for warmth in the night. It had taken two days to come down but only one to return. That did not seem right as he had not moved much faster now that he could see. He looked down from the top and it was very high. Now that he was here he reached out with his mind, still he did not get a reply. The sun was going down again so he laid out the fur and prepared to settle down for the night. 
There was no wood here or any food. He prepared himself and leaned on one of the upright stones to await his fate. A bright light flashed overhead and splashed into the sea in the distance. Abra thought it must be a remnant of the big rock. He wondered how many more were yet to come. Soon he saw a glow coming from behind him. Turning to see what it was, he saw the shapes of people.
"You are ready to go to your new home, Abra?" asked a very familiar voice. 
"Hagarita, I thought you had abandoned me to my fate. It is good to see you, and you Taynoric. You are the spirits that will take me to the next world? Am I dreaming, or are you really back?" asked Abra.
Taynoric said, "We do not abandon friends. We are only here to send you off to your new home. Much damage was done and many lives lost, but the world is still here and all from the monastery still live, thanks to your preparations. Now old friend are you ready to accept a new monastery? That intelligent girl, Besari, has gone to the west and started to build it. She will welcome your help."
"By herself she went? You must tell me why and how she travelled. The seas were impassable here so they must have been so all over. Please tell me what has happened." asked Abra
"There is not enough time Abra. Enfa approaches to take you. Ask Besari. She will explain all that has happened. We must go old friend. Farewell Abra. We will meet again." Hagarita and Taynoric glowed brightly and in a flash they were gone. 
Enfa did not speak much as he flew to the east explaining it was quicker going this way than west. Abra tried to find out what had happened to some of the people he had known, but he was talking to the wrong creature. Enfa had a very kind and good soul, but he never talked much. Direct and to the point. Hopefully Besari was the talkative girl her remembered.
Chapter Twenty Eight
A large green land came into view as Enfa flew down to the middle of a vast jungle. The mountains to the south loomed large and they flew over them to a large plateau, where Abra could see many workers moving stones and piling them in a square shape. In the centre he saw a figure waving up at the dragon as it circled down to land.
No sooner was he off the dragons back, then Enfa was off to wherever he went and Besari had him in her arms. "It is so good to see you again Master Abra. We were sure you were lost to us. It has been so long since you left. After we got classes going again and helped all those we could, I realized we needed to have a second monastery, in case one was destroyed. Some of the waves got very close to drowning us all."
Abra put a hand on her lips. "Slow down child. We have time to catch up. How long has it been since I left you? I seem to have lost track of time. It could not be as long as you suggest. You have grown some but you still look the same." 
"It has been twenty winters, Master Abra. I became an oracle before coming here." Besari stated as she looked at Abra, who looked totally confused. She helped him sit and gave him a drink of water. "Rest for now, we will talk later and I can tell you what I know and hopefully it will help you." Abra laid in the small nearby hut, as Besari went back to direct the construction. He heard strange animals sounds outside and workers hammering. After being alone for so long, the sounds were a soothing lullaby, which sent him to sleep in very little time. 
Abra woke to dead silence. He sat up and looked around. As he focused his sight, he saw the sparsely furnished room. There was another bed with another sleeper in it. He rose quietly and went outside. The air was cool and fresh. Piles of stone, timber and large beams, laid in neat piles all over. The building they were in front of was not as massive as the monastery he had known, but it was large. 
As he walked around he noticed tents near the trees at the front of the plateau. Sounds of sleeping men came from them. As clouds drifted from in front of the moon, it lit the area brightly and Abra saw the large beasts in the corral. They must have been used to get the materials up here. The smell of coffee caught his attention. It was coming from the hut he had come from. 
Abra opened the door to see Besari at the metal heater cooking food. "Have a good stroll sir? Coffee is ready. Would you like a cup of it?" she asked.
"Yes I would like some." Abra replied as he took the cup from her. "How much more is to be done before this monastery is done?"
"It will be done when the moon full is full again. Most of the material you see is for the tower for star gazing. The teachers will arrive by the next moon and students will come soon after. I have gone to the cities here and many will come from there. This is a very large land. It is larger than the one you knew." She paused as she placed a plate of food in front of him. "Eat now. I will show you the new monastery. I do hope you will be our Master Oracle now that you are here."
"No child. This is your monastery. I will stay for a time, but you are the Master here Besari. I wish to travel this land and see the people who inhabit it. You still need to tell me all that has happened in the time I have lost. It is still strange that so much time has passed for you and so little for me. I need to know where I was and why time passed so slowly for me."
"There is one, who may be able to help you find out about the passage of days, Master Abra. In my travels in this land, I met a shaman who seemed to be able to slow time. Maybe if you sought him out and talked with him." Besari stated, thoughtfully. "For the rest, let us go and talk in the library."
Abra looked around the massive room. Many books were on the shelves, but even more were stacked in piles at the end of the rows of shelves. Dark skinned young ones were taking the stacks and placing them on the shelves. It was a busy place. Besari told one girl to get tea as she directed Abra to a chair near the fireplace. "These children of this land are very intelligent and would have come to your monastery if they could have, but being so poor, it was out of the question." Besari stated.
"We do not charge them for learning. They just need to show the want." Abra was confused. 
"They need to get there, Master. That is not so easy when you live so far. That is why I decided to come here and build another monastery and there will be two more so that all can come and learn. If they can walk, they can get to a monastery."
"You are a very wise woman, Besari." Abra smiled at her. He was very proud of such an ambitious student. "You still watch the stars, child, or has your interest changed?"
"Mayta and I have mapped them all now. All we can see and I have noticed that here they are in different positions. I hope to find new ones from here too." She almost glowed as she spoke of all she wanted to do here. 
After her long talk Abra smiled and said, "I will take that as a yes then." Besari blushed when she she realized she had rambled on. "Now please tell me what happened after I left. Do not leave anything out. I wish to know all."
Besari told Abra of the completion of the tunnels and how many people had come to them. Even the dragons who came to control the throngs had been pushed to their limits and Rattor had to send them away or they would have become violent. When the rocks started to fall there was no safe place. One had hit the observation tower but missed the monastery. Many struck the land. They had seen big pieces change course to miss the land. Many more hit the seas and the waves they created made all shipping impossible. One wave had almost reached the mountain tops. 
They had not heard of any settlements being hit directly. Where people were hit in their homes, no body was ever found. Large holes covered the desert from the rocks. Dust filled the skies for three winters, but crops grew and there was food. One rock was recovered and Satler had brought it too the monastery. It was not large, but the hole it left could hold a mountain. Mayta contributed that, to the speed it hit the ground. Satler agreed with him. Once most of the rocks had hit, everyone started to rebuild and help whomever needed it. 
By the second winter everything was back to the way it was before. The tower was rebuilt, as was the dock the seas had destroyed. All that was left to remember the day of stones were the holes they left. It was assumed that Abra had been lost so Rattor took on his position in earnest. The monastery was renamed for Abra and a small statue was placed looking out over the sea, as a memorial. 
Mayta had given Besari her last test, which she passed easily. She became a teacher, but always had the thought of creating another monastery in another part of the world. When the chance came after she had taught for ten winters, she told Rattor what she wanted to do and was given permission to go. There was a big celebration and she was given many books to start her library. Took one ship to carry the books alone. Many books were copied from the originals since there was only one. 
The caves that were created for shelter, became the home and work area for a small army of writers, who copied the books. Rattor took on the mission, to have several copies made so that when the other monasteries were built, the books would be ready. He wanted to spread books to everyone so that people could learn when they had time and would not need to travel to the monastery. 
Abra liked that idea, and as they received food and more drink, Besari continued telling him of the search they had started just before she had left and how several ships were never heard from again. They were assumed lost somewhere. The search was abandoned after two winters, but the teachers had always known that one day Abra would return. Even the old man from the swamp had come with a creature he called a gator and asked about Abra. He had scared all with the creature, but left when he found out that Abra was gone. 
"Of course. He is a quiet, peaceful soul. I will have to send him word that I am well. Can you arrange that Besari? How do you get messages from the monastery?" 
"I will have it done Master. We have a friendly flock of sea birds, that travel back and forth and carry word for us. We do have to provide some fish for them, but we would anyway. They are such kind birds. They are called albatross. I am sure you know them."
"Yes. They prefer to stay over the water and follow the fishermen. Never known them to come far over the land. They are almost as big as eagles." Abra spoke with a bit of puzzlement.
They spoke more of what has happened with the monasteries and how only one settlement that they knew had been wiped out totally. The castle of the warrior Chingis had been hit directly and as far as all knew, the houses around it had been destroyed by the explosion. The place where it had been, was abandoned and where the people who survived went, no one knew. The news that came to the monastery showed that only small rocks hit land and most of them had landed where there were no settlements. How many animals were hit was unknown, but if any were, it did not seem many. Herds still roamed as they always had. 
As the day started to grow darker, Besari suggested they take a look around the new building, then have their evening meal. Abra agreed and was pleased with what he saw. All the rooms were bright and well equipped. The room that Besari called her office was not big but it had one wall that was covered with her impressive star map. They slowly walked back to the hut in the sweltering heat of this place. Many of the dark skinned workers greeted them as they sat and had their evening meals. 
Abra looked at a large beast as it was taken back to its pen. He inquired as to it's name, as he had heard of such creatures but had not seen one before. It had such large ears and was taller than two men. It had no hair, but had two very large yellowish teeth, that curved out from either side of the lower jaws. Along with it's long strong snout, it was well suited to pick up logs and the heavy stones. Besari said they were called elephants. They were very group oriented animals and were very willing to work, as long as they were treated well. They seemed slow, but Abra was assured they could out run any man, when they were mad. 
Abra quizzed Besari about the people and places on this land mass, after they had eaten. The two large settlements were east of the monastery. Ghan was the coffee growers place. It lay between the two big rivers on the flood plain. All the crops were sent to Port Janio, which was near the sea. There crops were placed on ships and sent all over the world. 
Besari told him that coffee was the major crop here, but there was another, which was more for people who went into the high mountains. Here at the monastery the air was still heavy enough but higher in the mountains you needed to chew a special plant that gave you more air. They were called cocoa leaves. The beans of the plant were used in a creamy treat that was sold to the sailors, who took it with them and had spread word of this treat. Now beans were shipped to other places so it could be made all over.
Elsewhere on this land, there were small groups of people who lived off the forest that covered all the low lands and seldom interacted with others. It was among these people that Abra would find the shaman who may solve his time problem. The shaman, lived alone on the banks of the lake of salt water. It was formed from a river that came from the northern sea.  
Abra decided to wait and see the new monastery opened and then he would travel to see the shaman. He had no way of knowing that his trip would never happen, but there was a child who cared for the big beasts, that watched him closely. He had the gift of seeing inside people and knowing if they were well or not. He would be a great healer on day. He had brought Abra a special tea and told him that he needed to drink a cup of it everyday. He never told Abra why, but was so insistent that Abra never dared to refuse.
The tea was not bitter, but it was sweet and seemed to wake his senses. Abra always took a long walk after he had some. It surprised him that he heard the insects, and every rustle of the leaves. His hearing seemed better now than it had ever been. Abra always had the tea after the evening meal and the first few evenings Besari had walked with him. When teachers started arriving she spent more time at the monastery, as it should be. 
The teachers, as Besari called her oracles, seemed to learned in all subjects. Abra was told, this was so in time they could go out and start smaller teaching centres and when they had found and taught others, they could return here to teach. It seems this monastery would be more for teaching the teachers. It was an idea he had thought about but never put into action. He asked Besari where she got the idea for her monastery.
Her reply was a shy, "I overheard you and Mayta talking about sending oracles out to spread knowledge to the entire world. It made sense to me. Why should the people of this world be left without knowledge. Once they knew they would be able to decide how they wished to live and not be under the thumb of kings and warlords who cared for nothing but themselves. With this place, I am in the position to do it."
Abra listened to her talk about how it would help all people and she talked of it with such passion, he knew she would succeed where he had been fearful. The shriek of a bird disrupted their talk. It was a message from the other monastery. When Besari returned her face was white. She only told him that all must meet and it had to be right away. She told him to go to the library and wait for all the others to arrive. She left to assemble everyone.
As the others came in they were talking to each other and seemed as befuddled as Abra. What was happening? Why a sudden meeting and why were the workers and servants here too? Many questions. No answers yet. Besari came in, followed by many natives and the last of the teachers. She went to the long table, and stepped up on it with the help of a chair. All turned and looked at her. 
"My friends, we have barely begun here and now I must send you home to your families. I have received troubling news from the other monastery. Master Mayta has seen another large rock coming right at us. His calculations point to this land. We have two full moons. Go and be with your families and if we are still here after, I will send word to bring you together again." Besari got off the table and said her farewells to all. Then she came and sat beside Abra, placing her hands on his.
"I know you saved us last time but this time you cannot. I need to go back to my friends at the monastery. I wish to be with them at the end. Mayta says this one will send much dirt into the air and it will become winter all over the world for many winters. How we will survive, I do not know, but we should be with them."
"You are right child, and I have sent a mind message to Enfa. He is on his way. Let us prepare to go." Abra and Besari pack their small bags. There was no time to prepare caves or to save any books here. Enfa arrived and flew west to get to the monastery quickly. No sooner had Besari slide off when the dragon was in the air again with Abra. 
"Now we save world again, old friend. At least we will try." said the dragon.
"We will try. We are alone this time so we can only pray the Goddess smiles on our efforts. I do hope Hagarita and Taynoric smile on our efforts also." said Abra. He knew that the chances were slim that they could deflect this rock, but he had to try. 
They landed on the peak and Abra turned and looked at the dragon, "Tell me Enfa, where is this place? It does not appear on any maps. None have ever seen it."
"We are at the centre of the world. This peak is slightly out of time so only those who come with me can find it. I will assist you Abra. The others watch and pray. We must bring the rock here. If it strikes this peak, the world will be saved. Shall we begin?"
Abra raised his arms in the circle and concentrated as he had with the others. He sensed Enfa's mind and others. He knew he was not alone. As he tried to bring the rock to the peak. It was moving but very slowly. He saw the glowing forms of the others and knew Enfa was channelling his mind to the stone. How long he tried, he did not know. Enfa kept saying "Harder. We must try harder." 
Suddenly the island shook and Abra was knocked off his feet. The last thing he recalled was being surrounded by water. Then he and his three friends were together in the most beautiful garden he had ever seen.
The earth shook as the rock crashed half on the land and half in the water. Steam and dirt filled the air. Plants died for lack of sun and there was fighting and panic all over. The world would survive and those few people who did, would start over. It would be a much different world from the one before.
