THE BLACK DRAGON

Book Two in the Ben Alderman Series

A Children's Fantasy
by
W. D. NEWMAN

SMASHWORDS EDITION

*****

PUBLISHED BY
W. D. Newman on Smashwords

Copyright © 2012 by William Dale Porter
All rights reserved.

Smashwords Edition License Notes

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

I want to thank Jody Lindke for the cover art for The Black Dragon.  Jody is a freelance illustrator based in Los Angeles, CA and is the first woman ever awarded the Charles Schulz Award by Scripps Howard.  

I want to thank Barbara Alsop for proofing my manuscript and making it presentable to the reader.  Barbara corrected all of my grammatical errors and misspelled words and that was no small feet feat!

I want to thank my beautiful wife and my two wonderful sons for their patience and support while I wrote this story.

I want to thank YOU, the reader, for downloading this story and going on this adventure with me.

INTRODUCTION

Thank you for purchasing The Black Dragon.  This story is book two in the Ben Alderman series.  If you have not read the first book, The Thirteenth Unicorn, I encourage you to download it and read it first (the e-book version is free).  If you enjoy the first two books, and want to continue the adventure, the last book in this series is The Final Prophecy and it’s available for $1.99.  That’s three full-length novels (e-books) for less than three bucks!  

All of these stories are fantasy and adventure tales for children.  However, they are fun and fast paced reads for adults too.  Whether you are nine years old or ninety, I hope that you enjoy them.  

Happy Reading!

CONTENTS

Prologue
1 Let Sleeping Dragons Lie 
2 Cave In
3 Ultimatum
4 Over the River and Through the Woods
5 No Way No How
6 Thin Ice
7 Kahzidar
8 Unexpected Meetings
9 Plan B
10 Stubborn Grandkids
11 Mudcrawlers, Holediggers, and Stonebreakers
12 Braving the Blizzard
13 Mueller Mudcrawler
14 A Narrow Escape
15 Head’em Off at the Pass
16 Harry and Bobo
17 Through the Tunnel
18 The Naming
19 Revolution
20 The Challenge
21 Gnome Bones
22 Intercepted
23 A Fallen Leaf
24 Faerie
25 The Oracle of Gazafar
26 Difficult Decisions
27 Final Preparations
28 Red Dawn
29 The Greatest Sacrifice
30 Planning a Party
31 Christmas at Castle Twilight
32 Jingle Bells, Jingle Bells
33 Deja Vu
Books in this Series
A Note to the Reader
About the Author


PROLOGUE

CRAG, 14 A.E (AFTER EVACUATION)

The evening sky burned a bright mix of oranges and pale blues as the sun set behind the Fiery Mountains of Crag.  Merlin paused as the last dwarf filed through the tree.  Since the beginning of time, dragons had ruled this world, forcing the dwarves to live deep underground in homes carved from the stone foundations of the mountains above them.  And then the wizards came and offered them a chance for a new start in a new world with no dragons.  The wizards called this new world Camelot and in this new world there were majestic mountains with deep veins of precious metals and vast caverns of sparkling jewels.  There were ice cold rushing rivers, rolling meadows, and sprawling forests.  But most importantly, there were no dragons.  Merlin scanned the horizon, hoping to catch a glimpse of one these creatures.  In a few moments his patience was rewarded as a large gold dragon sprang from a mountain top to begin its nightly hunt.  The dragon climbed higher and higher until at last the light from the setting sun caught the creatures golden scales and transformed it into a brilliant comet shooting across the evening sky.  Merlin shook his head in amazement and then followed the last dwarf through the tree.
The small black creature hiding in the shadows watched in fascination as the dwarves and wizard disappeared through the hole in the trunk of the funny looking tree.  It was not safe here.  It certainly would not be safe to follow the dwarves either, because they would hack at him with their cruel axes if they found him.  However, curiosity finally overcame the infant dragon and he slowly crept from the shadows toward the tree.  Why should he be afraid anyway?  Black dragons were the most feared creatures on Crag and he was Zoltan, son of Zog the Terrible.  He stretched out his long thin neck and sniffed at the tree.  Thin tendrils of smoke curled up from his nostrils.  He was not making fire yet, but it would not be long.  Cautiously, he stretched a taloned claw toward the opening and watched in fascination as his arm disappeared through the tree.  He pulled his arm out and examined it.  Everything was intact.  Nothing was harmed.  He inched closer and poked his head through the opening in the tree.  His barbed tail twitched back and forth like the tail of a cat that is watching a mouse.  Then, suddenly, he bolted through the tree and disappeared from Crag forever.
Back on Camelot, the entire dwarven nation was assembled on a meadow that stretched to both horizons.  Zoltan quickly darted away from the gathering and hid in the deeper grasses along the outskirts of the encampment.  Three wizards were approaching the tree that linked this strange and exciting new world to Crag.  The wizard in the lead was the one he had followed here through the tree.
“Merlin, are you certain we must do this?” Doran asked.
“Must we do this?  Must we do this?" the old wizard mocked.  Suddenly he spun around and pushed the floppy gray hat back on top of his head.  Immediately the hat began to slide back down over his eyes.  "Absolutely, without a doubt!" he answered, throwing his arms up in the air and shaking his fists.  "The tree is not large enough for an adult dragon to pass through, oh no.  It is not even large enough for an adolescent."  Merlin paused and looked around as if checking for spying eyes.  Zoltan shrank back behind deeper grasses, but stayed within earshot.  Merlin then motioned for Doran and Nespar to come closer.  When they were standing right in front of him, he began to whisper so low that they had to lean in to hear him.
"But a very young dragon could pass through easily, yes a very young one, and if one ever got through undetected and managed to grow to adulthood then…  BAM!”
Doran and Nespar jumped.
“I wish he would not do that,” Nespar scowled.
Doran only sighed as Merlin adjusted his hat and continued.
“We would have a very serious problem on our hands.  Very serious indeed, yes indeed.”
“But what are the odds of that ever happening?”
“Very serious,” Merlin muttered, scratching absently at his dirty gray beard.
“Merlin,” Nespar shouted.  “What are the odds of that ever happening?”
Merlin looked up at Nespar and the floppy gray hat slid down over his eyes again.  “It does not matter what the odds are.  It is a possibility, yes?  Yes, it is a possibility.  One that must be dealt with.”  He pointed his staff at the tree behind him.  “What if a mating pair of dragons came through undetected?”  He paused to let those words sink in and then continued, “What if a mating pair of blacks came through?”
The color drained from Nespar’s face and Doran sighed yet again, “I guess you are right.”
“I’m right, I’m right, of course I’m right” Merlin cackled.
“Carry on then,” Doran answered.
Merlin turned and faced the tree.  He planted his staff into the ground in front of him and began to chant.  At once the tree began to tremble, faintly at first and then more vigorously as the chant progressed.  Soon, the tree began to shake and Merlin started rapping his staff upon the ground in rhythm to his chant.  Buds appeared on the two short limbs and they began to flower and leaf.  The leaves turned crimson, then brown, and then fell to grown.  Merlin's chant became rapid and the seasons flew past in a blur of greens, reds, and browns.  The hole in the tree's trunk began to close and the tree began to shrink, slowly at first and then faster and faster.  Soon, the old tree was transformed into a slender young sapling.  Doran and Nespar watched in fascination as the young tree continued to disappear before them, much like a melting candle.  When a single green sprout was all that remained, Merlin struck the ground with his staff and the sprout vanished into the rich black soil of Camelot.  The Crag tree was gone.
Zoltan stared at the spot where the tree had once stood.  It suddenly dawned on him that he was stranded here in this strange new world and completely cut off from his kindred back on Crag.  He considered the implications of his situation; he was the only dragon on Camelot.  He turned that thought over and over in his head.  HE WAS THE ONLY DRAGON ON CAMELOT.  Why, in a few years he could rule this world!  No one would be able to stop him.  No one except for the old one named Merlin.  Zoltan was still an infant, but he could sense the power in that one.  He would have to deal with him later, but not now.  Now, he needed to escape unnoticed.  Now, he needed to learn more about this exciting new world, but he would be back.  Oh yes, he would definitely be back.  Once more his tail began to twitch and he could feel the fire growing in his belly.  A small puff of smoke escaped his nostrils as he turned and crept away.

CAMELOT, 20 A.E. (AFTER EVACUATION)

It had been almost a year since the treachery of Mordred.  Merlin wanted to leave Camelot and spend his remaining days on Earth, but something held him here.  Some unfinished task that he was unable to discern lingered along the misty edges of his thoughts.  It was always there and had been since the destruction of the Crag tree.  He rolled his staff between his palms and admired the green jewel affixed to the top.  The jewel came from Earth where it was known as an emerald.  In that world it held great value and one this size would provide him with enough wealth to live out the remainder of his days on Earth in comfort.  But here in Camelot there were no emeralds to be found and Merlin soon discovered that ones brought over from Earth had magical properties here in this world.  He called them spell catchers, for they would catch any spell cast at somebody who was wearing one.  They could also be used to maintain spells for an indefinite period of time and, in some cases, focus and increase the power of a spell that was being cast.  As he reflected on the magical properties of the spell catcher, the warm afternoon sunshine streaming through his open window and the soft birdsongs of spring outside in his garden, lulled him into a troubled sleep, where he dreamt of fires and brimstones.
Sometime later, a loud knock at his door startled him awake.  The house was dark now and in his chair by the window he could see the stars shining brightly in the clear night sky.  Once again, someone knocked loudly on his door.  Merlin muttered something under his breath and a small white orb appeared over his shoulder.  The orb followed him to the fireplace, where he retrieved a small stick from the ashes and gently blew on it until it flamed.  Again came the pounding at his door.  This was it, he thought.  Whatever task remained before him; tonight was the night.  He could feel it in his bones just as surely as he could feel the heat from the flaming stick he held between his fingers.  With shaking hands he lit the lantern on the mantle and tossed the stick back onto the hearth.  As he trimmed the lantern, he spoke a command and the orb over his shoulder vanished.  There was more frantic pounding on his door and then someone began calling to him.
"I'm coming, I'm coming, blast you, quit beating upon my door or I shall beat upon your head with my staff!" the wizard yelled.  He pulled the latch and flung the door open to find Garrick standing on his porch.  His pulse quickened.  Garrick was brother to Marcus; the elfin mage known as The Keeper.  Marcus governed the elves that lived in the Forbidden City, deep in the heart of the Twilight.  Only the gravest circumstances would bring the Keeper to send his own brother to Merlin's doorstep.
"Garrick?"  Merlin prompted, "What is the meaning of this?"
"Merlin, you must come at once.  The Twilight is under attack."
"Attack?  Who in Camelot could possibly assail your forest?"
"It is a dragon, Merlin; a black dragon."
Merlin felt his strength leave him and his heart thudded loudly in his chest.  He leaned heavily upon his staff to steady himself.  Garrick placed a hand on his shoulder and squeezed.
"I have a horse for you.  We must leave at once.  If we tarry, I fear the Twilight will be lost."
"Yes, of course," Merlin answered.  He snatched his hat and cloak from the peg by the door and followed the elf out into the night.  As Garrick helped him up onto the back of one of the big black horses the elves favored, Merlin realized that he didn't close the door behind him.  While the elf mounted his horse, the wizard looked one last time at the small stone cottage that he had called his home here on Camelot.  Somehow, he knew that he would not be returning.
The horses flew like dark arrows across the fields, shooting straight for the Twilight.  No one could ride an elfin horse unless the horse permitted it.  Also, no one could fall from an elfin horse when riding one and that was a good thing too, because poor Merlin was no horseman.  Before long, they crested a hill and there in the distance, beyond the next ridge, an eerie orange glow illuminated the night sky.  Garrick called to the horses and the great animals, though strained to their limits, reached deep and found the strength to accelerate to such a speed that even Garrick was surprised.  With this last burst of speed, the Twilight loomed before them in minutes and the mysterious trees raised their branches and pulled back their roots to grant them passage.  The horses thundered through the smoke filled forest.  The roar of a mighty fire filled the night and when they emerged from the trees onto the fields, in the midst of the Twilight, they found the Forbidden City in flames.
"Where is everyone?" Merlin shouted.
Garrick drew his horse up and hopped off.  He helped Merlin down from his mount and sent the horses back into the forest away from the fires.
"Everyone has evacuated the Twilight and returned to Faerie.  Marcus waits for us in the center tent.  That is where we are going now."
Merlin followed Garrick through the flames.  Every tent in the Forbidden City had been torched.  The larger tents were still burning, but the smaller ones had been reduced to smoldering piles of ash.  They passed down blackened avenues that were once lined with brightly colored tents and paved with soft grasses.  They passed by charred earth where, just yesterday, bluebells and windflowers were blooming in fields of brilliant blues and whites.  They made their way to the center of the city, where a small brown unadorned tent still stood among the ruins.
"How is it the center tent is not destroyed?" Merlin asked.
"When the dragon began the attack upon the city, Marcus placed an enchantment on the center tent to hide it and protect it from the flames.  It could not withstand a direct attack though.  Come, let us talk inside where we cannot be seen," said Garrick, holding the tent door open.
Merlin stepped into the tent and Garrick followed behind him.  The center tent always amazed him.  From the outside, it looked only large enough to accommodate six people comfortably.  But when you stepped through the door, it was like stepping into some vast underground cavern.  Behind them, the tent wall disappeared into the darkness on either side of the door and the ceiling was lost in the dim heights above them as well.  The Faerie tree was inside this center tent somewhere.  Merlin did not know exactly where because the tree was in a different location within the tent every time he visited Faerie.  Sometimes, he only had to walk for ten or fifteen minutes to reach the tree.  Other times, he walked for a couple of hours to reach it.  He had never walked to the other side of the tent, though, and he wasn't even sure if that was possible.  Right now they were going to the council area, just over the next hill.  At least that spot always stayed in the same place.  As they approached the council area, a tall hooded figure seated beside a small fire rose quickly and hurried to meet them.
"Marcus," Garrick greeted his brother with a quick embrace.  "I have brought him, as you have asked.  What news of the dragon?"
"The dragon has departed, but not before destroying a large portion of our forest," the Keeper answered.  "The burned trees have been removed and the forest is repositioning to close up the gaps.  It is fortunate for us that not many were within the Twilight at the time of attack.  All were able to evacuate safely, before Zoltan discovered the city."
"Zoltan?" asked Merlin.  "The dragon's name is Zoltan?  How did you come by his name?"
"I have spoken with him.  He is a son of Zog the Terrible.  He was an infant when he followed you through the Merlin tree from Crag, before you destroyed it.  Once on Camelot, he fled north to the Wild Lands to mature and grow into adulthood.  He is now powerful and wicked beyond belief."
"A son of Zog," Merlin muttered, while staring into the fire.  "It couldn't get much worse than that."
"Old friend," Marcus answered, with a sad smile, "I'm afraid it does.  Zoltan is searching for you."
Merlin looked up from the fire with a puzzled expression on his face.  His battered hat, cocked at a precarious angle on top of his head, almost made him look comical.  But those glittering black eyes told another story.
"And why does Zoltan seek me?" he asked.
"He did not say," Marcus answered, "but I suspect he means to put an end to you.  I could sense fear in his voice when he spoke of you, but there was excitement too.  I think he perceives you as the only thing in Camelot that could threaten his rule here.  I think he has grown in strength, courage, and pride to the point that he believes he can safely challenge you and win."
"And where is he now?"
"He has left here for the Black Hills.  He will wait there three days and if you do not appear before him, he will come back and destroy the Twilight.  He is heavily armored, Merlin.  Our arrows and spears found no purchase on his hide and his magic is too strong for us to penetrate with our own.  If you cannot defeat him, then we will be forced to abandon Camelot forever and return to Faerie."
"Then let me rest tonight," Merlin sighed.  "Let me spend what may be my last night in the quiet forests on Faerie and then tomorrow morning we will begin our journey to the Black Hills."
Marcus nodded and took his old friend by the arm.  The Faerie tree was within a stone's throw, just over the next hill.  Merlin thanked the Gods for small blessings as he followed Marcus and Garrick through the tree.
The next morning, when Merlin returned to Camelot, Garrick had two fresh horses waiting for them.  As he rubbed his backside, Merlin grimaced at the thought of the long ride ahead of him.  At least they would not be hurried.  They could travel at a nice leisurely pace and reach the Black Hills by late afternoon.  Once more, Garrick helped him mount his horse.  When Merlin was seated comfortably, the elf handed the wizard his staff and then leapt nimbly onto the back of his own horse.  Nearby them, the strange looking trees of the Twilight raised their branches and pulled back their large sandy roots to reveal a road leading out of the enchanted forest.  Garrick led his horse into the trees and Merlin nervously kept watch over his shoulder as the trees silently moved back into place, closing the path behind them.
The Black Hills were a small orphan range of the Iron Bone Mountains.  There were two ways to approach the Hills.  The most direct path was straight across the open fields.  The other, more indirect, path was to skirt the foothills of the Iron Bones and approach through the many hills and ravines that linked the two ranges.  Time did not permit the latter and although crossing the open fields in broad daylight was taxing on their nerves, they made it to the Hills without incidence.  Once inside the Hills, they found a dense copse of red alders and led the horses into the thicket to hide.
"You stay here with the horses," Merlin whispered.  "There is nothing you can do that would help me."
Garrick started to protest, but Merlin held up his hand for silence.
"If you accompany me, I will have to watch over you and will not be able to focus my full attention on Zoltan.  Stay here.  If I do not return, then flee to the Twilight and abandon this world until someone stronger than I can vanquish this dragon."
Garrick nodded and quickly embraced the old wizard.
"Gods save us all from dragons and sappy elves," Merlin muttered.
Garrick smiled as Merlin adjusted his battered hat.  With his staff in one hand, the wizard hitched up his robes with his other hand and strode forth in search of the dragon.  He decided to make for the highest peak and if Zoltan could not be found there, then perhaps he could summon him.  After not more than an hour of hiking, still far from his destination, a deep rumbling voice with a musical lilt startled him and sent him sprawling to the ground.
"So, this is the great Merlin?"
The wizard picked himself up and dusted his robes off, then pushed his hat back so that he could see.  Perched on a ledge just above him, basking in the warm sunshine, was Zoltan.  Merlin despaired.  Zoltan was the largest dragon he had ever seen.  He was even larger than his sire, Zog the Terrible.  Zoltan's downfall, however, was his ego.  Unchallenged, and in his prime, he felt that he was totally indestructible and that this clumsy old man could not possibly harm him now.  He was caught off guard when Merlin, with astonishing speed, pointed his staff and cast his spell.  The emerald on the end of the wizard's staff flashed a brilliant green, temporarily blinding Zoltan.  The dragon started to rise but felt his limbs grow heavy.  His black scales began to turn gray and with a crash he fell back to the ground and lay lifeless on the ridge.  Puzzled, Merlin tied his robes up into a knot at his waist and climbed to the top of the ridge to examine the dragon.  The spell he cast was a sleep spell.  He was hoping to put the dragon to sleep.  Once asleep the elves could pry off some of the scaly armor protecting the creature's heart and end his life quickly.  The dragon laying before him now was solid stone.
"It's a defense mechanism"
Merlin turned around to find Garrick standing at the bottom of the ridge.
"I thought I told you to stay behind.  Do you understand what has happened here?"
"You cast a sleep spell, did you not?"
"Yes, yes, what of it?"
"Dragons," Garrick answered, nodding toward Zoltan, "turn to stone when they are sleeping.  It is how they protect themselves from other dragons back on Crag.  How long will the spell last?"
"Indefinitely," Merlin answered, turning back to examine the dragon.  "I used the spell catcher to cast it.  Can this stone be broken?"
Garrick was suddenly by his side.  "The dragon cannot be harmed in this state.  He will have to be wakened before we can kill him."
"I will not wake him," said Merlin.  "I caught him off guard.  If he wakens, it will not happen again.  Well, that is that, my friend.  We are finished here.  There is nothing more that we can do.  The spell is bound within the spell catcher.  Come, help me down and let's find a place to hide my staff."
Garrick helped the wizard back down to the ground and after a brief search they found a small opening in the rocks at the base of the ridge.  The elf and wizard squeezed through this opening and discovered a large chamber within the rocks and directly below the sleeping dragon.
"This shall have to do," said Merlin.
"Would it not be safer to take the stone to the Twilight and guard it?  Perhaps even to Faerie?"
"No, no, heavens no!  Zoltan is very powerful.  I fear that if the spell catcher were moved too far away, he might be able to overcome the spell.  We must leave it here."
"But someone may find it one day and if the spell catcher touches the ground the spell will be released."
"That is a possibility," Merlin answered, "but I have no better solution to offer."  The wizard wedged the staff into a crack in the stone floor and spoke a command.  The crack in the floor closed tightly around the staff and anchored it firmly in place.
Satisfied with the arrangement, the two companions crawled back outside and then piled rocks in front of the opening to hide it from passersby.  Once sure that the staff was well hidden, they returned to the copse of alders to pass the night.  The burden was lifted, the task complete.  He was free to go now.  Merlin slept soundly that night, his last night in Camelot.
Centuries pass...

*****


CHAPTER 1
LET SLEEPING DRAGONS LIE

"Blast it, Gabriel, let's be on our way!" Hob yelled.
"One minute, friend," the elf called back, with a smile.  Gabriel was speaking to Marcus, the Keeper of the Twilight.  Hob could not hear what they were saying, but the Keeper was yammering on and on about something.  The dwarf impatiently fidgeted in his saddle.  He turned around to adjust his saddle bags and check his pack.  His pony could sense his eagerness to be off and chomped at the bit.
They had been planning this trip for several months now and Hob was anxious to get started.  Although it was not a long ride to the Black Hills, he wanted to get there before dark.  He did not know how long it would take Gabriel to complete his task and he wanted to have as much time as possible to scout around for signs of the legendary dragon's gold.  As he was adjusting the saddlebags, a loud clanging noise from the west gate caught the dwarf's attention.
Two large doors were suspended over the castle walls and were being lowered into place with chains and pulleys.  His closest friends, Gob and Nob, were on scaffolding beside the gate tower, directing the placement of the gate.  Nob guided the massive structure into place and Gob began hammering the heavy pins into the hinges.  The curtain wall of Castle Twilight was complete.  The river entered the castle through an archway that was defended with a heavy iron portcullis.  This portcullis could be raised and lowered with a crank mechanism housed inside the gate towers on each side of the arch.  Once within the curtain walls, the river crossed the courtyard and exited the castle through an identical arch on the opposite side.  These were the north and south gates that the elves used when traveling on the river in their magical swan boats.  The east and west gates opened into the strange forest that previously surrounded the tent city where the elves once lived.  Hob shook his head in amazement at the speed with which this castle was constructed.  The keep rose high above the curtain walls and the corner towers, still under construction, would ascend to dizzying heights when completed.  Double doors opened into a long hallway that led to a cavernous room where the center tent was standing.  Trees, carved from multi-colored stone and polished to a bright sheen, lined both sides of the hall.  Their limbs disappeared into the heights above, supporting the stone keep's arched ceiling.  Between each of these giant stone trees, against the wall and running the entire length of the hall, were massive fireplaces.  These fireplaces were so large, in fact, that it took several logs, over eight feet in length, to fill each one of them.  Their mantles were carved from a pale pink marble and each one depicted a different scene from the elves’ home world of Faerie.  When the fires were burning, the flickering lights reflected off thousands of white, blue, and red diamonds embedded into the ceiling above.  This produced a magical sensation of being outside, under a clear night sky.
At last, Marcus finished talking and went back inside the keep.  Gabriel slung his pack over his shoulder and approached the restless dwarf.
"Finally!" Hob snorted.  "Why was he so talkative this morning?"
"Instructions on where to find the dragon," Gabriel answered.
"I would think it would be easy to find a dragon, even one that is sleeping," the dwarf replied with a sharp yank on his beard.
"Yes, but this dragon has been asleep for centuries.  Dirt, lichens, moss, and debris are certain to have covered the creature by now."
"I don't know why I am going with you anyway.  I don't even plan to get close to the dragon when we do find it."
"Then why are you going," Gabriel asked with a twinkle in his eye.  "To look for the legendary dragon gold, I suspect?"
"Well, I...er...what I mean to say is...ah...I don't know if...er...I mean I don't mean to..."
Gabriel slapped the dwarf on the back and threw back his head and laughed.  "You may search to your heart’s content and keep all that you find.  I have no interest in gold or jewels.  The treasures in this world that I seek do not glitter nor shine."
"Hmmmph!"  Hob eyed the tall elf suspiciously.  "Let's be on our way then, shall we?"
The mid-morning sun hung low in the cold winter sky, but it had warmed up enough to burn away the frost that had whitened the grasses in the castle courtyard.  They would not reach the Black Hills until late that evening and Hob wanted a warm fire and a hot supper as soon as they got there.  Gabriel leapt nimbly onto the back of his horse, while Gob clicked his boots to his pony's flanks and turned him toward the west gates.
The ponies here in castle Twilight belonged to the dwarves.  With their short powerful legs and broad chests, they could pull and carry amazing loads.  And though the dwarves worked them in the mines of Dwarvenhall, they loved their ponies dearly and tended to them as if they were part of their family.  Hob's pony was a shaggy brown mountain breed named Gus.   Hob adopted him when construction began on the castle and the two were now inseparable.
As Gob pounded in the last pin, the west gates were pushed open to let the two adventurers pass through.  Gabriel led the way on his tall, sleek, black steed and Hob followed behind on short and shaggy Gus.  He turned in the saddle to wave at Gob and Nob, as the forest opened up to grant them passage.  When the trees began to close the road behind them, he quickly checked his saddle bags, one final time, to make certain he had packed the sacks he would need to transport the gold back home.  Satisfied that all was in order, he clucked to Gus to speed the little pony up so that he could ride alongside his companion.
Their trip that day was pleasant and uneventful.  Hob and Gabriel had become fast friends in the months since the destruction of the witch and often traveled together on various errands and adventures.  Once they reached the Black Hills, they found a suitable place to bed down for the evening; a flat place between a fallen tree and a large rock.  The tree would provide a windbreak against the cold night winds and the rock would reflect heat from their fire back onto them while they slept.  Hob watered the horses at a small stream and then turned them out into a field to forage for some winter grasses.  While the horses ate, he brushed them down and Gabriel began to set up camp and prepare their supper.
After eating a big pan of hot beef and beans, and washing it down with a pot of dark coffee, Hob spread his blankets between the rock and their camp fire.  He wrapped himself snuggly in warm furs and used his saddle to prop up his head for a pillow.  Gabriel sat down upon the ground with his back to the rock.  The cold never seemed to bother elves and they hardly ever slept.
"Do you think the dragon still lives, after all these years?" asked Hob.
"I do not know," Gabriel answered.  "It has been many long years since anyone from the Twilight visited the Black Hills, but to answer your question, yes, I think Zoltan still lives."
"Do you think there is any truth to the legendary treasure?"
"I am afraid I do not know that answer to that either, my friend, but after I find the dragon and examine him, I will help you search for it."
Hob was silent for several minutes.  Gabriel could tell that something was bothering his friend and he knew what it was.  He decided to have a little fun with him.
"Now, if I help you search for the treasure then I think it's only fair that we split it fifty-fifty.  Don't you agree?"
"Well, er... of course, but, ah.... I'm sure you have much to do on this important errand and I don't want to distract you from it at all, so... don't worry about helping me any, you just do what you came here to do and leave the treasure hunting to me."
"Are you sure?" Gabriel prodded, with a mischievous smile.
"Yes, yes, yes, quite sure.  No more talking now, we need to get some shut-eye.  Busy day tomorrow, busy day.  Goodnight."
The next morning, after a quick breakfast of cold biscuits, Hob and Gabriel bundled up and set out on foot.  The terrain was too rocky and steep for even the mountain bred ponies of Dwarvenhall.  Gabriel led the way and after a couple of hours they came to a sheer rock wall that rose about thirty feet above them.
"There it is, Hob!" Gabriel whispered.
"There is what?" Hob whispered back.
"The dragon," Gabriel answered.
"Where?  I see no dragon?"
"There, stretched out atop the wall above us," Gabriel pointed.
"I still do not see a dragon.  Why are we whispering?  Will we wake it?"
Gabriel laughed.  "I do not know why I am whispering.  No, the dragon will not wake."
"Well, go have your look-see.  And take your time."  Hob called over his shoulder as he ambled over to the rock wall and began poking around in some rubble at the base of the escarpment.  "I'll be down here waiting on you, but take your time, take your time."
Gabriel chuckled at the dwarf, who was now busy pulling down rocks and examining the area with an appraising eye.  The rock wall was about thirty feet high and although somewhat steep, the elf scaled its height in the blink of an eye.  Zoltan was stretched out upon the rocks, lying partially on his side, much like a dog naps in the sunshine on a cold winter afternoon.  Gabriel ran his hand over the massive head.  The dragon's features were indiscernible now, hidden by centuries of lichen, moss, and debris.  Enough dirt had actually accumulated in the dragon's ears for a small tree to take root and woody vines, now absent of their dark shiny leaves, had almost encrusted the entire torso of the creature.  Gabriel pulled the tree out the Zoltan’s ear and began prying the vines loose from the nooks and crannies of the dragon's stony scales.  Years upon years of windblown dirt and soil had actually covered the dragon's tail, burying it beneath the ground, all the way up to its hind legs.  It was very hard to tell there was a dragon here at all.
While Gabriel was cleaning the creature off for a better look, Hob had been quite busy as well.  A mound of dirt at the base of the rock wall caught the dwarf's attention.  The small hill was not part of the natural landscape.  This would have been unnoticeable to all except for the well trained eye of one who has spent years studying landscapes and formations, both above ground and below ground, in search of precious gems and metals.  Unnoticeable to all except for a dwarf, and in particular, a dwarf named Hob.
In a matter of minutes, Hob had managed to uproot all of the plants that were growing on the hillside and unearth several large rocks as well.  He removed his coat and retrieved a mattock from his pack and began attacking the hill at the crown where it met the steep rock wall.  After removing several more rocks and digging down about a foot, a small opening appeared in the wall.
"Ah-ha," Hob exclaimed to himself.  "What have we here?"  The hole, no more than a foot across, appeared to be the entrance to a cave.  Excitedly, he began digging again and before long, he had unearthed an opening large enough to crawl into.  He hastily retrieved his pack and shoved it into the hole, then crawled in after it.  It was a tight squeeze and for a moment he became stuck and began to fear that Gabriel would have to pull him out by his feet.  Rather than suffer this indignity, Hob pushed and squirmed, and eventually managed to free himself from the opening.  He tumbled into the cave and landed on his backside with a loud plop.
Inside the cave, the sunlight shone through the opening and allowed Hob to see well enough to light a small torch he had stowed in his pack.  The cavern was a small one, no more than ten feet in height, and the firelight from Hob's torch flickered faintly on the far walls.  As he held the torch in front of him he turned in a circle to examine the room.  A flicker of green, toward the center of the cave, caught his attention and there he found a tall stick, twisted and gnarled, protruding from the stone floor.  He held his torch up and discovered a beautiful green jewel affixed to the top of the stick.  The jewel sparkled in the firelight and cast green shadows that danced upon the ceiling with the yellow and orange lights from Hob's torch.
That was a spell catcher!  Ben Alderman owned one of those and had used it to defeat the witch this past summer.  Hob grabbed the stick and tried to pull it from the ground, but it was stuck fast.  He wedged his torch into a nearby crevice, so that he could tug on the stick with both hands and yet the cave floor would still not release its hold.  The stick was also too tall for Hob to reach the jewel.  Frustrated, he grabbed the stick with both hands and pulled backwards rather than upwards.  Hob planted his feet at the base of the stick and pulled with all his might.  Sweat popped out along his forehead and the veins bulged in his temples.  He wanted that jewel so badly.  His face was beginning to turn purple with the exertion and just when he was about to give up the stick snapped in half.
Hob landed hard on his backside, yet held tightly to the stick in his hands.  The spell catcher, however, came loose from the end of the stick and skipped across the stone floor behind him.  Frustrated, he tossed the stick aside and retrieved his torch to search for the jewel.  He found it quickly and as he stooped to pick it up, a faint tremor reverberated through the rocks and rained a small shower of dirt and loose pebbles down upon his back.  Hob paused.  And then a roar from outside shook the ground so violently that he fell to his knees and covered his head in fear.  He had never heard that roar before, but he knew what it was.  The fear and knowing was bred into his race through a millennium of survival on Crag.

*****

CHAPTER 2
CAVE IN

Gabriel grabbed another woody vine and wound it around his arm.  He placed his foot on the dragon's shoulder and pulled.  The vine held fast for a second and then, suddenly, relinquished its hold.  He peeled the rest of the vine off the dragons' hide and then twisted it up from ground to sever the roots.  He had already removed about half of the vines from the dragon's torso, but the other half was so dense that it covered the stone dragon completely.  The vines clung to Zoltan with thousands of tiny hairs that penetrated the little cracks between the sides of the stone scales and along the bottom of the scales, where they overlapped one another.  The elf was getting ready to remove his coat and then suddenly, to his astonishment, the dragon "twitched".  At first he thought his eyes were playing tricks on him, but then a ripple went through the dragon, beginning at the tip of its nose and flowing rapidly through its body, towards the tip of its tail that was still buried beneath the ground.  As the ripple flowed through Zoltan, his scales changed from a weathered grey to a glistening black.  When the transformation was complete, Zoltan raised his head and violently shook it, to clear the dirt from his ears.  He tried to rise, but the vines held him fast.
Gabriel knew the vines would not hold the creature down for much longer.  He ran and leapt over the thrashing dragon.  Flipping and twisting in mid-air, the elf landed lightly on the ground thirty feet below.  In a fraction of a second he spied the opening in the rock wall and knew that Hob had uncovered the hiding place of Merlin's staff.  In his quest for the legendary dragon's gold, the bumbling dwarf had wakened the most feared, and most dangerous, creature in all of Camelot.  Merlin's spell was broken.  Zoltan, son of Zog the Terrible, was once again free.
An ear-splitting roar from the top of the wall spurred Gabriel into action.  The elf sprang from his crouched position and sprinted up the small hill, toward the rock wall.  Several paces from the wall, he dove, head first, through the entrance that Hob had created.  Zoltan crashed to the ground, right behind him, just as he passed through the narrow opening.
Gabriel tucked and rolled across the stone floor of the cave, neatly somersaulting and rising to a standing position.  The cavern was small and he spotted Hob immediately.  The dwarf was lying face down on the cold rock floor with his hands over the back of his head.  Gabriel snatched up the top half of the broken staff and stuffed it into his belt.  He then scooped Hob up from the floor and tossed the terrified dwarf over his shoulder.  As he raced across the center of the cavern, he grabbed the remaining half of the staff that was still protruding from the cave floor.  The stick came out of the floor effortlessly and, as Gabriel flew down a narrow passage way, the cavern behind them began to cave in.  Over the din of the crashing boulders, he could still hear the dragon raging, pulling down the mountain side upon them.
Once he was certain they were out of the dragon's reach, Gabriel laid Hob down and pulled a flask from his belt.  He propped the dwarf up and managed to get some of the warm liquid into his mouth.  In a few seconds, Hob was flailing about and sputtering.
"Hob, settle down!  We are safe for the moment, but I need for you to gather your wits about you, okay?"
"Was that....was that.....was that...."
"Yes, my friend, that was."
"What have you done, Gabriel?  What have you done?"
"I have done nothing.  It is you that have wakened Zoltan."
"Nonsense," Hob retorted as he fingered the spell catcher in his coat pocket.
"Do you have it with you now?" Gabriel asked.
"Have what?"
"Come on, Hob, let's have it.  We may have escaped from Zoltan, but in case you haven't noticed we are buried beneath the mountain in total darkness.  Let me have the spell catcher."
Hob pulled the jewel from his pocket and felt for Gabriel's arm.  When he located the elf's hand, he placed the spell catcher in the outstretched palm.  He heard Gabriel fumble around in the darkness.  It sounded as if the elf had drawn something from his belt.  Hob listened intently as the elf continued to work in the darkness.
"What are you doing?"
"Give me just another second and you shall see."
"How can I see anything in this blasted darkness?"
Gabriel did not answer, but spoke a word of magic and the green jewel, now back on top of the broken stick, flared to life with a brilliant green radiance.  Hob stared at the jewel, thankful for its light, but with a growing sense of dread in his stomach.
"That spell catcher was keeping the dragon asleep?"
"Yes," Gabriel nodded, "this stick that you broke in half, happens to be Merlin's staff and the spell that you released was his last enchantment."
"Why didn't you tell me?" Hob cried.
"I did not know that you would find the cave!  Great heavens, Hob, that cave has been hidden for centuries and yet you managed to find it, and dig it up, within an hour!"
"This is a dreadful day," Hob moaned, "and an ill-fated adventure, an ill-fated adventure, indeed!  Why did you have to come see the dragon, anyway?"
"I did not just come here to see the dragon.  There was much more purpose in my visit than that.  Do you not know the story of Merlin and Zoltan?"
"It is a story I have heard many times in my lifetime.  Zoltan sneaked through the tree, as an infant dragon, before Merlin could destroy it.  He then slipped away to the Northlands, where he grew into adulthood.  When he returned, he sought out Merlin and they fought.  The story goes that Merlin turned Zoltan into stone and then disappeared from Camelot.  He has never been seen since.  Some even believe that Zoltan ate him before the spell could take hold."
"But that is not the true story."
"I know, I know.  I know the true story; I just did not connect the dots until it was too late.  If only you had told me about the spell catcher, I would never have disturbed the cave."
The two sat in stunned silence as the enormity of their situation dawned on them.  Finally, Hob spoke.  "If you did not come here to see the dragon, then why did you come?"
"Every year, for centuries now, we elves from the Twilight have kept watch over Merlin's cave to make certain it remained undiscovered and that his staff remained undisturbed.  When the witch began killing unicorns, and we realized her intent, all of our energies were focused on stopping her.  Now that the witch has been destroyed, and Mordred's plans to return to Camelot have been foiled, my trip here was to mark the beginning of a new vigilance over Zoltan and the dawn of a new age of peace and prosperity in Camelot.  Yet I have unleashed a creature upon this world that will make the horrors of the witch pale in comparison.  We have doomed this world and all those in it."
Hob patted Gabriel on the knee.  "Come now, all is not lost yet.  Merlin may be long gone from Camelot, but I know someone who can take care of this dragon!"
"And who might that be?  There are no longer any wizards in Camelot and our magic is no match for Zoltan."
Hob rose to his feet and dusted off his coat.  "Benjamin Alderman, from Atlanta Georgia, that's who!"
Gabriel thought back to the adventures he and Hob had shared with Ben.  Ben was only a child, but there was something very special about him.  Fate and luck seemed to favor him and the Keeper himself had said there was steel in Ben Alderman.  Raw and unforged, but steel nonetheless.  And there were the prophecies, too.  Ben defeated the witch and fulfilled the first prophecy.  Could this unfortunate event be tied to the second one?  Maybe Ben Alderman was the one.  Maybe Hob was on to something.
"Alright then, Hob.  Let's see if we can find our way out of here.  If we make it back to the Twilight we will, at the very least, ask Marcus about seeking counsel from Louise and Amos."  Gabriel held the staff up and peered down the tunnel.  "We are in your domain now so you will lead and I will follow."
Gabriel handed the broken staff with the spell catcher to Hob.  The dwarf picked up his pack, then took the staff and started down the passageway.  The brilliant green light from the emerald cast dark shadows that bobbed along on the ground behind them.  They had gone no more than a few steps when, suddenly, Hob spun around with a look of terror on his face and cried, "Oh noooooo!!!"
Startled, Gabriel drew his knife from his sheath and crouched low, every muscle tense, ready to spring at a moment’s notice.  "What is it," he cried.
"We have to go back!  We have to go back!"
Hob pushed past the elf and was hastily making his way back up the passage.  Gabriel ran after him and grabbed him by the hood of his cloak to stop him.
"Wait, we can't go back.  The cavern has collapsed.  The entrance is blocked.  Now tell me at once, what is the matter?"
"Gus," Hob wailed.  "Poor Gus will not have a chance against Zoltan!  We must do something!"
"I am so sorry, dear friend; there is nothing we can do now.  Do not despair yet though, I feel it in my bones that we shall see old Gus again."
Hob wiped his eyes with the back of his sleeve.  "You really think so?"
"Yes, I really do."  Gabriel smiled at the dwarf.
Hob straightened up and cleared his throat.  "You're right.  Gus is too smart to become dragon food.  I'll see him again.  And if Zoltan dares harm one hair on my pony, I will personally pluck off his forked tail and beat him to death with it!"
Gabriel sized his friend up.  The dwarf meant every word of it.  And Gabriel almost believed he would do it too.
They continued down the tunnel again and several times the passage forked.  Hob paused momentarily at each fork, before choosing a route, and then continued on his way.  Down and down they went, deeper and deeper.  Soon, the ground leveled out and the small passage opened up into a wide space.  They could not see the far walls, but they could hear a river flowing in the darkness before them, just out of reach of the light from the spell catcher.  Hob searched around and found two large rocks.  He placed them together so that he could wedge the staff between them.
"What are you doing now?" Gabriel asked.
"It is time for our noon day meal," Hob answered with a puzzled expression.  Meals were things that dwarves missed only in the direst situations.  Right now, at this particular point in time, they were not engaged in a life or death struggle and Hob intended to eat.  "We are lucky I was wearing my pack when you snatched me from the cave in."
The dwarf removed his coat and laid it upon the ground.  He rummaged around inside of his pack, pulled out a blue cloth bag, and emptied its contents onto his coat.  A thick wedge of cheese, a large chunk of dried meat, and four hard biscuits tumbled out of the bag.
"There is plenty for both of us, but I am afraid I have lost my flask."
"I have mine," Gabriel said, producing the small flask from his belt.  "It is not much, but it is water from Faerie and a small amount will quench our thirst."
Hob nodded in satisfaction and pulled a knife from his boot.  He cut the biscuits in half and then carefully laid them out on his coat in two neat rows; the biscuit tops in one row and the biscuit bottoms in the other row.  He then sliced the cheese and the meat into thick pieces that he placed on top of the biscuit bottoms.  When he was finished, he placed the biscuit tops on top of the meat and cheese and handed two of them to Gabriel.
"A little trick Ben showed me," Hob beamed.  "It is called a ham and cheese biscuit!"
Gabriel smiled at the dwarf.  A few minutes ago he was cowering in fear as a black dragon from Crag clawed at the hillside to reach him.  Now, he sat before him with his legs crossed, enjoying a simple meal and chatting away as if nothing out of the ordinary had ever happened.
After eating their meal and taking a sip from Gabriel's flask, they made their way down to the river.  The river itself was narrow and fast moving.  The cavern walls amplified the rushing waters and the echoes made the river sound much larger than it actually was.  On the other side of the river, a narrow path was worn into the rock floor and polished smooth by the passage of many feet, over the course of countless years.  There was, however, a thick coat of dust on the path, indicating that no one had traveled this way in a very long time.
Gabriel and Hob found a shallow place that was not too wide and carefully made their way across to the other side.  The water would be ice cold this time of year and if they fell into the river, without having any wood with which to build a fire, they would be in grave danger.  At least Hob would.  Elves rarely seemed to be disturbed by the elements, no matter how harsh.
"Where do we go from here?" Gabriel asked.
"We will follow the river upstream. With a little luck, these waters might actually lead us out of the mountains.  Once we are on the outside, we will be able to hide from Zoltan while we are still in the mountains.  But we will eventually have to leave the Iron Bones and cross the open fields to return to the Twilight."
"Well, as the old saying goes, we will cross that field when we get to it.  For now, dragon or no dragon, I shall be happy to once more see the blue sky above me and to feel the soft grass beneath my feet.”

*****

CHAPTER 3
ULTIMATUM

Gob and Nob stood on top of the south east gate tower conversing with Marcus, the Keeper.  The final west gate was hung yesterday and the first massive east gate was slowly making its way through the strange trees that surrounded Castle Twilight.  These gate doors were built and assembled in a small mining town called Mountain Rest.  The town was located at the foot of the Iron Bones, right below the West Gate of the great dwarven kingdom of Dwarvenhall.  Once the carpenters and blacksmiths completed a door, a group of wheelwrights attached giant spoked wheels to temporary axles mounted beneath the door.  When the door was ready for shipment, a team of twelve ponies were used to pull the door to the Twilight.
"The final gate will not be ready for at least another week," said Nob.  "If we get this one hung today that will give us plenty of time to throw up scaffolding for the stables.  Another shipment of stone is on the way too."
The stone was mined from the hills around Mountain Rest and the timber was harvested from the town's surrounding forests.  Since construction began on Castle Twilight, much had changed in the dismal little mining town.  Now, people had work to do and money to show for it.  Commerce between Mountain Rest and Dwarvenhall once again began to flourish.  The guard towers at the base of the Iron Bones, below Dwarvenhall's West Gate, had been reconstructed.  The new iron gates that hung between the two towers had been forged by the townspeople of Mountain Rest and presented to the dwarves of Dwarvenhall as a gift.  A broad highway, paved with flagstones, led into heart of the now booming little town and on any given night you could find dwarves and men, gathered in taverns, sitting together at tables, enjoying cold tankards of ale.
Gob started to weigh in with his opinion on the construction of the stables, but a strange shuffling sound interrupted him.  The sound was loud, like a thousand birds taking flight at once.  As they looked across the forest, they did see hundreds of birds rise up and take flight, but this noise came not from the birds, but from the trees themselves.
The trees in the Twilight forest, the dwarves had learned, were called Faerie Oaks.  They were brought here as young saplings, from the elves’ home world of Faerie.  They did not resemble any of the trees in Camelot and, unlike other hardwoods, the Faerie Oaks kept their foliage year round.  The unique thing about the Faerie Oaks however was that they were aware of their surroundings and were able to interact physically with their environment.  From the top of the tower, the Keeper and the two dwarves stared down at the tree tops in amazement.  Every leaf on every tree was quivering violently.
"What's going on?" Gob cried.
Marcus quickly scanned the skies.  When he spotted what he was searching for, and what he was hoping not to find, his face paled.  "Everyone inside," he yelled.
Immediately, screams and shouts rose up from the courtyard within the castle.  The dwarves that were assembling the giant cranes on top of the tower threw down their tools and fled.  As these dwarves tried to escape down the tower stairs, elves from the ground below were ascending with long bows, bright swords, and sharp spears.  Then amidst the confusion, a powerful roar split the air and Zoltan plummeted from the skies.  The dragon crashed into the castle wall and the rushing wind from his great wings slammed into Gob and Nob, knocking them backwards to the ground.  Marcus, however, stood fast and unfazed as the Twilight elves rushed to his side to protect him.
As the dust settled, Zoltan completely ignored the pandemonium that was taking place all around him.  The dragon's size was terrifying.  Huge muscles bulged along his spiny back and rippled beneath the glistening black scales as he folded his wings down to his sides.  After stretching much like a cat upon wakening after a long nap, Zoltan slowly and very casually rose up on his hind legs and grasped the rim of the tower.  With his long neck, he was able to look down at everyone on top of the tower.
"Where is Merlin?" he asked.  His voice was commanding and yet, at the same time, musical and hypnotic.
Marcus squared his shoulders and answered the dragon.  "Merlin is no longer with us.  He is many centuries gone from Camelot."
"He is dead?"
The Keeper nodded.
Zoltan seemed to ponder this information for several seconds and then asked, "How is it that you live?  My eyes do not deceive me, we have met.  Have we not?"
"We have met.  We here in the Twilight are called elves and our years are indeed long.  Merlin was of the human race.  Their light, though exceedingly bright, does not burn long in this world."
"Ah, I remember you now.  Because of Merlin, I have been asleep for many years, but it is coming back to me.  I burned your city, did I not?"
"You did."
"And you think these stone walls will keep you safe from my fires?"
"We know your strength and your might, Zoltan, son of Zog.  These castle walls would not stand before you."
Zoltan seemed pleased with the Keeper's answer and then he spied the two dwarves cowering in fear behind the elf.  "Ah-ha!  What have we here?  I have yet to taste a worm from Crag and here are two, right in front of me.  Although there does not appear to be much meat on their bones, but still, I am curious..."
Marcus stepped between Zoltan and the two terrified dwarves.
"These two are under my protection and you shall not harm them.  Tell us what you want and be gone from here."
For a brief second, Zoltan appeared amused by the elf.  Then he lowered his head and his eyes narrowed to thin yellow slits as he came face to face with the Keeper.  The elves pulled their bowstrings back and advanced with their swords and spears, but Marcus held his hand up to halt them.
"I," Zoltan whispered, "....want....it....ALL...."  The dragon whipped his long neck toward the forest and spewed forth a column of fire into the Faerie Oaks.  The blast of heat from the furnace of the dragon's belly scorched everyone on top of the tower.  Marcus watched in dismay as the trees caught in the path of the dragon's breath disintegrated like dry straw.  Rather than tapering off, the dragon's fire grew stronger and Zoltan pointed his head skyward, sending a torrential rain of flames down upon the castle.  Everyone scurried down the steps and inside the stone tower to escape the falling inferno.
When the river of fire finally ceased to flow from his mouth, Zoltan launched himself into the sky.  He hovered over the castle, his huge wings pumping air into the burning forest and spawning a giant tornado of dust and fire.  "You asked me what I want," he roared.  "I will tell you.  Bring me Merlin's staff.  It is buried beneath my resting place in the Black Hills with one from the Twilight who travels with a worm from Crag.  I will return here in one week and if you do not have the staff, I will destroy the rest of your forest.  There will not be one tree standing, not one stone left sitting upon another when I am finished."
Zoltan pumped his wings with long, powerful strokes that sent him soaring high above the Twilight.  He circled the burning trees twice and then flew away toward the east.  The dwarves and elves inside the tower listened as the beating of his wings faded into the distance.  Once certain that he was gone, everyone sprang into action.  The dwarves attended the flames that were burning on the castle structures, while the elves rushed to battle the fires in the forest, outside the castle walls.
The contents that a dragon spews from its belly will burn until it consumes itself or until it is smothered and deprived of air.  For this reason, the very stones of the castle walls and towers appeared to be in flames and the dwarves soon learned that water would not quench these flames, but only served to spread them.  They finally decided to ignore all of the fires that were burning upon anything stone and concentrate on saving the wooden structures.  Heavy wet blankets were brought up from the river to smother the flames.  The elves, however, could do nothing to save any trees that were still burning.  The Faerie Oaks that were unscathed had pulled back from the dragon fires.  However, the ones that were still burning, in an apparent act of sacrifice, pulled close together in a tight knot.  The flames greedily consumed them, sending smoke and ash billowing into the gray winter skies.
As soon as the fires were under control, everyone began to assemble in the castle courtyard and Marcus mounted the tower stairs to address the crowd.  Elves, dwarves and humans, with shocked and hollow expressions, turned to the Keeper for an answer.
"We are all shaken and dismayed by what has just taken place here.  Thankfully, there has been no loss of life among those present here today, but our beloved forest has suffered a terrible blow.  I do not know how this has come to pass, but as you have seen and heard, Zoltan has been wakened and will return in one week's time.  If we do not have the staff of Merlin here to present to him, he will destroy the Twilight.  I suspect his plans are to destroy the Twilight, regardless of whether we find the staff or not.  For that reason, all construction on Castle Twilight will cease as of this moment and preparations must begin for evacuation.  Our people will be returning to Faerie and the good dwarves shall return to Dwarvenhall.  I hope they will offer sanctuary to the people of Mountain Rest as well."
"Are we just giving up then?" Nob yelled from the crowd.
"No," Marcus answered.  "We are not giving up.  We are just being prudent.  We are preparing for the worst and hoping for the best.  Zoltan was relieved to learn of Merlin's passing, but I suspect he sensed the power in the spell catcher on Merlin's staff and fears that someone else might be able to use the wizard's stone against him as Merlin did.  We will not give him the staff, but we will retrieve it and, hopefully, we will find Gabriel and Hob alive when we do."
"What will we do once we have the staff?" someone called.
"I do not know," Marcus answered, shaking his head, "but we have only seven days to figure it out."
"I know who we need!" Nob cried while yanking on his beard.  "We need Ben!"
"Yes!" Gob agreed.  "Ben would know what to do.  I wonder if his inhaler would stop the dragon."
“I don't know, but he has a spell catcher too."
"You're right, Nob!  A spell catcher AND an inhaler!  Yes, we must get Ben at once, but how?"
"We must get Amos.  He can contact Louise and then Louise can contact Ben.  He has the golden leaf that Marcus gave him.  He and Casey could be here in an instant."
"Right again, Nob.  Why didn't I think of this?  Grab the ponies; we must be off at once!"
"Hold up, dear friends," Marcus called to the two dwarves who were already pushing their way through the crowd.  Ben was just a child, but he was instrumental in the destruction of the witch this past summer.  Marcus had foreseen the many paths that would lead to the witch's demise and Ben was present in every path that unfolded before him.  However, the paths of future events, where Zoltan was concerned, were hidden from him.  Could Ben possibly save Camelot yet again?  He did fulfill the first prophecy and after the downfall of the witch, and the permanent exile of Mordred, Marcus was almost certain that he was the one.  Yet there were still more parts of the prophecy to be fulfilled.  Not knowing the answer, Marcus was loath to bring him into this dangerous situation.  However, he would dearly love to have the shape shifter called Amos and his friend Louise here.  He valued their counsel greatly.
"You cannot go running off like this, with no plans and no preparation.  I will send Jonah with you, and you shall ride on the backs of our swiftest elfin horses.  We have much need for speed."
As the crowd began to disperse, to plan and prepare for evacuation, Jonah appeared at the two dwarves’ sides.  "Come with me to the stables.  We shall be leaving at once."
Gob and Nob followed the elf to the two story log structure that served as a temporary stable.  The lower level had a wide hall that ran from the front entrance of the building to the rear entrance.  On both sides of this hallway, from one end of the building to the other, were stalls and tack rooms.  The upper level, however, was one large open space filled with sweet smelling timothy hay and orchard grass.
Three of the spirited black horses were already saddled and waiting for them when they arrived.  The horses pranced about and fidgeted, eager to be off and to stretch their legs.  Gob and Nob much preferred ponies over horses, but this time they did not object to being placed on the back of a horse.  This time, after witnessing the power and might of a black dragon from Crag firsthand, they wanted the fastest horses they could find.

*****

CHAPTER 4
OVER THE RIVER AND THROUGH THE WOODS

Within a couple of hours after the attack, Jonah and the two dwarves were out of the Twilight and racing across the open fields.  Normally dwarves would be unable to stay astride full sized horses such as these, especially ones running at breakneck speeds.  These, however, were Twilight horses; tall, sleek, and coal black.  No other horses in all of Camelot were as fast, sure footed, and safe to ride.  The only way a person could fall from an elfin horse was if the horse fell and the only thing that could cause an elfin horse to fall was death.  Gob and Nob knew this, but it did nothing to relieve their terror.  They both clutched fistfuls of mane with their hands and kept their eyes clamped tightly shut as the rushing wind tore at their coats and made their beards beat across their backs.
Jonah maintained this fanatical pace until they reached the pine clad hills where Amos lived.  Once inside the cover of the trees, they found a stream to water the horses and stopped long enough to stretch their legs.  Gob and Nob rubbed their backsides while Jonah tightened the saddles.  Once the saddles were cinched down, Jonah helped the two dwarves back onto their mounts and then climbed onto his.  Rather than skirting the hills and coming in from the backside, where the great meadow began, they decided to cut straight across.  This route was shorter but much harder on the horses who were already tired from a long run.  However, the grand horses never balked and attacked the steep hills as if they were fresh from the stables.  Within a couple of hours, they topped a ridge and came across a trail that wound its way among moss covered boulders and towering Ponderosa pines.  This path was wide and smooth and the horses were able to gallop along at an easy pace.  Before long, they rounded a corner and there, nestled in the trees beside the path, was the little log cabin that Amos called home.
The last time Gob and Nob were here was back in the summer, when the forest was alive with the sounds of nature.  Birds were singing, bees were buzzing, and squirrels were chattering noisily.  Now, in the throes of winter, the forest was eerily quiet.  A chill wind blew through the tree tops and smoke from the cabin's chimney was falling to the ground; a sure sign that a change in the weather was coming.  Jonah knocked on the door, but Gob and Nob, naturally impatient as all dwarves tend to be, began to call out for their shape shifting friend.
"Amos?  AAMOOSSSSSS!!!!!"   Gob yelled.
Nob cupped his hands to his mouth and joined in, "HEELLOOOOO!!!!!"
"You two pipe down," Jonah whispered.  "We do not know where Zoltan is hiding.  He could be anywhere."
The two dwarves grabbed each other.  Gob clamped his hand over Nob's mouth and Nob clamped his hand over Gob's mouth.  Wide-eyed, they anxiously searched the forest, half expecting to see the terrifying black dragon lurking in the shadows, waiting to pounce on them and gobble them up.  The cabin door finally opened.
Amos had to stoop and duck his head as he stepped across the threshold.  Gob and Nob craned their necks to look up at the big man as he approached them.  As always, he was dressed in his furs and his curly black beard rivaled the beard of any dwarf.  A huge grin split his face when he recognized his visitors, but a quick glance at their weary horses told him they had ridden hard and fast to get here.  Something was up.
"Gob!  Nob!  And Jonah!"  After a quick embrace and a warm greeting, Amos instructed them to go inside and get warm.  "I will take care of your horses and then I shall be right back."
Inside the cabin, a merry fire crackled and popped upon the hearth and after a hard ride in the cold weather, the warm fireplace was a welcome sight.  The three weary travelers removed their coats and stood in front of the fire to wait for Amos to return.  Within the fireplace, a large pot was suspended from an iron rod and hanging over the fire.  A thick brown stew simmered and bubbled as the flames licked the bottom of the pot, sending the sweet aroma of tender beef, carrots, and potatoes into the room.  Gob and Nob licked their lips.  They had worked up quite an appetite after such a hard ride.  Their stomachs growled long and loudly as they wistfully stared at the pot.
"It's almost supper time, you know," said Gob.
"Yeah," Nob answered, not taking his eyes from the pot, "I know."
Soon Amos returned from tending to the horses and deposited their saddles, blankets and bridles beside the doorway.  Knowing the dwarves’ insatiable appetites, he sat his guests at the table and set three bowls down before them.  He then retrieved a long hook from the mantle and used this hook to snatch the pot from the fire.  Gob and Nob scooted to the edge of the bench as Amos ladled the hot fragrant stew into their bowls.  After he returned the pot to the fire to simmer, he waited patiently for everyone to finish.  When Gob started licking his bowl, and Nob started eyeing the pot on the fire, hoping their host might offer them seconds, Amos finally spoke.
"What is going on, my friends?  Those horses look as if they have run here, all the way from the Twilight."
"They have," Jonah answered.  The elf and the two dwarves spent the next hour telling Amos of the events that led up to their harried visit.  The big man listened patiently, not speaking or interrupting, until they revealed the reason for their visit.
"What does Marcus say of this?" he asked Jonah.
"The Keeper cannot see the future where Zoltan is concerned.  He does not wish to endanger Ben by bringing him here, but he would greatly value any counsel you and Louise might have to offer."
"But we have to have Ben," Nob wailed.
"Yes, yes, Nob is right!" Gob added, while yanking on his beard.  "Ben is the only one who can help us!  Begging your pardon, Amos, but you must bring him here.  You have to!"
Jonah remained silent while Amos thought it over and the dwarves nervously fidgeted about on the bench.  The giant man finally reached a decision.
"I will go through the Merlin Tree and try to contact Louise.  I do not like it and I do not want her, or Ben, going to the Twilight, but Marcus is right; we do need her counsel."
"Shall we leave now?" Jonah asked.
"No, we'll leave in the morning.  You're tired and your horses are spent."
Amos spread furs on the floor before the fire for the two dwarves.  Since elves rarely sleep, he gave Jonah a comfortable chair near the fire and a soft blanket.  Soon the cabin was filled with the sound of the two dwarves’ and Amos' loud snoring.  Jonah pulled the blanket over his head and waited patiently for morning.
Amos was up well before sunrise and roused the sleeping dwarves.  The stew was still simmering over the fire, so everyone ate a quick bowl for breakfast and then made their way to the bamboo patch that grew in the nearby meadow.  Jonah carried the tack for his horse, while Amos carried the tack for Gob and Nob's horses. When they arrived at the bamboo, which stood tall and dark against the faint gray backdrop of the early morning sky, they deposited their saddles, bridles, and blankets on the ground.  The horses were somewhere nearby, but there was no need to call for them just yet.  Amos entered the bamboo first, followed by Jonah, Gob, and Nob.  It was difficult for the big man to pass through the dense canes, but eventually they all made it to the center of the patch where the Merlin Tree was located.  The tree was short, with two stubby limbs near the top.  The trunk, however, was enormous and split down the middle, forming an opening, large enough to walk through.
"This is how you get to Ben's world?" Gob asked.
"Yes," Amos nodded.
"Have you ever been there before?"
"No.  I have not."
Jonah could sense the unease in the giant man.  He reached up and placed his hand upon his shoulder and squeezed.  "There is nothing to fear.  We have a tree like this within the center tent at the Twilight.  It is a doorway to our home world.  Just walk through the opening and you will be in Ben's world.  When you find Louise, come back through the opening to return to Camelot.  Okay?"
"Why can we not go with you?" Nob asked.
"Because Louise's husband, George, does not know of the Merlin Tree and Camelot," Amos answered, "and he cannot find out or he would try to destroy the tree.  So I must go in secret and to do so, I must go alone.  You see, as fond as I am of you two dwarves, and as much as I enjoy your company, you are just too loud to come along."
Gob and Nob planted their hands on their hips and started to protest, but Jonah stopped them.  "I will need your help with the horses.  We must call for them and ready them for the journey back."
Gob and Nob really wanted to see Ben's world, but they finally relented and watched in fascination as Amos prepared to enter the tree.  The big man was so large that he had to get down on his hands and knees to pass through the hole in the trunk.  Gob and Nob stared with slack-jawed expressions and mouths agape as he began to crawl through the opening.  When Amos' head entered the tree it vanished.  Gob ran around to the other side of the tree.  He could plainly see Nob and Gabriel through the opening.  He could also see Amos crawling toward him, but instead of coming out of the tree, the big man's body slowly disappeared as he crawled forward.  First his head, then his arms and shoulders vanished, followed by his chest and waist.  Finally, all that remained of him were two furry boots, and those slid forward along the ground and disappeared as well.  Gob and Nob, speechless, stared at each other through the opening.
"Shall we get the horses now?" Jonah prompted.
"By all means," said Gob.
"Yes," Nob added, "Let's get the horses at once."
"Of course, if you promise to be really quiet, you could go through the tree after Amos."
"No, no, no," Gob answered.  "It would not be right for us to leave you alone to catch and saddle the horses by yourself.  We will stay and help you."
"Yes," Nob agreed, looking over his shoulder at the Merlin Tree, as he began to plunge into the bamboo.  "Gob is quite right.  We must help you with the horses.  Maybe next time we can visit Ben's world."
Jonah smiled at the two dwarves who were noisily plowing through the bamboo to get back to the meadow and away from the bizarre magical tree.
When Amos crawled through the Merlin Tree, he found that he was still in the bamboo patch.  He turned back to where Jonah and the two dwarves should have been standing, but they were not there.  He then noticed that it was much warmer and realized that the Merlin Tree in Ben's world must also be hidden within a patch of bamboo.  As quietly as possible, Amos made his way through the tall canes.  When he reached the edge, he peered out.  Across a small yard of winter-browned grass stood a white two story house with a wraparound porch on each end.  Amos stood patiently and waited.  After an hour or so, the door on the side of the house opened and a tall man, dressed in a strange outfit, came out onto the porch.  The man was wearing some loose-fitting blue pants that came up very high in both the front and the back.  The back had straps that came over the man's shoulder and attached to the front part of the pants.  The man was wearing a brightly colored plaid shirt and a yellow and green hat.  This had to be George, Louise’s husband.  George made his way to a peculiar looking, shiny, green wagon.  He opened a door on the front part of the wagon and climbed inside an enclosed area.  When he closed the door, the wagon seemed to come to life, making a horrible screeching noise somewhere between the front wheels and belching out blue smoke from the rear.  In a few seconds the screeching subsided into a quiet but steady rumble and the wagon started moving with George inside!  Amos watched in shock as George and the fantastic looking wagon proceeded down the road that curved around the other side of the house.  He did not know if he should try to rescue George, stay hidden, or run like crazy back to Camelot.  He decided to stay put though and in a few minutes George and the noisy wagon that moved without horses were gone.  Once again, all was quiet on the farm and now was his chance to find Louise.  Taking a deep breath, Amos emerged from the bamboo and walked around to the side of the house where George had come out.  He had to stoop to walk up onto the porch and he had to lean over to rap on the door.  He heard someone moving about inside and then the door swung open.
"Did you forget your keys, George?"  Louise asked as she opened the door.  The fur clad giant standing on her porch startled her at first and then recognition dawned in her eyes.  "Amos?"
"Hey, Louise.  I'm sorry if I startled you, but we need your counsel in Camelot."
"What on earth for, Amos?  What's going on?"
Amos turned, peeped around the corner of the house, and then turned back to Louise.  "How long is George going to be gone?"
"Not too long.  He just had to run into town to pick up a few things for me.  Now, tell me Amos, why are you here?"
"Will you come through the Merlin Tree?  Jonah, Gob, and Nob are on the other side waiting for us.  As I said, we desperately need your counsel."
Louise was worried now.  She could not imagine anything that would make Amos come through the Merlin Tree to seek her out.  And that Jonah, Gob, and Nob were here did not bode well either.  But Amos was right, it would be best for her to pass through to Camelot to hear their story.  Time did not pass in this world while she was in Camelot and the longer they remained here, the greater the risk of getting caught by George.
"Let me grab my coat," she told the big man.

*****
CHAPTER 5
NO WAY, NO HOW

The really cool thing about the Merlin Tree was that when you returned to your world from Camelot, no time will have expired in your world, regardless of how long you were gone.  So, if Louise walked through the Merlin Tree on a Monday at ten o'clock in the morning, and stayed in Camelot for three weeks, when she came back through the Merlin Tree it would still be Monday and it would still be ten o'clock in the morning.  Because of this, she was always able to visit Camelot whenever George was not home, and she never had to worry about him returning before she got back home.  She followed Amos into the canes and waited patiently as the big man knelt down to crawl through the tree.
When she followed him through the tree, she noticed a sharp drop in the temperature; Camelot's winters were much colder than the warm Carolina winters she was accustomed to.  She expected to find Jonah, Gob, and Nob waiting for them, but the center of the patch was deserted.
"Where are the others?"
"They are probably saddling the horses."
"Oh no," said Louise, planting her hands on her hips and staring up at the big man with a defiant expression.  "You are not getting me on another horse.  After the last time, I swore I'd never straddle another one."
Amos smiled at the small white haired lady that was staring him down.  "There is no need for you to ride a horse just yet.  We will walk to my cabin and there, by the warmth of my fire, we'll talk."
"Then lead the way," said Louise, gesturing toward the canes.
Once again, she followed the giant man through the thick bamboo canes.  When they finally squeezed past the last few stalks, they stepped out into an expansive meadow.  To her left, the meadow stretched as far as the eye could see, while to her right, in the far distance, rocky foothills lay at the base of snow-capped mountains that rose high above the plains.  Louise looked down at the path that lay before her.  It wound through the meadow, leading away from the bamboo and up a nearby hill.  At the top of this hill the path disappeared into lofty pines that marked the end of the prairie and the beginning of the forest where Amos lived.  She had made that path herself through countless visits here, in her battle with the witch, to save her daughter-in-law, Carol.  Carol's son, Ben, however, had been the one who finally defeated the witch.  Thinking back to those horrid times made her flesh prickle with goose bumps and sent shivers down her spine.  She and Amos were indeed old friends.  They had been through a lot together.
"Louise," someone yelled, "Louise!  Louise!"
Louise turned to see Gob and Nob coming around the side of the bamboo patch, each of them leading one of the dark ebony horses from the Twilight.  Jonah was behind the two dwarves and he was leading a horse as well.  Louise, upon seeing only three horses, let out a sigh of relief and greeted her friends.  Jonah gave her a quick smile and a dignified nod of his head while Gob and Nob made a big show of it, as dwarves are known to do, with many bows and handshakes.
"Where is Ben?" Gob asked, after pleasantries were exchanged.
"Yes," Nob added, "we are delighted to see you, Louise, but where are Ben and Casey?"
"Ben and Casey are at home, in Atlanta, with their family," Louise answered.
"Can you not contact him?"
"Why do you want me to contact Ben?"  Louise asked, and then turned to Amos.  "What's this all about?"
"Let's wait until we get inside," Amos answered.  "It's cold our here and there is much to talk over."
Amos led the way back up the winding path.  Louise followed along behind him.  She pulled her coat tightly about her and then plunged her hands deep into her coat pockets.  It was really cold here!  Her knees were beginning to ache a little too.  Usually, that was a sure sign that snow or rain was on the way.  Once they were back inside the cabin, Amos removed the pot of stew from the hearth and threw another log into the fireplace.  The cabin was really warm and toasty.  Everyone removed their coats and piled them on top of Amos' bed, then gathered around the table.
"Ok, Amos, why have you brought me here?  What is going on?"
"I will let Jonah tell the story, as I have just heard it myself and would like to hear it a second time."
"Louise," Jonah began, "are you familiar with the story of Merlin and a black dragon, from Crag, called Zoltan?"
Louise shook her head.  "I have heard some of Merlin, but never any stories of a dragon named Zoltan."
"Then I shall start at the beginning.  When the wizards discovered Crag, they offered the dwarves refuge from the dragons that ruled there.  It was a colossal undertaking to evacuate an entire race from their home world, but the wizards were successful in their rescue.  Merlin then destroyed the pathway to Crag, but not before an infant black dragon crept through undetected.  This was no ordinary dragon either.  Black dragons are the biggest, the most powerful, and the nastiest tempered dragons on Crag.  All other dragons steer clear of them.  To make matters worse, this particular black dragon was Zoltan, son of Zog the Terrible."
An ember popped loudly in the fireplace and Gob jumped, while Nob yanked sharply on his beard.
"Please, do not say that name aloud," Nob whispered.  "There are no dwarves living today that have ever seen Zoltan's sire, but his name and the fear it instills has been kept alive through generation after generation."
"Forgive me," Jonah replied, with a bow of his head toward the dwarves.  "Zoltan," he continued, "quietly slipped way.  Most believe that he fled to the wild northlands where he grew and matured.  One thing that is certain; he grew into the biggest and most powerful dragon anyone had ever seen before.  Many say that he was even bigger than his sire.  Zoltan, however, was not content to live peacefully in the northlands.  He eventually returned to the Twilight, seeking Merlin."
"What did he want with Merlin?" Louise asked.
"He was afraid of Merlin," Jonah answered.  "Even as an infant dragon he could sense the power that emanated from Merlin and he feared him.  He hated that fear too, and he hated Merlin for being the source of that fear.  So when he had grown into his prime and was at the height of his power and strength, he sought Merlin out to destroy him.  He came first to the Twilight and burned down the entire city and much of the forest.  And then, before he left, he spoke to the Keeper and commanded him to have Merlin search him out in the Black Hills.  If Merlin failed to show, Zoltan promised to return and finish destroying the Twilight and all those in it."
Jonah paused while Amos grabbed a poker to stir the embers on the hearth.  When the fire began to crackle and pop again, Amos hung the poker back on the mantle and the elf continued his story.
"To shorten this narrative a bit, Merlin went to the black hills to battle the dragon.  He actually stumbled upon Zoltan quite by accident and Zoltan's pride was his undoing.  He wanted Merlin to look upon him and despair.  He wanted the wizard to fear him as he had feared the wizard his entire life.  He wanted to taunt Merlin before he destroyed him, so instead of immediately attacking the wizard, he called to him.  Merlin, however, had no intentions of speaking with the dragon.  Old and stooped with age but still fast as a snake when needs be, he snapped his staff up and cast a sleep spell upon Zoltan.  His intention was to put the dragon to sleep and then let the elves pry up a scale from his armor, so that they might pierce his heart with a long spear."
"Did the spell work?" Louise asked, totally engrossed in the tale.
"Absolutely," Jonah answered.  "Merlin used the spell catcher on the end of his staff to maintain the spell, but once Zoltan was asleep we could not kill him."
"And why not?"
"Because dragons, you see, turn to stone when they are sleeping.  It is a defense mechanism that protects them from other dragons.  When they are in their sleep-stone state, they are completely indestructible."
"Wow," Louise marveled, as she turned this information over in her mind.  "Hey, I didn't know Merlin had a spell catcher.  He would have had to come to our world to get one!"
"Yes, after the Crag tree was destroyed, Merlin visited your world quite often. Ever since the treachery of Mordred, Merlin had not been happy here.  I think, during his many visits to your world, he was preparing a new home; a place to live out the remainder of his days in peace."
"Getting back to your story, what did he do when he found the dragon could not be destroyed?"
"He hid his staff beneath the hill and left Camelot.  He has never been seen since."
"And this dragon still sleeps?"
"No, Louise, not any longer.  Zoltan has been wakened."
"How?  Why?  Who in heaven's name would wake him?"
"We do not know how he was wakened, but we suspect Gabriel and Hob must have somehow done it.  For centuries the elves of the Twilight have maintained a vigil over Zoltan and over the hidden cave where Merlin's staff is located.  When the witch appeared in Camelot and began killing unicorns so that she could free Mordred from his exile in Pluton, we began to focus all of our resources on stopping her, and Zoltan was all but forgotten."
"Until the witch was finally destroyed this past summer," Louise added, as the whole story began to unfold.  "Gabriel was sent to the Black Hills to assess the state of the dragon and Hob went with him."
Jonah nodded.  "Gabriel and Hob left for the Black Hills in the morning on the day before yesterday and Zoltan appeared at the Twilight yesterday evening.  He spoke with the Keeper and knows that Merlin is long dead.  He now wants Merlin's staff and has given us only seven days to retrieve it for him."
"What can I do?  I know nothing of dragons, Jonah!  How can I possibly help?"
"Louise, there are two reasons we are here.  The first reason is because Nob and Gob believe that Ben is the only person who can help us."
"And Marcus agreed with them?" Louise asked incredulously.
"No, Marcus is unable to see any future where the dragon is concerned.  He does not discount Ben nor does he request him to come to our aid, but he has asked for you and Amos to return to the Twilight with us.  That is the second reason we are here.  Marcus values your counsel greatly."
Louise stood and slipped into her coat.  "I will come."
"What of Ben?" Gob asked.  "Can you go back and get Ben?"
"No," Louise answered.  "Ben lives far from the Merlin Tree in our world.  It would take me half a day to get him and return back here."
"Then we will wait," said Nob. "We must have Ben if we are to defeat Zoltan."
"I'm afraid it is more complicated than that," said Louise.  "It would take me half a day to get him and return back here, and then, when we return to our world, it would take me another half day to take him home and then return to my home.  It would be totally impossible for me to accomplish that undetected.  Besides, I am not bringing him into this.  He is just a child and there is nothing he can do against a dragon."
"But Louise," Gob and Nob cried together.
Louise held up her hand to silence the dwarves.  "It is not open for discussion.  Ben shall not be brought into this.  I have said I will go with you to the Twilight and I'm sure Amos will go too."
"Yes," said Amos, rising from the table.  "I will go to the Twilight as well.  I have been itching to get out of this cabin for a while anyway."
"How will we get there?" Louise asked.  "Even if I were willing to ride a horse, there are only three."
"You will not have to ride a horse to get there," Amos answered, with a mischievous grin.  The big walked across the room and opened a trunk sitting beneath the window, near the hearth.  He rummaged around in the trunk for a few seconds, and then pulled out a large rope harness.  "Remember this?"
"I remember," said Louise.  "Just keep your eyes open for ogres this time."
Outside everyone stood back and watched in amazement as Amos transformed.  The air around him began to shimmer and his fur garments seemed to expand, engulfing his body as the transformation took place.  In a few seconds, a gigantic bear, as large as the horses from the Twilight, was standing before them.  Jonah and Louise strapped the rope harness onto the bear and then Jonah helped Louise crawl up onto the bear's back.  There were stirrups for her feet and loops on each side of the harness where she could hold on with her hands.  Once Louise was mounted, Amos took off.  Jonah and the two dwarves were shocked at how fast the big bear could move.
"Come on guys, let's go!"
Jonah helped each dwarf onto the back of their horse and then hopped onto his own.  They had to push the horses hard to catch up with the Louise, but they eventually caught up with the bear just as it veered off the path and shot down the mountain side.  The horses plunged through the trees right behind the bear and, running full speed downhill, they managed to reach the meadow in minutes.  Once out of the forest, though, they fanned out and the Twilight horses began to pull ahead of Amos as they sprinted across the open fields.  The air around the big bear shimmered and he suddenly grew even larger as he closed the gap and pulled even with the horses.  Jonah laughed and called to his horse for even more speed.
The cold silence of the wintry morning across the open plains was neatly sliced by the thundering hooves of three great horses, the huffing and puffing of one gigantic bear, and the loud wailing of two terrified dwarves.

*****
CHAPTER 6
THIN ICE

"Deck the halls with boughs of holly, fa-la-la-la-laaaaa-la-la-la-la!"
"Come on, Dad, give it rest," Casey cried.
Charles laughed and threw some tinsel at his daughter.  Casey ducked, but the bright silver strands still landed on her head and tangled in her bright red curls.
"Hot chocolate's ready!" Carol called from the kitchen.
Ben came out from behind the tree and carefully laid his ornaments down on the sofa.  They could finish decorating the tree AFTER the hot chocolate.
Things were back to normal in the Alderman house.  Since Carol woke from her coma back in the summer, she had steadily gotten stronger and healthier.  Charles had taken the remainder of the year off to care for his wife and now that she was doing so well, he was planning on going back to work the first of next year.  With Ben and Casey out of school on Christmas break, the house was once again filled with love, joy, and laughter.
Everyone sat down at the table where Carol had placed an odd assortment of cheerful Christmas mugs, full of piping hot chocolate.  Casey put a dollop of whip cream in her Santa Claus mug and sprinkled some cinnamon on top while Ben plopped three big marshmallows into his Snowman mug.
"How many days till we leave for Grandma and Grandpa's farm?" Casey asked.
Ben rolled his eyes.  Casey had always hated going to her grandparent's farm.  Then last summer they met Grandma and Grandpa's neighbors; Sam and Rebecca Langston and their two children Joey and Jenny.  Joey and Jenny were close to Ben and Casey's age and while Ben had a crush on Jenny, Casey had fallen head-over-heels for Joey.
"We're going up Christmas morning, sweetheart," Carol answered.  "You know that."
"Two more days," Ben thought to himself.  Although he was hoping to see Joey and Jenny, he was really anxious to visit Amos and his three dwarven friends; Hob, Gob, and Nob.  Maybe they could even travel to the Twilight and see how the castle was coming along.  At any rate, it was shaping up to be a wonderful Christmas.  While they sat around the table, sipping on their hot chocolate and talking about last minute Christmas gifts, the telephone rang.  Carol got up from the table and answered the phone.
"Hello?"
"Hey, Carol."
"Hey, Louise!  How are you and George doing?"
"We're fine.  How are you guys?"
"Everyone is well.  We're decorating our tree right now.  Just took a short break to drink some hot chocolate."
"Oh my, that sounds lovely.  I might have to dig around in the cabinets and see if I have some cocoa."
"Well, this isn't the real stuff like you fix, this is just the instant mix.  I want some of the real stuff when I get there, okay?"
"Absolutely!  We're making that spiced cider again this year too."
"Oh, I can't wait!  So, are you and George ready for the party?"
"Well, that's actually what I'm calling about.  You know our neighbors the Langstons?"
"Yes."
"I just got off the phone with Rebecca.  Her husband Sam had to make a run to Maine and he is completely snowed in.  It doesn't look like he is going to be able to make it home for Christmas."
"Oh no, that's terrible!"
"I know.  I felt so sorry for Rebecca and the kids that I've invited them to join us for our family get-together.  I hope you guys don't mind."
"Louise, why on earth would we mind?  That's a wonderful idea.  I'm sure Ben and Casey will be delighted too."
"Well, I just couldn't let them spend the holidays alone.  I've just sent George to town to get a few things, so that I can prepare some extra food.  Rebecca is going to bring a pecan pie, a pumpkin pie, a green bean casserole, and a gallon of sweet tea."
"I'll make extra mashed potatoes, rolls, and creamed corn."
"Wonderful.  I think it is going to be a very merry Christmas.  I'll see you in two days."
"I can't wait!  Take care!"
"Bye-bye."
Carol hung the phone up and returned to the table to finish her hot chocolate.
"What's going on?" Charles asked.
"Yeah," Ben added, "what are we going to be delighted about?"
"It seems that you two guys are going to be able to celebrate Christmas with your Langston friends this year.  Their father made a last minute delivery to Maine and he is snowed in.  Louise has invited Rebecca and the kids to join us for Dinner."
"The more the merrier," said Charles.  "But we probably should buy a few extra gifts to take."
"You're absolutely right!" said Carol, "let me get my purse and we'll get that done right now.  Do you kids want to come along?"
"No way," Ben and Casey cried at the same time.  "We'll stay here and finish the tree."
"What do you think we should get Joey and Jenny?"
"Jenny likes Taylor Swift and she doesn't have her new CD," Casey answered.  "You could get her that CD and maybe a pair of pretty earrings."
"Okay, that sounds good.  What about Joey?  Any ideas, Ben?"
Ben scrunched his brow up and thought.  Joey was a huge sports fan and played football at his school.  He was a total fanatic when it came to college football and his favorite team was the Clemson Tigers.
"Get him a Clemson Tiger football jersey or a Clemson tee shirt.  He'd love that."
"That might be hard to find in Bulldog country," said Charles with a grin, "but we'll give it a shot.  Who's his favorite pro team?  In case we can't find anything Clemson?"
"Carolina Panthers," Ben answered.
"Well, that shouldn't be too hard.  I'll let your mom pick out something for Rebecca and we should be set."
In a few minutes, Charles and Carol were bustling out the door to buy the last minute presents for the new guests.  Ben and Casey started back decorating the Christmas tree.
"I'm so excited about going to Grandma and Grandpa's house for Christmas this year," Casey exclaimed.  "Do you think I should have told mom to pick up a gift for me to give to Joey?"
"Just Joey?"  Ben asked, wiggling his eyebrows up and down.
"And Jenny," Casey quickly added.
"No, I think the gifts Mom is picking up will be enough," Ben answered.  “We haven’t seen them since summer time.”  Still, he couldn't help but think back to last summer, when he actually got to hold Jenny's hand.  Casey and Joey had stayed in touch and exchanged emails all the time.  They were friends on Facebook too, and their little long distance romance was still going strong.  However, Ben and Jenny's never quite took off.  She was older than him and he was certain that she must have a boyfriend at school; someone who was probably captain of the football team, or maybe even someone in high school.
Ben threw the ornaments he had picked up back onto the couch.  He was tired of decorating for now and wanted to stretch his legs.  He wanted to get out of the house too.  He finished his chocolate, which was no longer hot, and then grabbed his coat that was hanging off the back of his chair.
"Where are you going?" Casey asked.
"I'm going for a walk," Ben replied.  "It's a pretty day outside and I need to get out of the house for a little while."
"Let me get my coat and I'll come with you."
Outside, the sky was blue with a few wispy white clouds.  The temperature was extremely cold for Atlanta.  The past few nights had been in the twenties and last night had actually dropped into the teens.  The expected high today was only thirty-five.
"Do you think we'll have a white Christmas this year?" Ben asked his sister.
"No, we never have a white Christmas.  You know that."
"But if it's been this cold down here, it has to be colder at Grandma and Grandpa's farm."
"They're only two hours away, Ben"
"Yeah, but it's two hours north!"
"Grandma said the last white Christmas they had at the farm was in 1965.  It's just not going to happen."
The two kids came to the cul-de-sac at the end of the street where they lived.  There were three houses in this cul-de-sac and one undeveloped property.  The house in the middle, a two story cape cod, was vacant and had been on the market since the start of the school year.  The other two houses were empty as well, but only because the two families were out of town for the holidays.
The lot that did not have a house, on the far left of the cul-de-sac, had a board fence around it.  The fence was put up by the home owners association, because there was a small pond located at the back of the property.  All of the kids in the neighborhood knew that two of the boards in this fence were not nailed at the bottom and, with a little tug, you could slip in between the boards to gain access to the area.  Ben found the two boards and pulled them back for Casey to enter.
"What are you doing?"
"I want to see if the pond is frozen."
Casey pointed to a white sign with faded red letters that was nailed on the fence for all to see.  "Can't you read?  It says 'no trespassing'."
"A lot of kids come here; it's really a cool place."
"I don't think it's a good idea.  We could get in a lot of trouble."
Ben pointed at the empty houses.  "How?  No one is home, for Pete's sake.  Listen, all I want to do is see if the pond is frozen and, if it is frozen, I want to toss a few rocks on it to see if I can crack the ice."
Casey looked at the empty houses and then back up the deserted street.
"Come on, Casey, don't be such a stick in the mud!"
Even though she did not like breaking any rules, she finally relented and followed her brother between the loose fence boards.  It wouldn't hurt anything for Ben to toss a few rocks.  Although she did not have any desire to throw rocks, she did want to see if the pond was frozen.  She had her cell phone with her and, if the pond was iced over, she wanted to snap a few pictures to show her friends.  A large body of frozen water was something you rarely got to see when you lived in Atlanta.
Once inside the fence, they followed a path that wound through ivy, brambles, and the ever invasive Chinese privet that was slowly but surely taking over the vacant lot.  The path ended on the red clay bank of a small pond that was, indeed, frozen solid.
"Check it out," Ben cried.
 "Wow, it really is frozen."
Casey flipped open her phone and snapped a couple of pictures while Ben picked up a rock and tossed it out onto the frozen water.  The rock bounced and skittered across the ice.
"This is way too cool," said Ben, searching for a larger rock.  He finally found one on the edge of the bank and managed to pry it loose from the frozen ground.  This rock was too heavy to throw with one hand though and he had to use both hands to fling it out onto the pond.   This large rock, however, also failed to crack the ice.  Ben pushed his glasses up on his nose, planted his hands on his hips, and stared at the frozen surface.
"How thick do you think it is?" Casey asked.
"I don't know, but it's thick."  Ben walked down to the edge of the pond and stepped on the ice.
"Ben, get away from the edge, that's dangerous."
"I think it's safe," Ben replied. "Look."  He took another step and carefully jumped up and down a couple of times.  The ice held fast. Ben took another step toward the center of the pond.
"Ben, quit messing around and get back over here!" Casey yelled.
"This ice is hard as a rock.  Watch this."  Ben took several small, fast steps and then suddenly planted his feet, so that he would slide on the frozen surface.  He slid across the ice to the center of the pond and slowly came to a stop, then turned back toward the bank, where Casey was standing.  "See?  It's perfectly safe!"
A loud pop made him jump and Casey screamed.  Ben looked down and saw the ominous spider web cracks in the ice around his feet.  And then ice gave way.
From the bank, Casey watched in horror as Ben fell through the ice.  Tragedies often unfold in slow motion and time slows down for victims and spectators alike.  There was nothing slow about this accident.  One second Ben was standing on the ice, the next second he was gone.  Casey stared helplessly at the black hole where her brother disappeared and screamed again, "BEN!"
Precious seconds ticked by and her brother never surfaced.  He must be trapped under the ice.  Casey did not know what to do, but she knew she had to do something.  She stepped out onto the ice with one foot, and then the other foot.  She remembered seeing something on television about dispersing your weight in a rescue situation like this. Trembling and crying, she got down on her hands and knees and began to crawl toward the hole in the center of the pond.  When she was about ten feet from the hole, she heard a rapping noise beneath the ice.  She looked down at the frozen surface of the pond and she could vaguely make out her brother's face and hands, pressed up against the ice, beneath her.
"BEN!" she screamed again.
One of his hands came away from the ice and then reappeared.  He was pressing something gold and shiny against the ice for her to see.  Then he vanished.
"The gold leaf," Casey cried.  "Oh, thank you God, thank you, thank you, thank you."
She carefully eased her way back to the bank, slowly rose, and stepped off the frozen surface.  What a mess.  What a colossal mess.  She unbuttoned her coat and reached beneath her sweater and pulled out a little gold chain.  On the end of the chain dangled a golden leaf, fashioned in the image of a leaf from a Faerie Oak; the strange trees that made up the Twilight forest in Camelot.  The leaves were gifts to her and Ben from Marcus, the Keeper of the Twilight.  Casey grasped the leaf in her hand and spoke a single word.  "Twilight."
The still silence of the cold December day returned to the vacant lot.  Already, the black hole in the center of the pond was beginning to re-freeze.  A nervous squirrel scurried up a nearby tree and sat upon one of the lower limbs, chattering noisily; the interlopers had mysteriously vanished.

*****
CHAPTER 7
KAHZIDAR

Gabriel and Hob followed the narrow river upstream and eventually came to the shores of a vast underground lake.  The stony beach ran a few hundred yards past the river and ended at a sheer rock wall, much too steep to climb.  They returned to the river and, after a tricky crossing, followed the shoreline in the opposite direction.  Not too far down the beach, they found a dilapidated dock and the remnants of a barge that was probably used to transport ore, when this section of the mine was in operation.  The wood from the dock and the barge was rotten and of no use.  Also, much to their dismay, they found that this side of the river was just like the other side; an impassible dead end.
"What are we to do now?" asked Hob.
"You forget, I am following you," Gabriel answered.
"I do not wish to backtrack.  We need to cross this lake and continue following the river to find our way out."
"You cannot swim, can you?"
"Ha!  It is well known that dwarves tend to sink in water.  Besides, even if I could swim, I would not.  This water is cold, the lake is vast, and we do not know how far it is to the other side."
"Then we have no choice but to backtrack and find another way out."
"Drat!" Hob exclaimed.  He bent over and picked up a smooth round stone, then flung it out across the lake.  The stone made a surprisingly loud ker-plunk that echoed off the cavern ceiling and carried loudly across the water.  They watched the rings in the water slowly spread outward from where the stone fell.  Then the point where the stone struck the water, from where the rings were emanating, began moving toward them.  Startled, Hob and Gabriel both stepped back from the water's edge.  The rings, rather than growing fewer and farther apart, were growing more frequent and moving faster.  By the time the rings reached the shoreline, the surface of the water was vibrating madly and a faint hum filled the air.  Gabriel grabbed Hob by the shoulder and pulled him even further away from the water.
"What's going on?" Hob asked.
"It's a water nymph.  Do not get within her grasp."
A water nymph was a spirit that inhabited a lake, creek, river, or any fresh-water body of water.  Mostly they were harmless and shy, and stayed hidden away in the water that bound them.  Occasionally they would take on the form of a beautiful young girl, often, just to cause mischief.  Some of them, however, were malicious, even to the point of being dangerous.
The creature's head began to rise up out of the water.  When her shoulders were clear of the water, she stopped rising and hovered there, staring at the two visitors on her shoreline.  Hob was captivated by her beauty.
"She is like a living statue of glass," he marveled to Gabriel.
"Yes, very beautiful and possibly very deadly."
The nymph spoke.  "Who troubles my waters?" she asked.  Her voice was like the whisper of a quiet stream across smooth stones.
"Two weary travelers," Gabriel answered, "who are lost and seek passage to the world above.  Is there a way across this water?"
"There is," the nymph replied, "for a price."
"What price is that?" Hob asked, rubbing his hands together, ready to haggle.
"It is a small price," the nymph answered, with a sly smile.
"Then, let's have it," Hob exclaimed.  "We haven't all day to stand around and dicker!"
The nymph rose a little higher in the water, so that her elbows were just above the surface.  She raised her arm and turned to point across the dark waters where the dwarf and elf wished to travel.  "A tiny island rises from the center of this lake.  There is a large rock on this island and upon this rock there lies a horn.  When we cross, one of you must go ashore there, take up the horn, and blow two blasts upon it."
"That's it?" Hob asked with a little disappointment.  "Blow a stupid horn?"
The nymph nodded, her long hair falling down across her shoulders in a flowing curtain of icy water.
"Why would you have us blow this horn?"
The nymph did not answer.  She hovered there in the cold waters and quietly stared at them.
"Answer the question," Gabriel commanded.  "Why would you have us blow this horn?"
Still the nymph remained silent but when Gabriel and Hob turned to leave, she finally spoke.  "There is no other way to the surface but across my waters.  On this side of the lake there is darkness and death.  On the other side there is light and life.  The horn must be sounded for every being that crosses from death unto life.  That is the way it has always been, that is the way it must always be."
"By the waters that bind you," said Gabriel, "will you grant us safe passage to the other side if we do as you ask?"
"By the waters that bind me, I will grant you safe passage and deliver you alive and well to the other side if you blow the horn as I have asked you.  Two blasts - no more, no less."
"She cannot lie upon that oath," Gabriel told Hob, "yet I feel that she is hiding something from us."
"I feel it too.  If it were not for Zoltan, I would seek another way out, but we really have no choice.  We must make haste and go with her."
"I agree.  We must get back to the Twilight as quickly as possible."  Gabriel studied the nymph.  She was still waiting patiently, but she had moved much closer to the shoreline.  "I have another feeling too," he whispered under his breath to Hob.  "I feel that we will somehow regret this."
"I already do," Hob mumbled.
"We accept your terms," Gabriel announced.
The nymph rapidly began to rise from the lake and a boat made of bones rose up beneath her.  The boat was long and wide, woven together with all manner of bones from all sorts of creatures.  The rim was lined with skulls that faced outward and a green luminescence from within the skulls lit the waters with an eerie light.  The ghoulish craft glided to the beach and the nymph waited patiently for Gabriel and Hob to step aboard.
The elf and dwarf hesitated still, a deep unease troubling them both.  Finally the urgent need to escape and warn the others made them press forward.  Gabriel boarded the boat first and Hob, though still deeply troubled, followed his friend onto the gruesome vessel.  As soon as they both were aboard, the boat began to pull away from the shore, steadily accelerating until it was moving at surprising speed.  The green light from the sightless skulls illuminated the calm, still waters before them, and the swirling, troubled waters in their wake.  Hob wanted so much to hold on to the sides of the boat to steady himself, but he dared not touch the skulls that lined the rim.  Some of those skulls looked peculiarly fresh.
Soon, the boat began to slow and a small island, as the nymph described, loomed before them.  When the boat touched the shore, Gabriel nimbly leapt out and hurried to the center of the island where he found the horn lying upon the rock.  The horn appeared to be made of ivory and the mouthpiece was fashioned from beaten gold.  He put the horn to his lips and blew two long blasts.  The sound was deafening and echoed repeatedly in caverns around them.
"What have I done?" he wondered aloud, as he laid the horn down and returned to the boat.  Hob was waiting for him on the shoreline.
"I could not stay another second in that blasted boat," he whispered.  "I cannot even bear to look at it and I certainly do not think I can stomach another ride in it."
"You must," Gabriel answered, "or stay here upon this island, where there is no food to be had, and starve to death." 
"I hadn't thought of that," he said, turning and reappraising the boat.  "I suppose I can handle one more ride.  It is getting close to a meal time too, I am sure."
"Come, let's be on our way."
The nymph was smiling as they got back into the boat, but she did not speak.  Hob frowned at her.  As pretty as she was, he disliked her almost as much as he disliked her foul smelling ship.  A water nymph, Gabriel informed him, must at all times stay in contact with the body of water to which she is bound.  Although this nymph appeared to be inside the boat, she actually was not.  The floor of the boat was made with large bones that were somehow bent and twisted so that they were woven together, much like rattan is woven to form a basket.  The nymph's body went through the floor of the boat, seeping between the cracks and joints in the floor below her, to connect her to her subterranean reservoir.  For some reason, this really made Hob queasy, almost sick.  Another thing that bothered him was that the boat actually did not float.  In fact, the boat could not possibly float.  The nymph simply manipulated the water from which she was formed to raise it from the water and propel it along.  They were completely and totally at her mercy.
Hob pondered these things as they sped across to the other side of the lake where a wide pier jutted out from a tunnel just above the surface of the water.  The boat, or the basket of bones, as Hob began to think of it, slowed as it approached the pier.  When it gently bumped against the structure, Gabriel and Hob quickly climbed out onto the platform and turned to thank her.  The boat, however, was gone and the water nymph was hovering in the water, with an anxious, almost expectant look upon her face.
"What in thunder is she smiling about?" Hob grumbled.
"I'm sure it's not because she has delivered us safely, as promised."
"Come, let's get out of here.  I cannot wait to wash away the stench of that boat."
As they turned to leave, a sudden commotion from the tunnels made them pause.  They both drew their knives as the din grew louder.  There was no place to run and nowhere to hide.  Suddenly, gnomes came pouring out of the tunnel and onto the dock.  Gabriel and Hob were quickly surrounded by the creatures and found themselves contained within a ring of long, sharp spears.  Gnomes are neither big, nor powerful.  They are about the same height as dwarves, but they have a slighter build.  However, what they lack in strength and size, they make up for in speed and ruthlessness.  The circle parted, and a large gnome, taller and broader than the others, approached them.  His pasty white skin was mottled and an ugly scar traveled down from his forehead, across a sightless eye, all the way to his jaw.  An iron crown sat upon his head and he carried in his hand an iron scepter.
"I am Ringwald Stonebreaker, king of Kahzidar."
"I am," Gabriel began.
"You are a sunlighter and a trespasser!" Ringwald shouted.  Spittle flew from his lips and the scar on his face turned a dark and livid purple.  "Drop your weapons now or die!"
"Lay your knife down, Hob," Gabriel said, quietly.
"I will not," said the dwarf.  "We will end up in the slave mines if we do."
"We will end up dead if we do not."
Hob reconsidered.  He and Gabriel slowly laid their knives down on the dock and the gnomes fell upon them and bound their hands behind their backs.  Their packs were taken from them, along with Merlin's broken staff.  When Ringwald saw the staff with the spell catcher on the end, he snatched it and claimed it for his own.  Then he took his iron scepter and beat upon the ground for silence.
"This sunlighter and the dwarf have been found guilty of trespassing," he announced.
"We haven't even had a trial," Hob protested.
"SILENCE DWARF," Ringwald screamed.  "You are in Kahzidar; therefore you are guilty of trespassing!"
"To the mines, to the mines," the other gnomes chanted, "to the mines!"
Ringwald held up his new scepter to quiet everyone.  The gem was still shining brightly.  Even the torches could not dim its light.  "They are guilty of trespassing and for that, they will now and forever be Mudcrawlers."
At the mention of a Mudcrawler, Hob began to struggle against his bindings and a gnome rapped him sharply on the back of his head with the butt of a spear.  Gabriel told him to be still.
"They are also guilty of spying," the gnome king continued, "and for that they shall die."
"Listen, Ringwald," Gabriel spoke.  His voice was loud and commanding and all the gnomes fell silent to hear what he would say.  "Zoltan has been wakened.  The broken staff that you hold is the staff of the wizard Merlin, and the jewel on the end of that staff is called a spell catcher.  It held the magic that has kept the black dragon asleep down through the centuries.  That magic has been released now and Zoltan is awake and free to wreak havoc on those above."
Ringwald mulled the elf's words over in his mind.  Merlin was legend, even among the gnomes.  If this was truly Merlin's staff and if he could unlock the power of the spell catcher, then maybe he could defeat the sunlighters and rule over all of Camelot.
"Take the prisoners to the holding cells in the upper city," he directed.  "I will question them more and learn the truth of this matter."
As the gnomes started to leave, the water nymph called out to their king.  "Ringwald, remember our bargain?  It's two for one, in case you have forgotten."
The gnome king snarled at the water nymph.  "Bring the Mudcrawlers," he shouted.
A handful of gnomes scurried back into the tunnel and returned, dragging four bedraggled gnomes behind them.  These gnomes were unlike the others.  They were filthy, dressed in rags and wearing shackles on their ankles.  They were dragged to the end of the dock and pitched into the icy lake.  They screamed and thrashed about in the dark waters as the water nymph pulled them under.
"What was that all about?" Hob asked as he began to yank his beard.
"You will find out soon enough," Ringwald scowled.  "But if you must know, she guards this entrance to Kahzidar and for this service I provide her bones."
Hob paled.  "Bones?" he nervously asked.
"Yes, bones," Ringwald answered, with a smile, "bones for her boat."

*****
CHAPTER 8
UNEXPECTED MEETINGS

After a restful night of grazing on the prairie grasses near the bamboo patch, the horses were refreshed and seemed eager to get back to the Twilight.  However, after their initial burst of speed, when they first emerged from the woods onto the open fields, Jonah reined them in.  The elf slowed them down and set a pace that was fast and yet comfortable enough for Amos to lope along at their sides with Louise upon his back.  Also Gob and Nob had threatened to jump from their horses if Jonah did not slow down and, if they survived, walk all the way back to the Twilight.  Even so, they made it back to the Twilight in remarkable time.
Louise had not been back to the elfin forest since her adventures there this past summer, so when they arrived, she was shocked to see the castle that now occupied the field where the tent city had once stood.  As they approached the stone walls, the castle gates swung open to admit them into the courtyard and, when they dismounted, elves from the stables rushed forward to care for the weary horses.  The tack was removed and taken back to the stables to be cleaned and oiled.  The horses after such a ride needed to be walked, rubbed down, and groomed before returning to their stalls.  While the horses were being led away, Amos transformed back into his human form and followed Louise, Jonah, and the two dwarves to the keep.
Fires were burning brightly on the hearths along the main hallway, but no one stopped to warm themselves.  When they reached the end of the hallway, a pair of thick wooden doors marked the entrance to what was now known as the Center Room.  Each of the doors was five feet wide, fifteen feet tall, and bore the elfin rune for their home world of Faerie.  Jonah pushed the doors open and everyone followed him into the expansive room.
The walls of the Center Room were paneled with dark mahogany and, like the mantles in the great hall, carved with fantastic scenes from the elves’ home world of Faerie.  High above their heads, a glass domed ceiling allowed natural light to illuminate the richly detailed carvings on the walls and, beneath their feet, the bright marble floors sparkled and shined with flecks of gold that were embedded in vibrant veins of pinks and grays.
In the center of this magnificent room there stood a small unadorned tent.  The tent, a simple brown canvas tent, looked out of place in these fine surroundings, but this was no ordinary tent.  This was the Center Tent and the magic that defined the Twilight was bound within it.  The tent also housed the Merlin Tree that connected Camelot to the elves’ home world of Faerie.
Jonah led them across the marbled floors to the tent.  He pulled the flap back and held the door open for them to enter.  Louise closed her eyes and stepped inside.  The tent was small on the outside, yet through some feat of magic, it was expansive on the inside.  To the left and the right of the door she had just entered, the tent wall disappeared into the distance, and the ceiling of the tent was lost in the darkness above her.  Jonah led them away from the entrance and over a hill to a small fire burning within a circle of logs.  There were three people sitting before the fire.  One of them she recognized as Marcus, the elfin mage who ruled here and was known to all as the Keeper.  The other two were too short to be elves and too thin to be dwarves, but they looked so familiar.  When it finally dawned on Louise who they were, she was shocked and then her shock turned to anger.
"Ben?  Casey?  What are you doing here?  How did you get here?"
Her two grandchildren stood up and approached her.  Both were wearing warm, hooded elfin cloaks.
"Grandma?" said Casey, "What are you and Amos doing here?"
Louise ignored Casey's question and turned her anger on the Keeper.
"Is this your doing?"  She planted her hands upon her hips and fixed the Keeper with an icy glare.  Ben suddenly felt sorry for him.  He had been the recipient of that glare before and he knew the Keeper was in for a stern lecture.  "I want to know how they got here, why they are here, and how soon can you get them back!"
"I did not bring them here," Marcus answered.  "But I am beginning to suspect that their fates may be further entwined with Camelot than I ever imagined.  Why they came here is a remarkable story.  The timing of their arrival makes it even more incredible."
Louise turned from the Keeper to Ben.  "I can't imagine this is Casey's idea.  Do you mind explaining this to me?"
The last adventure they had in Camelot happened when Ben sneaked here against his Grandma's wishes.  Now here he was once again being asked to explain to his Grandma exactly what he was doing here.  Although he was in Camelot this time because of a necessity, he still felt a heavy guilt as Louise waited for his explanation.  Unable to look at his Grandma and feeling his face turn bright red, he poked his sister in the ribs.  "You tell her," he whispered.
"We wouldn't be here if you had stayed off the ice, like I told you," Casey whispered back, "so you tell her."
"Please, Casey.  I don't think I can."
Casey looked at her brother and her heart melted.  She simple could not be angry at him, after coming so close to losing him.  She turned to her Grandma and cleared her throat.  "We used the leaves that Marcus gave us last summer.  That's how we got here."
"Okay," said Louise, "now you can use them to go right back home."
"No we can't," Casey replied.  "It's not that simple."
Louise raised her eyebrows and pushed her sleeves up.  For a moment, Casey thought she was actually going to try to spank her, but Louise just crossed her arms and waited for Casey to elaborate.
"Grandma, Ben and I went for a walk today," Casey began.  She paused and glanced back at her brother.  Ben was staring down at his feet.  He looked so fragile.  Casey felt a lump rise in her throat as she continued her story.  "There is a vacant lot near our house that has a small pond on it.  We wanted to see if the pond was frozen and it was."  The lump in her throat would not go away.  The horrible image of Ben trapped beneath the ice bubbled up fresh and new in her memory.  Overcome with emotions, she began to cry.  "I told him not to, but he walked out onto the pond anyway.  Then there was a loud pop and the ice gave way.  He went under, Grandma!  It was awful," she sobbed.
Amos put his huge arm around her and pulled her close.  Casey buried her face in his furs and cried, while the gentle giant stroked her hair and tried to calm her.  As the sobs racked her body, her brother realized she could not finish the story.
"When I plunged through the ice," said Ben, in a soft voice, "I couldn't find the hole to get back out.  I was trapped underneath the ice and running out of breath."  He paused, still staring down at his feet.  "If I hadn't had the magic leaf, I would have died."
Louise paled, and for a moment she was speechless.  She rushed over to Ben and yanked him into her arms.  "Thank goodness you are okay.  If I would have lost you because of this place, I would not have been able to live with myself.  Come here, Casey."
Casey ran to her Grandma and Louise pulled her close and squeezed tightly.  "I am thankful you two are okay, but I still do not understand why you cannot use the leaf to go back!"
"Ben cannot return by way of the leaf," said Marcus, answering for the kids, "because if he did, he would return to the same place and point in time that he left.  He would be trapped beneath the ice again."
"Then we will have to return through the Merlin tree."
"Yes, but if we are to save Gabriel and Hob, there will not be enough time to take the children back - we must begin making plans at once.  When we have rescued our friends and secured Merlin's staff, we will then have to deal with Zoltan."
"Do you have a strategy for combating this dragon?" asked Amos.
"We cannot conquer him with magic.  He is simply too strong.  We will have to trap him and overcome him with brute force.  Our dwarven and elfin smiths are working together now, forging great chains and hooks.  Our carpenters are constructing catapults to fling these chains and our masons are strategically placing large boulders so we can anchor him down.”
"What on earth are you going to do with him if you do manage to subdue him?" Louise asked.  "You can't exactly keep him on a leash!"
"Once we have him chained to the ground, the first thing we will do is immobilize his head.  When we have his head secured, so that he cannot move it, we will bind his jaws shut so that he cannot make fire.  After that, we will reinforce the bindings and make them permanent."
"And then what?  Will you be able to kill him?"
"We will try.  And if we are unable to kill him, we will starve him."
"Starve him?" Gob asked, rubbing his stomach.  "What a horrible way to die."
"Yes," said Nob.  "There must be another way to put an end to him, something that will be quick and painless."
"Starving him will not kill him," Marcus answered.  "When his hunger becomes too great to bear and he begins to weaken, he will go back into the sleep-stone state.  It will almost be like Merlin's sleep spell, except this time it will be his survival instincts kicking in and trying to keep him alive."
"And what if you can't subdue him?" asked Louise.
"Then we will begin evacuation of Camelot, and escort you as safely as we are able back to the Merlin tree."
"Okay," said Amos, rising and stretching.  "What are your plans for getting Gabriel and Hob out?  What makes you think they are even alive?"
"Elves have a life force, or magic, that connects them to their world and to each other.  Whenever life ceases for one of our people, we all feel that loss inside of us.  That is why we withdrew to the Twilight after the first war against the witch and her army of snow golems.  Many of our brethren were killed and the grief was almost too much to bear."  Marcus paused, a faraway look in his eye.  A momentary cloud of pain crossed his face, and then suddenly the Keeper looked old and stooped.  It only lasted a second though and it swiftly passed.  "As Keeper, I feel that loss stronger than anyone.  Gabriel's life force is strong.  If he were dead, I would know it.  All elves here in Camelot would feel that loss."
"What about Hob?" Gob asked, wringing his hands.  "Do you know if he is alive?"
Marcus smiled at the two worried dwarves.  "I cannot feel the life force of dwarves or men, but take comfort; I am certain that if Gabriel is alive, then Hob is alive as well."
Nob gave Gob's beard a sharp yank and Gob howled with pain.  "You know, he's right.  Hob would not let anything happen to Gabriel!  If Gabriel is alive, then Hob is certainly alive."
"You're absolutely right!" Gob agreed, grabbing for Nob's beard.  As the two dwarves pulled and tugged on each other's beard, Marcus finished answering Amos' question.
"As far as plans go, Jonah will leave in the morning with Gob and Nob, to examine the cave-in.  Gob and Nob will have to determine if an excavation is possible.  If so, Jonah will ride back to the Twilight and we will send all of our resources to begin the excavation at once.  If they determine that we will be unable to dig them out safely, then they will return to the Twilight and we'll decide on an alternate course of action."
"Do you have any ideas on what that alternate course of action might be?"
"We will have to infiltrate the gnome mines to attempt a rescue.  That will be our last resort to rescue our friends.  We can ill afford a war with the gnomes while we are trying to deal with Zoltan."
"You are right," Amos agreed.  "The gnomes are best left undisturbed.  I will accompany Jonah, Gob, and Nob to the Black Hills.  I have the scent of this dragon now and I believe I could smell him a mile away."
"Very well," Marcus replied.  "I am glad for your help."
"Well, what on earth did you need me for?" Louise asked the Keeper.  "It sounds like you have everything planned out.  Actually, it sounds like you already have your plans in motion, so why do you need my counsel?"
"Louise, as Keeper I can see the many paths that lead to future events.  These are revealed to me in visions.  When I see these visions, it is like looking at a reflection upon still waters.  However I cannot see the future where Zoltan is concerned.  The visions concerning the dragon are like looking at a reflection upon troubled waters; everything is jumbled and distorted.  Because of this, for the first time since I have been Keeper, I am flying blind.  Yes, I have made plans and some of those plans are indeed in motion, but the best laid plans can often go awry.  That's why I want you here.  You have much wisdom to offer.  You also have something else to offer; something I do not have."
"And what is that?" 
"Intuition," Marcus answered with a smile.
"Excuse me," said Gob, "but we have an important question to ask." 
"Very important," Nob added.
"What is it," Marcus asked.
"Don't you think we could do a lot more planning on a full stomach?  I know we could.  It's already time for our mid-day meal and after such a harrowing ride to fetch Louise, we are quite starved!"
Marcus threw back his head and laughed and the others joined him.  Gob and Nob turned red and began to yank on their beards.
"I don't see what is so blasted funny about starving to death!" Nob growled.
"We are not laughing at you my friends," said Jonah.  "Your spirits make us all happy, that is all.  Come, let's go to the kitchens."
They left the Center Tent and, after a big meal in the kitchens, spent the remainder of the day getting reacquainted and touring the new castle.  That evening, the Keeper joined them for a magnificent supper in one of the smaller dining halls.  When everyone had finished eating, he stood and bade them goodnight.
"You are tired.  Jonah will show you to your rooms for the night.  Rest well and we will see what tomorrow brings."
Jonah led them down long, dimly-lit passageways to their bedrooms.  The rooms were not huge, airy rooms that one would expect to find in a castle, but snug and cozy rooms with proper beds, rugs on the floors, and warm fires burning on the hearths.  Amos, remembering how loudly the dwarves snored, declined an offer to share their room and opted for a room of his own.  Louise, Ben, and Casey, however, did share a room and soon they were resting comfortably in a giant bed, snuggled beneath deep layers of downy blankets and fluffy quilts.  Within minutes, Louise's soft snoring and the occasional crackle of the dying fire were the only noises that disturbed the night.
"Ben?" said Casey.
"Yes?"
"Are you asleep?"
"Yeah, I'm asleep."
"...Ben?"
 "Yeah, Casey, what is it?"
"...I'm glad you're okay."
Ben smiled.  That was as close as his teenage sister would come to telling him that she loved him.
"I love you too, Casey.  Goodnight."

*****
CHAPTER 9
PLAN B

Although the stars were still glittering in the dark skies above Castle Twilight, the eastern horizon had lightened enough to see the tops of the Faerie Oaks beyond the castle walls.  The trees were outlined in crisp black detail against the sky's gray rim.  Morning was here.
Amos and his two dwarven friends were awake well before dawn.  Gob and Nob insisted on eating a proper breakfast before traveling, and had seconds and thirds before they were ready to leave.  With all of the dwarves that lived and worked here while the castle was under construction, the elfin cooks had become quite proficient at preparing food that was much to their liking.  When Gob and Nob finally pushed away from the table, the cook gave each of them a sack that was bulging with their favorite treats for the journey.
When they finally arrived at the stables, Jonah was there waiting for them.  He was in the stable yard, holding the reins to three fresh mounts that were saddled and ready to go.  The big black horses fidgeted about the elf, stomping the frosty ground with their hooves and blowing great clouds of warm breath into the cold morning air.  They were eager to be off.
"Good morning," Jonah greeted them.  "I hope you have rested well and that you found your breakfast satisfactory?"
"We are rested," Gob replied, "and the breakfast will stick to our ribs until lunch time.  If not, we have graciously been provided with some snacks to eat along the way."  Gob patted the sack hanging from his belt and smiled.
"Heavens forbid we get caught without any food," Jonah teased, "because a hungry dragon would make far better company than a hungry dwarf."
"Hmph," Gob snorted.
Jonah laughed.  "Let's be on our way, shall we?  Are you ready?"
"Ready as we'll ever be," said Nob, eyeing the prancing horses with a dubious eye.
"I'm very sorry, but I'm afraid you will have to transform and make the journey on foot," Jonah apologized to Amos.  "We haven't any horses large enough to carry you."
"That's quite alright.  These cold brisk mornings are great for running.  Even the horses seem to think so."
"These cold brisk mornings are good for only one thing," said Nob, "hot breakfasts and warm beds."
Amos helped the two dwarves onto the back of their horses and then shape-shifted.  Fascinated, Gob and Nob watched Amos as the transformation took place.  The air about the big man shimmered as he dropped to his knees.  The furs he wore seemed to expand and began to cover his entire body as he grew and changed.  When the transformation was complete, Jonah signaled the guards and, as the castle gates swung open, a giant bear shot out of the courtyard and into the Faerie Oak forest.  The elf clicked his heels to his horse's flanks and sped after the bear.  Once again, Gob and Nob found themselves clinging to their saddles with white knuckled fists.  The ground sped beneath the flashing hooves of the elfin horses and within minutes they were out of the Twilight, loping across the open fields towards the Black Hills.
Non-stop they ran.  Everyone kept an eye open for any signs of the dragon, but, much to their relief and good fortune, they had no encounters.  When they began to draw near to the Black Hills, two riderless horses emerged from a dense grove of cedars and sped toward them.  They reined their horses to a halt and Amos transformed back into his human form.
"That is Gabriel's horse," said Jonah.
"And Gus," Nob cried.  "Hob will be so delighted!"
"I do not know how they evaded the dragon," said Jonah, as he dismounted his horse and handed the reins to Amos, "but I am glad to see them alive and well."
Jonah examined both animals carefully, to make sure they were not injured.  Finally, satisfied they were okay, he whispered into Gabriel's horse's ear.  The Twilight horse neighed loudly to Gus, then whirled around and sped across the open fields towards home.  Poor Gus kept up as best as he was able.
"Where are they going?" asked Amos.
"They are going home to the Twilight.  They have seen the dragon and they are terrified, yet they stayed hidden and waited faithfully for their masters to return.  While we may be safe from Zoltan, as he thinks we are doing his bidding, our horses may not be.  I suggest we hide them in the same grove where Gabriel and Hob hid theirs."
"That's not a bad idea," Amos agreed.  "Those cedar trees will not only provide a dense cover to hide in, they also have a very strong aroma that will mask the scent of the horses."
The cedars were, as Amos had said, extremely dense and the trees actually concealed a deep depression that might have once been a small mountain lake.  Once their horses were safely out of sight, the party began making its way up the rocky slopes.  It was now mid-morning and, though the sun was shining brightly, thin wispy mare's tails were slowly advancing across the skies from the north and the temperature was falling.  Amos watched the clouds with a worried eye.  Snow was on the way and he could feel it in his bones; it was going to be a big one.
By noon time, they reached Zoltan's resting place and they were dismayed at the destruction they found.  The entire hillside had collapsed into the cavern and the terrain above had been pulled down on top.  All of the vegetation was burned to ashes and the rocks were scorched an angry black.  The strength that it must have taken to pull down this mountain side gave Jonah pause.  Was the Keeper's plan wise?  Was there any way possible they could physically subdue a creature so powerful?  One thing was certain.  He did not need the expert opinion of any dwarf to inform him that excavating this mess would take longer than a week.  Still, hoping for a miracle, he turned to the dwarves and asked.
"Can you open this entrance?"
"Yes," Gob answered, "without a doubt.  But, it will take at least a month with a full crew of dwarves and ponies."
"Maybe two months," Nob added.
"Then, it is as I feared.  There is nothing left to do but return to the Twilight."
As the two dwarves argued over how long it would take to excavate the collapsed cavern and the proper procedures for removing the debris, Jonah quietly shook his head and turned to leave.  Amos called to him.
"Might there be another way in?  One that is close by?"
Jonah paused and the two dwarves ceased their squabbling.
"Actually, there is another entrance," said Nob, who had a fistful of Gob's beard.
"Yes, the Crystal Cave," Gob exclaimed, "and it's not too far from here."
"I know of this place," said Amos.  "I have been there myself a few years ago."
"Is it safe?" Jonah asked.
"Reasonably safe," Nob replied.  "It is an abandoned entrance, much like this one; a natural formation.  It hasn't been used in many years though, because of a farming village that has sprung up near the river."
"Does Hob know of this Crystal Cave?"
"I'm quite sure he does."
"Then he and Gabriel are probably trying to make their way to it.  So, now is a time of decisions.  Do we go back to the Twilight for help or do we leave at once for the Crystal Cave?  I have an ill feeling that I cannot explain; a feeling that if we do not hasten to their aid, we may never see them again."
"Then we should be off at once," said Nob, releasing Gob's beard.
"Yes," Gob agreed as he straightened and smoothed his long whiskers, "but we must have a quick bite to eat first.  Although it is close, we will not get there until late this evening and I cannot ride on an empty stomach."
"Great idea," said Nob, untying the sack from his belt.  "I saw a nice place, just over there, where we can sit in the warm sunshine while we eat.  Follow me."
"Do you and Amos care to join us?" Gob called over his shoulder.  "We have plenty to share."
"Where do they put all of that food?" Amos marveled.
"That is what I love about them," said Jonah.
"What?  That they eat so much?"
"No," Jonah laughed, "that they can eat so much and enjoy it so.  Even in the worst situations, they find joy in the smallest things.  It is something we all could learn from them."
Amos looked over at the two dwarves who were sitting on a sunny spot of winter grasses that had somehow escaped the dragon's fire.  They were enjoying their food and having a very animated discussion.  Jonah was right.  Their indomitable spirit was something everyone could use right now.  He turned back to Jonah. 
"When they are finished eating, take them and strike out for the cave.  I will run to the Twilight to inform Marcus, and then I will meet you there with reinforcements.  It is not too far out of my way and I should be able to arrive at the cave by nightfall."
"That is a good plan," Jonah remarked.  "I would ride to the Twilight myself and send you with Gob and Nob, but I do not know the location of this Crystal Cave.  Come, we have a long, fast ride ahead of us.  Let's join our friends and eat.  If we do not hurry, I fear there will be none left."
Fortunately, their canteens were full, because the noon day meal consisted of dry biscuits, salt cured ham, a couple of thick wedges of cheese, and some fragrant yellow apples that were just beginning to shrivel.  Gob and Nob relished every bite and then licked their fingers clean.  While they were finishing their meal, Jonah inquired about the cave.
"Tell me more about this Crystal Cave."
"The cave is several miles downriver from Brown's Ford," said Gob.
"I'm afraid I do not know of this Brown's Ford.  What river are you speaking of?"
"I do not know what the elves call it but it is known by most folk as Hawk River." 
"Ah, the Hawk River I know.  It is a mighty river, indeed.  In the spring when the mountain snows are melting, it is un-crossable for several weeks.  But the Hawk does not go underground.  It is a tributary of the Great North River and runs for many hundreds of miles before joining The Great North."
"You must be thinking of another river, one known to the elves as Hawk River."
"Or maybe the Hawk has changed since you've last visited it," Nob offered.
"Maybe," Jonah pondered.  "It has been many long years since I've travelled the Hawk yet, still, it is strange that I have never heard of this cave before now."
Gob shrugged his shoulders.  "It is nothing great; just a small hole in a hillside where the river goes underground.  The gnomes used it occasionally, but they completely abandoned it when the town of Wrightsville sprang up near the ford."
"Why is it called the Crystal Cave?"
"Just inside the entrance, the cavern is lined with quartz.  It's very pretty.  When the sun shines on the river, as it enters the cave the light is reflected off the rippling waters onto the ceiling.  Because of this at noon the whole place glitters and sparkles like diamonds."
"I should like to see that one day."
"Will we pass through any inhabited areas while we are looking for Gabriel and Hob?" Amos asked.
"Oh, yes," said Nob.  "Kahzidar is immense.  It stretches from the Black Hills to the Iron Bones.  There is no doubt we will pass through inhabited areas.  As a matter of fact, the main city lies not far from the entrance to the Crystal Cave."
"What do you know of the city," Jonah asked.
"Not much.  The city is built into the walls around a great chasm.  At the bottom of this chasm lies the dreaded slave mines.  The city itself rises from the edge of the chasm all the way to the ceiling of the cavern.  The upper levels of the city are the palace areas where the king and his family live.  I have heard that their king is quite mad."
"Oh yes," Gob agreed.  "He is definitely insane.  It is rumored that most of the slaves in the mines are gnomes; ones that have crossed him or have tried to cross him.  Actually, it is said that anyone he even suspects of plotting against him gets sent to the mines.  But these are rumors, rumors so old that no one even remembers where they came from."
"What will happen to Gabriel and Hob if they are captured?" asked Amos.
"Hob will be sent to the slave mines and we will never see him again.  He will die there.  Gabriel, being an elf, will be put to death.  It is no secret that gnomes and elves share no love of one another.  The gnomes hate all creatures that live above the ground and go about in the sunlight, but above all others they despise elves."
"Why is that," Nob asked Jonah.
"It is a long story, one that goes back to the days of Mordred and Merlin."
"Will you tell us?  I have often wondered where the gnomes came from.  Have they always been here in Camelot, or did they come from another world as you and I have?"
"They have not always been here in Camelot nor did they come from another world."
"Exactly the kind of answer I would expect from an elf," Gob grumbled.
"Jonah will tell you the story some other time," Amos interrupted.  "For now, we must be leaving.  I do not know what plans Marcus might have, but I will meet you at the Crystal Cave by nightfall.  Farewell."
Amos transformed in a flash as he whirled around and then plunged into the cedar trees.  Jonah tightened the cinches on the three saddles and tied the packs down across the cantles.  They led their horses out of the cedar grove and onto the open fields.  Once they were out of the trees, Jonah slung the reins across the horse's necks and then helped the two dwarves up onto their mounts.
"Oh, no," said Nob, grabbing onto the saddle horn and clamping his eyes tightly shut.  "Hang on, Gob!  Here we go again."

*****
CHAPTER 10
STUBBORN GRANDKIDS

Amos reached the Twilight late that afternoon.  The weather was changing fast.  The high thin mare's tails that usually marked the edge of a storm front had moved through quickly and now the sky was filled with dark, fluffy, gray clouds.  Amos was sure that a big snow was coming and worried, that if they did not move quickly, they would get separated from the others by the storm.  That would ruin any chance of rescue for Gabriel and Hob, and it would likely strand Jonah, Gob, and Nob at the Crystal Cave with very limited supplies.  The Faerie Oaks lifted their branches and pulled back their roots as the bear approached.  Through the trees he flew.  As he neared the castle, he transformed in mid-stride and ran across the courtyard to the keep.
Marcus and another elf were standing on the doorstep of the keep.  The elf had several parchments with drawings and formulas on them.  These were some modifications for the catapults that the dwarves were building; designs for a quick fire mechanism that would trigger all of the catapults at once.  He was explaining the one of these drawings to the Keeper, when Amos suddenly appeared.
"Where are your friends?" Marcus asked with a very troubled expression on his face.
"They are safe," the big man panted, "We cannot dig out the Black Hills cavern in time.  It would take weeks.  They are on their way to another entrance, a place called the Crystal Cave."
Marcus turned to the elf beside him.  "Those changes to the catapults look good.  Now, go and summon Louise and the children to my study, quickly."  He then took Amos by the arm.  "Come inside, we have much to discuss."
The Keeper's study was a small room outside the main library.  The walls were paneled with dark walnut and draped with bright tapestries.  A beam of winter sunshine filtered through the clouds and shone through a solitary window that overlooked the courtyard below.  It projected a thin sliver of gray light onto a map that was spread across the table in the center of the room.  Around this table sat Marcus, Amos, Louise, Ben, and Casey.  After Amos recounted his tale for Louise and the two kids, Marcus drew their attention to the map.
"Amos, you know how to get to the Crystal Cave, but I want Louise and the children to know as well."
"Why on earth do we need to know that," Louise asked, unable to hide the suspicion in her voice.
"If anything happens to Amos, you will need to know the lay of the land, where things are located, and how to get there."
"You are not answering my question," Louise frowned at the Keeper.  "Why do we need to know this stuff?"
"You have seen something, haven't you?" Ben asked.  "This mission isn't directly related to the dragon, so you have been able to see something in the future."
The Keeper nodded.
"Tell us," said Ben, scooting to the edge of his seat and pushing his glasses up on his nose.  Casey leaned in closer too.
Marcus looked up from the map.  He glanced at the children and then turned his attention to Louise.  She was nervously wringing her hands and staring at him like a hungry cat might stare at a mouse.  Marcus could tell that she knew what was coming and he also knew that she was ready to pounce on him the instant he asked them to go, but he had no choice.  He reached across the table and placed his hand on top of hers.  "Louise, you know what I must ask you, I see it in your face.  If you and the children go with Amos, there are many paths to many possible futures that I have seen.  Most of them are good."
"And if we don't go?" Louise asked with a trembling voice.
"If you and the children do not go, there is but one path that I am able to see.  This one path leads to great sorrow for many."
"Tell me," Louise whispered.
"If all of you do not go, we will never see Gabriel and Hob again, and Amos will die in Kahzidar."
"No," Louise moaned, "that can't be."
"Why don't you just send in an army to get them out?" Casey cried.  She could feel the panic building in her chest and big tears were welling up in her eyes.  She was scared too.  The possibility of Amos dying really shook her up.
"Kahzidar is huge, but an army would not go undetected and a war with the gnomes is the last thing we need right now.  Not only are we trying to save our friends, we are trying to save Camelot."
"Even if Camelot was not in danger," said Ben, "we'd still have to go.  They're our friends.  They would do it for us."
"You're right," said Louise, "but I can't take a chance with something happening to you and Casey.  I won't!  You've just got your mother back and things are finally getting back to normal with your family.  It would devastate your mom and dad if anything happened to either of you.  It would devastate me and George.  I can't, Ben, I just can't."
"Grandma, we have to try.  You know that."
Louise shook her head and began to cry softly.  Ben and Casey put their arms around her to comfort her.
"Ben's right, Grandma," said Casey.  "I don't want to go, but we really must."
"I know," said Louise.  She fumbled around in her coat pocket and pulled out a handkerchief.  "Just give me a moment to compose myself."
Marcus waited patiently while Louise dabbed at her eyes.  When she finished, she folded the handkerchief up and returned it to her coat pocket.  She then took a deep breath and nodded at the Keeper to continue.
"When you leave here, follow the main road toward Mountain Rest.  When you come to a crossing, turn right and that will take you to Brown's Ford."
"Is it the first crossing on the main road?" Louise asked.
"It is.  It should be well marked too.  Once you reach the crossing, you will not be far from the river.  If you cross the river at the ford, the road will turn to the right and will follow the river upstream to Wrightsville. It's about a two mile ride into town from the crossing."
"Is the Crystal Cave near the town?"
"Yes, but it's in the opposite direction."
Louise and the children looked puzzled.
"I'm telling you about the town," Marcus explained, "because Amos believes that a very bad storm is coming and I think he is right.  Once you rescue your friends, if this storm is upon you, Wrightsville will be the closet place to find shelter."
"Okay, how far is the Crystal Cave from the ford?"
"Not far.  You will still need to cross the river, but you will turn left and follow the river downstream.  There will be a narrow path beside the river and you will have to stoop to enter the cave, but when you get inside, the path widens into a broad road and veers away from the river.  Once you enter the cave, you are on your own."
"When are we leaving?" Louise asked.
"You will be leaving at once.  I have horses and supplies ready for you at the stables.  I even have a horse that you can ride," Marcus said to Amos, with a twinkle in his eye.  The big man raised a bushy eyebrow and cocked a suspicious eye at the Keeper.
Out at the stables, three of the black elfin horses were saddled, with packs tied down across the cantles and canteens hanging from the horns.
"I thought you had a horse that I could ride," said Amos.
At that moment, the stable doors swung open and an old man came out.  He was leading a horse that made the elfin horses look like dwarven ponies.  Amos paled.
"I remember that horse!"
The old man, with a sheepish grin, handed the reins over to Amos.
"His name is Dan.  I like to call him Old Dan, but he ain’t old.  That sack of gold y'all left in my barnyard that night was enough to buy a team of horses.  And that's what I done too!  I been hauling stone from the quarry for this here castle.  Got here with a load today.  Was getting ready to start back home, when one of the elves here told me all about your troubles and your need for a horse."
Amos shook his head in amazement.  "Mister Miller, isn't it?  I always wondered what happened to this horse."
"Yep, that's me.  I heard about what happened when you got into town that day.  I mistook your friends for gnomes.  I learned later that they was dwarves.  Ain't never seen a dwarf before.  Anyhow, that blacksmith that stirred up all that trouble ain't around no more.  Town ran him off.  He never did no good work anyways.  Old Dan here, he come home a couple days after ya'll left."
"Thank you, Mister Miller, but how will I get him back to you?"
"I'm returning him to you, sonny.  You done paid for him.  He's yorn now."  Mr. Miller hugged Old Dan around the neck, and then hurried to leave.  He paused though, wiped his eyes with the back of his coat sleeve, and cleared his throat.  "You be good to him now, and he'll be good to you."
"I will," said Amos.
The old man nodded once and then quickly left, without looking back.
"Look everyone, a snowflake!" Casey yelled.
Amos looked up.  The clouds had lowered and the sky above them was now a smooth steel grey color.  Another flake fell.
"We need to be leaving, we haven't much time."
Marcus helped Louise and the children onto their horses, while Amos cautiously climbed onto his.  The big man led them through the gates and out of the forest.  Although it was impossible to fall from an elfin horse, Amos did not allow the horses to gallop and he kept the pace down to a fast trot for Louise.
They made surprisingly good time on the main road, but by the time they arrived at the crossroads it was snowing really hard.  Fortunately, Marcus had equipped them all with long hooded cloaks that were lined with warm furs.  Amos drew his horse to a halt.
"Louise, we've got to pick the pace up.  Can you handle it?"
"How much faster do we need to travel?"
"I'm not going to run full out in this weather.  Old Dan is no elfin horse and he could slip and fall.  I just want to go a little faster.  Can you manage?"
“Yes, I believe I can.  Riding is really not that bad, once you get over your fear of falling.  I'm sure I will be sore tomorrow, but I will manage."
"What about you kids?"
Ben and Casey nodded.
Amos whirled Old Dan around and clicked his heels to the horse's flanks.  Louise and the children fell in behind him.  Traveling at a slow canter, Louise discovered, was actually a smoother ride than travelling at a fast trot.  
They made the ford at dusk.  The river was wide here, but shallow.  Still, they would have to cross slowly and carefully, because it was very rocky.  Even though the sun was down, the little daylight that remained was amplified by the snow that was already accumulating on the ground. This happened to be a wet snowfall and it clung to everything.  All of the trees along the river were gilded in white, their dark branches etched in stark relief against the shadows accumulating in the forest behind them.  Once again Amos led and the others followed.  When they were all safely across the river, they turned left and followed the trail leading to the Crystal Cave.
Because of the snow and the lack of light, they had to slow their pace down to a walk.  By the time they arrived at the cave, it was almost dark and the heavy snowfall had escalated into a full scale blizzard.  Everyone dismounted.
"We'll have to take the horses inside," Amos yelled, over the howling wind.  "They won't survive out here in this weather."
Louise and the kids, too tired to shout over the wind, just nodded.  Amos turned and led Old Dan up to the cave.  He didn't know if he could get the big horse to stoop under the low entrance, but he never got the chance to try, because Old Dan locked his legs up, stiff and tight, and refused to budge.  Amos tried to coax him, but he would not move.  He tried to threaten him, but that did not work either.  He pushed him and pulled him, but Old Dan was having none of it.  He simply would not go anywhere near the cave entrance.  Louise walked up.
"He's afraid of that cave for some reason.  Maybe he smells something or senses some kind of danger."
Amos studied the dark opening.  They would never get a torch lit out here in this weather.  He would have to check it out in the dark.
"Wait here while I go have a look inside.  If it is clear, I will come back for a torch.  Maybe he's just afraid of going into a dark place."
Louise held onto to both her horse and Old Dan as Amos approached the entrance.  Both the river and the path disappeared into a dark hole, recessed under a large outcropping of rock.  Just a few feet inside this hole, it was totally black.  Amos peered into the darkness for several minutes.  He could not see anything, but there was a strange smell in here; a smell he was not familiar with.  It must be the gnomes, he thought.  He turned around to retrieve a torch, and Louise saw the cave troll spring from the shadows onto his back.

*****
CHAPTER 11
MUDCRAWLERS, HOLEDIGGERS, AND STONEBREAKERS

The gnomes led their captives away from the lake, through dark, twisting, narrow passages.  Gabriel had lost all sense of direction, but Hob could tell they were gradually travelling upwards.  Eventually, they spied a light up ahead and soon emerged into a larger tunnel with multiple rail tracks.  Hitched together on one of these tracks were two rusty mining carts.  The first cart was flat and had three brightly burning lanterns hanging from makeshift poles, protruding out in front.  A large, throne-like chair, draped in garish red and purple cloths, sat in the center, facing forward.  The back of the chair rose high above their heads and formed a crude, five-pointed crown.  The second cart was an old coal hopper with rickety sides that had been patched many times.  Gabriel and Hob were bound hand and foot and forced to lie down on their backs in this second cart.
Once the prisoners were secured in place, Ringwald climbed up onto the flat cart and took a seat upon the throne.  The other gnomes lined up in the rear behind the second cart.  The gnome king raised his new scepter and the spell catcher glittered brightly in the lantern light.  "Forward!" he yelled to the other gnomes.
The gnomes in the rear began to push the carts forward.  They were traveling uphill, so the mining carts moved slowly at first, but eventually they began to gain momentum.  Soon, they were racing up the tunnel.  Faster and faster they flew.  The rusty iron wheels screeched loudly as they spun on their axles.  Lying on their backs, Gabriel and Hob watched the roof of the passageway fly by overhead as the two carts sped along the tracks.  They traveled like this for almost an hour and then suddenly the carts emerged from the tunnel into a vast cavern.
"Halt!" Ringwald commanded as he raised the scepter over his head again.  One of the gnomes sprinted up alongside the first cart to pull the brake lever.  The wheels protested loudly, but the carts immediately began to slow.  When they came to a complete stop, Gabriel and Hob were dragged from their cart and the ropes were removed from their hands and feet.  They were in The Great City, the heart of Kahzidar.  This was the home of the mad gnome king and the gateway to the dreaded gnome mines.
Gabriel and Hob took in their surroundings.  The rail tracks they travelled on were laid upon a broad avenue that was carved into the sides of the cave walls.  This road and the tracks ran all the way around the perimeter of the cavern.  Above the tracks, rising to the ceiling and circling this immense area, was the capitol city of Kahzidar, the city the gnomes referred to as The Great City.  Yellow lights shone forth from thousands of windows, giving a semblance of that time of day when the sun has already set but there is still a warm glow upon the land.  A jumbled maze of walkways, platforms, and ladders, bustling with activity, connected the various structures within the city.
However, the light from The Great City was swallowed up in the black chasm beneath the tracks.  Hundreds of feet below them, at the bottom of this abyss, the fires of a hundred foundries twinkled like stars on clear winter night.  The slave mines of Kahzidar never slept.
Nearby, several large cranes, built from iron and heavy timbers, were anchored along the rim of this enormous canyon of darkness.  Beside each crane, gigantic wooden capstans were wound tight with hundreds of feet of rope.  These ropes were looped through an intricate array of pulleys and snaked their way to the top of the cranes.  At the end of each rope, a large hook was fastened to a wide platform that was suspended over the mines.  These crude elevators were the only way to access the slave mines from the city.
A commotion from one of these elevators caught their attention.  Hob and Gabriel turned and watched helplessly as an unfortunate group of people were herded onto one of the platforms.  The people looked to be a poor family of farmers.  There were three small children clinging to the farmer and his wife.  Twelve gnomes circled around the capstan by the crane and began lowering the platform down into the darkness.  The terrified family clung to each other and, just before the platform disappeared below the tracks, the children began to cry.
Gabriel and Hob were led to a large set of chambers, at the top of the city, and placed inside a tiny windowless cell.  Enough light from the outer quarters shone through the thick iron-barred door to illuminate the benches that were carved into the stone walls on either side of the entrance.  Hob took a seat on one side of the room and Gabriel sat across from him.  Although they were securely locked away, two guards remained outside and kept a watchful eye on them.
"What do you think they want from us?" Hob whispered to Gabriel.
"What makes you think they want anything at all from us?
"Two reasons...  One - they have not killed us, and B - we are not in the slave mines."
"You do have a point.  I suspect that it has something to do with Merlin's staff.  Ringwald knows it is powerful. He believes that, if he can learn to use the staff, all of that power will become his."
"Can he learn how to use it?"
"No, it is not possible.  The spell catcher could protect him from a spell, but he has no power to cast a spell or to maintain one nor will he ever be able to do so.  Gnomes are not magical creatures.  Magic is not something you learn to do.  It is something that you either have or you do not have.  If you have it, then you may choose to let it lie dormant or you may learn to use it.  And, like anything in life, the more you use it, the better you become."
"Practice makes perfect, huh?"
"Not perfect, but definitely better.  Shhh, someone comes."
At that moment, Ringwald arrived at the door with two more guards.  "Take the sunlighter away," he scowled, "I will not speak with him."
The two guards that were accompanying Ringwald bound Gabriel's hands and marched him out of the room, while the other two guards took up positions inside the room, with their spears lowered, and pointing towards Hob.  Ringwald sat down upon the bench where Gabriel had just been sitting.  He had the spell catcher in his hands.
"Does the sunlighter speak the truth about this?" he asked, holding the staff up before him.  "Is this really the wizard Merlin's staff?"
"So he tells me," Hob answered, cautiously.  "I have heard the stories of Merlin, including the ones of the black dragon.  Those I can attest to, for I have seen the dragon with my own eyes.  You must return the staff to us and help us, or Zoltan will destroy everything."
Ringwald cracked a wicked grin and his eyes glittered intensely.  "Why should I help you or your elf friend?  For that matter, why should I help any sunlighters?  You turn your noses up and look down upon us with disdain, but you are no better than we are.  You war among yourselves and among each other.  You cheat, and lie, and steal, and yet, whenever an unfortunate gnome ventures out into the sunlight, you slay them and think you have done a good deed."
"The only reason gnomes come to the surface," Hob replied, "is to steal away poor souls to work in their slave mines.  Is it any wonder that all races shun and despise you?"
"And that is precisely where you and your elf friend shall end up; just another Mudcrawler in the slave mines.  Unless, perhaps, if you can help me unlock the power of Merlin's staff."
"We cannot.  And even if we could, we would not."
"You will reconsider this," Ringwald growled, "because if this staff is the only thing that can defeat Zoltan, then Zoltan shall not be defeated.  I will see to that.  If he destroys the Twilight and all the cities of man, what concern is it of ours?  They are all our enemies.  If Zoltan defeats them, then we shall worship him and he will be our god."
"You are insane," Hob whispered.
Ringwald laughed.  "Yes, I am quite insane, but you have no other options.  Help me and I might consider letting you stay here as a Holedigger.  And if you are a good and faithful servant, I may even elevate your status to Stonebreaker."
Hob rose to his feet and the guards moved closer with their spears.  "I am Hob, of Dwarvenhall, the great dwarven kingdom under the Iron Bone Mountains.  King or no king, slave or not, I will never answer to any gnomish name."  To emphasize his disgust, Hob spat on the ground near the feet of the gnome king.
Ringwald's eyes bulged and his pasty white skin turned scarlet red.  Trembling with rage, he leapt from the bench as if to grab hold of the dwarf, but somehow managed to constrain himself.
"GUARDS!" he screamed.  "Bring back the sunlighter!"  He made to leave, and then turned toward Hob once more.  "I will give you and the sunlighter one day to reconsider.  If you still refuse to help me, then I fear it will not go well for your companion.  Perhaps you will be more willing to help when you hear the sunlighter screaming for mercy and begging for death."  Ringwald smiled that wicked, evil smile again.  "They do not die easily."
Hob could take it no longer.  He lunged at Ringwald, ready to throttle him and wipe that nasty smile off his face.  The guards struck him with the butt of their spears and the last thing he heard, before the darkness engulfed him, was the depraved laughter of the gnome king echoing off the stone walls.

*****
CHAPTER 12
BRAVING THE BLIZZARD

"AMOS!" Louise screamed.
The cave troll was much larger than Amos and landed squarely on the big man's back, driving him forcefully into the ground.  At that moment, Jonah, Gob and Nob materialized out of the darkness on their horses.  Jonah leapt from his mount and grabbed Louise.  He pulled her back out of harm’s way, and then unsheathed his sword.
"Stay here and guard them," he shouted at the two dwarfs.  "These creatures are extremely fast and, should he get past me, it will be up to you to save them."
The two dwarves slid down from their saddles and stepped in front of Louise and the children.  When they pulled their axes from their belts, Jonah turned back to the battle taking place just inside the cave entrance.  The snow was falling fast and it was almost too dark to see, but the elf could tell that Amos was still down and the cave troll was still on top.  He started to advance and then stopped, when a tremendous roar erupted from the cave.  The troll was violently flung into the stone walls of the cave entrance and the largest bear that Jonah had ever seen rose up from the cave floor.  The troll was momentarily stunned and the bear seized the creature before it could recover.
Even with its neck locked tightly in the jaws of the bear, the troll still managed to fight back.  The two beasts rolled out of the cave into the wind driven snow.  The dwarves pushed Louise and the children back, while Jonah, with lightning speed, dashed in and slipped his sword between the cave troll's ribs.  The troll let out a hideous howl of rage and pain, and then went limp beneath the massive onslaught of the bear.  Although wounded, the bear dragged the troll to the river's edge, flung it into the icy black waters, and then staggered back into the cave and collapsed.
Everyone ran past Jonah as the elf wiped his blade clean in the snow.  In just a few seconds, Gob and Nob had lit torches to illuminate the cave.  They were all shocked by what they saw.
Amos lay on the ground; yet, his transformation back into human form was not complete.  The big man was still covered with fur and long black claws protruded from his fingers and toes.  His face was elongated into a bear-like snout and his tongue lolled out from his mouth as he lay on the ground, panting.
"What's wrong with him?" Casey cried.
"Casey," said Louise, taking her by the arm, "you and Ben stand back here and give us some room."  She took a torch from Gob, handed it to Ben, and then returned to Amos' side.
"Ooooh, this is bad, this is bad, this is baaadddd," Nob wailed.
Jonah knelt down to examine the wounds on Amos.  The big man had puffy, red claw marks across his chest, where the troll had grappled with him.  These scratches were not deep, but they were inflamed and oozing blood.  There were also many bite marks on his shoulders.  Jonah shook his head.  "It is as I feared.  He has been bitten."
Gob wrung his hands and began yanking on his beard.  "A fine mess we are in, a fine mess indeed!"
"What's wrong with him?" Louise asked, with a trembling voice.  "His wounds are bad, but they don't seem to be life threatening."
"He was bitten by a cave troll," Gob cried.  "He's dying!"
The children overheard the dwarf and ran to their Grandma's side.  Casey was now crying hysterically.  Ben tried to be brave and tried very hard to comfort her, but he was unable to hold back his own tears.
"The cave troll's bite is poison," Nob wept.  "He is paralyzed and cannot change back."
Louise felt the ground sway beneath her.  Ben noticed that she was shaking and grabbed her elbow to steady her.
"Is there nothing we can do to save him?" he asked.
"There is no cure," Gob answered.  "He will live one day, maybe two."
"Actually, there is a cure," said Jonah, rising to his feet.  Everyone looked to the elf, with new hope in their eyes.
"Well, what is it?" Louise asked, reaching for the elf.  "Quickly, now, out with it!"
"A tea, made from the leaves of a Faerie Oak, will turn this poison.  We have used it before."
Louise looked at Jonah and then looked past him, at the storm raging outside.  Even if it was a beautiful spring morning, and their horses were fresh, they would be hard pressed to ride all the way to the Twilight, and then back to the Crystal Cave, in time to save Amos.  Gob had said he would live one day, maybe two, but Louise could tell that Amos would not live two days.  He was dying very quickly.  He would be lucky to live through the night.  Her heart sank.
"I will return to the Twilight to get the leaves," said Jonah.  "I am the best rider and no one else could survive the trip in this weather."
"There's not enough time," said Gob.
"When I get to the Twilight, I will ask Marcus to open a tunnel.  We can use the unicorn horns, as we did at Stone Dog, to return to the Twilight.  Besides it seems that will be the only way to get you and the children back safely in this storm.  Do any of you have a spell catcher?"
"Oh no," Louise gasped, "I threw mine away." 
"I have mine," said Casey, reaching behind her neck and unclasping the necklace.  She dropped the tiny emerald into Jonah's hand.  "Hurry!"
"I will, but first, there are a few things that must be done before I leave.  Louise, clean Amos' wounds and make him comfortable as possible.  Gob, Nob," he motioned to the dwarves.  "Let's get the horses and bring them in.  Ben and Casey can tend to them once they are inside."
The scent of the troll still lingered and the strong smell of blood frightened the horses, but after a little coaxing, they finally got them to enter the cave.  Ben and Casey led all the horses, except for Jonah's, past Amos and Louise and began to unsaddle them.  Jonah spoke to the dwarves as he tightened the cinch on his saddle.
"You two, scavenge for wood and build a fire.  You will need it to stay warm and I will need it to brew the tea when I get back.  Stay on your guard too.  This is, after all, an entrance into Kahzidar."
This time, Jonah's horse did not want to leave the cave.  It was not warm here, but it was sheltered from the slicing wind and the cold, wet snow.  The elf finally managed to persuade the horse outside and swung up into the saddle.  As he disappeared into the darkness, Gob and Nob drew their axes from their belts and tied their fur cloaks tightly about them before leaving the cave.
There was plenty of wood nearby the entrance and, luckily, the dwarves managed to find enough dry material and tinder to start a nice, hot fire.  Once the fire was crackling and popping, they stockpiled enough wood to last throughout the night and then huddled closely with the others around the dancing flames for warmth and comfort.
Because Amos' transformation had been halted by the troll's poisonous bite, he was still covered with the course, thick hair of a bear.  However, Louise still worried that he would become chilled during the night and retrieved blankets from their packs; to make sure he stayed as warm as possible.  She placed one of the blankets under his head for a pillow, and used the other blanket to cover him as best she could.  Once she was satisfied that she had done all she could to make him comfortable, she turned to join the others by the fire and that's when she saw it.
She wasn't sure what she had seen, because it darted away from the firelight, back into the shadows.  At first, she thought it was another cave troll and a sudden fear gripped her heart and rooted her feet to the ground in terror.  Then she reasoned that whatever it was, it was spying on them and that could only mean one of two things; either it was afraid of them or it was planning some kind of surprise attack on them.  She exhaled and took a slow deep breath to steady her nerves.  Somehow, she managed to remain calm and pretended that she hadn't seen anything.
"Gob and Nob," she called to the dwarves, "will you come look at these wounds and tell me what you think?"
The two dwarves came over and knelt down beside Amos as Louise pulled the blanket back.
"Stay calm and don't panic," Louise whispered, "but there is someone, or something, in the cave with us.  I saw it dash into the shadows, just a moment ago, when I turned around."
"Did you get a good look at it?" Nob whispered.  Louise shook her head and cringed at the dwarf's poor attempt at a whisper.  However, it did not appear that the children heard what he had said, so she assumed no one else had either.  Besides, if anyone saw them engaging in a hushed conversation, they would probably just assume they were whispering to keep the children from overhearing.
"Do you think another cave troll might be in here?" she asked.
"No," Gob answered, "cave trolls are solitary creatures and very fearless.  If it was another troll, it would not be lurking in the shadows."
"I'll bet it's a nasty, grimy gnome," said Nob.  The dwarf sneered and wrinkled his nose to show his disgust.  "I'm very surprised I haven't smelled him."
"That's what I was thinking," Gob agreed, "but the stench of the cave troll is still strong in this place.  The gnome was probably stationed here to monitor the cave troll.  With a troll living here, the gnomes wouldn't have to worry about any outsiders using this entrance.  They just had to keep watch and make certain the troll never ventured deeper into the cave."
"What are we to do?" Louise asked.
"We will need to catch him before he alerts the others."
"How can we catch one?  I've heard they are very fast."
"They are bloody fast," Gob answered.  "Let's move quickly now, before he gets suspicious and flees.  I'll go over to check the horses.  Louise, you go over and start emptying the packs.  Be sure to make a lot of noise.  Nob, when Louise starts emptying the packs, I want you yell at her and make a big scene.  Start a loud and nasty argument.  The children will jump up to intervene and, while all of this is happening, I will slip along the far wall and try to come up behind him."
"Will you be okay?" Louise asked.  "I think I would absolutely fall apart if something else happens."
"I'll be fine.  I'm going to give him a good rap on the head to knock him out.  If it is a gnome, we may be able to get some information from him that will be helpful in locating Hob and Gabriel."
"You're right," said Louise.  "Let's go."
"Those wounds look good," Gob said loudly.  "You did a fine job cleaning them.  Now, if you don't mind, look in the packs and find us something to eat for supper.  I am going to rub the horses down and oil the tack.  There should be some oats in one of those packs for the horses to eat too.  They have had a hard journey coming through this storm and, if we have to ride them out of here, they are going to need to replenish their energy."
Gob ambled over to the horses and began rubbing them down, while Louise walked over to the packs, which were sitting near the river.  She picked up one of the packs and turned it upside down, dumping its contents all over the cave floor.  A sack of oats fell out of the pack and spilled its contents into the fire.
"What are you doing?" Nob yelled.  The dwarf dashed over to Louise and snatched the pack out of her hands.  "Look what you have done, you clumsy old fool!  Our horses need that food!"
"Give me that back," Louise screeched, grabbing at the pack.  "I'm sick and tired of you sawed-off, bearded half-pints bossing me around!"
"Half-pint?  Why, if you weren't a brittle, dried up old woman I'd punch you in the face and dunk you in the river!"
"You'd have to use a ladder to punch me in the face, short-stuff," Louise yelled.
Ben and Casey were on their feet and between their Grandma and the dwarf in a flash.  Louise and Nob continued yelling at each other and the children were frantically trying to calm them down.  Just when they feared the confrontation was on the verge of escalating into a full-scale, knock-down, drag-out fight, Gob appeared from the shadows of the cave with a gnome draped across his shoulders.   He dumped the unconscious creature on the floor between them and smiled.
"That was very convincing!  I thought for a second that you were actually getting into a real fight.  This little bugger was so wrapped up in your argument; I was able to walk right up behind him."
"This was all an act?" Casey asked, incredulously.
"Yes, dear, we were just trying to distract the gnome so Gob could sneak up behind him."
"How did you know he was there?"
"I caught a glimpse of him when I was tending to Amos."
"Is he dead?" Ben asked.
"No.  I just bonked him on top of his head.  Gnomes have very hard heads.  It's the only place you can hit one without really causing any damage.  He should wake up shortly."
"Speaking of shortly," said Nob, planting his hands on his hips and glaring at Louise.
"Oh, come on, Nob," Louise smiled.  "You know I love you and I did not mean a single word I said.  You are my hero." 
"Your hero?" Nob asked, standing up straight and squaring his shoulders.
"Absolutely," Louise answered.  "I'm just a brittle, dried up old woman, remember?  Now go get me some rope, so we can tie this fellow up."

*****
CHAPTER 13
MUELLER MUDCRAWLER

Nob retrieved some rope from the packs and the two dwarves set about securing the gnome’s hands and feet.  The creature was covered in grime and dressed in tattered rags.  Overly large ears, big eyes, and a long nose gave him an almost comical appearance.  His legs and arms were mere sticks and his ribs stuck out beneath the thin, thread bare tunic he was wearing.
"This poor little fellow is starved to death," Louise exclaimed.  "Are you sure you didn't kill him?"
"I rapped him on his noggin," Gob replied.  "Anywhere else and it would have killed him.  I told you, gnomes have hard heads.  Harder than dwarves, even."
"This lad is from the slave mines," said Nob.
Gob nodded.  "I believe you are right.  He has the look about him of a Mudcrawler."
"What's a Mudcrawler?" asked Ben.
"If you are a gnome, then your last name is Mudcrawler, Holedigger, or Stonebreaker," Gob answered.  "And your last name determines where you fit in.  The Mudcrawlers are at the bottom of the ladder.  These are the slaves that work in the mines.  Above them are the Holediggers and at the top, are the Stonebreakers."
"Wow," Ben remarked.  "That's very interesting."
"What is interesting?"
"The gnomes have a three tier social structure with very distinct socioeconomic classes."
"Huh?" said Gob, scratching his head.
"Pay no attention to Ben," Louise interjected.  
"Good grief," said Casey, rolling her eyes, "only you would think of something like that at a time like this."
Ben turned beet-red.  "I just think it's interesting," he retorted, "gee whiz!"
"Please continue with your story," said Louise.  She put her arm around Ben and squeezed.
"That's about all I know," Gob answered, "but when our Mudcrawler friend comes around, I plan to know a whole lot more."
"You're not going to hurt him, are you?" Ben asked, with concern in his voice.
"Only a little," Gob answered.  "Just enough to make him tell us everything we need to know."
Ben planted his hands on his hips.  "Well, I don't care if he is a gnome; you're not going to hurt him.  Look at him!  I'm amazed he can even walk!"
"Okay, okay," Gob grumbled.  "We won't hurt him; we'll just scare him a little.  Threaten to send him back to the mines."
"No, that won't work either."
"Well, what do you suggest we do?  Fry him up some supper and give him a warm blanket?  Then, ask him where we can find our friends?"
"That's exactly what we are going to do," said Louise.  "Ben is right.  Besides, we have an old saying where I come from; you can catch a whole lot more flies with honey than with vinegar."
"What does that mean?" asked Nob.
"You and Gob fix something hot for all of us to eat and think about it.  If you don't figure it out, you will see soon enough."
The two dwarfs gathered the stuff Louise had dumped from the pack and rummaged around in some other ones.  Gob raked some coals from the fire and placed a pan in the glowing embers while Nob took a pot to the river to retrieve some water for the beans.  Soon, the smell of frying beef and simmering beans filled the cave and the gnome prisoner began to stir.
"Hey, look!" Ben exclaimed.  "He's coming around!  Hand me some water and bring me a plate of that food."
Neither one of the dwarfs wanted the gnome to drink from their flask.  They got into a frenzied argument and almost came to blows, but when Ben yelled for them to hurry, they sprang into action.  Gob snatched the flask that belonged to Amos and Nob filled a plate with a scoop of hot beans and a thick slice of brown, crispy meat.
When the gnome finally regained consciousness, Ben helped him sit up and propped one of the packs behind his back for him to lean on.  He held the flask out to the gnome and the gnome shook his head and turned away.
"It's just water," said Ben.  "Look."  Ben turned the flask up and took several big swallows.  He handed it back to the gnome.  The creature reached out and took the flask in his hands, which were still bound tightly at the wrists.  He took a few tentative swallows and then handed the flask back to Ben.  "Can you speak?" Ben asked.
"Yes," the gnome answered, "I can speak."
"What's your name, Mudcrawler?" Gob asked in a loud and gruff manner.  The gnome flinched at the name and cringed at the sight of the angry dwarf towering over him.
"Gob," Louise interrupted, "I need for you and Nob to go sit with Amos.  The children and I will speak to our friend here."
"Friend," said the gnome, quietly.  He spoke the word as if it were foreign to him.  A word that was never heard nor uttered in the slave mines of Kahzidar.
"BAH!" Gob cried, throwing his hands up into the air.  Angrily he kicked a stone into the river and stubbed his toe.  As he hopped up and down on one leg, while holding his injured foot, Nob grabbed him by the beard and led him away.
"Yes," Ben answered, turning back to the gnome.  "We are friends."
"Then why do you have me tied up?  It seems that I am your prisoner, not your friend."
"Why were you sneaking about in the dark and spying on us?" Ben fired back.
The gnome reddened.  "I see your point, but I meant no harm; I just happened near the entrance and overheard the commotion.  I came to see what poor unfortunate creature fell in with the cave troll.  That is all."
Ben studied the gnome for a few seconds.  He seemed to be telling the truth.  Ben had never seen a gnome before, but this fellow had an honest look about him.  "Okay.  I believe you, but if we untie you, will you promise not to run away?  I have a plate of hot food here, just for you, if you will stay and talk to us."
The gnome eyed the plate of beans and the thick brown slice of beef.  He licked his lips, hesitant at first, but hunger at last won him over.  "I will stay and talk," he finally answered.  Ben drew the hunting knife his Dad had given him this past summer and sliced through the ropes that bound the gnome's hands and feet.  The gnome rubbed his wrist and reached for the plate.
"Tell us your name first," said Ben, pulling the plate back.
"Mueller.  Mueller Mudcrawler."  He spat the last name out with disgust.
Ben handed the plate of food to the gnome and introduced everyone.  "Mueller, my name is Ben.  Ben Alderman.  This is my sister Casey and my Grandma Louise.  Those two dwarfs are Gob and Nob.  They are really nice, once you get to know them.  The person they are looking after is our friend, Amos."
"He's been bitten by a cave troll," said Mueller, between bites of food.  "I saw the fight.  Will the sunlighter make it back in time to save him?"
"Sunlighter?" Louise asked.
"The elf.  We call them sunlighters because they live above ground and go about in the daytime, when the sun is bright and hot."
"He will make it back in time," said Louise.
"Your friend," said Mueller, pointing at Amos with his spoon, "is a shape shifter.  I have heard of them, but have never seen one.  I am sorry he is injured, but I am happy he defeated the troll.  This entrance has not been safe since the troll moved in.  It is most unfortunate the storm forced you to seek shelter here."
"The storm didn't force us here," said Louise.  "We are looking for two friends who are lost in Kahzidar."
"Oh?  Then I fear you have seen the last of your friends.  All entrances into Kahzidar are guarded.  No one enters, or leaves, without permission."
"This entrance was not guarded," Casey pointed out.
"The cave troll guarded this entrance," Mueller replied.  "With him living in the cave, no one would dare try to enter, or leave, by this route.  I am truly sorry, but if your friends did manage to enter Kahzidar undetected, and if they are still alive, then they are probably in the slave mines.  They are Mudcrawlers by now."
"That name really bothers you, doesn't it?" asked Ben.
"The name is a badge of shame and dishonor.  I once was a Holedigger and after many years of faithful service I applied for Stonebreaker, but then I was accused."
"Accused of what?" asked Louise.
"It doesn't matter.  Most often, when a Holedigger applies for Stonebreaker they will be accused of something, found guilty, and reassigned to Mudcrawler.  Then, it's off to the slave mines.  That's why no one ever applies, unless they are sure to be accepted.  I was certain that I would be accepted.  When I was accused, I even thought it was just a mistake, one that would be cleared up at my trial.  But I was found guilty and sent straight to the mines.  I toiled away there for ten long, miserable years.  And then one day, I fell into a deep fissure, and the drivers left me there for dead.  But I survived, I recovered, and I escaped.  Now I am free, but I have no friends and I still bear this horrible, shameful name."
"Well, change your name," Ben suggested.
"Change my name?" Mueller asked, incredulously.
"Yes!" Ben answered.
"No, I can't do that.  Names are gifts.  They are given and cannot be taken.  I'm afraid I will always be a Mudcrawler."
"You can have my name," Ben offered.  "Your new name will be Mueller Alderman.  Will that be okay?"
Mueller dropped his plate and fell on his face before Ben.  With shaking hands he reached out and touched Ben's shoes.  "Do you mean this?" he whispered.
Ben stood up and then reached down to help Mueller to his feet.  The little gnome had big tears rolling down his dirty cheeks.  "Of course I mean it.  Hey, guys," he called to the dwarves, "come over here.  I want you to meet our new friend, Mueller Alderman!"
Louise smiled at Ben.  She was so proud of him.  She took Mueller's hand and shook it warmly.  "Mueller Alderman, I am very proud to have you for my friend."
Gob and Nob joined them.  The two dwarves were very suspicious and wary of the gnome, but Ben forced them to introduce themselves and shake Mueller's hand.  The gnome was overcome with emotion and began to weep.  Ben dug an extra tunic from one of the packs and put it around Mueller’s shoulders.
"So, will you tell us where we can find our other friends?" Ben asked.
Mueller wiped his eyes and smiled gratefully at Ben.  "I will do more than that, for my friends.  I will help you find them."
Louise winked at the two dwarves and whispered to them, "flies with honey."
Gob and Nob stroked their beards and pondered this.  They could have gotten the information they needed from the gnome much quicker with their strong arm tactics, but then they would have had an angry and resentful prisoner to deal with.  Now, thanks to Ben, it looked like they had a new friend and a very valuable ally to aid them in this quest.  Ben never ceased to amaze them.
"How long have they been in Kahzidar?" Mueller asked.
"They left the Twilight four days ago," Louise answered, "so they've been In Kahzidar three days, at the most.  We don't even know if they've been captured."
"Where did they enter Kahzidar?"
"There was a cavern beneath the resting place of Zoltan, the black dragon from Crag.  Do you know the story of Zoltan and Merlin?"
"Yes, the story of Zoltan and Merlin is legend, even among the gnomes."
"Then you know of his resting place in The Black Hills?"
"I know The Black Hills very well.  Those areas of the mines have long been abandoned and it is a lengthy journey from there to the inhabited sections."
"Would it be possible for them to travel from The Black Hills to The Crystal Cave?" asked Gob.
"Not without help.  When those parts of the mines were abandoned, Ringwald had a large section of the mines flooded, so that trespassers could not get to the inhabited areas.  He created a vast underground lake, one that is too large and too cold to swim across."
"How will they get across?  Or will we have to cross the lake and bring them back?"
"If they find their way to the lake, and I see no reason why they won't, they will be given passage to the other side by a water nymph that inhabits the lake.  She is an evil spirit and she will deliver them straight to Ringwald, too."
"Then I guess it is highly probable they will be captured," Louise pointed out, "if they haven't already."
"Hey," Nob interrupted, "did you happen to know that Merlin's spell has been broken and the black dragon has been wakened?"
"No, I did not!  That is grim news for all sunlighters.  How did this come about?"
"We are not sure, but we believe that our two friends are responsible."
"Why would they wake Zoltan?  I am amazed they escaped with their lives!"
"They would never have wakened him on purpose.  It had to be an accident."
"Grandma," Ben cried, "where is Casey?"

*****
CHAPTER 14
A NARROW ESCAPE

Jonah raced down the snowy path alongside the river with ease, but the crossing at the ford proved to be very precarious.  Thick crusts of ice were forming around the river’s edge and the rocks were becoming dangerously slick.  A couple of times the elfin horse actually slipped, but true to his nature, he kept his footing and delivered his rider safely across the dark icy waters.  Once on the other side and upon safer ground, they increased their pace to a fast lope.  Jonah knew the horse could run much faster, but he wanted to conserve the animal's strength until they were out on the main road.
When they arrived at the cross roads, Jonah leaned forward in the saddle and spoke a word of encouragement into his horse's ear.  Already, four inches of snow had fallen and the wind was beginning to mound it up into deep drifts along the banks of the road.  The elf pulled his hood down and wrapped his cloak tightly about him.  Elves can withstand the bitterest cold, but this storm was absolutely miserable.  The snow was not a dry, powdery snow, but a wet, heavy, wind-driven snow that clung to everything.  He had to constantly shake his cloak and brush the snow from his horse.  This slowed him down tremendously, but if left unattended the snow would melt against the horse's warm flesh and then the arctic-like wind would freeze it solid.
As Jonah turned his horse down the main road, toward the Twilight, the shrieking wind took on two distinct voices.  The elfin horse neighed loudly and danced nervously in the road.  One of the shrill voices in the storm's wind was becoming louder.  The horse began chomping at the bit and stood up on its hind legs, pawing the air with its hooves.  Jonah could barely control the animal now.  Something had it completely terrified.
The elf turned in the saddle and stared into the darkness.  To anyone else, visibility would have been limited to a few feet within the storm that raged about them, but to the keen eyes of an elf, the snow illuminated the night with eerie shades of grey.  The noise was getting louder and it was not the wind.  Shielding his eyes from the stinging snow with one hand and trying to maintain control of his horse with the other hand, Jonah spied a dark shape hurtling down the road toward them.  It was Zoltan.
Jonah whipped the reins across his horse's neck and dug his heels into its flanks.  The terrified animal needed no encouragement to flee and, like a speeding arrow, the elfin steed raced down the main road with the dragon in pursuit.  Jonah had cursed the storm earlier, but now he thanked the Gods for the wind and snow, for the weather was apparently keeping the dragon grounded.  Even so, Jonah could tell that Zoltan was steadily gaining ground and would soon be close enough to blast them with fire.
Somewhere to his right, across an open field, stood a forest that ran parallel with the main road for several miles.  Since Zoltan could not take to the skies, and since his horse could not outrun the dragon, the only chance they had of surviving was to make it across the field and into the trees.  Once inside the forest, the large dragon would not be able to maneuver between the trees as quickly as the horse, and there, Jonah hoped to put some distance between them.
The dragon roared and Jonah jerked the reins hard to the right.  The great horse shot off the road and leapt across the snow cover bank without a missing a stride.  It was just in time too, as heat spewed from the dragon's mouth and rolled down the road in great billows of hot ash and fire.  Zoltan roared again, this time in anger at missing his prey.  He scrambled madly, trying to find traction as he slid through the mud and slush created by his fire.  This bought the elf some precious seconds.  The horse sensed it too and lunged forward with an unexpected burst of speed.  They were getting away.
When the forest loomed into view, Jonah stood in the stirrups and leaned down over his horse's neck.  They were almost there.  They were going to make it!  And then Zoltan crashed down to the ground in front of them.  He had taken to the skies after all.
When the dragon landed in front of the horse and rider, the storm's wind filled the creature's wings, like a sail, and spun the beast around.  Jonah thought for a moment that the storm had saved him again, but as the wind spun the dragon, his long tail whipped about and smacked the horse.  The powerful blow struck Jonah's mount broadside, sending both horse and rider hurtling sideways, away from the jaws of the beast.
The horse tumbled end over end through the snow, but Jonah nimbly flipped and twisted through the air and landed lightly on his feet.  He sprinted into the woods and quickly ducked behind a tree.  Pressing his back into the icy bark, he became still as stone, all of his energy focused on hearing over the howling wind.  The snow was now mixed with icy pellets that stung his cheeks and rattled the stubborn dead oak leaves that refused to let loose from their trees.  Then, over the sounds of storm, he heard his horse scream.  Knowing this might be his only chance to escape, he bolted deeper into the forest.
Zoltan devoured the horse and began searching for the rider.  He was hungry.  The game in these parts was scarce and the weather was making it harder to hunt.  The only place the elf could have fled was into the wooded area along the edge of the field.  He was probably terrified and running blindly through the forest now.  It should be easy to overtake him.  Zoltan's stomach rumbled noisily.  He licked his lips and slowly, meticulously cleaned each of his talons.  The prospect of a hunt excited him.  Now, he was hunting an intelligent creature, not a dumb beast.  With eager anticipation, Zoltan sprang from the field into the woods.  The trees, no match for his powerful limbs and armored scales, only slowed him a little as they bent, snapped, and gave way before him.
Jonah had run through the forest and came out into a small clearing.  The wind was beginning to die down a bit, but the snow and sleet were still falling fast.  Behind him, he could hear Zoltan crashing through the trees.  No time to think.  He sprinted across the clearing and back into the trees.  Up ahead the land became rocky and began to rise sharply.  Soon, he found himself before a steep embankment, with no apparent way to the top.  Near the base of this dead end, a tall hemlock, its dense green boughs gilded with snow, towered high above the sheer rock wall.  Jonah scampered up the tree.
Near the top of the hemlock, Jonah could faintly make out the clearing he had crossed only moments ago.  The dragon was crossing that clearing now and heading straight for him.  Jonah could tell that the dragon did not know where he was hiding, so he remained motionless as the fearsome beast came closer and closer.  With the wind blowing, it would be nearly impossible for Zoltan to pick up his scent.  The piney aroma of the hemlock tree would help mask his odor too.  The elf remained perfectly still and held his breath as the dragon passed by.
The creature, though terrifying, was truly beautiful and magnificent to behold.  His long limbs were well muscled and armed with razor sharp talons.  A double row of spikes protruded along his spine, from the top of his head to the tip of his tail, and as he walked, his black scales glistened from the snow that melted on contact with his hot skin.  Zoltan paused beside the hemlock tree.  He stared northward, unblinking, into the wind and driving snow and then turned south and sniffed the air.  Jonah was so high in the tree, that he was level with the dragon's head and could see the dark gold serpentine eyes from between the branches in which he was hiding.  Zoltan sniffed again, then slowly turned and stared directly into the limbs of the hemlock.
The elf held his breath and stared straight back at the dragon.  He was afraid if he blinked, the dragon would see him hiding among the branches.  He was afraid if his heart did not quit beating so loudly, the dragon would hear him, even over the piercing winds.
Zoltan began searching the hemlock.  His eyes flicked back and forth in short, jerky movements as he scanned the tree.  Then, suddenly, his eyes locked onto Jonah and froze.  Time seemed to stop too and Jonah tensed.  The dragon's pupils narrowed to thin black slits and Jonah, with muscles coiled tight as springs, flung himself backwards, narrowly escaping the dragon's fire for a second time.
As the flames engulfed the tree, Jonah twisted in the air and tried to land on his feet at the top of the escarpment.  The rocks, however, were icy and extremely slick.  His feet shot out from under him and he landed hard on his backside, driving the wind from his lungs.  As darkness began to gather at the edges of his vision, he realized he was sliding down the other side of the rock wall on which he had just landed and, as consciousness slipped away from him, he felt himself falling through the air.
Zoltan had blasted the tree and the entire rock face with fire.  The flames were scorching and the contents that he had spewed would probably burn for several hours.  This forced him to find another way to the top and gave the elf more precious time to escape.  Zoltan turned north and scrambled along the base of the cliff until he came to a spot where he could scale the wall.  There were several small trees at the base of the cliff, blocking his way.  In a fit of rage he snapped them off and flung them aside to clear a path for his ascent.
When Jonah slid off the back of the rocky mass that separated him from the dragon, he landed in a deep drift of snow on the other side.  The wet snow found its way into his cloak and tunic and the icy coldness pulled him back into the waking world.  He stumbled to his feet.  Above him, he could hear the roar of Zoltan's flames and the crackling and popping of the hemlock tree as the fires consumed it.  He knew he didn't have much time.  He climbed out of the drift and started running south and parallel with the wall.
The strange rocky landmass that separated him from the dragon also shielded him from the storm.  Because of this, Jonah realized, there would not be enough wind or snow to erase his tracks, and once Zoltan was on this side, it would be extremely difficult to hide from him.  He was about to despair when he came upon a narrow stream that disappeared into a small cave in the rock wall.
Jonah ran to the cave and started to crawl inside, but stopped.  He turned and looked at the tracks he had made through the snow and then he looked at the stream.  The water ran straight for about fifty yards and then disappeared around a bend of dense river cane.  He had an idea.  If it worked, he could get back on the road to the Twilight.  If it did not work, then he would die and, most likely, so would Amos and everyone else in their ill-fated party.
The memory of Amos lying on the cave floor, unable to transform and slowly dying, spurred Jonah into action.  He sprinted down the stream, being very careful to stay in the center of the water and not step on any rocks or sandy shoals.  As he rounded the bend, he heard another roar.  This was louder and much closer; the dragon had made his way to the top.
Zoltan walked to the edge and stared down at the snow covered ground on the other side.  He saw the place where the elf had landed and the tracks leading away from the drift would be easy enough to follow.  His stomach rumbled noisily as he folded his wings tightly to his sides and leapt down between the trees.  He followed the tracks in the snow all the way down to the stream.  The tracks lead to a small cave, where the stream disappeared into the rock wall.  Enraged that his prey had escaped into this narrow crevice, Zoltan blasted the entrance with fire and then began pulling great chunks of rock out of the wall.  He was determined to find this elf.
While Zoltan was busy digging into the cave, Jonah continued down the stream.  The main road crossed this stream several miles from where he encountered the dragon.  He wanted to get back onto the main road and put some distance between them.  Thank goodness he was alone when Zoltan attacked.  He shuddered to think what would have happened if Louise and the children had been along.
When he finally reached the bridge, he scrambled up the bank onto the main road and started running.  He was exhausted, but with his horse gone, he had no other choice but to run all the way to the Twilight.  His life depended on it.  Everyone's life depended on it.
As he trudged down the road, he thought to himself that things couldn't possibly get any worse.  Then, the blizzard began to intensify and the temperatures started to drop even more.  Cold, tired, and weary, Jonah pressed onward and vanished into the angry whiteness.

*****
CHAPTER 15
HEAD’EM OFF AT THE PASS

Louise whirled around.  "Casey?" she called.  "CASEY!  She was just here!"  Frantically she turned to Gob and Nob.  "Did either of you see where she went?"
"When you called us over to meet Mueller," Nob answered, "she stepped back, so we could see him.  I thought she was standing right behind us!"
"Do you think she wandered off?" Gob asked, peering into the dark tunnel.
"Heavens no, she would not wander off.  She's been terrified ever since she's seen that cave troll."
"Then it has to be gnomes," said Gob, placing his fists upon his hips and fixing Mueller with an angry glare, "and I'm not convinced this one here was not in on it!"
Ben laid his hand on Mueller's arm.  "Mueller, where's Casey?  Do you know what has happened to her?"
Mueller stood up and tied the tunic Ben had given him, tightly about his waist.  "No, I do not, but we know she did not fall into the river and we know she did not go outside.  The only place she could have gone was down into the caves."
"I just told you, she would not wander off like that," cried Louise.  Now there were four people to rescue.  She could feel the panic building in her chest.
"I know," said Mueller, "so, that leaves only one logical choice; she must have been taken."
"Who took her?  Gnomes?" asked Ben.
Mueller nodded.  "There is nothing else it could be.  It was probably a single Holedigger, two at the most.  If there would have been three, or more, they would have tried to overpower us all."
"Then we must go after her, at once," said Louise.
"Hold up," said Mueller.  "We'll never catch them by following them.  We need to take a shorter route and cut them off.  We'll have to surprise them too, to get her back unharmed, but we must hurry, so follow me."
"One sec," said Ben.  "We can't all go.  Someone has to stay here with Amos to keep the fire going.  We have to keep him warm and Jonah will need to brew the Faerie Oak tea when he returns.  That will have to be you, Grandma.  And Nob, you need to stay with Grandma and keep her safe until we get back.  Gob and I will go with Mueller."
Louise started to protest, but Ben stopped her.  "I'm very sorry, but there's no time to argue, Grandma.  We have to leave now.  Come on Gob.  Mueller, lead the way."
Louise watched helplessly as Ben and Gob followed their new gnome friend down into the tunnel.  As much as she hated to admit it, Ben was right.  Although he didn't come out and say it, she would have only slowed them down and they needed to move really fast if there were any hope of getting Casey back.  Also, someone did need to look after Amos and keep the fire going.
Nob reached up and gently took her by the arm and led her back to the fire, while the others hurried on their way.
"You watch after him, Gob," Louise yelled over her shoulder.  "If anything happens to him, I will pull your beard out by the roots and strangle you with it!"
"She sounded as if she meant that," Mueller marveled.
"She did," Gob grumbled, "and she will bloody do it too."
The gnome led them into the shadows where a narrow fissure opened into the cave wall.  These walls were lined with crystals and quartz, and the dazzling reflection of the torch light made the opening hard to discern.  Mueller instructed them to leave the torch and then slipped into the narrow opening.  Gob dubiously eyed the thin crack in the wall.  He removed his axe and tightened his belt as Ben squeezed through.  It was a tight fit for the stout dwarf, but he finally managed to get inside without having to suffer the indignity of getting stuck.
"How are we supposed to see in here?" Ben asked.
"One moment," Mueller answered.  They could hear the gnome rattling something around in the dark and then they heard him spit.  A pale green light blossomed in the gnome’s hand and softly lit the area around them.
"Wow," said Ben.
"These are rock busters.  If you need a light to see by, simply wet one of these rocks and it will shine for several hours.  The wetter the rock, the brighter the light," said Mueller, as he reached into a dark hole and retrieved a rather large sack.  He tied the sack at his waist and took the rock buster back from Ben.
"Why do you call them rock busters?" asked Gob.  "I'd think rocklights or glowrocks would be a more fitting name."
"They are called rock busters because, when you put a flame to them, they will explode.  They are used in the slave mines to blast new tunnels.  Let's walk and talk.  We must not let them get ahead of us."  Mueller started down the tunnel with Ben and Gob following along behind him.  The tunnel was very narrow, so they had to travel single file.  Mueller spoke over his shoulder as they walked.  "The Crystal Cave tunnel, where the Holediggers are traveling, curves in a great sweep before it joins a passage that will lead to the city, but this tunnel we are in is leading us in a straight line.  We will intersect the Crystal Cave Tunnel where it forks to the city.  As a matter of fact, this tunnel will actually cross right over the top of the one they are travelling in."
"Do you know a lot of secret tunnels?" Ben asked.
"Oh yes, I know ALL of the secrets of Kahzidar.  I have had many long years of hiding and sneaking about down here."
"Well, I hope you have a plan," Gob called from the rear.  "I have gone and left my blasted axe back at the cave entrance!"
"I do," Mueller replied.  "A very simple plan too, but the simple plans are always the best."
The three walked in single file, Ben and Gob following Mueller and his green glowing rock buster, until the gnome raised his hand and signaled for them to stop.  He held the rock buster out in front of him and pointed to a dark hole in the floor of the tunnel.
"This shaft angles down and comes out through an opening in the ceiling of the tunnel below us," said Mueller.  "I'll go first.  Ben, you come second.  I'll need your help to catch Gob."  Mueller laid the rock buster on the ground beside the hole and then jumped in, feet first.
"WAIT!" Gob cried.  He tried to grab the gnome before he disappeared into the hole, but he was not fast enough and watched helplessly as Mueller dropped into the murky shaft.
"What did he bloody mean about catching me?" Gob asked Ben.
"I don't know, but we can't ask him now.  Also, if you don't mind, please wait a few seconds before you jump in.  I don't want you landing on top of me."
"You are not seriously going to jump into that hole, are you?"
"We have no choice, Gob.  They have my sister!"
"Yes, yes, of course, you're right.  I still do not like it, though."
Instead of jumping into the hole as Mueller had done, Ben sat down on the edge of the opening and dangled his legs into the darkness.  With a gentle shove, he slid into the fissure and vanished.
Gob paced back and forth for a few seconds, nervously yanking on his beard.  Finally, he walked to the edge and peered down into the darkness.  It was pitch black.  Mueller had left the rock buster and Gob thought momentarily of tossing it down the shaft, so he could see what it looked like.  Then he imagined the rock coming through the ceiling and bonking Ben on the head, so he quickly dismissed the idea.  Finally, he screwed up some courage and lay down on the floor.  He scooted to the edge and eased over the rim, slowly lowering himself, until he was hanging by his fingers and his feet were dangling in space.
"Oh blast it," he grumbled.  Even though it was pitch black in the hole, Gob scrunched his eyes tightly shut and let go of the rim.  He fell a just a few feet and, almost immediately, the shaft curved beneath him, breaking his fall and sending him sliding down the smooth polished surface.  In a few seconds, the floor vanished beneath him and the poor dwarf plummeted through the air, his arms and legs flailing wildly.
Mueller had lit another rock buster and caught Ben when he fell through the crack in the ceiling, but when Gob fell through the fissure they were unable to catch hold of the panicky dwarf.  Fortunately, however, they did manage to cushion his fall and everyone made it down to the lower tunnel safely with no injuries.
"How far ahead of them are we?" Ben whispered.
"It's hard to tell.  It will depend on how fast they are traveling, but if I had to guess, I'd say they should be here in just a few minutes."
"Okay," said Gob, "what's your plan?"
Mueller handed the glowing rock buster to Ben and reached into his sack.  He pulled out a candle and handed that to Ben as well.  Then he reached beneath his tunic and tore a thin, ragged strip of fabric from his shirt and handed the dry brittle rag to Gob.  "Light this, quickly," he told the dwarf.
Gob dug the flint and steel from his pockets and promptly lit the rag.  Mueller took the candle back from Ben and used the burning rag to light the candle.
"Now, give me back the rock buster."
Ben handed the rock buster back to Mueller.  "What exactly are you planning on doing?" Ben asked.
"It's really quite simple, yet a very brilliant plan.  If they do not release Casey to us, I shall light the rock buster and blow us all up."
"WHAT?" cried Gob.  "That is the dumbest plan I have ever heard!"
"It's just a bluff.  I won't really blow us up.  If I have to light it, I will throw it behind them.  They will scramble to get away from it and we'll grab Casey."
"No, it's too dangerous."
"Look!  They're coming," said Ben.  "I see their torchlight."
"Give me that rock buster," said Gob, reaching for the gnome.
"You cannot have it," Mueller snapped, placing the rock buster behind his back and holding the candle up between him and Gob.
Gob glared angrily at the gnome.  "You are not going to light that rock buster.  You'll kill us all."
"I'm telling you, this plan will work!  Besides, YOU are not in charge here and YOU cannot tell me what to do, because I am no longer a Mudcrawler; I'm an Alderman!"  Mueller defiantly waggled the candle in front of the dwarf.
"Oh yeah," said Gob, through clenched teeth.
"Yeah," Mueller replied, still waving the candle in the dwarf's face.
Gob puffed on the candle and blew it out.
At that moment, Casey walked around the corner with two Holediggers behind her.  The Holediggers were each carrying a spear in one hand and a torch in the other.  Casey was looking down at the ground and crying.  Her hands were tied behind her back and her captors had gagged her to keep her from calling for help.  To make matters worse, the gnomes were carrying their spears backwards and they were goading Casey with the dull ends of the shafts.  Ben felt the anger rise in his chest and took a deep breath to calm himself.
When the Holediggers spotted the would-be rescuers, they yelled for Casey to halt.  Startled, Casey looked up and saw her brother and two companions.  The gnomes tried to grab her, but she was too fast.  She lunged forward and sprinted the short distance to her friends.  The Holediggers flipped their spears around and warily advanced on the intruders.
Ben quickly slipped out his hunting knife and sliced away the bonds on his sister's wrist.  Behind him, Mueller was untying the sack at his waist and Gob was rolling up his sleeves, a look of grim determination on his face and, maybe, a touch of eager anticipation.

*****
CHAPTER 16
HARRY AND BOBO

"Turn around and stick your hands up in the air, where we can see them," one of the Holediggers snarled, "or so help us, you will die where you stand."
"Harry," said Mueller, "is that you?"  Mueller walked past Ben to have a closer look at the Holediggers.
The gnome that Mueller had called Harry lowered his spear and raised his torch.  "Mueller?  Mueller Mudcrawler?  I thought you were dead!"
"No, I am very much alive, but I am no longer a Mudcrawler.  Who is with you?"
"It's me; Bobo.  Have you been restored?"
"No one has ever been restored under Ringwald's reign, Harry.  And no one has ever been advanced, either.  You know that!"
"If you are not a Mudcrawler, and you are not a Holedigger, then what are you?  Do not tell me you are now a Stonebreaker."
"I am an Alderman.  My name is Mueller Alderman."
"Alderman," Harry replied in a sarcastic tone.  "There are no Alderman gnomes.  Where did you get this name?"
"My friend," Mueller answered, pointing to Ben.  "My friend, Ben Alderman, gave me his name."
"Is this true," Harry asked Ben.
"Yes," Ben answered.  "Mueller is no longer a Mudcrawler.  He is my friend and I have given him my name.  We are starting a new group of gnomes; one that will be greater than the Stonebreakers.  Would you and Bobo be interested in joining us?  We would be much honored to have two such brave and fearless gnomes on our side."
"Why should we join you?  You are our prisoners."
"We are not your prisoners yet," Gob growled.
"Gob," Ben whispered, "I have a plan, so be quiet and let me handle this."
The dwarf nodded, but grumbled something under his breath and stared angrily past Ben at the two gnomes.  Ben turned his attention back to the Holediggers.
"You should join us, because I will give you my name too and you will become Alderman gnomes, like Mueller."
"Ha!  What is so great about Alderman gnomes," ask Bobo.  "It appears that Mueller is the only one."
"Like Ben has said," Mueller answered, with his chin pointed defiantly in the air, "the Alderman gnomes will be greater than the Stonebreakers,"
"Always the dreamer," said Harry, shaking his head.  "But this is amusing.  Let's pretend that you are able to get other gnomes to accept this name.  What makes you think the Aldermans are going to be greater than the Stonebreakers?"
"The Aldermans are going to be free gnomes," Ben answered.
"Free?"
"Yes, free.  Free to come and go as they please, free to do whatever they want to do, to be whatever they want to be."
"Ringwald, our king, will never allow it."
"Your king will not have a choice if your people rise up against him.  In the land where I come from, the people grew tired of their king and wanted to be free.  They wanted it bad enough to fight for it and they love it well enough to die for it."
"And the people in your land are now free?"
"They are free and everyone is equal.  That is how the Aldermans will be."
"If your king is gone, then you have no leader?"
"No, we have a leader.  Our leader is called a president," Ben answered.
"Aha," said Bobo.  "So you are not free!"
"We have laws that we have to obey, but as long as we live within the boundaries of those laws, we are free."  Ben could tell that he had touched upon a point of contention and pressed onward.  "Our president is chosen by the people and he only gets to be the president for four years.  If he is a good leader, and if the people like him, they can choose him to be their president for another four years, but after that he has to quit and the people have to choose someone else."
"Your people can choose anyone they want to be their leader?" asked Harry, incredulously.
"There are some basic qualifications for being a president and there are guidelines in choosing one, but yes, our people can choose their own leaders and make their own laws.  It's called democracy."
"Join us, guys," Mueller pleaded.  "You both know that Ringwald is insane.  You both know that Holediggers are just as much slaves to the Stonebreakers as Mudcrawlers.  It's time for a change."
The two Holediggers looked at each other.  Ben could tell they were wavering, so he gave them something else to consider.  "You probably assumed the storm forced us to seek shelter in your cave, but that's not why we are here.  There is an elf and a dwarf who are lost in Kahzidar and they may be carrying the staff of Merlin.  They are our friends and we came here to rescue them.  We also very desperately need to get our hands on Merlin's staff."
"Why is it you need the staff?" asked Harry.
"And what are your plans with it?" Bobo added.
"You have obviously heard of Merlin, but have you also heard of Zoltan; the black dragon from Crag?"
"We know of Zoltan and we have heard the stories of Merlin and his battle with the dragon.  What has this to do with the staff?"
"Zoltan has been wakened and seeks the staff.  In three days he will return to the Twilight and, if we do not have the staff for him, he will destroy the Twilight and all those within it."
"That is grim news indeed," said Harry.  "What does the dragon want with the staff, I wonder?"
"Zoltan was afraid of Merlin.  When he sneaked into Camelot, from Crag, he could sense the power in the wizard and fled into the northlands where he could grow and mature into adulthood.  When he was confident in his strength, he returned to the Twilight and challenged the wizard.  Merlin cast a sleep spell on the dragon and used the spell catcher on the end of his staff to maintain the spell."
"But Merlin is many years gone from Camelot."
"Yes, but Zoltan is afraid that someone else might learn how to use the spell catcher on Merlin's staff.  And he may be right; we might actually need the staff to defeat him.  One thing's for sure; if Ringwald gets that staff, Zoltan will destroy everything above ground and there will never be another opportunity to change things down here in Kahzidar."
"Could Ringwald unlock the power of the staff?" asked Harry.
"I don't know," Ben answered.  "Seems like you would need to be a wizard, but I really just don't know.  I suppose it's possible."
After a moment of silence, Harry spoke.  "Let us talk privately."
Ben nodded.  The two Holediggers retreated back into the tunnel and talked in hushed voices.  They quickly reached an agreement and returned.
"We will accept your offer," said Harry.  "Ringwald is insane and must be removed.  "There are many others who will agree," Bobo added, "and it will take very little persuading to convince them to join us."
  "We know of your friends, too," said Harry.  "It is the talk of Kahzidar.  Ringwald has them imprisoned in his home in the upper city.  He has Merlin's staff as well.  He believes that if he can unlock the secret of Merlin's staff, that he will gain Merlin's powers.  He is truly insane."
Once the alliance was formed, Mueller formally introduced everyone and Harry and Bobo offered their humble apologies to Casey.  Curious, Ben asked them how they came about the names of Harry and Bobo.  Harry explained that gnomes are allowed to choose their calling name and often chose the calling names of sunlighters, the people who lived above ground.
Gob had politely remained quiet throughout the introductions, but after hearing of Hob's imprisonment, he could hold his tongue no longer.  "Enough of these pleasantries, we haven't any more time to spare!  Will you help us rescue our friends and retrieve the staff?"
"Yes, that we will," Harry answered.  "We will go to the slave mines and speak to the Holediggers that oversee the Mudcrawlers.  There is already an underground movement among the Holediggers to remove Ringwald.  This movement has been spreading quietly, but is like a great field of dry sticks and straw; harmless and useless.  However, Ben Alderman is a flame that will set this field on fire.  Ben's talk of freedom will fan the flames of this revolution, and the Mudcrawlers and Holediggers will unite together and rise up against the Stonebreakers."
"That's all well and good," said Gob, "but how will that get our friends back?"
"Your friends are safe in their prison cell.  They are also at the top of the city.  Any fighting will take place in the lower levels.  When we take the city, we will make certain your friends are returned to you unharmed."
Ben turned to Gob.  "You have to take Casey back.  If there's going to be any fighting, I don't want her around.  Besides, if anyone tries to flee through the Crystal Cave, Nob will need your help."
Gob nodded.  Casey threw her arms around her brother's neck and squeezed.  "Please be careful, Ben."  She turned to the three gnomes.  "Don't you dare let anything happen to him."
"We will keep him safe," Mueller promised.  He has to bestow his name on thousands of gnomes tonight and he has much to teach us about this thing called democracy."
Gob gave Ben a quick embrace and grudgingly thanked Mueller as the gnome handed him a rock buster to light his way.  Gob spat on the rock and rubbed it until it began to emit a soft green light.  "Which way is the city?"
Mueller pointed to the tunnel behind him that forked to the right.  "Straight down this corridor, take the first right, then take the second left."
"We will wait for you at the cave entrance," said Gob.  "If you are not back by the time Jonah returns, we will come looking for you."
Ben watched Gob and Casey disappear into the darkness.  Eventually, all he could see was the bobbing green light that Gob was carrying.  He watched the light until it winked out as they rounded the corner and then he turned to the three gnomes.  "Okay, what's your plan?"
"We need to get down to the slave mines," answered Harry, "and the only way to get there is by the elevators in the main shaft."
"Let's get moving then!"
"I'm afraid it's not that simple.  These elevators are located in the lower city and they are always guarded.  We will have to pretend that you are our prisoner and that we are taking you there.  You must act frightened.  Keep your head down, do not look at anyone, and do not speak to anyone.  Can you do that?"
Ben nodded.
"That will get us into the slave mines," said Bobo, "but how will we sneak Ben to the driver's quarters?  They process the slaves as soon as they step off the elevator."
"Hmmmm, that will be a problem," said Harry.
"Even if we manage to sneak him to the driver's quarters undetected, how do we get back out?  There are thousands of Mudcrawlers and Holediggers down there.  The guards that operate the elevators are Stonebreakers.  They will not raise the elevators for us and even if they would, it would take forever to move that many gnomes.  Ringwald only has to defend the elevators to keep the city."
"I know another way in and out of the slave mines," said Mueller, "and I can lead us from the mines, all the way to the upper levels of the city, undetected."
"That's impossible," said Bobo.  "The elevators are the ONLY way out of the slave mines."
"How do you think I got here, Bobo?  Think about it!"
"Oh!  That never occurred to me.  Okay, I see your point.  Can you get us to the driver's quarters?"
The Holediggers that worked in the slave mines were called drivers.  Each driver had one hundred Mudcrawlers in his pod and was responsible for keeping his pod healthy, so they could meet their daily quota of precious gems and metals.  Everything taken from the mines was loaded onto the elevators and hauled up to the city.  Once in the city, Ringwald's elite personal guard would take the cargo from the drivers and deliver it to Kahzidar's treasury.
"I can get us there," Mueller replied confidently.  "But, first, we have some very important business to take care of."
"What?" asked Harry.
"You'll see," Mueller smiled.  "Ben, are you ready?"

*****
CHAPTER 17
THROUGH THE TUNNEL

Once he was back on the road, Jonah picked up his pace and ran.  Elves are very light footed and at the rate the snow was falling, he was certain he would leave no tracks for Zoltan to follow.  However, after two very close calls, he wanted to put as much distance as possible between himself and the dragon.  Memories, still fresh in his memory, of the enraged, hungry beast devouring his horse spurred him on even faster.
Despite the storm, he was able to keep up a swift pace for a good while.  The storm, in fact, actually helped speed him along, with its gale force winds blowing into his back and pushing him down the road.  Soon, however, his luck ran out; the road turned and the winds shifted.  The storm now seemed bent on stopping him and continued to mount in strength and fury.  Eventually, the brute force of the winds, assaulting him head on, made running impossible.  Jonah, stooped and bowed against the onslaught, trudged wearily onward through the deepening snow.  Even with his keen elfin vision, he could only see just a few yards ahead him.  He could not tell where he was or where he needed to leave the main road, so he relied on instinct.
When he finally did leave the main road, he struck out across a great field.  The only reason he knew it was a field was because he simply did not encounter any trees as he stumbled on blindly through the tempest.  Here, in this wide open space, with the constant howl of the storm, the numbing cold and ever present darkness, Jonah lost all track of time.  Seconds accumulated into minutes.  Minutes slowly slipped by and turned into hours.  How many hours had passed since he left the cave?  Surely morning was not too far off.  If only there was some way to mark the passage of time, then he might be able to judge how far he had traveled and how far he still had to go.  But there was nothing; nothing but flying, stinging bits of snow and the bitterly cold wind.  His feet and hands were frozen and the coldness had penetrated to his very bones.  Did he leave the main road too early?  Or had he gone too far and passed the Twilight entirely?  Weary beyond measure, he was about to despair and abandon hope, and the Faerie Oak forest suddenly loomed before him.  He was home.
The Faerie Oaks were laden with snow and their branches bent beneath the weight of the storm's deposit.  Deep drifts piled up along the edges of the forest, while eddies of snow swirled between the ice encrusted trunks.  Jonah stepped forward.  The Faerie Oaks raised their heavy limbs, forming a passageway into the forest, and shook the snow from their branches.  They pulled their roots from the frozen earth and used them to brush the snow off the pathway.  Wearily, Jonah reached up and plucked a handful of leaves from the nearest tree.  He shoved the leaves into his pockets and then collapsed.
Back at the castle, all outside preparations for capturing the dragon were being suspended until the storm passed.  Great slabs of granite had been positioned along the outside wall, near the gate tower, and thick iron rings had been driven deep inside them.  Catapults, for launching the chains, were being constructed within the concealment of the forest and were very near completion.  The Faerie Oaks had pulled close together to form a barrier against the wind so that the elves and dwarves could continue working through the storm.  However, the storm had finally become strong enough to force everyone inside.
As the last few workers were filing out of the forest, one of the Faerie Oaks reached out from the ground with its roots and grabbed the elfin worker in the rear of the line.  Startled, the elf tried to loosen himself, but the tree held him fast.  He commanded the tree to release him, but the tree would not respond.  The elf's name was Loren.  Frustrated, he called out to the other workers, but they were almost to the castle gates and could not hear him over the shrieking wind.  He reached down and scooped up a handful of snow and quickly crafted it into a small, hard ball of ice.  Taking careful aim, he hurled the snowball at the elf in the rear and hit him squarely in the back of the head.  It was his friend Baylor.  Loren frantically motioned for him to come back.
"What's going on?" Baylor yelled over the wind.
Loren pointed to his ankle.  A thick vine-like section of root protruded though the snow and wound itself several times around the elf's ankle.  "I cannot free myself," Loren shouted.
As Baylor was trying to free his friend, another root shot out from the snow and grabbed him by the ankle.  Now, both of the elves were trapped.
"What's the meaning of this?"
"I think we are getting ready to find out," Loren answered, pointing into the trees.  "Look!  Something is coming!"
A tunnel had opened through the forest and, though it was dark, the elves could see a snow crested wave of writhing, twisting roots racing down the passageway.  Something was riding on top of this wave, but it was too dark for either of them to discern what it might be.
The roots that were holding the two elves captive released their hold and disappeared back into the ground.  Transfixed by what was taking place, the two elves watched in fascination as the wave bore down on them.  As it neared, it gradually subsided to a ripple that was just barely visible beneath the snow.  When this strange wave, formed by the roots of the Faerie Oaks, finally reached the elves it gently deposited a lifeless body on the ground before them.  The roots then disappeared into the snow, retreating back into the cold hard earth, and the tunnel closed as the trees repositioned themselves and lowered their limbs.
The man was lying face down in the snow.  Loren bent over him and gently rolled him over onto his back.  Both elves gasped.
"It's Jonah," Baylor cried, "and I cannot feel his life force!  Is he dead?"
"No, he is not dead," said Loren, "Quickly, now.  Let's get him inside."
The two elves picked their friend up and rushed him inside the castle keep, where fires were burning on every hearth inside the great hall.  They gently laid Jonah down upon a fleece rug and called for warm blankets and dry clothing.  While they removed his ice encrusted wet tunic, they sent another elf to bring the Keeper.
When Marcus arrived, he found Jonah sitting up and warming himself by one of the blazing fires.  He was now dressed in dry clothes and wrapped snuggly in woolen blankets.  Loren was making him drink hot tea as well.  Seeing Jonah here, alone, startled the Keeper.  Where were the others?  Did the storm catch them?  Or was it something worse?  Was it possible that he missed something when he looked into their future?  Was there a path in their journey he was unable to divine?  Or was it Zoltan?  All events that occurred, where the dragon was concerned, were hidden from him.  His stomach churned at the thought of anything happening to Louise and the children.  They would not have gone on this mission if he had said nothing.  Nervously he approached Loren and took the elf by the arm.
"Is he okay?"
Loren nodded as Jonah stood up and threw the blankets off.  "I am weary, but I am okay.  Our friends are in need of help and we are sorely pressed for time."
"What has happened?  Where are they?  Are Louise and the children safe?"
"All were safe when I left them," Jonah answered, "except for Amos.  We made it to the Crystal Cave soon after the storm began."  He told Marcus of their ill-fated encounter with the cave troll and of the deadly bite Amos received from the troll.  He picked up his cloak, which was drying before the fire, and pulled the Faerie Oak leaves from the pocket.  "He hasn't much time, so we must hurry."
"Come with me," Marcus motioned to Jonah.  As they were leaving, Marcus called over his shoulder to Loren.  "The storm is beginning to taper off.  After everyone has eaten, take some men and go to the smithies to get the chains and hooks.  They are ready."
On the way to the Keeper's study, Jonah finished his story by recounting his near fatal encounter with Zoltan.  "...and so, we dare not bring them back overland.  It is far too dangerous."
"I agree.  We will use the tunnels," said Marcus, opening the door and inviting Jonah to enter.  The Keeper pointed to a kettle sitting on the mantle.  "Brew the Faerie Oak tea now.  The water in that kettle is still hot."
Jonah opened the small brass kettle and crumbled the leaves into the steaming water.  The room was instantly filled with the smell of oranges.  Jonah felt the stress and tiredness melt away from his body as he inhaled the fruity aroma.
While Jonah was preparing the tea, Marcus fetched an old wooden crate from a nearby shelf and, very reverently, sat it on top of the table.  When he removed the lid, a soft white nimbus radiated from within.
Jonah sat the kettle down on the table.  He pulled Casey's necklace from his pocket and laid it on the table beside the tea pot.  "Here is Casey's spell catcher.  The tea is ready too."
Marcus nodded.  He handed Jonah a unicorn horn and placed another one on the table.  He then put the remaining horns into a leather sack and tied it securely to his waist.
"Twelve horns," said Jonah.  "You and I, Gabriel, Amos, Louise, Ben, Casey, Hob, Gob, and Nob.  That's ten.  That leaves only two horns to bring back horses.  That's not enough."
"I can keep the pathway open long enough to make two trips.  Are you ready?"
Jonah nodded.
"Let's open the pathway in the great hall.  I do not think that Old Dan will fit inside of my study."  Marcus slipped the spell catcher and the unicorn horn into his pocket, and Jonah, with tea pot in one hand and unicorn horn in the other hand, followed the Keeper out of his study.
Back in the great hall, Marcus ordered some guards to watch over the entrance and summoned some elves from the stables to tend to the horses when they came through.  Once the guards were in place, he pulled the unicorn horn and the spell catcher from his pocket.  Holding the objects over his head, he spoke a word of magic and a black hole appeared before him.  Viewed from the front and rear, the hole appeared to be approximately six feet in diameter and hovered a few inches off the floor.  However, when viewed from either side it was paper thin.  "Are you ready?" the Keeper asked.
Jonah held up his horn and the tea kettle full of Faerie Oak tea.
"Then, follow me," said Marcus, as he stepped into the black hole and vanished.
Jonah followed closely on the Keeper's heels.  When he entered the tunnel, the dark engulfed him.  This tunnel was darker than the deepest tunnels in Kahzidar and colder too.  Above him, below him, and all around him was total darkness.  There were no walls that he could discern, no ceiling, and no floor, just a vast empty void; except for directly ahead of him.  There, just past the Keeper, he could see through the opening into the Crystal Cave.  He could see the flames dancing in the fire and the lights from the fire flickering off the quartz in the cave walls.  He could see Louise and Casey tending to Amos while Gob and Nob kept a watchful guard over their friends.  He could see past the fire, down into the tunnel and he could even make out the horses standing just at the edge of the firelight.  A lump rose in his throat and he tried to swallow the fear that was rising up from his chest.  Ben was not there!
Somehow, in some way that Jonah did not quite understand, Ben was a critical member of this party.  The Keeper had even said the success of this mission depended on Louise and the children going along.  "Where was Ben?" he wondered.

*****
CHAPTER 18
THE NAMING

“Now, you need to give them your name,” said Mueller.
“Oh, sure” said Ben.  To begin with, he felt rather silly naming the gnomes.  That they were making such a big deal out of the whole thing just made matters worse. However, the gnomes obviously attached great importance to a name, so Ben was as solemn and as reverent as possible when he bestowed his last name upon Harry and Bobo.  He decided to include Mueller in this makeshift ceremony too and began with him.
“I need all three of you to kneel down on one knee.”
When the gnomes were in position, Ben stood before Mueller and unsheathed his hunting knife.  “Mueller, do you promise to defend your newfound freedom and to faithfully uphold the laws of the new and liberated Kahzidar?”
“I do,” Mueller answered.
“Then, I here by name you Mueller Alderman, a free gnome of Kahzidar,” said Ben.  He tapped Mueller twice on each shoulder with his knife.  “Rise up and, umm… be free.”
Ben quickly performed the ceremony on Harry and Bobo.  When he was finished, one thing was certain; the three Alderman gnomes standing before him were different now.  He could see the hunger for true freedom in their eyes and the determination to achieve it in the way they set their jaws.  He could also tell that they would now do anything for him.  Now he had three insiders to help him rescue his friends and possibly many more.  Things were finally beginning to look up.  “Okay,” he asked them, “what’s our plan?”
“As I said,” Harry answered, “there is already an underground movement, among the Holediggers, to remove Ringwald.  Bobo will go into the city and spread the word among the dissenters that the overthrow is taking place tonight.  While he is doing that, we will descend into the mines and rally the Holediggers and Mudcrawlers down there.  When the rebels from the mines arrive in the city, they will go straight to the elevators and secure them first.  We cannot let the elevators get destroyed; we must capture them in working order.  The ones that are already stationed in the city will attack the upper levels as soon as the skirmishes break out at the elevators.  The Stonebreakers will be busy defending their homes and we should be able to capture the elevators and start bringing up the rest of the Mudcrawlers.”
“That sounds like a good plan,” said Ben.
“It is," Bobo interrupted, with much excitement in his voice.  "And if I may take my leave, then I’d better be on my way.  I have many Holediggers to speak with tonight.”
“Tell everyone to watch for the skirmish at the elevators. When those start, begin your attacks at once.” reminded Harry.
Bobo nodded and set off down the tunnel, toward the city, at a brisk trot.
Harry turned to Mueller.  “It has begun.  Lead us to the slave mines, we have much to do.”
Mueller told Harry to extinguish his torch and to follow quietly. The torch, he explained, was too bright and smoky. They would travel, instead, by the dim glow of a rock buster.  Mueller led them down the twisting tunnels, to the left, away from the city.  Eventually, the tunnel opened up into a wide space, where the river from the Crystal Cave, up above them, spilled over a high ledge into a dark lake.  “Go slowly and carefully from this point; the way is slippery,” said Mueller.
They followed him onto a narrow shelf of rock that disappeared behind the waterfall.  The path was extremely slick and everyone had to press their backs to the rock wall and slowly shuffle their feet to make the crossing without slipping.  Once behind the waterfall the path began to descend rapidly.
“I hope we don’t have to come back this way,” Ben remarked.  “I’ll be too pooped to even stand up straight.”
“I’m afraid there are only two ways,” said Mueller.  “This one we are taking now and the elevators.  We will bring the Holedigger converts back this way.  They are healthier and stronger than the Mudcrawlers.  When we reach the city, and capture the elevators, we can begin bringing up the Mudcrawlers.  We’ll have to divide our forces between guarding the elevators and attacking the city.”
“Is it a good idea to divide our forces?”
“The only ones who will stand with Ringwald are the Stonebreakers and the Holediggers outnumber them two to one,” Harry answered.  “They will probably flee the city.”
“So there may not be any bloodshed?”
“That is what we are hoping.”
"Good," said Ben, "I really don't want anyone to get hurt."
It took them a good hour’s march to reach the slave mines.  Mueller’s secret passage led them to a small crack in the wall of the great gorge, hundreds of feet below the city.  They slipped through this crack and darted into the shadows of the giant boulders that littered the stone floor of this subterranean canyon.  The basin was also riddled with deep rifts and pits, where fires burned brightly and cast eerie orange shadows on the black stone walls.
“Where to now,” Ben whispered?
“This canyon is round,” Harry answered.  “There are wide tunnels, spaced all the way around the canyon like spokes on a wheel.  These tunnels lead into various sections of the mines and at the head of each tunnel are the driver’s quarters.  These driver's quarters are barracks that have been carved into the stone walls and the Holediggers that live there are called colonies.  There are twenty Holediggers in each colony; ten drivers and ten watchers.”
“How many tunnels are there?”
“There are twenty-four tunnels,” said Mueller, "and twenty-four colonies."
“That means there are four-hundred and eighty Holediggers, guarding over two-thousand Mudcrawlers,” said Ben.  “It seems that there are enough slaves to easily overpower the guards and escape.”
“Oh, Ringwald has certainly thought of that.  When sunlighters and gnomes are brought to the mines, they are told that if they ever try to escape, their families will be sought out and destroyed.”
“Besides that,” said Harry, “everyone thinks the only way back to the city is by the elevators.  If the Mudcrawlers did take over the mines, Ringwald would simply cut the ropes that lift the elevators and starve everyone to death.”
“Are we going to go to each barrack?” asked Ben.  “That will take too long.”
“No.  You and Mueller make your way to that large flat rock in the center of the canyon and hide there, in the shadows.  I'm going to my barracks which is in that direction," said Harry, pointing across the canyon, to the left of the center rock, "and then to Bobo's barracks.  His tunnel is right next to mine."
"Then what?" asked Ben.
"All of the gnomes in my colony, and in Bobo's colony, are part of the underground movement.  Actually, all of the Holediggers that are stationed down here are part of the movement, but I want to have more than two gnomes by your side when you give your speech."
"Speech?" said Ben.  "You never said anything about a speech!"
"Nothing fancy; just talk about freedom and a liberated Kahzidar.  Then offer your name to anyone who will join the cause.  Do a ceremony just like you did with us."
"Don't worry," said Mueller, "you'll do great.  You have a natural gift for leadership."
"We'd better get moving.  Watch for a light.  When you see the light, you and Mueller climb up on the rock and wait for us.  I'll introduce you and then you do your part.  Once everyone has been named, we'll send one gnome to each of the remaining barracks to bring them back to this location, where you will speak once more and do one final naming before we leave."
Ben checked his watch.  It was well after midnight and it looked like there was no rest in sight.  He wondered how Amos was doing and how close Jonah was to the Twilight.  He hoped the storm was not too much for him.  He also worried about his sister and his Grandma too, but he knew that Gob and Nob would protect them with their lives.  Half an hour later, a torch flared brightly on the other side of the canyon.
"There's the light," said Mueller.  "Let's climb up."
The rock was only about six feet high and Ben and Mueller were able to scale it easily, even in the dark.  Once on top, they watched the torch weave and bob as the Holediggers in Harry and Bobo's colonies made their way across the rock cluttered canyon floor.  Soon, thirty-nine gnomes were assembled below them.  Harry handed the torch up to Mueller, so that everyone could see Ben clearly.  Mueller held the torch up and motioned for Ben to step forward and begin.  
Ben swallowed.  The lump in his throat would not go away and his palms were beginning to sweat.  However, after a brief introduction from Harry, he eased up to the edge of the rock and cleared his throat.
"Hello.  My name is Ben.  Ben Alderman.  I come from a faraway place; a place called The United States of America.  It is also known as the land of the free and the home of the brave, but that freedom was not given to us; we had to fight for it and earn it.  Yet, even after our country gained its freedom, many people there still kept slaves, even though others believed it was wrong.  There were other problems too and, eventually, the country became so divided that the two sides went to war with each other.  It was a long and terrible war.  Thousands and thousands of people died."
All eyes were on him now and every gnome appeared to be intensely focused on what he was saying.  He wiped his palms on the seat of his pants and continued.
"Our leader then, a great man named Abraham Lincoln, was one of those people who believed that slavery was wrong and that all people should be free.  He delivered a famous speech, called The Gettysburg Address.  I had to memorize that speech in school and I would like to share it with you now...

Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether that nation, or any nation so conceived and so dedicated, can long endure. We are met on a great battle-field of that war. We have come to dedicate a portion of that field, as a final resting place for those who here gave their lives that that nation might live. It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this.
But, in a larger sense, we can not dedicate -- we can not consecrate -- we can not hallow -- this ground. The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here, have consecrated it, far above our poor power to add or detract. The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here. It is for us the living, rather, to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced. It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us -- that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion -- that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain -- that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom -- and that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth."

At the end of the speech, Ben paused and a soft murmur ran through the Holediggers assembled below him.  Mueller leaned over and whispered into his ear, "You're doing great, don't stop.  Get on with the naming."
Ben took a deep breath and held his hands up for silence.  The Holediggers edged closer to the rock to hear what he would say next.
"And so, if there are any here who are ready to give their last full measure of devotion, so that Kahzidar may have a new birth of freedom, then kneel down and receive your naming."
All nineteen gnomes from Harry's colony and all nineteen from Bobo's knelt as one.  Ben drew his knife and brandished it above their heads.  "I hear by name you Alderman gnomes, and may the government you establish of the gnomes, by the gnomes, and for the gnomes, never perish."
A great cry went up from the gnomes as they leapt to their feet.  The fire had been lit.  The revolution had finally begun.

*****
CHAPTER 19
REVOLUTION

It took two hours to assemble all of the Holediggers from the other colonies and complete the naming ceremony.  Mueller and Harry insisted that Ben give the exact same speech he gave before.  Apparently, the Gettysburg Address really resonated with the gnomes and ignited something in their spirits that would not be easily quenched.  By the end of the naming ceremony, they were ready to do anything for their freedom.  They would have marched out into the blizzard and fought against Zoltan with sticks and rocks if Ben would have asked them to do so.
Harry instructed each of the drivers to get their colony ready for the long march back to the city.  He also selected five gnomes to stay behind to begin freeing the Mudcrawlers from their cells and to begin making preparations for the evacuation.  Once they were underway, it took some time for all of the newly named Alderman gnomes to slip through the tiny crevice and begin the long ascent, in single file, to the main tunnel at the top of the mines.  By the time they reached the main tunnel, leading into the city, Ben was exhausted.
"You needn't come with us, now," said Mueller.  "You have done your part.  This tunnel leads back to the Crystal Cave.  Go and be with your family and friends."
"No, I've come this far, I'm going to see it through.  Besides the reason I came to begin with was to rescue two of my friends.  Remember?"
"We will rescue your friends and deliver them to you at the Crystal Cave entrance."
"What about the naming?  Won't I have to do another naming for the rest of the gnomes?"
"Oh, you are right!  Okay, then, it will be as you wish.  We would all be much honored to have you with us when we take the city and we do need you for the final naming, but I am terribly afraid that if anything happened to you, your Grandma would flail the skin off my back.  Therefore, I'm going to ask you to stay near me and stay out of the fighting.  Will you do that?"
"I thought you said there probably wouldn't be any fighting."
"Probably not, but let's play it safe."
Ben nodded.  He was too small to do any fighting anyway.  Not to mention, he didn't know how to fight.  Mueller called for everyone's attention.  Luckily, the main tunnel was large and roomy, but it was still crowded and everyone had to be still and quiet to hear what he was saying.
"Listen up!" Mueller called.  "Here's our plan.  We have all twenty-four colonies here.  Not counting the five gnomes that stayed behind to organize the evacuation, we have four-hundred and seventy-five gnomes here and the group that Bobo is getting ready will put our numbers near a thousand.  Harry will take colonies one through twenty down the main tunnel, straight into the city.  When you get to the city, colonies one through five will take over the elevators and start bringing up the Mudcrawlers.  The remaining colonies will ascend into the city to aid Bobo and the other Holediggers in driving out the Stonebreakers.  I'll take twenty-one through twenty-four to the upper levels.  We'll travel through one of my secret tunnels and while the Stonebreakers are fleeing, or fighting, colony twenty-one will rescue Ben's friends, while twenty-two through twenty-four will go after Ringwald."
"What are we supposed to do with prisoners?" asked Harry.
"If a Stonebreaker surrenders, tell them to report to the coliseum and await further instructions."
"That's it?" asked Ben, incredulously.  "Just report to detention and await further instructions?  How do you know they will not start fighting again?"
"Because they have surrendered," Mueller answered, as if he were stating an obvious fact.  "There are some rules that cannot be broken.  Once you have surrendered in a war, your enemy may not harm you, nor may you take up arms against him.  That's one of them.  It is as simple as that."
"And if they refuse to surrender?"
"Then they will die fighting.  I'm sorry, but that is the way of it."
"We need to get moving," said Harry.
"You're right," Mueller answered.  "Colonies twenty-one through twenty-five," he yelled, "fall back to the rear."
"Good luck, Mueller.  Be sure to capture Ringwald alive.  He must stand trial and give an account for all of his crimes."
"I intend to see that he does," Mueller snarled, "I intend to see that he does."
Harry turned and made his way through the crowd.  Once he had his everyone in formation, he began marching them down the tunnel, toward the city.  Mueller waited until the last gnome was out of sight and then signaled for the remaining gnomes to follow him.  He led them down the same tunnel, toward the city, and then turned off into a narrow side tunnel that led uphill and to the right of the main road.
"This is a dead-end," one of the gnomes behind him called out.
"Not quite," Mueller answered, holding the rock buster in his hand up high for all to see, "follow and you shall see."  When they reached the end of the tunnel, Mueller handed the rock buster to Ben and wormed his way through a small hole in the low hanging ceiling.  Ben heard him spit and in a few seconds another rock buster flared to life in the dark hole above him.  "Send everyone up," Mueller called down to Ben.
The five gnomes that had stayed behind to free the Mudcrawlers were from barracks twenty-one, so instead of eighty gnomes, they only had seventy-five in their ranks.  Still, it took a while for seventy-five gnomes to squeeze through the narrow hole in the roof of the tunnel.  Once the last gnome was through, Ben handed up his rock buster and scrambled up to join them.  This tunnel was also narrow, so as each gnome came through the hole, they had to immediately begin the steep climb to the upper levels of the city.  For this reason, Ben found himself bringing up the rear of the line.  When the tunnel finally opened into a cavern large enough for everyone to assemble in a group, Ben pushed his way through the crowd, searching for Mueller.  When he got to the front, he found Mueller and two other gnomes busily moving rocks that were piled against the wall.  As the pile diminished, a crudely fashioned arch materialized in the stone wall.  This archway was only about three feet high and appeared to be closed from the other side with wide planks.
"They have had time to reach the city," Harry remarked.
"Yes," Mueller answered, "I'm sure the battle is well under way.  Take your men through here and go after Ringwald.  This opens into the rear of a large storage vault that is no longer used.  The vault is two units left of Ringwald’s living quarters.  When you capture him, take him to the coliseum and wait for us.  When Ben performs his final naming, Kahzidar will be a free city!"
"Do you know where Ben's friends are located?"
"Actually, I do.  I've been a guest in Ringwald's so-called holding cells myself."
"Very well, then, let us be on our way.  I will see you at the coliseum."
Mueller and Harry slid the boards back from the opening and colonies twenty-two through twenty-five crawled through the archway.  The hunt for Ringwald was on.  Mueller waited until the last gnome in Harry's group had left the storage area, then led Ben and the remaining gnomes through the archway.
When they left the vault, they found the outer passages well lit and Ben gave his rock buster back to Mueller.  Just outside, they could hear the sounds of some nearby skirmishes; much shouting and the occasional clash of steel upon steel.  Fortunately, Mueller was able to lead them straight to Ringwald's holding cells without incidence.
The holding cells, or prison area, was in a hallway off the main foyer leading in to the royal palace quarters.  There were ten cell doors lining the hallway; five on each side.  All were dark except one.  Ben pushed past Mueller and ran toward the door.  He could see two figures, silhouetted against the bars from the light within the cell.  It was Gabriel and Hob.
"Ben?" said Hob.  "What are you doing here?"
"I've come to rescue you."
"How did you even know we were in trouble?"
"I actually came here quite by accident, but Gob and Nob were trying to find me to bring me here anyway, so things worked out."
"Gob and Nob are here too?"
"Yes, and so are Amos and Grandma."
"Where is old scar face?"
"Scar face?"
"Ringwald!  Has he been captured yet?"
"The Alderman gnomes are searching for him now.  There is an uprising in Kahzidar and his reign is over."
"The Alderman gnomes?" asked Gabriel.
"It is a bit of a long story," said Ben, "but they attach a great deal of importance to their surname.  I have given them my name and now they are fighting to liberate Kahzidar."
"Will wonders never cease," the elf said quietly, with a smile on his face.
"Do either of you have Merlin's staff?" Ben asked.
"No," Hob answered.  "Ringwald took it."
"What does Ringwald want with it?"
"He thinks he can unlock its secrets and become as powerful as Merlin."
"How did you know about the staff?" asked Gabriel.  The color drained from the elf's face.  "Has Zoltan been to the Twilight?"
"Yes, Zoltan paid a visit to the Twilight after he was wakened, but no one was harmed.  Oh, I almost forgot; he did burn some of the Faerie Oaks before he left."
Gabriel winced at this news and a look of pain shot across his face.  Elves love all things living and they loved the trees in the Twilight very dearly.
"How did everyone escape unharmed?"
"Zoltan landed on the castle wall and spoke directly to the Keeper.  He knows Merlin is dead and he wants the staff.  He gave us seven days to retrieve it."
"Or... what?"
"Or he'll destroy the Twilight and everyone in it."
"He'll do that anyway.  Has Marcus begun evacuations?"
"Yes, and I think he means to take the staff to Faerie, too, but he does have a plan to defeat Zoltan."
Suddenly, Mueller came running into the hallway, waving a set of keys over his head and yelling, "I found them!  I found them!"
Ben took the keys and unlocked the cell door.  He introduced Mueller to everyone and then quickly brought Gabriel and Hob up to date on the Keeper's plans.  He also told them about Amos' battle with the cave troll and Jonah's expedition back to the Twilight to get some leaves from the Faerie Oak trees.  Hob was overjoyed to learn that Gob and Nob were here and both he and Gabriel, while concerned about Amos, were looking forward to seeing Louise and Casey.
Ben let Mueller fill them in on the details of the revolution that was taking place and turned bright red when Mueller told them about the naming ceremonies he had performed and the big one that was waiting for him.  Hob stared at poor Ben with such open admiration that Ben thought his ears would catch fire if Mueller did not stop praising him.
"And so," Mueller finally concluded, "that's how things stand.  And, we need to get moving too," he added, "because I am anxious to see how things are progressing."
"Where to?" asked Gabriel.
"We are going to the coliseum.  That's where everyone is headed."
"What is taking place at the coliseum?"
"Ben will be performing a naming on the remaining Holediggers and Mudcrawlers.  All of the Stonebreakers that have been captured will be there too.  They will also be given the opportunity to join the new Kahzidar."
"What if we encounter fighting along the way?" Hob cried.  "I haven't a single weapon!"
"Nor I," said Gabriel.
"I really doubt we will encounter any fighting," said Mueller, "but we will look for your weapons before we leave.  They are probably nearby."
"Why do you think there will be no fighting?" asked Hob.
"Ringwald's descent into madness has isolated him from everyone, but his inner circle.  They will fight if cornered, but they are more likely to try to flee and escape judgment."
"Speaking of fighting," Gabriel remarked, "I don't hear anything."
"You're right," Mueller cried, "let's go see."
Mueller led the way back out into main foyer.  He was heading down the hallway, toward the balconies overlooking the city, and everyone was following him, except Hob.
When Ben noticed that Hob was not with them, he called out to the gnome.  "Hey, Mueller, hold up a sec."
"What is it?" Mueller asked.
"Hob is not with us!"
“He’s been acting strange ever since we started planning our trip to the Black Hills,” said Gabriel.  “Come, let’s fetch him before he gets into mischief.  He certainly has a knack for finding it.”
They raced back down the hallway to the main foyer and found Hob standing there, staring at a very strange round door.  All of the other doors were rectangular and unadorned, but this one was round with intricate designs etched on its surface.  The focal point of the door was a chest that was carved into the center.  Above this chest hovered a five pointed crown and, around the bottom of the chest, burned a ring of fire.
"Hob," said Gabriel, "what are you doing?"
"This door," Hob answered, "I have seen it before."
"You've been here previously?" asked Mueller.
"No, I've never been here, but I have seen this door.  What lies behind it?"
"I suspect that is the door that leads to the treasury of Kahzidar.  I have never seen it myself, but I have heard of it many times and that is the treasury seal upon the door."
"May we have a quick look?"
"If it is open, I suppose we have time to take a quick peek."
Hob turned the knob and pushed the door.  It slowly swung inward, revealing a dim and murky chamber.  The light from the foyer only penetrated a few feet into this darkness and no one could see what was in the room.
“Hand me a torch, quick!” said Hob.
Gabriel removed a torch from the wall and handed it to the dwarf.
“Now, wait here,” Hob instructed, as he turned and stepped into the dark room.  In a few seconds, the torch light spilling through the round opening dimmed for a brief moment and then flared into a brilliant light that made everyone cover their eyes.  Hob called for them to come inside and see.
This was indeed the treasury of Kahzidar.  The cavern was huge and, piled upon the floor in the center of the room, rising almost to the ceiling, was a vast horde of treasure.  It was a mountain of gold and silver, sparkling with diamonds, rubies, and many other precious jewels.
The brilliant flash of light they had seen earlier came from a large trench, full of burning oil that encircled the treasure.  Hob had set his torch to the oil when he entered the cavern and, now, the flames leapt high and made the mountain sparkle and shimmer with a brightness that rivaled the sun.
“This is it,” said Hob, in a dejected tone.  The dwarf’s shoulders were slumped and he looked as if he had just lost his best friend.
“What is it?” Ben asked.
“The vision the unicorn gave me; images of dragons and treasure.”  Hob opened his arms and held them wide as if to encompass the mountain of gold in front of him.  “This is a scene the unicorn showed me.  And all this while, I thought the creature was showing me the dragon’s treasure.”
“The unicorn showed us our heart’s desire,” said Ben.
“I know,” said Hob sadly.  “There is no dragon’s treasure.  There never was.  Just a greedy and lustful heart of a dwarf, and look what that has brought down upon us.  I think Gabriel chose wisely in declining the unicorn’s gift.”
Gabriel put his hand on Hob’s shoulder.  “Come now, what’s done is done and no one holds you to blame.  All that matters now, is that things are set straight and put to right.”
“Gabriel is right, Hob,” said Ben.  “We are all your friends and we love you.  We need you too, if we are ever going to get out of here and defeat Zoltan.”
Hob wiped his eyes on the back of his sleeve and then yanked sharply on his beard.  “Blasted fire and smoke have got my eyes all watering.  Well, why are you all standing around here staring at me for?  We’re not going to have a hug festival, let’s get moving!”
Gabriel smiled and winked at Ben and Mueller called out from the foyer, “Come on guys, Hob is right.  We need to get to the coliseum.”

*****

CHAPTER 20
THE CHALLENGE

Out on the platforms and walkways, the entire upper levels of the Kahzidar were still and eerily quiet.  With the exception of a few Holediggers who were rounding up some stray Stonebreakers, the city appeared empty and deserted.  However, down on the lower levels, the elevators were busy bringing up the Mudcrawlers from the mines and the entire area was packed and bustling with activity.  As soon as the Mudcrawlers stepped off the elevators they were directed into a line of gnomes that ran all the way down the rail tracks and disappeared into the tunnels.  Each time the elevators ascended from the slave mines, they were filled to capacity and the line down the rail tracks was moving very fast.  Mueller instructed half of the gnomes in colony twenty-one to fan out and help with the roundup of stray Stonebreakers.  The other half was directed to the elevators to help with the evacuation of the mines.  Ben marveled at how fast the gnomes were able to traverse the platforms and scale the ladders.  They looked like spiders scurrying across a web.
Once colony twenty-one was on its way, Mueller turned to address the others.  “Follow me and be very careful,” he instructed. “Gnomes are quite adept at climbing and I have heard that elves are too, but I have also heard that dwarves are not.”
Hob hitched his trousers up and tucked his beard into his tunic.  “I can do ANYTHING a bloody gnome can do,” he growled.  “You forget, we dwarves have been living underground for thousands of years.”
“Forgive me, Hob,” said Mueller.  “I meant no insult; I was only concerned for your safety.  What about you Ben?  Will you do okay on this?”
Ben peered out over the walkway.  It was a long, long way to the bottom.  He swallowed the lump that was rising in his throat and mumbled that he would be fine.
“Come along, then,” Mueller instructed.
The platforms were narrow, with no rails to keep one from falling, and the walls in which the city was carved were extremely steep.  Gabriel followed along behind Mueller and the other gnomes with no trouble.  Ben was a little shaky and followed along more slowly, but poor Hob had to hug the stone walls and shuffle along with his eyes closed.  At the end of each platform was a ladder that led to a lower platform.  They zigzagged back and forth across platforms, up and down many ladders, slowly making their way to the lower parts of the city.
When they finally descended the last ladder, Hob let out an audible sigh of relief and declared that it was a piece of cake.  The rails on the road at the bottom of the city were jammed with hundreds upon hundreds of Mudcrawlers, all of whom were moving at a steady pace, down into a nearby tunnel.
"Are they all going to the coliseum?" asked Ben.
"Yes," Mueller answered.
"Do you think the Holediggers have captured Ringwald?"
"I don't know for certain, but I suspect they have.  Come, let's head to the coliseum and find out."
When they tried to join the procession to the coliseum, one of the Mudcrawlers in line glanced up and recognition dawned in his eyes.  “Mueller?  Mueller Mudcrawler, is that you?”
“Lennie?”
“It is you!” the gnome shouted.  “I thought you were dead!  I saw you fall into the crevice with my own eyes!”
“Yes, I fell, but I did not die and my name is no longer Mueller Mudcrawler.”
Lennie looked at his old friend with a puzzled expression.  “What do you mean?  Have you been restored?”
“No, Lennie, you know as well as I do that no one has ever been restored.  I have a new name.  My new name is Mueller Alderman.”
“Alderman,” said Lennie.  “That is a good sounding name.  How did you come by it?”
“My friend gave it to me.  I am a free gnome now and so are you.”
“A free gnome?  I don’t understand.”
“You will,” Mueller smiled, clapping his old friend on the back.  “Everything will be explained at the coliseum.”
Mueller waved goodbye to Lennie as the swift moving line carried him away, and then he, Ben, Gabriel and Hob fell in line with the other Mudcrawlers to march to the coliseum.  Not all of the Mudcrawlers were gnomes.  Gabriel recognized the family that he saw lowered into the slave mines when he and Gob were first brought to the city.  They were still clinging to each other, but there was now a faint glimmer of hope in their eyes.
The coliseum turned out to be another large cavern, not too far distant from the city.  Seats were carved into the bowl-shaped stone walls and stretched from the ceiling, all the way down to the ground level several stories below.  On the ground floor, in the center of the arena, hundreds of captured Stonebreakers milled around, nervously fidgeting, and eyeing the growing crowd with a wary eye.  The lower levels, just above the arena floor, were filled with nearly three thousand Holediggers, all of them armed with spears and the short curved swords that all gnomes favor.  No wonder it was an easy victory; the Stonebreakers were far outnumbered and most of them simply surrendered without a fight.
The Mudcrawlers were being directed into the upper levels of the arena, but Mueller and his companions were pulled aside and led down to an elevated platform just above the Stonebreaker prisoners on the ground floor.  Harry, with a triumphant look of joy and happiness upon his face, was waiting there to greet them.
"It's over!" he cried.  "Kahzidar is free!"
"Do you have Ringwald?" Mueller asked.
"Yes, we have him and several of his most loyal followers who would not surrender.  We are not going to bring them out until the coliseum is full.  I want him to see and know that his entire kingdom is against him.  I want to see the look on his face when he realizes that, too."
The place was filling up fast, but it was so large that it would probably be another hour before every seat was occupied.  Harry led them to a wide cloth that had been laid on top of the platform.  Spread across this cloth, were meats, cheeses, hard breads, dried fruits, and tankards of cold water.  Ben and his companions were instructed to eat and rest before the ceremonies began.  Hob, still wary of gnomes, declined at first, but hunger finally overcame the dwarf and he loosened his belt and set to the food as if it were his last meal.  Ben however was not hungry and lay down on the cloth to take a short nap.  According to his watch, it was now 6:00 AM and he desperately needed some sleep.  As soon as he got comfortable and closed his eyes, Mueller started shaking him and calling his name.
"Ben, wake up.  It's time."
Ben sat up and rubbed his eyes.  It felt like he had sand in them.  He glanced at his watch and was shocked to find that he had slept almost two hours.  Hob and Gabriel helped him to his feet.  As he stretched and yawned, a gnome who was standing close behind him blew three loud blasts on a long, silver horn.  Startled, Ben jumped and any remnants of sleep that had been lingering behind were chased away as the last note on the horn reverberated throughout the coliseum.
The crowd quieted down as drummers positioned around the edges of the arena began to beat a slow and steady cadence on their drums, while a procession of gnomes gradually made its way across the arena floor.  The Stonebreakers who had surrendered, fell back to make room for the procession to pass.  A murmur began to run though the stands and the crowd angrily rose to their feet.  Someone booed.  Someone else joined them.  Then the booing spread; low at first, but quickly building into a deafening roar.  The Holediggers in the procession were leading out Ringwald and about two dozen of his loyal cronies.
Ben was afraid the crowd was going to turn into an unruly mob and that there would be bloodshed after all, but when Ringwald was standing at the base of the platform, below him, the drums ceased and the crowd, once more, began to quiet.  Mueller appeared at Ben's side and handed him a horn to speak in.
"This will amplify your voice enough for everyone to hear.  The acoustics in here are quite amazing."
"What shall I say," Ben asked.
"Congratulate everyone on their victory.  Talk about freedom and about how great Kahzidar shall become as a free nation.  Recite Abraham Lincoln’s words again!  Then, perform the naming ceremony and turn it over to Harry when you are finished."
"We have set up a temporary governing body of twenty-four gnomes," Harry explained.  "The Head Master of each of the twenty-four colonies from the slave mines will serve on this council until a more permanent government can be established."
"Along with some form of election," Mueller added.
"Of course," Harry laughed.  He clapped Mueller on the back and motioned for Ben to proceed.
"Here we go again," Ben thought to himself.  At least this would be the last time he had to perform this ceremony.  He racked his brain for something about freedom.  He didn't want to repeat the Gettysburg Address again.  He was so tired, he didn't know if he could even remember it now.  No, he needed something short and sweet.  Something that was simple and straight to the point.  Now that his friends were safe, he wanted to hurry and get back to the others too.  And once Amos was well, he planned to sleep around the clock.
He raised the horn to his mouth.  He couldn't think!  The entire kingdom of Kahzidar was waiting with bated breath to hear what he would say and he could not think of anything!  Sweat began to pop out on his forehead.  Think, he told himself.  Think! Think! Think!  And then suddenly, before he even realized what he was doing, he found himself shouting through the horn at the top of his lungs, "FREEEEEDOOOOMMMMMMMMM!!!!"
The coliseum erupted.  Gnomes were yelling, cheering, whooping, and crying.  Nothing else was needed.  Ben glanced down at Ringwald.  The ousted gnome king openly glared at him with hatred and malice.  When the excitement finally died down, Mueller appeared at Ben's side and took the horn from him.
“I was expecting another great speech.  Actually, I was hoping you would recite Lincoln once more; I don’t think I’ve ever heard such moving words before.  However, you have pulled it off again.  Nothing could have been better than that one word and the emotion with which you conveyed it.  Well done Ben!  Well done!”
“Well, it was not really my idea,” said Ben, sheepishly.  “I got the idea from a movie called Braveheart.”
“What’s a movie?” Mueller asked, with a puzzled expression.
“It’s a story,” Ben answered, “a story that is acted out with real people.”
“How interesting!  You shall have to tell me the story of this Braveheart one day, but for now, we need to get on with the ceremony.”  Mueller raised the horn to his mouth.  "Quiet please!  Everyone, please quiet down and be seated, we have one very important matter of business to attend to."  He waited a moment for everyone to sit, and then continued, "In Kahzidar, there have always been Stonebreakers, Holediggers, and Mudcrawlers, but today, there is a new name in Kahzidar and that name is Alderman.  It is a name that belongs to Ben and he has unselfishly given the name to those that would have it.  I was once a Holedigger and then a Mudcrawler, but I am now an Alderman; a free gnome of Kahzidar.  Who will abandon the old names and the old ways and become one of us, one of the free gnomes of Kahzidar?  Stand and be named!"
As one, every gnome in the coliseum stood.
"What about us?" one of the Stonebreakers cried out below.  "What will become of us?"
"Those that surrendered are welcome to join us," Harry answered, "but those that did not, shall be punished."
The Stonebreakers that had surrendered crowded around the base of the platform where Ben stood.  They were anxious to join the Alderman gnomes and called for Ben to begin the naming.  However, the Stonebreakers that remained loyal to Ringwald sneered at them and called them cowards and turncoats.
Mueller handed the horn back to Ben.  "It's all yours," he smiled.
Ben took the horn and raised it to his lips.  Before he could speak though, Ringwald screamed out loudly enough for everyone in the coliseum to hear him.
"I CALL FOR THE GNOME BONES TO SETTLE THIS DISPUTE TO MY AUTHORITY!"

*****
CHAPTER 21
GNOME BONES

A hush fell over the coliseum.  Ben turned to Mueller, who was standing behind him with a look of shock on his face.  Mueller walked to the edge of the platform and shouted down at Ringwald. 
"The old ways are over!  You cannot play the Gnome Bones."
"The final naming has not been performed," Ringwald sneered, "and all of those under the old names are under the old law."
Mueller turned back to Harry, who also looked stricken.
"He's right," Harry whispered.  "He can play the Gnome Bones."
"What's going on?" Ben asked.  "What are Gnome Bones?"
"It is an ancient game with many pieces, played on a field of many squares," Mueller answered.  "To challenge the throne, you must play the King a game of Gnome Bones.  Whoever wins becomes the rightful ruler of Kahzidar.  Whoever loses is executed.  Ringwald, however crazy he might be, is a master of Gnome Bones.  None have even challenged him in over twenty years."
"Do we have to go through with this?"
"Yes, I'm afraid we do.  It is a gnome ritual and custom that is older than Kahzidar.  Until we complete the naming ceremony, those under the old names are bound by the old laws."
"That doesn't make sense," Ben cried.  "You revolted!"
"Yes, but we were given a new name before the revolt," Harry explained.
"The Holediggers that Bobo roused in the city were not under the new name," Ben pointed out.  Harry scratched his head and looked over his shoulder at Bobo.  Bobo held his hands out to his side and shrugged.
"Well, you do have a point there," Harry admitted, "but it doesn't matter.  Gnome Bones have been called and must be played."
"Very well, then," said Ben, raising the horn to his lips.  "I accept Ringwald's challenge."
"He's not a gnome!" one of the Stonebreakers shouted.  "He cannot play!"
"Leave it be," Ringwald screamed.  "He has accepted my challenge and I will play him.  The winner will be the rightful ruler and the loser will be executed.  Bring out the Gnome Bones!"
The drummers around the edge of the arena began beating a rapid, marching cadence and there was a burst of activity at the opposite end of the coliseum.  A set of double doors, leading onto the arena floor, were thrown open and, in a few minutes, a group of gnomes emerged.
There were six gnomes in this group, all robed in black with hoods pulled over their heads to hide their faces.  They carried a large table into the coliseum and, very reverently, sat it down in the center of the arena floor.
"Is that the game table?" asked Ben.
"Yes," Mueller answered.  "That is the sacred Gnome Bones table.  Some say that the game came from a distant city of man, somewhere in the wild north lands.  Some even say it originated from Zorn; the home world of the wizards.  Where ever it came from, it wound up in the hands of a cruel king from some long dead and forgotten realm.  This king was a master at the game too and used it to mete out punishment to his enemies.  He would offer them a full pardon and freedom if they could beat him.  However, should they lose, the punishment was death."
"How did the gnomes get the table?"
"One day, a group of gnomes were poaching deer in the king's forest.  This was before we left the sunlighters and went underground to live.  We were poor creatures of the forest and hungry too.  The king's rangers surprised the hunting party that day, but all of them managed to escape, except one.  His name was Alaster."
"What happened to him?"
"He was brought before the king and the king made him the same offer that he made to everyone accused of any crime.  Win the game and go free.  Lose the game and die."
"And Alaster won," said Ben.
"Yes, he won and the king was forced to set him free.  The king, however, was embarrassed and enraged over losing the game, especially to a poor, dirty forest creature.  To get even with Alaster, he sent hundreds of soldiers into the woods to hunt down and slay all of the gnomes they could find.  Those that managed to escape the king's wrath went underground and Alaster became the first gnome king."
“You still haven’t answered my question,” Ben pointed out.  “How did the gnomes get the game?”
“Alaster eventually built his own army of gnomes.  They were not numerous enough, nor powerful enough, to overcome the king and his army, but they were crafty and bent on revenge.  They tunneled below the king’s castle and were able to slip inside under the cover of darkness.  Alaster started calling the gnomes that did the tunneling Holediggers.  The group of gnomes that had to break through the stone floors to gain access to the castle became known as the Stonebreakers.  Anyhow, they killed the king and stole the game.  They also took a few prisoners.  These prisoners were the first slaves of Kahzidar; the first Mudcrawlers.”
“Wow,” said Ben.  “Things went awry a long, long time ago, but it’s not too late to set them straight.  One more question, though.  Why is the game called Gnome Bones?”
“The original playing pieces were discarded and new ones were created.  The new pieces were carved from the bones of the gnomes the king’s army had slain.  Alaster did this to make him remember the crimes committed against his people.  Whenever a sunlighter was captured, they were brought before Alaster to play the game.  If they won, they could go free.  If they lost, they became a Mudcrawler and were sent to the slave mines.  Alaster was a master at the game and no one ever beat him.  Years after Alaster’s death, the new gnome king had the bone pieces enshrined and had his craftsmen fashion new playing pieces.  Somehow, and no one remembers when or how, the game came to be used only for challenges to the throne.  It is rarely ever played now.”
Ben turned his attention back to the center of the arena.  The table had thick ornately carved legs that supported a marble-tiled top used for the playing board.  The marble was set into sixteen rows of ten squares with alternating colors of black and white.  The last two rows of ten, on each end of the board, were raised four inches above the main board.  The next two rows of ten, on each end, were raised two inches above the main board.  On each side of the main board, a single row of eight squares was elevated one inch above the main board.  A small flat chest, containing the playing pieces, sat on top of the table.  Two gnomes opened the chest and began arranging pieces on the board.
The back two rows, the ones elevated four inches above the main board, were filled with twenty gnome figurines on each side.  These figurines depicted gnomes that were tall, proud, and richly dressed.  These pieces represented the Stonebreakers and the elevated sections of the playing board they occupied represented the upper levels of the city where they dwelt.  These sections were referred to in the game as The Palace.  The Stonebreaker pieces on one side were made of gold and the pieces on the other side were made of silver.
The next two rows, the ones that were elevated two inches above the main board, were also filled with twenty gnome figurines on each side.  These were the Holedigger gnomes.  They were smaller than the Stonebreaker pieces and made from polished stones of varying shades of gray.  One side carried spears and the other side carried swords.  The raised sections of the playing board that these pieces occupied represented the lower levels of the city where the Holediggers dwelt.  These playing sections were referred to as The City.
The next two rows were the outer two rows on the main board.  These rows contained twenty Mudcrawler playing pieces on each side.  The Mudcrawler pieces were made of clay and portrayed gnomes that were hunched and deformed.  On one side, the Mudcrawler pieces carried pick axes, while on the other side they carried shovels.  The main board was known as The Pit and represented the slave mines of Kahzidar.
Finally, the single row of eight squares on each side of the board represented the barracks in the slave mines.  The Holediggers that were being used for watchers and drivers were stationed on these rows.
Once all one-hundred and twenty playing pieces were in place, there were only four rows of ten in the center of the main playing board and six spaces in each barracks that were not occupied.
"There are a lot of playing pieces," Ben remarked, "but there are only three types.  This shouldn't be too difficult.  What's the object of the game?"
"The object," Mueller answered, "is to remove all of your opponents Stonebreakers by capturing them or demoting them."
"Okay," said Ben, "How do you capture?  How do you demote?  How do the pieces move about?"
"Let's start with the Mudcrawlers in The Pit. They cannot capture or demote.  They are purely defensive pieces.  They can move in any direction, but they can only move one space at a time and they must move to an empty space.  They can move into The City, but they are not allowed to move into The Palace.  Ten Mudcrawlers make a full colony and for every full and partial colony you own, you must have one driver and one watcher.
“The drivers and watchers come from your offensive players, which are your Holediggers.  A driver and a watcher, however, may only move one space at a time and they are confined to the barracks.  They cannot capture either, but they can be captured or demoted.  If your opponent captures one, you must pull out another Holedigger to replace him.  If you do not have any more Holediggers on the board, you will have to demote a Stonebreaker down to a Holedigger and use him.  A popular strategy is to use your Mudcrawlers to protect your watchers and drivers from being captured.
“Since you start the game with two full colonies of Mudcrawlers, you only have sixteen Holediggers that may be used offensively.  You may choose any four Holediggers from the board that you wish to play in the barracks for watchers and drivers.  Give that careful thought, because you want to be able to move your Stonebreakers out if the need arises.
“The offensive Holediggers move two spaces.  Their first move may be forwards, backwards, or to either side, and their second move must be a diagonal move to either side.  Holediggers may jump over other pieces and if they land on an opponent, that opponent's piece is removed from play.  Holediggers may move about the entire board.  They can capture the opponents Mudcrawlers, Holediggers, and Stonebreakers within any section of the playing board."
"That's easy to remember," said Ben.  "They move like a knight."
Mueller looked puzzled.
"A knight is a playing piece in a game called chess.  It's a strategy game, like this one."
"Are you any good in this game called chess?"
"Pretty good.  What about the Stonebreakers?"
"Ah, yes.  The Stonebreakers may move all over the playing board.  They move like the Mudcrawlers, but they are an offensive game piece.  When you land on an opponent's Stonebreaker with one of your Stonebreakers, your opponent's Stonebreaker is removed from the playing board and a Holedigger is put in his place.  You essentially demoted him from Stonebreaker to Holedigger.  Be careful though, because demoting a Stonebreaker to a Holedigger actually gives your opponent a stronger offensive piece."
"I see," said Ben.  "Do the Stonebreakers demote Holediggers to Mudcrawlers as well?"
"Yes, they do.  That's a good strategy too, because as soon as you demote one Holedigger to a Mudcrawler, if your opponent has not lost any Mudcrawlers he will then have two full colonies and one partial colony.  He will have to pick two Holediggers to be watchers and drivers for his new partial colony and that will reduce his offensive power."
"What happens if you land on a Mudcrawler with a Stonebreaker?  You can't demote them, can you?"
"No, if a Stonebreaker lands on a Mudcrawler, that Mudcrawler is removed from the game.  The more Mudcrawlers you remove from the game, the more playing area you will have to navigate, but so will your opponent."
"This game actually sounds fun," Ben remarked.  The short nap he had earlier did wonders for him and he was beginning to get excited about playing this game.  "Is there anything else I need to know about?  Any secret moves or special plays I need to be aware of?"
"No, that is pretty much it."
"Let's get started then."
Mueller led Ben down the platform and to the game table in the center of the arena.  Ringwald was standing on the side of the table so that his playing pieces were to his right.  He had already chosen his Holedigger pieces for his watchers and drivers; the fourth piece from the edge on each side, in both rows.  This would give him an avenue to move six Stonebreakers out of the Palace area with one move on each piece.  Ben stood across from him and studied the board.  He decided to remove four Holediggers from the center of the row adjacent to the Palace.  This would provide him the same advantage as Ringwald for moving the Stonebreakers into the City area.  When Ben placed the pieces he had chosen for watchers and drivers into the barracks area on his side of the game board, Ringwald scowled at him.
"I am still king under the old law and according to the rules of Gnome Bones, the ruling king goes first."
Ben nodded and Ringwald moved the fourth Mudcrawler from the edge, in the front row, diagonally to the left.
"He's going to open two roads from the Palace area, straight through the City, to the Pits," Ben thought to himself, "and he'll probably try to pull out all of his Holediggers first.  I'll divert the Mudcrawlers near the sides to the Barracks to protect my watchers and drivers."
Several moves later, Ringwald had three Mudcrawlers and two Holediggers positioned on the first open row on his side of the pit while Ben had eight Mudcrawlers on his first open row.  No captures or demotions had taken place yet and the tension in the air was thick and heavy.  As Ringwald continued to advance all of his Mudcrawlers and Holdiggers, keeping them packed closely together as they moved forward, Ben advanced only his front colony and one lone Holedigger.  This strategy puzzled Ringwald greatly, but when they finally met in the center of the pit, Ben began pulling his Holediggers forward.  For several minutes they traded blows, capturing Mudcrawlers and Holediggers.  When they had both captured nine of their opponents Mudcrawlers, they did not want to free up the other's watcher and driver so, they started focusing on capturing Holediggers and began jockeying for a position to invade the city area.
The longer the game went, the longer each player took to think and plan his next move.  A little over an hour into the game, Ben was winning.  He had pulled out two Stonebreakers and used his Mudcrawlers and Holediggers to set up an ambush where he could demote Ringwald's Holediggers to Mudcrawlers.  He managed to demote half of Ringwald's Holediggers, bringing Ringwald's Mudcrawler numbers from eleven, to twenty-one.  The twenty-first Mudcrawler created a partial colony and Ringwald was forced to move two more Holediggers into his Barracks.  Counting the three that Ben had captured, Ringwald was left with only seven Holediggers, while Ben had fourteen.  Both players, however, still had all twenty of their Stonebreakers.  Never-the-less, the numbers were in Ben's favor now and as the game progressed, Ben patiently and methodically annihilated Ringwald in the ancient game of Gnome Bones.  When the last Stonebreaker was captured, Ringwald howled with rage and leapt across the table at Ben.

*****
CHAPTER 22
INTERCEPTED

Hob had been standing quietly near Ben's side ever since he and Gabriel had been rescued from Ringwald's prison, but when Ringwald leapt at Ben, Hob let out his own howl of rage and met the crazed gnome in mid-air over the Gnome Bones table.  The table crashed to the floor and the game pieces scattered everywhere as the gnome and dwarf thrashed about wildly, kicking and punching.  Gabriel and several Holediggers finally managed to separate them.  When they pulled them apart, Ringwald's hair was sticking up in all directions.  His left eye was already beginning to swell and a trickle of blood oozed from his nose onto his lip.  Hob faired rather well during the scuffle, but his poor beard looked as if two old tom cats had gotten tangled in it.  The dwarf glared at the ousted gnome king while he tried in vain to straighten his whiskers.
After the commotion died down and the game table and pieces were collected and taken away, Harry grabbed Ben by the arm.  "Ben, you beat him!  You actually beat him!"
"Do you know what that means," Bobo whispered to Harry while poking him in the side.
"That means it's over!" Harry answered.  "We are free!"
"No it doesn’t, Harry.  We are not free just yet."
"What do you mean?  Of course we are!"  Then it dawned on Harry what Bobo was talking about and he turned to stare at Ben.  They weren't free.  The old king was gone, but they had a new king now.  Ben also realized the implications of winning the game and acted swiftly.  He returned to the platform and retrieved the horn so that everyone could hear him.
"Quiet down everyone!  Please, quiet down and hear me.”
The coliseum, still buzzing about what had just occurred, slowly began to settle down.  In a few minutes, every eye was on Ben and every gnome sat on the edge of their seat to hear what he would say.
“Everyone here has witnessed the game of Gnome Bones that was just played between me and Ringwald.  I won.”  Ben paused a moment to let that sink in, then continued.  “I beat him fairly and, according to your laws and traditions, the throne of Kahzidar is now mine."
There was thunderous applause from the Mudcrawlers in the upper levels.  The Holediggers, however, looked shocked and confused.  This was not part of their plan! Ben had given them a fine talk on freedom and then proclaimed himself as king?  When the applause finally began to die down, the Mudcrawlers started shouting and pointing at Ringwald and his followers.  They began chanting, "KILL HIM!  KILL HIM!  KILL HIM!"
Ringwald and the handful of Stonebreakers who still supported him huddled together in a tight group.  There was nowhere to run, nothing with which to fight.  It was over.  Ben raised his hands for the crowd to quiet down once more.  When the noise finally subsided he called through the horn.
"Bring them to the platform!"
A group of Holediggers with long spears herded the terrified Stonebreakers to the base of the platform.  Ben looked down at Ringwald.  The gnome king was afraid, but still defiant and even had the nerve to spit at Ben.  When that happened, Gabriel just barely managed to grab Hob by the back of his tunic as the dwarf, still angry about his beard, lunged once more at Ringwald.  Ben raised the horn again.
"I have been told that, according to the ancient rules of Gnome Bones, it is customary for the loser to be executed."
There were cheers in the coliseum and, this time, when the Mudcrawlers took up their chant again, many of the Holedigger gnomes joined in with them.
"KILL HIM, KILL HIM," they shouted, stomping their feet to the rhythm of their chant.  The noise was deafening.  Ben raised his hands but this time it took quite a while to hush the crowd, especially the upper sections of the coliseum, where all of the Mudcrawlers were seated.
"No, we will not take his life," Ben continued, "but we will give him a choice.  Ringwald may join the new Kahzidar, and live in peace as a free gnome, an equal to all the free gnomes and not a ruler.  Or he may leave Kahzidar and, if he troubles no one, live out his life elsewhere in peace."
Ben looked down at the former gnome king and Ringwald glared back at him.  The gnome's lips quivered, the scar across his face had turned a dark livid purple, and the veins in his neck and temples bulged and throbbed.  With great effort, Ringwald managed to get a rein on his anger and snarled at Ben, "I will leave, but not because you offer me that choice, but rather because I am sick of this kingdom and all that are in it.  But you and I shall meet again."
“You had better HOPE that we NEVER meet again!” Hob yelled down at the ousted king.
Ringwald glowered at Hob.  At a loss for words, he kicked the soil on the arena floor and sent a shower of dirt at the platform.  He then turned to go, but the Holediggers lowered their spears and barred his way.
Ben called down from the platform, “Raise your spears and let them pass.  Make sure they are escorted out of the city too, but do not harm them.”
Ringwald and fifteen Stonebreakers who remained loyal to him, filed out of the coliseum as the crowd booed and hurled their shoes down upon their heads.  Ben, saddened by their choice, watched them leave.  Once they were out of the arena the crowd returned their focus on their new king and a complete hush fell across the great cavern.  Ben raised the horn to his lips one final time.
"Gnomes of Kahzidar, I hereby abdicate my throne and turn the government of your great city over to Harry, Bobo, and the council they have assembled.  I also offer my name to the remaining Mudcrawler, Holedigger, and Stonebreaker gnomes.  All sunlighters will be cared for and returned to their homes as soon as the storm breaks.  The old ways have passed away.  Let freedom reign."
There were a few seconds of silence following Ben's short speech, and then the entire place erupted in cheers.  Ben turned to Harry, who was now standing beside him.  He had to shout to be heard over the applause and celebration.  "Do you have the staff?" he asked the gnome.
Harry motioned to one of the former Holedigger gnomes on the ground below the platform.  The gnome hastened up the platform to meet them.  He was wearing a sling across his shoulder, which was attached to a tightly wrapped bundle of cloth.  He removed the bundle and handed it to Harry.  Harry peeled the layers of cloth back to reveal the two sections of the broken staff and the bright green spell catcher that was affixed to the top section.
“Is this it?” Ben asked Gabriel.
“Yes,” Gabriel nodded, “this is the staff.”  The elf carefully wrapped the staff and secured the bundle across his back.  "We really should be on our way now," he said to Harry.  "We have a very sick friend waiting for us back at the Crystal Cave entrance and Ben has some very worried family members as well."
"I will get someone to escort you back to your friends and family," said Harry.
"I will lead them back to the cave entrance," Mueller volunteered.  "I have no desire to become entangled in the politics that will take place here today and, besides, I have become quite fond of our dear friend Ben.  He is the first true friend I have had in many long days."
"Great!" said Harry, "but don't you think you may need some protection from Ringwald and his crew?  Letting him go is one decision I fear we may all may live to regret."
"No, he wouldn't go above ground and he is unarmed as well.  They will probably go deeper into Kahzidar to avoid contact with other gnomes, but they will not travel too far from the city.  They will eventually become hungry and will return to join us or they will be forced to live as bandits, stealing whatever they may to stay alive."
"I guess you are right.  Ringwald will probably disappear for a few days to sulk, but I am confident we will see him again."
"It doesn't matter, he can harm no one now," said Mueller, turning to Ben and his two companions.  "Are you ready to leave now?"
"Yes," Ben answered.  "Lead the way and we will follow, just don’t go too fast."
Mueller led them out of the coliseum.  As they were leaving, every gnome in the coliseum stood and cheered.  Ben reflected back over the past twenty-four hours.  He had braved a blizzard, survived a cave troll attack, infiltrated the dreaded gnome mines of Kahzidar, rescued his friends, recovered Merlin's staff, and started a revolution that toppled a monarchy.  That was the easy part.  The hard part still lay before them; they still had to deal with Zoltan, the black dragon from Crag, son of Zog the Terrible.
Mueller lit a couple of rock busters and led them out of the city and into the tunnel that led up to the Crystal Cave.  When they passed the fork that led down to the lake and waterfall, they came upon Ringwald, who was standing in the center of the tunnel and blocking their way.  He was alone and had been waiting here, in the dark, for them to come along.
"What are you doing here?" Mueller asked.
"Did you think I would just let you waltz out of here?" Ringwald sneered.
"I don't see how you can stop us," said Mueller, looking around.  "It appears that your cronies have deserted you."
"Let me take care of him," said Hob.  "I still have a score to settle with him.  It will take me weeks to get my beard back into proper shape."
Ringwald whistled and the Stonebreakers that were exiled with him came running up from the other tunnel, where they had also been hiding in the dark.  There was no escape now.  Ringwald stood between them and the Crystal Cave entrance, and his followers stood behind them.
"Well, that evens the odds a little," said Hob, rolling up his sleeves.  "At least, now, it will be a fair fight."
"Hold on," said Gabriel.  The elf laid a restraining hand on Hob's shoulder.  "What is it you want, Ringwald?"
“What is it I want?” Ringwald asked, incredulously.  “What is it I want?” he repeated, a little louder.  “Well, I’m glad you asked!” he screamed at the elf.  “And since you sunlighters are so dense and stupid I guess I’ll have to spell it out for you!”
Gabriel’s hand moved swiftly to the knife in his belt and there was a dangerous glint in his eye.  Hob sensed the tension between the elf and gnome and knew that they were teetering on the brink of a nasty fight.
"I WANT MY KINGDOM BACK," Ringwald yelled at Gabriel, "but you," he screamed, pointing at Ben, "have ruined everything!"
"We can't give you your kingdom back," said Ben.  "It is not ours to give.  Kahzidar is..."
"I know," Ringwald snapped, interrupting Ben.  "I know, I know, I know.  Kahzidar is free, Kahzidar is free," he mocked, waving his arms in the air.  "But not for long, because after I kill all of you, I will take that staff and learn its secrets.  And once I know the secrets of the staff, I will become as powerful as Merlin!  I will be king of Kahzidar once more, but I won't stop there.  After Zoltan decimates all of the sunlighters in the land above I will conquer him and then…"
As Ringwald continued to rant and rave, he did not notice the look of terror that came over the faces of the other Stonebreakers.  As he stomped his feet on the ground in frustration, he didn't even notice when the Stonebreakers turned and fled back down the dark tunnel, where they had been hiding.  As he shook his fist in rage at Gabriel, he did not feel the hot breath on his neck, but when he finally paused to refill his lungs for another long tirade, he heard a low, menacing growl behind him and it was the last sound he ever heard.

*****
CHAPTER 23
A FALLEN LEAF

The mammoth bear flung Ringwald’s lifeless body into the dark tunnel, where the other gnomes had fled, then turned and stood up on its hind legs and roared.  The sound was deafening in the cave tunnels and everyone had to cover their ears.  The bear raised its paws over its head and the air about it began to shimmer.  The giant beast slowly began to shrink in size.  Its paws transformed into hands and feet and its fur retreated, somewhat, until a giant hairy man stood before them, with a sheepish grin on his face.
"Amos," Ben shouted, running to the friendly giant and throwing his arms around his waist.  "You're okay!"
Amos picked Ben up and gave him a real bear hug.  "Yes, I am fine now, thanks to Jonah."
Ben hadn't even noticed the elf, but he spotted him now, over to the side, in a deep conversation with Gabriel.
"Nice work with the gnomes," said Hob, who was now rolling his sleeves back down, "but I had everything perfectly under control.  Where are Gob and Nob?"
Amos smiled at the dwarf.  "They are back at the entrance waiting for our return.  Gob and Nob stayed with the ladies and the Keeper, while Jonah and I came after you."
"Marcus came?" asked Ben, with wide eyes.
"Yes, he used the unicorn horns to open a portal from the Twilight to the Crystal Cave.  That's the only way they could return here fast enough to save me.  I was very close to death's door.  Zoltan is another reason the Keeper decided to use the portals.”
“Why is that?” asked Hob with a worried expression.  “Has he been around?”
“Yes.  Jonah had a close encounter with the dragon on his trek back to the Twilight.  He lost his horse and barely escaped with his life.  If Zoltan caught any of us out in the open we would not fare as well Jonah did, especially in this deep snow.  Anyhow, with the pathways open, we'll be back at the Twilight in just a few minutes."
"Hey, where's Mueller?" said Ben, looking around.  He spotted the gnome on the floor behind Hob and ran to him.  Amos followed and stooped over to examine the gnome.
"He is okay.  It appears he has fainted."  Amos gently shook the gnome and called his name.  Mueller's eyelids began to flutter, and then his eyes opened and focused on Amos, who was still leaning over him.  The gnome let out a frightened whimper and tried to scramble away.
"Mueller," Ben called softly, "it's only Amos - our sick friend at the cave entrance.  Remember?  He's well now.  Don't be afraid."
The gnome sat up and suspiciously eyed the big man.  Even after transforming back into human form, he still looked like a great black bear.  Amos gently took him by the arm and pulled him to his feet.
"Come on, we have much work and much planning to do.  I suspect you all are in need of food and rest as well."
"I think I could go to sleep standing up right here," Ben replied.  "I'm too tired to even think about food."
"Well, we're not far from the entrance.  Let's go."
“Let’s hurry,” Hob added.  “I need to see Marcus immediately.”
“What’s wrong, Hob?” Ben asked.  The dwarf was definitely shaken, but Ben could not figure out why.  They were free now.  Everyone was safe and they would be back at Castle Twilight in just a little while.  Maybe he was just afraid of Zoltan.  He appeared fine until Amos had mentioned the dragon being in the area.
Amos started up the tunnel.  Ben and Hob fell in alongside him and Mueller followed along behind them with two rock busters glowing softly in the darkness.  Gabriel and Jonah brought up the rear.  Both elves were still talking in hushed whispers.  Ben heard snatches of their conversation, but was too tired to focus.  Jonah was bringing Gabriel up-to-date on the events surrounding Zoltan and the Keeper's plans for dealing with the dragon.
The path eventually converged with the river and ran parallel with the dark waters that flowed into Kahzidar.  They were getting closer now and everyone picked up the pace.  Gabriel was extremely anxious to get out of the caves and see the open skies above him.  Soon, the muted green light of Mueller's rock busters began to twinkle and sparkle on the cave walls and ceiling.  They were finally in the Crystal Cave.
Up ahead, a fire burned brightly in the darkness and Ben could make out his Grandma and sister along with Gob, Nob, and Marcus, clustered around the fire for warmth.  The horses whinnied as they approached.  The two dwarves snatched up their axes and grabbed torches from the fire.  Louise and Casey huddled close together behind the dwarves, but Marcus told them to be at ease.  He could tell that the Twilight horses were calling out to someone they knew; someone from the Twilight.  When the approaching party appeared in the firelight Louise and Casey let out a squeal of delight.
"BEN!" they yelled, pushing past Gob and Nob to greet him.  They both hugged him tightly and then Louise began to give him a thorough inspection, looking him over from head to toe to make sure there were no cuts, bruises, or abrasions that might need a grandmother's care.  Ben felt the heat rising in his face, while the others looked on, as his Grandma doted.  Finally, satisfied that he was okay, Louise greeted Hob and Gabriel too.
"Who is this?" asked Marcus, nodding toward Mueller.
"Oh," said Ben, "I'm so sorry, Marcus, this is my friend Mueller."
"Mueller Alderman," the gnome added with a smile.
"Umm, yes," said Ben, feeling the heat rising in his cheeks again, "and Mueller, this is Marcus, the Keeper of the Twilight."
"Mueller Alderman?" Marcus asked.  The Keeper arched an eyebrow and cut a sidelong glance at Ben.
"It's a long story," said Ben.  "I'll tell you all about it later."
"I can't wait to hear it."
"Ben has liberated the Mudcrawlers," Hob crowed.  The dwarf threw an arm around Ben and patted him fondly on the shoulder.  "Heck, he's liberated the whole blasted Kingdom of Kahzidar!  Mudcrawlers, Holediggers, and Stonebreakers are all calling themselves Alderman gnomes now.  Ringwald is gone, the mines are closed, and the city is operating under a brand new government.  I've never seen anything like it!"
The Keeper studied Ben with an appraising eye and then glanced up at Gabriel.  Gabriel raised his eyebrows and Marcus faintly, almost imperceptibly, nodded.  Then, he returned his attention to Ben.
"You never cease to amaze me, Ben Alderman," the Keeper marveled.  "Come, let's get our things together and leave.  We will have a day of rest when we get back to the Twilight, but then we will have to make plans and preparations for Zoltan's return.”
“Marcus,” said Hob, placing his hand on the Keeper’s arm, “about the dragon…”
“Yes, Hob, what is it?” 
“I understand he has been in the area and I was wondering….”
“Go on,” Marcus prodded.  Something was really bothering the dwarf.  It was almost as if he were afraid to even voice his question.
“Well, I was wondering if, by any chance, Gus made it back safely to the Twilight?  I have been dreadfully worried about him ever since we were separated by the cave in and so help me, if that dragon has harmed him...”
“Gus is safe, Hob,” Marcus answered with a smile.  The Keeper placed his hand on the dwarf’s shoulder and gave him a firm, reassuring squeeze.  “He and Gabriel’s horse came home that very same day under the cover of darkness.”
Hob let out a sigh of relief.  “Thanks for looking after him, Marcus.  I don’t know what I’d do without him.”
“He is a fine pony,” Marcus agreed, “and I too am glad he is well, but we really must be going now.  Do you have the staff?”
“Here it is,” said Gabriel, handing the cloth bundle to Marcus.  The Keeper placed his arm through the strap and slung the bundle across his shoulder.  He then opened a large sack that was tied to his waist.  The white light that escaped from the sack was reflected back from a million tiny facets of quartz and crystals embedded in the stone walls.  The walls multiplied this white light and amplified it to the extent that the dim green glow of Mueller's rock busters was swallowed in its brilliance.  Marcus reached into the sack and, very reverently, pulled out a spiraled horn - a unicorn horn.
The Keeper gave Gabriel and Jonah each a horn and also gave them one horn for each horse.  The horses were saddled and ready to go, and all of the gear was packed as well.  Jonah and Gabriel placed a horn under the cinch, on each saddle, so that the horn was actually touching the horse's flesh.
"Where's the portal?" asked Ben.
Marcus turned and pointed to the cave entrance.  The portal was opened just inside the cave; a pitch black hole approximately six feet across and hovering a few inches off the ground.  The reason Ben did not see it, at first, was because it was night time when they arrived here and the black hole of the portal created an illusion of night outside the cave.  However, it was now morning and upon closer inspection, Ben could see a faint hint of sunlight shining around the edges of the portal.  Gabriel and Jonah came forward, leading the horses.  Each elf was leading three Twilight horses, tethered together in single file.
"You will need to bring Old Dan," Gabriel told Amos.  "We could not get him to budge.  We are taking the horses through first, to get them out of the way.  For some reason, the pathways make them uneasy.  The sooner we try to get them through, the easier it will be.  Bring Dan though after us, then you may return with horns for the others."
Amos retreated down the tunnel to get his horse, while Gabriel and Jonah disappeared into the dark hole with the Twilight horses in tow.  Old Dan refused to go near the portal at first, but after much coaxing Amos was finally able to get him to enter the pathway.
Within ten minutes Amos stepped out of the portal and back into the Crystal Cave.  He was carrying ten unicorn horns, five in each fist.  He handed all, but one, to Marcus and the Keeper gave one to Louise, Casey, and Ben.
"Are you coming with us?" Marcus asked the gnome.
"No," Mueller answered.  "I would love to see the outside world one day when I am ready, but now is not the time."
"I understand," Marcus smiled.  He placed the remaining horns back into the sack at his waist.  "You are welcome to visit with us anytime.  We should also like to see your great city one day as well."
"We would be honored," said Mueller.
"Farewell, then.  Until we meet again.  Louise, you and the children follow me, single file.  The dwarves will come through next and Amos shall follow after them."
The Keeper stepped into the dark hole and vanished.  Louise went next, followed by Casey, then Ben.  The dwarves did not want to use the pathway.  They were afraid of the wizardry behind it, but they were more afraid of making the long trek back through the blizzard, even though it had tapered off significantly.  However, the prospect of a hot meal finally spurred them into action.  Hob entered the portal first, followed by Gob, and then Nob.  Amos waved goodbye to Mueller, then he stepped into the black hole and vanished as well.
The lonely voices of the winter winds and the passage of the dark waters by the river banks were the only sounds in the Crystal Cave.  Mueller was once more alone, but this time the loneliness pierced his heart like a knife.  He wiped away the tears with the back of his sleeve and something shiny, lying on the ground, caught his eye.  It was a leaf; a golden leaf.  It was Ben's golden leaf - the one he wore on a chain about his neck.  Mueller had seen it when Ben was leaning over him the first night they met.  That was the night Ben befriended him.  Mueller snatched the leaf up and ran for the portal.
"WAIT!" he cried, but the portal snapped shut, revealing the snow-clad landscape shining brightly in the morning sun, just beyond the cave entrance.  Ben was gone.

*****
CHAPTER 24
FAERIE

Back at Castle Twilight, Marcus had hot baths poured for everyone and fires laid on the hearths of each room.  Ben wanted to soak in the tub a while, but he was so tired he hastily scrubbed himself clean and then crawled in between the thick, downy sheets piled on top of his bed.  In a matter of minutes he was sound asleep.
In other rooms, just down the hall from Ben, were Louise, Casey, and the three dwarves.  They also passed the day in slumber and it was well past supper time when Gabriel finally roused them.  Ben, Casey, and Louise wanted to sleep even longer, but the three dwarves, realizing they had slept through mid-day meal, did not want to take a chance at missing supper too.  They hopped out of bed, hastily dressed, and then followed their noses to the kitchens, where fresh baked breads and roasting meats caused their stomachs to growl loudly.  The cooks laughed at the three dwarfs and shooed them off to one of the castle’s smaller dining rooms, where Marcus and Jonah were waiting.  The Keeper stood and greeted them.
"I'm glad you were able to join us.  I trust you are well rested?"
"Well rested and starved to death," Hob answered.  "Where are the others?"
At that moment Louise and the two children bustled into the room.  Ben and Casey apparently shared the same sentiments as the dwarves, for they sat down at the table and immediately began heaping breads, cheeses, fruits and meats upon their plates.  Hob, Gob, and Nob watched in dismay as the food on the table began to diminish.  The waited anxiously as the children filled their plates and, when Ben and Casey were finished, the three dwarves made a dash at the remaining food.  Before long, they were at each other's beards again; pulling, tugging, and yanking.  Marcus managed to separate them before the beard pulling escalated into shin kicking, and assured them there was plenty for everyone to have seconds and even thirds.
After everyone finished eating, Marcus directed them to his private study.  It was crowded with everyone inside, but instead of inviting them to find a chair and make themselves comfortable, the Keeper walked over to one of the tapestries that depicted their home world of Faerie and tugged on the gilded rope that dangled from the corner of the wall-hanging.  There was a muffled click within the walls and the bookcase on the other side of the room swung inward, revealing a set of stairs that spiraled downward, disappearing into the darkness below.  Marcus lit a torch in the fireplace.  He started down the stairs, the others following closely behind him, and the flickering orange flames made their shadows dance on the grey stone walls as they descended below the main level of the castle.
A long hallway greeted them at the bottom of the stairs.  As far as they could see, there were no doors on either side, just straight, smooth walls that diminished in the distance and vanished beyond the reach of the Keeper's torch.  Marcus led them to the other end of this hallway, where a solitary door awaited them.  The door was wood, rather plain, and of simple design, yet there was no handle with which to open it.
"What is this," Gabriel asked, "and how do we enter?"
Marcus smiled.  "Touch the door," he instructed.
Gabriel reached out and placed his hand upon the door.  Immediately he felt the door warm beneath his palm and thin gold lines of light began to appear on the door.  They were faint, at first, but began to brighten and take on a shape.
"It's a Merlin tree!" Ben cried.
"Yes, it is a Merlin tree," Marcus laughed.
The golden lines flared like beams of sunshine and, before they winked out, the door opened and swung inward.
"How cool is that," Casey exclaimed.
"There is much, much more beyond this simple door," Marcus replied, stepping aside and holding out his arm, inviting them to enter.
Gabriel entered first and the others follow closely behind him.  The room was small, round, and completely unadorned.  The floor and walls, rather than the polished tile and marble found throughout the castle, were constructed of plain, rough-cut quarry stone.  There were no tapestries or wall hangings of any kind and there were no rugs covering the cold stones beneath their feet.  Although the room was devoid of any mundane objects, it was not empty; in the center of the room, stood one of the oldest objects on Camelot.
"The Faerie tree," Gabriel exclaimed!  "When was it moved?"
"I moved it the day everyone left for the Crystal Caves." Marcus answered.
"I don't understand; how did you move it?  How did you get it all the way down here?  I didn't even know this room existed!"
"It wasn't easy, but I was able to use the unicorn horns and the pathways to transport it from the tent to this room."
"But, why?"
"With the new castle, we needed a more permanent location for the tree.  We also needed a location that was hard to find and easy to defend.  After Zoltan's visit, I knew I had to get the tree moved before his return."
"He can't destroy the tree down here, can he?" asked Louise.
"No, this tunnel is deep and runs far beyond the boundaries of the forest.  The Faerie tree is safe here."
"This is all very good," said Amos, "but why did you bring us here?"
“We are taking the staff to Faerie,” Marcus answered, “for safe keeping.  We will also be traveling to Mount Gazafar.”
“We’re going to see the oracle?” asked Gabriel.
“Yes,” the Keeper nodded.  “I’ll tell you more along the way.  Jonah has gone on before us to prepare things.  Come, we haven’t any time to spare.”
The Keeper stepped through the opening in the Merlin tree and vanished.  Everyone looked questioningly at Gabriel.  The elf shrugged and followed the Keeper through the magical doorway to their home world.
When everyone walked through the tree, the first thing they noticed upon stepping out onto the grassy knoll in Faerie, was the sweet aroma of wild plum blossoms carried on a warm and gentle breeze.  Around them, tall trees cast a dappled shade on the delicate pink flowers of the smaller dogwood trees that were scattered throughout the forest.  It was spring time in Faerie and the woodland birds were rejoicing in the beauty of the day.
“I remember this!” exclaimed Casey.  “The night of the big celebration last summer was here, except there was a small tent on this hill and not a tree.”
“The celebration last summer was a shadow of this place, an illusion,” said Marcus.  “This is real.  Jonah is waiting for us in the field where that celebration took place.  Do you remember the way?”
“I do,” Ben shouted, “follow me!”
One of the most magical qualities about Faerie was the sense of peace and well-being that engulfed you upon arriving there.  To some it was like a soft pillow for a weary head, a tender caress from a loved one, or a cool drink of water on a hot summer day.  To Ben it was like the first day of summer vacation.  It was like waking up on Christmas morning.  It was like… well, it was an unexplainable magical feeling that warmed your heart and filled your spirit with an indescribable joy.  How could anyone ever want to leave here?
As Ben raced beneath the tall canopy of dark green leaves, Casey suddenly shot past him, laughing wildly.  It looked like he was to lose yet another race to his sister, but right now that didn’t seem important.  Ben laughed with her and ran even harder.
When they arrived at the rock wall that bordered the forest, they paused to catch their breath and wait for the others to arrive.  Through the gateway, in the field where the big celebration had taken place last summer, they could see Jonah tending to several horses.  In the Twilight, the elfin horses were coal black, long, sleek, and powerfully built.  Their Faerie counterparts were mirror twins with one exception; they were white as snow.  Ben and Casey admired them until the others arrived.
“Wow, I almost felt like running myself!” Louise exclaimed.  “I swear I feel twenty years younger.  Don’t you guys feel it?” she asked the dwarves.
“We are usually not ones for the open spaces with green beneath our feet and blue above our heads,” Gob answered, “but we have lived in our cabin at Long Lake for many years now and have grown quite fond of the outdoors.  I remember…”
Hob kicked him in the shin and interrupted him.  “You have been living around elves for so long now that you are beginning to sound like one too.”
Gabriel cleared his throat.
“Ahem, present company excluded,” Hob added hastily.
Gabriel and Marcus smiled.
“Yes, we feel it,” said Nob, answering Louise’s question, while Gob hopped up and down holding his poor bruised shin.  “It is very much akin to the feeling of finding a thick vein of gold after a hard day digging, or stumbling upon some hidden caverns with rushing waterfalls and cold rivers feeding deep, still lakes.”
“Hmmm,” said Louise.  “Not exactly what comes to mind for me, but to each their own.”  Louise glanced through the gateway and spotted Jonah with the horses.  She whirled around to face the Keeper, planted her fists firmly on her hips, and fixed him with an icy glare.  “Now, I know I just said that I felt twenty years younger, but that doesn’t mean I am getting on a horse!  What is Jonah doing with those horses, Marcus?  You didn’t say anything about riding!”
“Ah, Louise,” Marcus chided, “I hear you are quite the rider, but there is no need to fear.  These horses, like the ones in the Twilight, will not let you fall.  We are on a tight schedule and we will be riding hard to Mount Gazafar.  It is only a half day ride to the lodge at the base of the mountain.  If you feel you are unable to make the journey you may wait for us back at Castle Twilight.”
“Why are we on such a tight schedule?” asked Casey.  “Doesn’t time sorta stop when you go through the tree?”
“Not this one,” Ben answered.  “Remember when the snakers were attacking the forest?”
Casey shuddered.  That was the most terrifying night of her entire life.  She was certain that everyone was going to die that night, but reinforcements from Faerie and Dwarvenhall arrived just in time to defeat the snakers.
“Marcus was waiting for reinforcements,” Ben continued, “and he didn’t know if they would make it in time.”
“I remember,” Casey replied.  “Let’s drop it, though, because I don’t want to remember!”
“Besides,” said Ben, ignoring his sister, “the time displacement was going from our world to Camelot.  There wasn’t a time displacement going from Camelot back to our world.”
“Don’t you have that backwards?”
“No.  Time in our world ceases for us when we leave it.  But time in Camelot doesn’t cease when we leave it.”
“Then why is the Faerie tree different?”
“Remember how we talked about time being like a fabric and each one of us being like a thread in that fabric?”
Casey nodded.
 “And we talked about how the Merlin tree weaves the threads in that fabric together to form one cohesive plane of existence?”
“Yes, I remember all of that,” said Casey.  “Get to your point Ben!”
“Well, I think that the elves have lived here and travelled back and forth between the two worlds for so long now, that the Merlin tree has woven the fabric of time between the two worlds tighter and tighter, making the time displacement smaller and smaller until it’s almost non-existent.”
“You are absolutely right, Ben,” said Marcus.  “When we first came to Camelot, we discovered that time in our world paused for us while we were gone.  However, down through the centuries time began to move again, slowly at first and then faster and faster.  Eventually, the passage of time in each world aligned and now we can travel back and forth and remain in the same time frame.  I am very impressed that you were able to understand that, especially coming from a world that has no magic.  Anyhow, that is why we must hurry.  Every second brings us closer to Zoltan’s return.”
“But when we came here last summer, through the tent, there was a time displacement then,” Casey pointed out.
“Yes, but that was not real,” the Keeper reminder her.  “The time displacement was part of the illusion.”
“About this trip to Mount Gazafar,” Amos interrupted.  The big man’s eyes had glazed over when Ben started talking about time displacement and he was now ready to change the subject and get moving.  “Do the kids really need to go along with us?”
The Keeper studied the children for a moment and then nodded.  “As I’ve said before, I cannot see the future where Zoltan is concerned, but I do have a gut feeling that Ben has to go with us.  I’m not sure about Casey, but fate has brought her here to Camelot, so I think she too must go.”
“Is there any danger in this trip?”
“No, we are safe in Faerie.  The only danger lies in the possibility of discovering a future that is hidden from me; a future that might cause us despair.”
“Well, there is always hope,” Louise interrupted.  “You said yourself the future is not carved in stone.  Come now, let’s get moving.  You’re not separating me from my grandchildren.  I will go to this Mount Gazafar."
Marcus, Gabriel, and Amos helped Louise, the children, and the dwarves onto their horses.  Everyone had their own horse to ride except, of course, Amos.  The man was simply too large to ride anything smaller than a draft horse and had to transform into a bear to make the journey.
The day was fine, and even though they rode at a fast clip, they were able to take in their surroundings and enjoy the quiet beauty and splendor of Faerie.  They were traveling east, toward the morning sun, across a gently rolling alpine meadow that was sprinkled with tall yellow dandelions and bright blue bachelor buttons.  It looked as if bits and pieces of blue sky and yellow sunshine had rained down upon the meadow and, as they rode, their horses stirred swallowtail butterflies that flitted among vibrant clumps of purple vetch.  In the distance, Gazafar, a lone gray mountain bare of vegetation, reared high above the hills around them.  The air here was so pure and clear that the mountain seem close enough to reach out and touch.  However, it was well past noon by the time they reached the lodge at the base of the mountain.

*****
CHAPTER 25
THE ORACLE OF GAZAFAR

The lodge, a sprawling estate, was artfully crafted from large stones and cedars that grew at the edge of the tree line, just below the meadow.  The main building was constructed in the shape of a square, with a large open courtyard in the center.  Marcus led them into this courtyard through a wide gate and dismounted beneath a lone tree in the center of the square.  The tree was a Faerie oak, one of the strange trees that made up the Twilight forest in Camelot.  As each person dismounted, the tree reached down with its branches and gently removed the saddle and bridle from each horse.  Once the tack was removed, the horses raced out the gate to graze on the tender spring grasses.
“Will they come back?” Hob asked, with a little dismay in his voice.  A half day ride is a whole day march and, as much as they disliked riding the tall and speedy elfin horses, none of the dwarfs wanted to walk all the way back to the Merlin tree.
“Yes,” Gabriel answered.  “They will return when they are needed.”
“Where is everyone?” asked Louise, looking around.  “This place appears deserted.”
“There is no one here but us,” said Marcus.  “The lodge is a shelter for those who wish to see the oracle.  Each day, he will answer one, and only one, question.  If you have many questions, or if you do not ask the right question, then you will have to leave the mountain and return the following day to ask again.”
“Hey,” said Nob, “I just realized it’s time for noon day meal here!”
“Good gracious, Nob,” said Louise, “How can you possibly be hungry?  We ate supper before we left the Twilight!”
“It’s noon day!” Nob answered, rubbing his stomach.
“We should at least have a snack,” Gob agreed.  “Don’t you think so, Hob?”
“Yes, a small bite would be nice.  How about it Marcus?  We didn’t bring any food with us.  Is there anything here to eat?”
“Unbelievable,” Amos marveled, “It’s very possibly the end of the world and you guys are worried about missing a meal.”
“Come along,” said Marcus, “I’m sure we can find something.”
Inside the lodge, the Keeper led them to a pantry that was stocked with all manner of foods.  Nob spotted cold biscuits, left from the previous visitor, and a thick wedge of cheese sitting on one of the shelves.  He then saw a salted ham hanging from one of the rafters overhead and immediately declared that he wanted a ham and cheese biscuit.  Hob and Gob exclaimed that a ham and cheese biscuit was a wonderful idea and thanked Nob profusely for the suggestion.
Louise then shooed everyone out of the kitchen and set about preparing the food.  There were enough provisions to make two biscuits for everyone and plenty of cold water from an indoor spring house to wash them down.  After eating the biscuits everyone rested for a moment and talked about their pending encounter with the oracle.
“Tell us about this oracle,” said Amos.
“The oracle is old,” Marcus began, “much older than I.  He bestowed the gift of foresight on me when I was a small child and he was old even then.  He is stooped with age and very feeble too.  He has been so for centuries, but still he clings to life.”
“And he lives alone on this mountain?”
“Yes.  He lives in a cave near the summit.  The cave faces Venus, our capitol city and the jewel of the twelve cities of Faerie.”
“Venus?” Ben inquired.  “There is a world where I come from that is named Venus.  It is also the name of a mythical goddess of love.”
“How interesting,” said Marcus.  “Our cities are named after the First Immortals.  Some say they were gods while others say they are nothing more than myths and legends.”
“What do you believe?” asked Casey.
“I believe there is only one Creator and I believe the Immortals are his servants.  There are none more powerful than they, but they are not gods.  I also believe that the oracle might actually be Venus; one of the twelve Immortals.”
“We have beings like that in our world,” said Ben.  “They are called angels.  Why do you think the oracle is an Immortal?  If he is one, then why is he old and feeble?  And, where are the others?”
“You are always full of questions, Ben Alderman,” the Keeper remarked with a smile.  “I think he is one of the Immortals because he has always lived alone at the top of this mountain.  No one can remember when he came; he has always been there.  Also, no one takes food or drink to him and he never leaves his cave.  Many believe he has grown weary of life and wishes to die.  If that is true, then maybe that is why he has grown old and feeble.”
“Where are the others,” Ben prodded, “what happened to them?”
“There are two stories.  One has it that the twelve Immortals created Faerie and the elfin race.  Once their work here was finished, they returned to where ever they came from.  All but one, that is.  The one called Venus loved Faerie and the elfin race so dearly that he chose to remain behind when the others left.  To punish him for abandoning them, the others took his eyes before they left, so that he could never look upon the beauty of the land and people that had captured his heart.”
“That’s horrible,” Casey exclaimed.  “You mean the oracle has no eyes?”
Marcus shook his head.  “Whether it is true or not, it is a terribly sad story and the loneliness he has endured through the centuries is unfathomable.”
“So, you must believe in the other story,” Ben remarked, “because you believe the Immortals are servants of the one Creator.”
“Yes, I believe that only one God created Faerie and the elfin race.  When He was finished, he sent the Immortals here to care for the elves.  He wanted the Immortals to teach them about their new world and instruct them in the ways of magic.  The Immortals did so, at first, but soon they became jealous of the Creator’s love for the elfin people.  They also became fearful of the elves, because the elves were learning their magic at such an alarming rate; their minds were like sponges and their appetite for knowledge was insatiable.”
“What happened?” asked Casey.  Everyone was caught up in the Keeper’s story.
“They left.  All but Venus,” Marcus answered.  “Venus really did love the elves.  He loved Faerie and everything the Creator had made.  He argued and pleaded with them to remain, but they would not hear him.”
“So, they took his eyes,” Gob whispered.
“No,” Marcus replied.  “The Creator took his eyes.”
“What?” everyone cried at once.
“When the others left, the elves continued to thrive.  The Creator decided that the Immortals were no longer needed in Faerie and he wanted the elves to have free will.  To have free will, one must be free to succeed or fail.  One must be free to live or die.  One must be free to choose.”
“But why did the Creator take his eyes?” asked Lousie.
“The Creator told Venus, because he had remained faithful to his task, that he had yet one more task to perform.  He told him that a time would come when the elfin race would face an enemy so evil, so wicked, and so powerful, that without some guidance, they would fall under his dominion and ultimately be destroyed.  Venus was commanded to remain in Faerie until such a time arrived.  To limit his interaction with the elves, the Creator exiled him to the cave on Gazafar and, to help him prepare for the hour of need, the He took his sight and gave him the gift of foresight.”
“So, you think Zoltan is the enemy that Venus has been waiting for?” asked Hob.
“Perhaps,” Marcus answered.
“Well, I don’t know which version is worse,” said Louise, breaking the uncomfortable silence that hung in the air after the Keeper finished his story.  She decided to change the subject.  “What question will you ask him?  I can think of at least a hundred questions I’d like to ask.”
“I have been thinking about that since I made the decision to come here.  We only have time for one question and then we must hurry back to the Twilight to prepare for Zoltan’s return.  I think I will simply ask how we can defeat the dragon.”
“What about the staff?”
“I will just leave it in the cave.  It will be safe there, until we are able to return and find a permanent home for it.  We need to be on our way too.  Everyone will remain here, in the lodge, while we are gone.  I will take only Ben and Casey to see the oracle.”
Louise started to protest, but Amos stopped her.
“It looked to be a long, steep climb to the top and we still have the long ride back to the Merlin tree.  It’s best you stay here and rest.”
Louise nodded and turned back to the Keeper.  “How long will you be gone?”
“It will take us a couple of hours to reach the cave.  Coming back down will be much quicker.  We shouldn’t be gone over four hours.”
“So, it will be almost dark by the time we get back to the Merlin tree.”
Marcus nodded.  “And almost morning when we get back to the Twilight,” he added.
“Then I guess you’d better hurry.  We’ll stay here and rest, because I doubt there will be much sleep to be had when we return to the castle.”  Louise gave Ben and Casey a quick hug and made the Keeper promise to bring them back safely.
Marcus filled his flask from the springhouse and led the children out onto an expansive lawn that ran from the back of the lodge to the base of the mountain.  At the edge of the lawn, downy balls of white cotton sedge clumped around two monolithic stones that protruded from the ground like to two accusing fingers, pointing the way to the mountain top.  The stones actually formed a gateway and marked the beginning of the trail that led to the oracle’s cave; a trail of hard-packed earth, lined on both sides with large rocks.  The trail was indeed steep and switched back and forth as it ascended the mountain.  Halfway up, they paused for a moment to catch their breath.
“Where’s Venus?” Ben asked, scanning the landscape below them.
“It’s on the other side,” Marcus answered.  “The trail has many switchbacks and rises steeply on this side of the mountain.  Soon, though, we will reach the last switchback and the trail will take us around to the other side.  When we reach that final loop, it will not be such a steep climb.”
“Thank goodness,” Casey moaned.  “My poor calves are killing me.”
“Yeah, mine too,” said Ben.  “Let’s get moving again.  If I stand here much longer I’m not going to be able to get started again!”
There were four more switchbacks before the trail leveled out and began to circle the mountain.  When they rounded the bend on the other side, a city in the far distant hills sparkled and glimmered like a sea of glass.  Even from this distance, they could see the sun shining brightly on emerald colored towers.
“Behold; Venus,” said Marcus.
“Wow,” said Ben.  “It’s like… Oz!”
“Oz?”
“Oz is a beautiful city in a story from my world.  A man lived there who tricked everyone into thinking he was a great and powerful wizard.”
“I should like to hear it one day.”
“I’d love to tell you about it.  It’s a really cool story.  There’s a lion, a tin man, and a scarecrow…”
“Jeez, not now, Ben,” said Casey, rolling her eyes and turning to the Keeper.  “Aren’t we near the cave now?”
“It’s just up ahead,” Marcus answered, winking at Ben.  “Come.”
A little further around the bend, the cave came into sight.  The cave entrance was small, barely large enough for Marcus to enter without stooping.  Just inside the cave, sitting cross-legged on the floor and facing Venus, was a very, very, old man.  Marcus knelt down in front of the old man and motioned for Ben and Casey to sit on each side of him.
“This is the oracle,” Marcus whispered.  “Until we leave, do not speak unless spoken too.  Understand?”
Ben and Casey nodded and then turned to study the old man.  According to the Keeper, here sat the last remaining Immortal in Faerie, although he certainly didn’t look immortal.  His head was bowed, his shoulders slumped, and his grey hair was tangled, matted and dirty.  It hung down over his face, spilling into his lap.  He was dressed in dirty, tattered rags and did not appear to hear them when they entered.
“Oracle of Gazafar,” Marcus began, “It is I, Marcus, Keeper of the Twilight.  I have come seeking your counsel in the hour of our need.  Will you hear my question?”
“Ask,” the oracle replied in a scratchy whisper.
 “Our home in Camelot, the Twilight, is in great peril from a black dragon of Crag.  This dragon is called Zoltan, son of Zog the Terrible, and he threatens destruction upon the entire world.  His magic and power are beyond anything we have ever witnessed.  Merlin defeated him once before, but now Merlin is gone and there are none others like him.  How can we destroy this dragon and prevent him from raining destruction down upon our homes and families?”
They sat in silence, holding their breath, waiting for the oracle to respond.
“There is one who must face the dragon alone,” the oracle whispered, never moving, never looking up, “and he must use the staff of Merlin to cast a spell of confusion.  That is how Zoltan may be destroyed.”
Again, they sat quietly, waiting anxiously for the oracle to continue.  After several minutes of silence, the Keeper spoke again.
“Who is the one?”
The oracle did answer.  He never moved or even acknowledged that Marcus had just asked him a second question.  Marcus addressed him once more.
“I know you only answer one question each day, but you must tell us who.  We haven’t time to wait another day; the dragon will return in two days and destroy the Twilight.  Many people could die.”
Still, the oracle remained silent.  Marcus pulled a cloth bundle from off his shoulder.  “I brought Merlin’s staff here for safe keeping.  Zoltan desires it greatly.”  The Keeper opened the cloth bundle and removed the staff, then gently laid the two halves before the oracle.  “Merlin’s staff is broken.  We cannot use it.”

*****
CHAPTER 26
DIFFICULT DECISIONS

The oracle raised his head and, for the first time, they were able to look upon his face.  Casey gasped and put her hand over her mouth, while Ben slowly scooted back.  When Marcus told them the oracle did not have any eyes, they were thinking that the Creator, or the Immortals, took his sight and that he was simply blind.  However, his eyes had actually been removed; where his eyes should have been, there was only smooth skin.  There were no scars, no eyebrows, nothing.  It was as if he had been born without them.
“Hand me the wizard’s stick,” the oracle whispered.
The Keeper picked up the broken staff and, very reverently, handed the two halves to the oracle.  The old man took the pieces from the elf and joined the broken ends together.  The spell catcher flashed a brilliant green.  It was so bright and so blinding that Ben, Casey, and even Marcus had to close their eyes and turn their heads.  When the light in the spell catcher winked out, it took a moment for everyone’s eyes to adjust to the dim light in the cave.
“Look!” Casey gasped.
 The staff was whole.  Marcus reached out to take it, but the oracle pulled it back.
“It is not for you,” he whispered.
“Who then?” asked the Keeper, with a puzzled expression.
“Ben Alderman.  The staff belongs to Ben Alderman.  Through him, the spell of confusion will bring about the fall of Zoltan.  By his hand, the dragon shall be destroyed.”  
Marcus sat there stunned.  He had been correct all along; Ben was the one and now the prophecies were unfolding right in front of him.  But still, Ben was a child.  What chance did he have of facing a dragon, one as evil, wicked, and powerful as Zoltan?
“Is there no other way?” he asked, knowing full well the oracle would answer no more questions today.  Then to his great amazement, the oracle slowly began to stand.  Marcus hopped to his feet and grabbed the children up too.  He pulled the kids aside as the oracle took a shaky step toward the cave entrance.  He watched speechlessly as the oracle took another step and another.  Soon the oracle stood at the threshold of the cave and there he paused.
“It is finished,” he whispered.
“Venus?” said Marcus.
“Yes,” said the oracle looking over his shoulder and smiling, “it is I,” and with that, Venus, the last Immortal on Faerie, for the first time in over a thousand of years, stepped out of the cave.  When the sun fell on him, a radiant burst of white light temporarily blinded the Keeper and the kids.
When they looked again, the old man was gone.  Standing on the path, in front of the cave, was a towering man with bronze skin and flaxen gold hair that fell about his shoulders in loose curls.  The man was even taller than Amos.  He was clothed in white robes, but the attire did nothing to hide the powerful built body beneath the garments.  He turned and smiled at Marcus and the children.  His eyes twinkled.  They were the most remarkable eyes too; they were like chips of blue sea ice.  They were like… elfin eyes; bright, piercing, and fierce.  He turned and walked to the edge of the path.  He stood there for a moment, looking out at the great city that was named after him.  Then he leapt from the mountain.  The Keeper rushed out of the cave and peered over the edge of the drop-off, just beyond the path.  There was no sign of Venus anywhere.  He had simply vanished.
“Where did he go,” asked Casey, leaning out and staring at the rocky slopes below.  Ben grabbed the back of her shirt and pulled her away from the ledge.  Heights made him queasy.
“He has gone home,” Marcus answered, “and we should be on our way home too.  Rather than the answer I was seeking, I seem to be returning with more questions and, now there is no one to answer them.”
“Do I have to face the dragon?” Ben asked.
“NO!” Casey answered quickly.  “Do you think for one minute that Grandma would let you do something like that?”
“I guess not,” Ben answered, looking somewhat relieved.  “What do you think, Marcus?  Do you think there is any other way to defeat Zoltan?”
“I agree with Casey.  Louise will not allow it.  Don’t let it worry you now.  We’ll talk about it when we return to the lodge.  Get the staff from the cave and let’s be on our way.”
****
“How long have they been gone?” asked Hob, peering out the window at the two stones that marked the beginning of the trail to the oracle’s cave.
“They should be back by now,’ Louise answered.  “I hope nothing has happened.”
“There they are!” Hob exclaimed.  “Look!  They still have Merlin’s staff and it looks as if it has been mended too!  I wonder why Ben is carrying it.”
Louise glanced out the window.  Marcus was coming down the path, toward the two gate stones, with Ben and Casey behind him.  Hob was right.  Ben appeared to have the wizard’s staff in his possession and was using it like a hiking stick.  Hob made a dash for the door and everyone followed him out onto the lawn to meet them.
“What did the oracle tell you?” asked Louise.
“Who fixed the staff?” Amos inquired.
“What did the oracle look like?” Gob questioned.
Marcus held his hand up to quiet everyone.  “Gabriel and Jonah, I need for you to return to the Twilight and make sure that the final preparations are complete.  Do some trial runs with the catapults and then anchor them in place and hide them.  Position the Faerie oaks so that they are completely concealed from the castle wall and towers.  We will join you in a few hours.”
Gabriel and Jonah hurried back to the lodge and out into the open square.  The Faerie oak trembled, sending faint vibrations down to its deep, widespread roots.  The vibrations traveled through the ground, across the meadow, to a small group of white horses that were grazing on the tender spring grasses.  Two of the horses lifted their heads, turned, and gazed toward Mount Gazafar.  With a quick ninny, and a swish of their tails, they were off, racing across the fields to answer the beckoning call of the Faerie oak.  Their masters needed them.  There was urgency in the call.  There was a pressing need for speed.
Once Gabriel and Jonah were on their way back to the Merlin tree, Marcus led everyone to a room at the end of the west wing of the lodge.  In the center of the room, a large horseshoe shaped table faced the exterior wall of the room.  This exterior wall opened to an outdoor patio where a beautiful fountain of water trickled down a pyramid of smooth round stones and pebbles.  The afternoon shadows were growing long.   The westerly sun and the warm spring breezes, accompanied with the musical tinkling fountain, had a calming and soothing effect on everyone present.  It was exactly what Marcus what hoping for.  He asked everyone to take a seat at the table and to listen.
“We have spoken with the oracle and he has answered the question I put to him.  I asked him, very simply, how we could defeat Zoltan.  His answer, though lacking in details, was very simple too.”  Marcus paused and glanced at Louise who was staring at him intently.  “His answer,” Marcus continued, “was that Ben would be the one to destroy the dragon.”
Everyone stared at the Keeper, not quite believing what they had just heard, while Louise quickly stood and smoothed her dress.  She glared at the Keeper.
“Come along children.  We are going home.”  Casey hopped up from the table and ran to her grandma.  “Come on Ben, move it!”
Ben, however, ignored his sister and remained at the table with a thoughtful expression on his face.  He pushed his glasses up on his nose and began rubbing his chin.  Casey hated it when he did that because it usually meant he was thinking about something foolish.
“Not yet,” he answered, “there’s got to be another way to beat this dragon.”  He looked at the Keeper for confirmation, but Marcus sadly smiled and shook his head.
“No, Ben, the oracle has seen a future that is hidden from me.  To defeat Zoltan, you must face him and, somehow cast a spell of confusion on him; of that, I am certain.  I suspect that he will be less wary with a child presenting the staff to him and you will be able to catch him off guard.”
“What does the spell do?”
“The spell slows your reflexes and makes it difficult to think and to move.  It is a very weak spell and will only addle him for a second, maybe two, but that may be the critical time we need to ensnare him with the catapults and chains.”
“How close do I have to be to the dragon to cast the spell?  Can I hide in one of the castle towers and cast it from there, without him seeing me?”
“I only wish you could.  The spell being a weak one must be cast head on and in close proximity.  Remember, the oracle said that you must face the dragon and cast the spell.”
Ben thought for a moment.  He looked over at his grandma and sister.  Louise was gripping the back of a chair with white knuckled fists and Casey was latched onto her arm.  He looked at Amos and his three dwarf friends.  Amos sat silently, studying him intently.  Hob, Gob, and Nob sat on the edge of their seats staring at him with open admiration.  There was no doubt in their minds that he could slay the dragon.  Ben turned back to the Keeper.
“How do you know that I can even cast a spell?  I’m not a wizard, or a magician, or anything like that!”
“There is our problem.  I am afraid you cannot cast a spell.  It is impossible.”
“No it isn’t,” said Hob.
“Yes, it is,” the Keeper insisted.  “Ben does not possess the ability to perform magic.”
“Oh, but he does,” Hob insisted.  “Gabriel and I have seen him.”
“When and where?  Please explain.”
“Last summer,” Hob answered, “when we were seeking the witch, Ben used magic to defeat her.” 
“That was not Ben’s magic,” Amos pointed out, “but the witch’s own magic that was cast back on her from the spell catcher.”
“That’s it!” Marcus shouted.  The Keeper jumped up from his chair and slammed his fist down on the table.  “That’s it!  I cannot believe I did not see this.  You are a genius Hob!”
“Would someone tell me what’s going on?” Ben cried.
“What Hob is saying is that you actually can cast the spell, Ben.  You do not need magic.  You have the staff of Merlin and there is a spell catcher on the end of the staff.”
“I don’t get it.”
“Venus said the staff was now yours.  That means if I cast a spell at you while you are holding the staff, the spell catcher on the end of the staff will catch the spell.  As long as you are holding the staff, the spell catcher will hold the spell.  If you lay the staff down, the spell will be released, but if you touch someone with the staff, I will bet the spell will be transferred to the person you touch.  That is what happened with the witch; you were wearing a small spell catcher on a necklace when she tried to turn you into stone.  When she grabbed you, her own spell was transferred back onto her.”
“So, you’re thinking about casting the spell of confusion at me while I am holding the staff, and then sending me out to touch the dragon?” Ben asked incredulously.
“That’s exactly what I’m thinking!  It’s brilliant.  Zoltan will not see it coming.  All you will have to do is wait for him on top of the tower.  When he lands on the wall, you walk forward, kneel down, and present the staff to him.  The minute he touches the staff you run for the tower and we will launch the chains from the catapults.”
“That sounds too dangerous,” said Amos.  “I do not like the idea of Ben getting that close to the dragon.”
“Amos is right,” Louise agreed.  “It is just too risky.”
“No, it is not.  I would not do anything that would jeopardize Ben’s life, Louise.  You know that.  This will work.  The dragon will not harm him, I promise.”
“How do you know that?” asked Casey.  “You’ve said yourself that you cannot see the future where Zoltan is concerned.”
“Yes, but I know this dragon.  He will want to take the staff and then play with Ben, like a cat with a mouse.  He is vain, prideful, wicked, and evil.  He will want to see Ben cower in fear, but he will not have a chance.  With me casting the spell, I can make it as powerful as possible.  This will work, I tell you!”
“Can we try it out now?” Ben asked.
“Absolutely,” Marcus answered.  “I think we must.  Amos, you are the largest person here.  Will you help us with this test?”
“Sure,” the big man answered.  “What can I do?”
“You and Ben come with me outside and stand beside one another.  Ben, bring the staff.”
Out on the patio, Louise watched over her grandson and fretted.  Merlin’s staff was taller than Ben and, standing there beside Amos, she was reminded of the story of David and Goliath.  Against impossible odds, David, a child himself, had slain a giant with a small stone and a slingshot.  Ben had greater resources available to him than a small stone and a slingshot, but he was going up against a fire breathing dragon.
“Okay,” said Ben.  “What do we do now?”
“After I cast the spell at you,” Marcus answered, “I want you to hand the staff to Amos.  Amos, when Ben hands you the staff, reach out and touch it.  After you touch the staff, I want you to try to catch him.”
“Is that all?” Amos asked, while scratching his head.  “That shouldn’t be too hard.”
“We shall see,” Marcus replied, with a twinkle in his eye.  “Ben, as soon as he touches the staff, I want you to run back inside.  Got it?”
Ben nodded and held the staff out in front of him.  The Keeper stretched his arm out, his hand open and his palm facing Ben.  He whispered something and then lowered his arm.
“It is done.”
Ben turned to Amos and held out the staff.  Amos did not like magic and this made him very nervous, but he knew he had to do it.  It wasn’t just Ben’s life that was in danger; it was everyone’s.  Slowly he reached out toward the staff, extended a finger, and touched it.
Ben snatched the staff back and ran across the patio, back into the lodge.  He expected Amos to snatch him up almost immediately, but once he was inside, he turned around and was shocked at what he saw.

*****
CHAPTER 27
FINAL PREPARATIONS

Amos was on his hands and knees, feeling around the patio, talking loudly, completely unaware of the others around him.
“Oh no, the meat is spoiling!  Where is my pot?  I know it is here somewhere and I must find it!  Where are my potatoes?”
The big man was groping about, frantically searching for his pot and potatoes.  Then, slowly, his eyes seemed to focus and he sat up and stared at the Keeper.
“Marcus?  I’m confused.  What’s going on here?”
Hob, Gob, and Nob were howling with laughter as the Keeper extended a hand to help Amos up onto his feet.  “You just experienced the spell of confusion.  It’s wearing off now and you should be back to normal in a few more seconds.”
“That was weird,” Amos remarked.  “One second, I was reaching out to touch the staff and I was all tense, ready to grab for Ben, and then I sorta blacked out.  The next thing I know, I find myself down on my hands and knees, fumbling around on the patio, searching for some blasted cookware so that I could start preparing my supper.  It was crazy.”
“Is that what it will do to the dragon?” asked Louise.
“Yes,” Marcus answered, “but not quite so grand and it will not last nearly as long.”
“Will it last long enough for me to get back inside the tower?” Ben asked, with a worried expression.
“It certainly will,” said Marcus, trying his best to sound upbeat and positive.  “The very instant Zoltan touches the staff we will sound trumpets to signal the catapults.  The blaring trumpets, right after the spell, will confuse him even more.  We only need for him to be off guard for that one precious second and that will allow us to ensnare him.  You will be absolutely safe, Ben.”
“Do we have enough time to get back to the castle and do a test-run?”
“A test-run?”
“Yes.  You know, try it out on top of the tower where it will actually happen.”
“Yes, that’s exactly what I had hoped we would do.  It is now close to morning back on Camelot.  It will be daylight by the time we get back and we will run through it a couple of times.  After that, you will need to get some rest.”
“Marcus,” Louise called.  She had her hands planted firmly on her hips and she was wearing that stern grandmother face that makes it impossible for someone to tell a lie.  “I think you are hiding something.”
The Keeper raised his eyebrows.  “I am hiding nothing.”
“Okay, then you are not telling us everything.  You really do not know if this plan of yours will work, yet you seem very confident that Ben will be okay.  What are you not telling us?  Out with it!”
Marcus looked around the room and weighed his options.  Everyone was watching him expectantly.  He could not speak of the prophecy.  Not yet.  He was sure that Ben was the one, but it was important that Ben not know of the prophecy.  He thought for a moment, and then spoke.
“You know that I cannot see the future where Zoltan is concerned.  That is why we came here; to speak to the oracle whose sight is further than mine and much stronger.  The oracle has foreseen the death of the dragon; that is how I know this plan will work, but how do I know that Ben will be safe?  I know this because I have seen a glimpse of Ben’s future beyond tomorrow.”
“Are you certain?”
“I am positive, Louise.”
“Then why didn’t you say so?  Good gracious, that would have relieved a lot of worry, tension, and stress!”
“I did not say anything because the events that will take place in Ben’s future must happen of their own accord.  It is very important that I not influence his choices in the future that I have seen.”
“I still don’t understand,” Louise grumbled.  “Do you mind explaining?”
“Louise, if you were walking down a path and came across a venomous snake, what would you do?”
“What’s that have to do with anything?”
“Humor me, please.”
“I would find a stick and then I would kill it.”
“And if I had seen your future, I could tell you before you went down that path that you would encounter a venomous snake.  I also could tell you not to fear, because the snake would not bite you.”
“So?  I’m still not following you!”
“So, if I told you that the snake would not bite you, then you might not feel compelled to pick up a stick and kill it.  You might decide to step right over it and, if you did so, the snake may have bitten you.  By knowing your future, you altered it.”
Lousie thought for a moment.  It was all so confusing.  Finally Ben spoke.
“I understand what he is saying, Grandma.  It makes perfect sense and I feel much better now.  Let’s get back to the castle and get everything ready.  We have a dragon to slay.”
The three dwarves cheered loudly.  They never doubted for a moment that Ben would defeat Zoltan.
“In this future that you have seen,” said Louise to Marcus, “was Ben healthy and unharmed?”
“Rest assured, Zoltan will not harm him,” the Keeper answered.  “I know this.”
“Well, I still don’t like it,” said Louise, “but if you are positive, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that Ben will be safe, then I will allow it.  We really cannot let Camelot be destroyed.”
“Good!  Then, let us be leaving; we have much to do when we get back.”
Back on Camelot, the storm had abated and the morning sun was shining brightly, although it was still bitterly cold.  The temperatures were well below freezing and a deep blanket of snow covered the castle and the surrounding forest.  After a hasty breakfast, Hob, Gob, and Nob, before going out to inspect the catapults, chains, and anchor stones, left for the stables to tend to their ponies.  Amos accompanied them and promised Ben to see him again at noon-day meal.  Louise and Casey followed Ben and Marcus to the top of the tower, where Gabriel was waiting for them.  From here, the Twilight forest fanned out from the castle in all directions.  Under the bright winter sun, the storm’s deposit of snow and ice sparkled intensely on the white-capped Faerie oaks below them.
“We have cleared away the snow up here,” said Gabriel, “spread a layer of salt to melt the icy spots, dried the stones, and swept them clean.  There shouldn’t be any problems with footing.  Jonah is stationed in the south tower to sound the horn that will be a signal for Ben to run.  I have also brought a stick of the same size and thickness as Merlin’s staff, as you have asked.”
“Excellent,” Marcus replied, taking the stick and handing it to Ben.  “Tomorrow, we will have scouts watching the skies, from all corners of the forest.  When Zoltan is spotted, a trumpet blast will alert us to his approach.  At that point, you will walk out here with the staff, so that he will be sure to see you when he arrives.  I expect him to land in the same place; on top of the castle wall adjoining this tower.  When he lands, he will raise up to his full height so that he can see you.  It is important that you hand him the staff, so that the spell will be transferred.  As soon as you hear the horn from the south tower, you will need to run for the door as fast as you are able.”
“Where will I need to stand?”
“Stand here, in the center.  Once he lands, you will have to get closer to him to hand over the staff.”  Marcus walked to the edge of the tower.  “It is about forty feet from here to the door.  Come here and hand me the stick.  As soon as it touches my hand, Jonah will sound the horn.  When you hear the horn, let go of the staff and make for the door.”
Ben walked toward the Keeper.  This was only a practice run and, even though the Keeper assured them that he would not be harmed, he wanted to make certain he could get to the door as fast as possible.  When he was standing before Marcus, he stopped and stretched out his arm, extending the stick.  Marcus reached for it and as soon his hand touched it, Jonah blasted a long, loud note on the trumpet.  Ben let go of the stick, whirled around, and ran for the door.
“RUN BEN!” Casey yelled.  “Faster, faster, faster!”
Ben made it to the tower door in a flash.  It had to be the fastest he had ever run!
“That was soooo slow,” Casey chided him.  “Come on, let’s do it again and this time we’ll race.”
Ben felt his ears heating up.  He knew they were turning red and he couldn’t blame it on the cold either.  There was nothing he could do but try again, but this time he was going to beat his sister.  This time, he was going to beat her in a race if it killed him.  He walked back across the top of the tower to Marcus.  The Keeper handed him the stick as Casey walked over to join them.
“Come here, Ben,” said Marcus.  The Keeper reached beneath his cloak and pulled out a small flask.  “Drink this.  It will make you faster.”
“Really?”
Marcus nodded and gave him a conspiratorial wink.  Ben took the flask and drained it.
“That tastes like water.  What is it?”
“It is a special drink from Faerie.  All of the elfin horses drink this and there are none faster in all of Camelot.”
“Wow,” said Ben.  “Let’s try again!  Forget the staff and the horn,” he instructed the Keeper, “just say this; on your mark, get set, go.  When you say go we’ll race to the door again.  First one through the door wins and the loser has to do the other’s chores for a whole month.”
“You’re on!” said Casey.
“On your mark,” called Marcus.  
The two kids lined up, side-by-side. 
“Get set!”  
Ben and Casey crouched low, ready to spring into action.
“GO!”
The two kids shot across the top of the tower.  Although Casey was faster, Ben got the jump on her and, for the first time in his life, actually beat her in a fair race.  He shot through the tower door with Casey right on his heels.
“Woo-hooooo!” he yelled.  “That was awesome!  Will you have some of that for me to drink tomorrow?”
“Absolutely,” Marcus replied.
“This will be a piece of cake,” Ben beamed.  “Let’s go tell Amos and Hob, Gob, and Nob.  They will be relieved to hear about this!  I want some of that drink to take home with me, Marcus; it will sure come in handy when school starts back.  I have P.E. next semester.  Come on guys, I’m getting hungry too.”
Ben disappeared down the staircase.  He was in such high spirits that Casey found it hard to begrudge him the win.  Besides, it wasn’t really a fair race; he drank a magic potion that gave him speed.  There was nothing fair about that!
“He never has beaten me in a race before,” she commented to Marcus.  “What was in that flask you gave him?”
“It was only water,” the Keeper replied with a smile and a wink, “but do not tell him until after all of this is over.  He will need both confidence and courage when he faces the dragon.”
“Wow, he really did beat me.”
“Yes, he beat you fairly.  Be happy for him too; he will need all the speed he can muster tomorrow.”
“Oh, I am happy for him.  I just not happy about all of the chores I will be doing for him when we get back home.”
Marcus laughed and wrapped his arm around Casey’s shoulder.  “Come; let’s see if we can catch up with our little speedster.”
By the time Amos and the three dwarves arrived back at the keep, it was well past noon and the dwarves were complaining of starving.  Marcus knew they would be hungry and had a grand feast prepared for everyone; there were fresh baked breads and roast meats heaped with steaming piles of potatoes, carrots, and onions.  There were hoops of various cheeses and platters mounded with all manner of fruit.  While everyone ate, Marcus went over the plans they had laid out for tomorrow.
“We will have scouts stationed all along the perimeter of the forest.  They will be watching the skies and, when Zoltan is spotted, they will sound their horns.  Ben will be waiting in the tower alone.  If Zoltan sees anyone lurking about he will suspect foul play and we do not want to put him on guard.  Ben, as soon as you hear the horns, you walk out into the center of the tower and wait for Zoltan.  You will be carrying the staff and he will be sure to see it.  The castle wall adjoining the tower is the only place where he can perch.  He landed there on his last visit and he will land there tomorrow as well.  When he does alight, wait for him to rise up to his full height.  If he speaks to you, treat him with respect and act fearful.  Answer his questions, but do not provide any more information other than what he asks.  When he tells you to bring him the staff, approach him slowly.  Do not look into his eyes, but look down and concentrate on listening for the horn blast.  Gabriel will be in the south tower with a horn and he will be watching you closely.  When he sees the dragon touch the staff, he will sound his horn.  When you hear the horn, let go off the staff and run for the tower, just like you did this morning.  Can you do that?”
Ben nodded.  Suddenly he wasn’t so sure of himself anymore.  What was he thinking?  This was a fire-breathing dragon!  This was a creature that could swallow him whole or incinerate him on the spot.  He swallowed the lump that was rising in his throat and nodded.
“Good.  There are six catapults hidden within the forest, just outside the castle walls.  The Faerie Oaks have positioned themselves so that the catapults cannot be seen from above.  Hob, Gob, and Nob will be manning crews at each of these catapults.  When Gabriel sounds his horn, the Faerie Oaks will part and the dwarves will launch the catapults.  Hob, is everything in order and ready for launch?”
“Absolutely!  While we were in Faerie, we left instructions for test shots to be fired using heavy ropes, weighted with sacks of dirt.  We did some fine tuning and made some adjustments to the trajectories and the chain lengths.  We are confident that we will ensnare the dragon.”
“How will this work?” asked Louise.  She was beginning to have doubts, like Ben, and was thinking of pulling him out of their plans.
“Each catapult is loaded with an anchor stone; a great slab of heavy granite with an iron ring driven deep into it.  There are three other anchor stones outside of the castle.  These are located at the base of the curtain wall; just below where Zoltan will land.  These stones are colossal; each one is five times larger than any of the stones in the catapults and, they too, have enormous iron rings driven deep into them.  A heavy chain, connected to an anchor stone in a catapult, runs across the ground to the anchor stone beside the castle wall.  The chain is threaded through the iron ring and runs back into the forest where it connects to another anchor stone in a different catapult.  The chains are of such length, that when the stones are launched over the dragon, their trajectories will be cut short, causing them to fall inside the castle wall.  That will be six heavy chains, holding the dragon down with a tremendous amount of weight.”
“I see,” Ben exclaimed, “but will the rocks go through their trajectory fast enough to catch the dragon?”
“That’s where the spell of confusion comes in,” said Hob.  “It will addle him long enough for the chains to snap down on top of him very tightly and once he is secured, we will rush out to throw more chains on him.  We have to get his head and his tail immobilized and then we should be able to control him.”
“Well, it appears that everything is in order,” Marcus remarked.  “Let’s get some rest.  Remember, our trip to Faerie has robbed you of a night’s sleep.”
“Hey, you’re right!” said Casey.  “No wonder I am so tired.”
“Jonah will wake you for supper.  Sleep well.”

*****
CHAPTER 28
RED DAWN

As tired as he was, Ben found it difficult to fall asleep.  As soon as he closed his eyes and started drifting, images of prickly fanged dragons with razor sharp talons would jolt him awake.  He tossed and turned for the remainder of the day, lingering in that torturous state between restful sleep and waking.  When Jonah came to get them for supper, Ben was even more tired than he was before he lay down.
After such a heavy lunch, the supper was light; steaming bowls of beef broth and crunchy wafers of bread.  No one was very hungry.  Even the dwarves were not their usual selves, although they did have seconds and thirds.  The conversation at the table revolved around mundane things.  No one wanted to talk about the dragon.  Amos talked about all of the chores he needed to do when he returned to his cabin.  Hob, Gob, and Nob discussed the new stable designs for Castle Twilight, while Louise went over her Christmas to-do-list with Ben and Casey.
“What is this Christmas celebration you are planning?” Gabriel asked Louise.  “It sounds like a very joyous occasion.”
“Oh, it is,” Louise exclaimed.  “It’s a very special holiday that we celebrate once a year.  Before the holiday arrives, we buy presents for our all of our loved ones.  We wrap the presents with shiny paper and tie pretty ribbons around them.  Then we place the presents under the Christmas tree and we have to wait until Christmas Eve or Christmas morning before we can open them.”
“What is a Christmas tree?” asked Nob.
“It’s an evergreen tree,” Casey answered.  Christmas was her favorite holiday and planning for it with her Grandma had taken her mind off the task that lay before them.  “You know, like a cedar tree.  Some people use fir trees, some people use pines.  You cut the tree down a week or so before Christmas and place it in your house where everyone can see it.  You have to put it in a bucket of water so it will stay fresh and green.  We decorate the tree with lights, ornaments, garland, and tinsel.”
“How do you put lights on a tree?” asked Gob.  “Is it magic?”
“No, it’s called electricity.  I can’t explain it, but I guess it would seem like magic to you.”
“What kind of lights?”
“Some people use tiny lights, some people use big lights. Some use multi-colored lights; red, green, blue, and orange.  Others will use only one color.  Tiny white lights are very pretty.”
“What about the other stuff?” asked Hob.  “Tell us about the ornaments, the garland, and tinsel.”
“The ornaments,” said Ben, jumping into the conversation, “can be colored glass balls or small figurines.”
“What kind of figurines?”
“Any kind!  Birds, snowmen, deer, flowers… it doesn’t matter, as long as it is pretty.”
“It does sound wonderful,” Marcus remarked.  “Is the holiday over after the presents are given?”
“Oh, no,” said Louise.  “We usually have a big feast before we open the presents and after opening the presents we might sing some carols.  Those are songs about Christmas.”
“Sing one song for us,” Marcus asked.  “I am most curious to hear one and if it will lift our spirits, then it is a good thing.”
“Okay,” Louise replied, turning to the children.  “How about Deck the Halls?”
Ben and Casey nodded.
“I’ll start.”  Louise cleared her throat and began to sing.  Ben and Casey joined in.

Deck the halls with boughs of holly
Fah-la-la-la-lah, la-lah-lah-la
Tis the season to be jolly
Fah-la-la-la-lah, la-lah-lah-la
Don we now our gay apparel
Fah-la-lah, la-la-lah, lah-lah-lah
Toll the ancient yuletide carol
Fah-la-la-la-lah, la-lah-lah-lah.

“It is a wonderful song,” Marcus exclaimed.  “You must teach us the rest of it!”
Louise ran through two more verses with Ben and Casey, while Hob, Gob, and Nob joined in on the Fah-la-la-la-lahs.  The dwarves loved the Christmas song too and wanted to learn more songs, but Marcus called a halt to the singing.
“Ben, you look tired.  Did you rest well this afternoon?”
“Not really.  I tossed and turned and never really got to sleep.”
The Keeper whispered something to Jonah.  The elf nodded and then left the room.  A minute later, he returned with a steaming cup of tea and a small wooden box.  Marcus opened the box and pulled out a small, dry, fuzzy leaf.  He crumbled the leaf into the tea and handed it to Ben.
“What’s this?”
“That,” Marcus replied, pointing at the cup, “is a simple tea, but this,” he said, plucking another leaf from the box, “is a leaf from a dream-stealer.”
“That doesn’t sound good,” said Louise.  “What does it do?”
“The dream-stealer is a plant that grows in Faerie.  It will give you a deep, refreshing, and dreamless sleep.  Elves rarely sleep, but often we will use the dream-stealer when we are weary and need refreshing.”
“Then get us all one,” Louise exclaimed.
After everyone finished their tea, they retired to their rooms for the night.  Everything was in place and tomorrow’s encounter with the dragon was just hours away.  Ben did not believe that he would be able to sleep, but once he crawled into his bed and pulled the covers up around his chin, he fell fast asleep before his head could even settle into his pillow.  Just as Marcus said, it was a deep, peaceful sleep.  It was a sleep without dreams.  It was a refreshing sleep.  It was a sleep that was over all too soon for everyone.
Marcus woke everyone an hour before daybreak.  No one ate breakfast.  Even the dwarves were too nervous to eat; a fact that did not go unnoticed by Ben and it made him extremely edgy.  While Louise bundled him up in the warm elfin cloaks, Gabriel stopped by to wish him well.
“I will be in the South Tower, watching over you.  Listen for my horn.  When you hear it, run.  Run like you did yesterday and you will be fine.”
“I will,” said Ben.  “Hey, that reminds me!  Marcus, do you have that special drink?”
The Keeper reached beneath his cloak and pulled out the flask.  “I had it filled while you slept,” he said, as he handed the flask to Ben.  “Take a swallow when you hear the horns signaling that the dragon has been spotted.  You will be able to fly across the top of the tower.”
“Thanks.”  Ben took the flask and stuffed it into the side pocket on his tunic.  At that moment, Jonah walked into the room.  He was carrying Merlin’s staff.
“It’s time,” said the Keeper.
Louise and Casey hugged him and kissed him.  Amos started to tousle his hair, but stopped.  The big man studied Ben intently for a moment and then reached out to shake Ben’s hand.  Ben’s hand was swallowed inside of Amos’ big meaty fist.  The big man leaned over and whispered, “I will be near.”
Ben nodded and swallowed the lump that was rising in his throat.  Hob, Gob, and Nob filed by on their way to the catapults.
“We will see you again at noon day meal,” said Hob.
“Yes, I imagine it will take most of the morning to haul off the dragon’s carcass,” said Nob.  “We will have worked up quite an appetite by then!”
“See you in a few hours,” said Gob.
As the dwarves filed out of the room, Ben said one more goodbye to his grandma and to his sister.  Casey was tearing up and Ben could clearly see the worry and fear on his grandma’s face.  He tried to be brave.  He told them not to worry and assured them that everything would be okay; after all, the oracle had said so.
On top of the tower, to the right of the entrance, Ben was delighted to find that Marcus had built a fire and provided a comfortable chair for him to sit in.  The sky was dark and the stars glittered brightly, but a faint tinge of gray on the eastern horizon announced that morning was upon them.
“Amos will be joining us in a moment,” said Marcus.  “He was going to make certain the chains leading from the anchor stones into the forest were well concealed beneath the snow.”
“Are you two staying up here with me?” Ben asked, hopefully.
“No, but we will be waiting upon the staircase, just inside the tower.  A dragon’s eyesight is keener than that of an eagle and we do not want Zoltan to see anyone up here, but you.  His hearing and sense of smell is far above that of any creature in Camelot too, so we cannot be too close lest he hear us or smell us, and suspect a trap.  Look, the sun is rising!  Hold forth the staff.”
Ben stood and held the staff in front of him.  The Keeper stretched out his arm, his palm open toward Ben, and whispered his magic, casting the spell in the elfin tongue of Faerie.
“There, it is ready.  The spell of confusion is in the spell catcher and I must now leave you, for morning is truly upon us.  Until this dreadful task is over, fare thee well, Ben Alderman, dragon slayer.”  With that said, the Keeper turned and left the tower.
Ben pulled the chair up close to the fire and sat.  He never felt more alone or more afraid in his entire life.  The sun was indeed rising and the skies, as if heralding the coming dragon, were now streaked with angry reds and bright oranges.  However, below the tower, in the icy snow-covered forest, the birds were busy greeting the new day with song.  One bird, in particular, had caught Ben’s attention.  He guessed it to be a mocking bird, because the song was a hodge-podge of happy melodies.
Tweet-tweet-twa-deedle-deeee!  Tweet-tweet-twa-deedle-deeeeeee!
Varooooooo-oooooommmmm.
Tweet-tweet-twa-deedle-deeee!  Tweet-tweet-twa-deedle-deeeeee!
Varooooooo-ooooooommmmm.
Ben leapt from his chair.  Those were the horns!  Quickly he made his way to the center of the tower.  The magic drink!  He fumbled in his pockets for the flask Marcus had given him.  It was in a deep pocket on the side of his coat and it was stuck!  He could not lay the staff down now or it would release the spell.  Frantically, he yanked at the oblong silver container with his free hand, until it finally came out.  There was a spec on the horizon.  Was it a bird?  Was it the dragon?  Ben held the staff in the crook of his arm and tried to open the flask, but his poor hands were shaking so badly that he dropped it.  Dismayed, he stooped down and snatched it up, before all of the precious liquid could escape.  There was only a small swallow left in the bottle, but it would have to do, because that was not a bird on the horizon; it was Zoltan.  The dragon was approaching so fast that Ben could now make out its great wings, long tail, and spiny head.  He screwed the lid back onto the Keeper’s flask and stuffed it back inside of his pocket.  This was it.
Down in the forest, hidden beneath the Faerie oaks, Hob, Gob, and Nob pulled their axes from their belts when the first horns sounded.  Each dwarf stood by a firing mechanism that operated two catapults.  The next horn would be the signal to cut the rope in front of them, releasing the catapults and flinging the anchor stones and chains over the dragon.
In the south tower, Gabriel warmed the mouthpiece of his horn between his hands.  The scouts had sounded the alarm and Gabriel could see the dragon, framed against the fiery sunrise, bearing down on Castle Twilight with amazing speed.  He watched Ben, on the north tower, stooping over to pick up something he had dropped.  The dragon would be upon him in less than a minute.
Inside the north tower, Marcus and Amos stood in the stairwell, straining to hear what took place up above.  When the horns sounded, Amos tensed and the air about him began to shimmer.  The Keeper placed his hand upon the big man’s arm and shook his head.  Amos clenched his fists and beads of sweat began to pop out along his forehead.  It was all he could do to keep from transforming and rushing to Ben’s aid, but he knew that he could be of no use against a fire breathing dragon from Crag.  No, he would have to wait and trust in the prophecy of the oracle; the one Marcus called Venus.
Zoltan circled the castle twice.  There was no one to be found but a small child upon the north tower, where he had last spoken with the Keeper.  The child was holding what appeared to be Merlin’s staff.  Zoltan in his pride imagined the elves and dwarves too afraid to face him.  This child was some form of sacrifice, some token of submission, a silent plea to spare their castle and forest.  He circled once more, coming in lower, and spread his great wings to glide to a landing spot on the castle wall, exactly where he had landed before.
Ben watched the dragon soar over the tree tops as he came in for a landing.  It was amazing that anything so large could fly.  It defied logic.  As the dragon neared the tower, he spread his wings, breaking against the air, and extended his powerful legs to find purchase on the castle wall below.  Things were going according to plan.  Ben swallowed the lump in his throat as he waited for Zoltan to rise up from the wall and peer over the tower.  In the bitter coldness, his breath came out in quick short bursts of frozen white.  He could feel his throat starting to tighten and hastily retrieved his inhaler from his pants pocket.  After firing two quick bursts into his mouth, he dropped the inhaler into the coat pocket with the Keeper’s flask and concentrated on his breathing.  Slow and easy, in and out.  Slow and easy, in and out.  A scaly black claw tipped with long razor talons appeared over the edge of the tower and Ben’s throat threatened to close up again.  Slow and easy, in and out.  Slow and easy, in and out.

*****
CHAPTER 29
THE GREATEST SACRIFICE

A second claw appeared on the rim of the tower and then, between the two claws, the shiny black spikes that adorned the dragon’s head rose up from below the tower.  Slowly, they ascended higher into the air, until at last the dragon’s head came into view.
Upon seeing the dragon, Ben despaired and all coherent thought left him.  The beast’s head was broad and his elongated snout glistened with many teeth.  He was even bigger than Ben had imagined.  In fact, his head was larger than a car!
 “Who are you, child,” Zoltan whispered, “that the elves should send you out to meet me?  Are you a dragon slayer, perchance?  Do you hide a sword beneath those cloaks?  Or, are you a magic user, come to cast a spell upon me, as Merlin did centuries ago?”
Ben looked into the dragon’s serpentine eyes.  The irises were dark gold in color and flecked with ebony.  They looked much like a cat’s eyes.  However, the pupils were red and flickered as the dragon spoke.  Ben could feel the dragon searching his mind and he remembered what the Keeper had told him.  Quickly, he looked down at the ground.
“I sense no magic about you, boy, and you are hardly big enough to wield a sword,” Zoltan taunted.  Ben did not respond, but continued to stare at the ground.  He did not have to put on an act for the dragon; he was truly terrified and speechless.  
“It is as I suspected.  You were sent here as a sacrifice.  Poor stupid child.  Bring me the staff!”
The staff!  The plan suddenly came back to him!  The spell of confusion was locked in the spell catcher on the end of the staff.  All he had to do was hand the staff to Zoltan and then run.  He could do this.  He could do it.  He screwed up his courage and took a step.  And then everything went horribly, horribly wrong.
The Keeper’s flask held no magic potion; it was simply water.  The Keeper allowed Ben to believe it was magic to bolster his confidence and give him courage.  When Ben dropped the container earlier, most of that water had escaped.  Although the blizzard was over, it was still bitterly cold and the water quickly froze, forming a thin sheet of ice where it had spilled.  Ben stepped on this patch of ice and his foot shot out from under him.  As he fell backwards, the staff was wrenched from his grip and clattered to the ground.  The spell of confusion was gone.  GONE!  Ben looked up into the dragon’s eyes again and time froze.
Down in the forest, below the Faerie oaks, the dwarves were poised with their axes high above their heads.  They waited patiently for the signal to cut the ropes.  They strained their ears for the sound of Gabriel’s horn.  They did not have to wait for long.
Vaaaaroooooooo-oooooooooom!!!!!!
In unison, all three axes descended.  There was one solid thunk as the axes sliced through the ropes and bit into the stumps of wood that were positioned beneath the ropes and between each catapult.  When the axes cut the firing mechanism, the Faerie oaks pulled away from the catapults with such speed that the snow upon the ground around them was sucked up into the air with a great whooshing sound.  The catapults, now free of their restraints, launched the anchor stones into the air, snapping the chains up from their hiding place beneath the snow.  The dwarves watched the stones sail toward the castle in a graceful arc, trailing the chains behind them.
Ben sat up and stared at the staff.  It was over.  The oracle was wrong.  The staff had touched the ground and the spell catcher had released the spell.  Suddenly, Gabriel’s horn sliced through the cold winter air and everything around him exploded in a flurry of frenzied activity.
Zoltan whipped around to face the south tower.  The instant the horn sounded, the catapults that were hidden in the forest below launched their payload.  In that same instant, Zoltan realized that Ben was not a sacrifice, but a decoy, and sprang from the castle wall, barely evading the trap.  With a powerful leap and a single stroke of his immense wings, the dragon was able to climb high enough to escape the trajectory of the stones.
Ben watched in dismay as the huge slabs of granite sailed harmlessly below the dragon.  The slack quickly played out of the chains and jerked the rocks back to the ground with a tremendous crash, sending great clouds of snow and dirt into the air.  Zoltan banked sharply, made a tight circle, and then rolled into a dive that pointed him back at the tower.  Ben jumped to his feet just as Zoltan landed on the edge of the platform.  The enraged dragon towered over Ben and roared.  As the hideous horned head descended upon him, and the jaws parted to devour him, Ben threw up his arms and covered his head.
Inside the tower, Marcus and Amos tensed as Gabriel’s horn sounded.  Things were in motion now and Ben should be scrambling down the stairway at any moment.  The seconds slowly ticked by.
“Something’s wrong!” Amos exclaimed.
At that moment, a small figure darted between the Keeper and the big man.  The creature moved so fast that even Marcus was unable to identify it.  A deafening roar, from up above, confirmed their worst fears; things had gone amiss and Ben was in grave danger.  Amos transformed and bolted up the stairs with Marcus right behind him.
Ben had covered his head.  The dragon was going to eat him.  A million thoughts went through his mind in the split second before the dragon would consume him.  He would not be going home.  There would be no more Christmas presents to open, no more Easter Sundays, no more Fourth of July fireworks, and no more Thanksgiving turkeys.  He would never learn to drive the truck, as Grandpa had promised, never get to read another book, never get to go swimming on a hot summer day, or enjoy a toasted marshmallow on a cold winter night.  Worst of all, he would never get to see his family again. All of these thoughts occurred to him in a flash and then, abruptly, he was violently flung aside and found himself tumbling across the stone floor.
When he came to a stop, he glanced up, just in time, to see his friend Mueller standing where he had just stood.  How did he get here?  What was he doing here?  He never got the chance to ask his friend these questions, because no sooner than he had thought them, Zoltan’s jaws snapped shut around the little gnome.  In that fraction of a second, before Zoltan took him, Ben made eye contact with the brave little gnome, and Mueller smiled at him.  Then he was gone.
Amos ran across the top of the tower and positioned himself between Ben and Zoltan.  Marcus hunkered over Ben and watched in horror as Zoltan swallowed the unfortunate little gnome with one gulp.  Although Marcus could not see future events where the dragon was concerned, he was certain they were all going to die.  Ben was going to die, Amos was going to die, and he was going to die.  In fact, many, many others were going to die here today.  All was lost.  All was lost.
Zoltan quickly devoured the creature that pushed the child decoy out of harm’s way.  A large bear, followed by the elf that was called the Keeper, rushed out onto the tower to protect the boy.  Zoltan laughed.  He would burn them all.  He would burn every living thing in the entire forest and then he would pull the stones down one by one.  He stood on his hind legs, raising his head high above them so that he could dowse them all with his flames.
Ben, Amos, and Marcus watched helplessly as the dragon began to make fire in his belly.  The creature’s countenance was one of rage and hatred.  His stomach swelled with the flames he was brewing to destroy the Twilight and then a muffled explosion rocked him on his feet.  The explosion came from deep within the dragon and the force of the explosion traveled up the dragon’s throat, snapping his head back and forcing his mouth open.  A great cloud of black smoke billowed from his mouth as he teetered on the edge of the tower.  Zoltan snapped his jaws shut and looked down at Ben.  The red flames that flickered within his pupils winked out and the golden eyes glassed over.
Marcus snatched Ben up and ran.  He and Amos barely escaped being crushed as Zoltan crashed down onto the tower and rolled toward the edge.  The dragon’s tail and hind quarters slipped over the rim of the platform and slowly pulled him over the side.  There was a dull thud from below, when Zoltan crashed into the ground and then; silence.  After the all the commotion, the sudden silence was both eerie and deafening.
Amos transformed back into his human form.  He followed Ben and Marcus to the edge of the platform where Zoltan had fallen.  Zoltan was lying on the ground below, in a small clearing with Faerie oaks all around him.  Ben watched in fascination as the trees moved closer to the dead dragon.  Hundreds of great sandy roots shot up from the frozen earth and wrapped themselves around the dragon’s body.  The roots began to constrict and the frozen earth began to part.  Slowly, Zoltan was pulled down into the earth.  The roots looked like a thousand writhing snakes and the dragon sank into the ground as if it were quicksand.  In a few moments, Zoltan was gone and the Faerie oaks repositioned themselves to cover the spot where he had fallen.  It was over.
“What has happened?” asked Amos.
“It was my friend, Mueller,” Ben answered.  A tear trickled down his cheek.  He quickly wiped his face with the back of his sleeve, but another tear followed the first.  “He saved my life, Amos.  He pushed me out of the way and now he is dead.”
“Oh no, I’m so sorry, Ben.  He shot by us so fast we couldn’t tell who or what it was!”
“Do you know what killed the dragon?” Marcus asked.
“It was rock busters.  He always carried a bag of rock busters with him.  They are rocks that glow when wet, but when you put a flame to them they will explode.  The gnomes used them for blasting tunnels in the old slave mines.”
“Ah,” said Marcus, “when Zoltan made to burn us, the fires in his belly caused the rock busters to explode.  That was what killed him.  Your friend not only saved your life, Ben, he saved all of us from destruction.  He saved many, many lives with his sacrifice and it shall never be forgotten.  Come, let’s return to the keep.”
As they were walking across the tower, toward the stairway, Marcus noticed the sun glinting off something bright and shiny.  He picked it up, examined it, and then handed it to Ben.
“I believe this is yours.  It must have come loose and fell off when Mueller pushed you out of harm’s way.”
Ben took the necklace with the small gold leaf that had brought him here.  The leaf had saved his life.  It had transported him from beneath a frozen lake, back home, across time and space to the Twilight forest, here in Camelot.  He didn’t know it, but this golden leaf, made in the image of a Faerie oak leaf, had saved his life not once, but twice; if he had not lost the leaf in the Crystal Cave, and had not befriended Mueller, they would all be dead.  He clasped the necklace around his neck and followed Marcus and Amos down the winding stairs.
Back outside the castle walls, the three dwarves had seen Zoltan fall from the top of the tower.  They watched in horror as the Faerie oaks pulled the dead dragon down into the cold frozen earth.  When Zoltan was gone, they hurried out of the forest as fast as they were able.  They wanted to get far away from the strange moving trees and they were also eager to see Ben and hear his story.  Back within the castle walls, Gabriel came running from the south tower to meet them.
“Did you see it?” the elf asked, excitedly.
“Yes, we saw it.  The chains missed him entirely and Ben had to kill him,” said Hob.
They spotted Ben, Marcus, and Amos coming out of the north tower and rushed over to see them.  The three dwarves crowded around Ben, patting him on the back and congratulating him.  They had always admired Ben and held him in high esteem.  He had brought Gob back to life from drowning.  He defeated the evil witch and foiled Mordred’s plans for escaping Pluton.  He toppled Ringwald Stonebreaker’s kingdom and liberated the gnomes and now…  Now he was a dragon slayer!  Unable to contain their excitement, they fired questions at him, one right after the other, not giving him time to answer even one.
“How did you do it, Ben?”
“Yeah, did you use your inhaler?”
“What happened to the spell of confusion?  He didn’t look confused at all!”
“Not until that explosion rocked him.”
“Hey, what was that explosion anyway?”
“Did you see what those Faerie oaks did?”
“Guys,” said Ben, holding his hands up for silence.  “I didn’t kill the dragon.”
“Sure you did,” said Gob.  “We saw him.  He was deader than a lump of coal.”
“Yes, but I’m not the one who killed him,” Ben explained.
“Well, then who did?” asked Hob, yanking on his beard.
“It was Mueller.”
“Mueller Alderman?  The gnome from Kahzidar?”
“Yes,” Ben answered.  His eyes began to brim with tears again.  It was hard to believe his little friend was gone.
“Well where is he?” asked Nob, looking back at the north tower.
“And how did he get here?” Gob added.
“Let’s all go inside,” said Marcus, “and we will explain everything to everyone.  I’m sure Louise and Casey are very anxious to see that Ben is well and unharmed.”

*****
CHAPTER 30
PLANNING A PARTY

Louise and Casey were nervously waiting with Jonah by one of the fires that were burning in the main hall.  Jonah had been instructed to escort them to the Merlin tree and take them to Faerie should things go amiss.  When the doors to the keep opened, Louise and Casey jumped up from the fire and ran to the center of the great hall to see who it was.  Hob, Gob, and Nob filed in first.  Behind them were Marcus and Gabriel.  Amos towered above them all, in the rear of the line.  Where was Ben?  Louise clutched Casey’s arm and steadied herself.
“Marcus, where is my grandson?”
Marcus and Gabriel stepped to the left and Amos stepped to the right.  Ben was safe.  They simply could not see him because he was walking behind Amos.  Louise and Casey ran to embrace him.
“Is it over?” Casey asked.  “Is the dragon dead?”
“Yes,” Ben nodded.  “Zoltan is dead.”
“Are you okay, Ben?” asked Louise.  She could sense that something was wrong.  “Something is bothering you, I can tell.  What is it, sweetheart?  Are you hurt?”
All the trials of the past few days, suddenly became too much too bear and Ben could hold back the tears no longer.  He threw his arms around his Grandma and wept.  As the sobs wracked his body, Amos came over and guided everyone over to the hearth where he relayed the story of the morning’s events.
“What was Mueller doing here?” asked Gob.  “He had the opportunity to come with us through the tunnel, but he declined.  And then he made the journey on foot, through all of that snow and ice.  It just doesn’t make any sense!”
“Whatever reason brought him here,” Hob added, “we are all grateful for his bravery and sacrifice.  We are also very lucky that he was carrying that bag of rock busters.”
“Yes, we are all grateful, but I think he knew the rock busters would kill the dragon,” Nob remarked.  “He was a clever little gnome.”
“We may never know what brought him here,” said Marcus, “but I agree with everyone; we are thankful he came.  He saved us all.”
“Hey,” said Hob, slapping his knee.  “The oracle was wrong!  He didn’t say anything about a gnome slaying the dragon!”
“No, he did not, but he told us only what we needed to know for the events to unfold as he saw them.  Remember, the future is never cast in stone and knowing things in advance can alter the outcomes of the very things you see.”
Hob grabbed his beard, ready to give it a good yank.  He did not understand magic and now he feared he had put the Keeper onto a topic on which he would yammer about for hours.  Gob and Nob must have been thinking the same thing, for Gob delivered a swift kick to Hob’s shins and, as Hob hopped about, holding his injured leg in both hands, Nob began to beat him on the head with his hat.  Ben smiled.  It was hard to be sad around these three fellows.
While everyone was enjoying the dwarf’s antics, Marcus whispered something to Jonah.  Jonah nodded and quickly left the hall.
“Where is he going?” asked Louise.
“He is going to Faerie to spread the word that it is safe to return.  We have a grand celebration planned for tonight.”
“Really?  What kind of celebration?”
The three dwarves paused.  Hob was standing on one leg, rubbing his poor bruised shin with both hands.  Gob was ready to deliver another kick and Nob had his hat raised high above his head for another swipe.  Celebrations usually meant feasts and now the Keeper had their full attention, magic talk or not.
“I was thinking of a Christmas celebration.  We will spend the day decorating the castle, preparing the meals, learning more songs and such.  It will take a lot of work and we shall need your help to pull it off.  What do you think?  Are you up for it?”
“Oh, that is such a wonderful idea!  Ben?  Casey?  What do you think?  Shall we?”
“Yes!” Casey squealed.  “That will be so much fun!  How about it Ben?”
Ben nodded.  It was Christmas time and the best thing he could do to honor his friend’s memory would be to celebrate with all of his friends; friends that Mueller had saved and had come to love and cherish.  “What can we do?”
“Louise, are there any special foods that are eaten at Christmas time?”
“Of course; there are turkeys, hams, sweet potato soufflés, cornbread dressings with cranberry sauce…”
“Okay, okay,” Marcus laughed, holding up his hands to interrupt her, “would you mind going to the kitchens and giving instructions to the cooks?”
“I would be delighted,” said Louise.  As she began to list all of the things she would need for the meal, Gabriel took her by the arm and led her off to the kitchens.
“Casey, would you mind teaching us some more of your Christmas carols?”
“Absolutely!  I know a ton of songs!”
“Wonderful!  If our dwarven friends would be so kind as to accompany you to the great dining hall, I will send our best musicians there for you to instruct.  Everyone should be returning from Faerie at any moment.”
Casey and the three dwarves hurried down the hall.  The three dwarves, their quarrel forgotten, were suddenly in a very festive mood.  The prospect of a wondrous feast had lifted their spirits and they were loudly singing the refrain from Deck the Halls.  Amos winced as the fa-la-la-la-lahs echoed across the vast hallway.
“That leaves you and Amos to cover the decorations.  We’ll have the celebration here in the great hall.  It’s very large; do you think you can handle it?”
“We need a tree,” said Ben.  “Where can we find a tree?”
“I’ll take care of the tree.  You and Amos handle everything else.”
“Okay,” Ben replied.  He was suddenly getting into the Christmas spirit.  This would be fun!  “We’ll need to go out and gather lots of holly.  Maybe some pine boughs and plenty of candles too.  White candles and big red candles.  Where can we get candles?”
“I will have them waiting here for you when you return.  Anything else?”
“Hmmm…  Oh yeah, ribbons!  Lots of red ribbons!”
“Done.  Amos will be able to help you find the greenery you will need.  We have much to do, so get moving!”
Ben followed Amos back outside.  With the threat of the dragon removed, and a Christmas party in the works, Ben took in his surroundings with a fresh eye and a new attitude.  The snow was beautiful and glittered brightly beneath the clear blue winter skies.  It actually felt like Christmas!
“Where are we going to get holly and pine?” he asked Amos.
“I’m not sure, but I do know one thing; we are not picking ANYTHING in the Twilight forest.”
“You can say that again!” Ben laughed.  They left the castle through the west gate and entered the forest.  The Faerie oaks lifted their branches and used their roots to clear the snow from their path.  Amos and Ben had no choice, but to follow the path as it unwound before them.  The trees were guiding them along, leading them somewhere.  Soon, the path ended, bringing them out onto the field where the dwarves had stood against the snaker army in the battle against the witch.  In the midst of this field stood a memorial the elves had erected for the dwarves that died in that battle.  It was a statue of a grim faced dwarven warrior, in full battle armor, standing ready with axe in hand.  Beside him was another statue; this one an elfin archer with his bow bent and an arrow nocked.  The two had their backs to the Twilight and were facing the woods just across the field, where the snakers had amassed on that terrible day.  Between the two statues sat a large block of stone with an inscription.  It was carved in a smooth fluid script that Ben could not read.
“Can you read this?” he asked Amos.
“No, it is written in the elfin tongue of Faerie, but look.”
Ben looked across the field where Amos was pointing.  The woods!  The woods were pine trees and along the edge of field, near the woods, were holly trees.
“Do you think the Faerie oaks knew what we needed, or were we just lucky?”
“I don’t know,” Amos answered.  “Either way, we have found what we needed.”
“How are we going to get it back?  We didn’t think to bring a sled or anything!”
“I’ll build us both a travois.  We should be able to gather enough to decorate the entire hallway.”
“Awesome!  Let’s get started!”
Back in the kitchens, the elves were quickly filing in from Faerie.  Louise had pushed her sleeves up and was barking out orders and instructions.  She was in her element now and the dinner was beginning to take shape.  Instead of turkeys or hams, they were roasting big, plump river geese.  While the birds were turning on the spits, large pans of cornbread dressing were baking in the ovens and pots of giblet gravy were simmering on the fires.  Much to her delight, she discovered that the kitchen pantries had crates of long, fat, yams and sacks of walnuts.  Once she found the sugar, she began showing the cooks how to prepare the yams for the soufflés.
While Louise was whipping together the meal, the sweet aromas from the kitchens began to fill the whole castle, wafting down the passageways to the great dining hall, where Casey was teaching the three dwarves and a host of newly arrived elves some of her favorite Christmas carols.  She had picked five songs; Deck the Halls, which the dwarves had already heard once and loved, Silver Bells, Away in a Manger, Joy to the World, and her favorite song, Silent Night.
The elves had handsome voices and a wonderful assortment of instruments to accompany them.  There were beautiful harps, and strange horns with long, curving bells.  The full rich sound of the harps, accompanied by the haunting melody of the horns, was accented with the clear sweet notes of delicate silver flutes and cymbals.  The elves mastered the songs amazingly fast and were eager to learn even more.  Casey added Jingle Bells to the mix so that they would have one fun and fast song to sing.  Jingle Bells instantly became the three dwarf’s new favorite song.
When Ben and Amos returned to the castle with their greenery, they were shocked to see the transformation that had taken place in the great hall.  Three rows of tables stretched from one end of the hall to the other where an enormous balsam fir tree towered above them.  The green branches were decked with gossamer threads of gold and silver and hundreds of clear glass balls hung from the limbs of the tree.  Within each ball a tiny white light twinkled brightly, causing the delicate threads to sparkle and shimmer.  At the base of the tree, Marcus was busy arranging brightly colored packages.  He paused and waved them over.
“So, tell me, Ben.  How did I do?  Does this look like a Christmas tree?”
“Holy cow, Marcus, it’s got to be the prettiest tree I’ve ever seen!  Where did you get the glass balls and how did you get lights in them?”
“It’s just a little magic,” the Keeper replied with a wink, “a little Christmas magic.”
“It is beautiful,” Amos marveled.  “Do you decorate trees like this every year in your world, Ben?”
“Yep,” Ben nodded, “and speaking of decorating, we have a lot to do!  Where are the candles and ribbons?”
Ben and Amos lined the mantles on both sides of the hall with holly, red berries, and white candles.  They used red candles, cedar boughs, and pine cones to create center pieces for all of the tables.  For a final touch, they used the red ribbons to tie bows on all of the tree-shaped stone pillars that supported the dome of the great hall.  By the time they finished, it was well past lunch time and they had worked up quite an appetite.  Marcus had finished his work as well and led them to a room where Louise and Casey were waiting for them.
“How’s the decorating going?” Casey asked.  “Are you finished?  Did you get a tree?”
“We’re done,” Ben answered, “and we have a beautiful tree, but you will have to thank Marcus for that.  It even has white lights on it!”
“What are we going to eat for this celebration?” asked Amos.  “I’m beginning to get a little excited myself!”
“Grandma won’t tell,” Casey pouted.  “She wants it to be a surprise.”
“Where are our three mischievous friends from Dwarvenhall?”
At that moment, Hob, Gob, and Nob came bustling into the room with Jonah right behind them.  The three dwarves were carrying platters of meats, cheeses, and breads, while Jonah was busy balancing a tray full of mugs and pitchers.
“Anyone hungry?” Hob called out.  
“Besides us?” Gob added.
“We are having sandwiches!” Nob declared, with a wink at Ben.
The dwarves arranged the platters on the table and Louise began carving the meat.  While Ben and Casey sliced the bread and cheese, Jonah and Amos poured the drinks.  Soon, everyone was seated around the table, eating their noon day meal of roast beef sandwiches and excitedly talking about the upcoming celebration.
“What songs are we singing tonight?” Ben asked Casey.
“You’ll have to wait and see.  Grandma won’t tell us what we are eating, so I’m not telling what we are singing.  It will have to be a surprise.”
“There are going to be a lot of surprises tonight.  Some of them are waiting for us under the Christmas tree too!”
“What do you mean?”
“Presents!  Marcus has presents under the tree!”

*****
CHAPTER 31
CHRISTMAS AT CASTLE TWILIGHT

Fires were burning on every hearth down both sides of the great hall.  All of the candles were lit and the smell of pine and cedar permeated the air.  According to Ben’s watch, the party began promptly at 6:00PM.  Not all of the elves had returned from Faerie, but there were enough there to fill the tables.  Unfortunately, all of the dwarves were still at Dwarvenhall; their subterranean home in the Iron Bone Mountains.  They had gone there to escape the wrath of Zoltan.  Now that the dragon was dead, they would be returning to the Twilight to complete the construction of the castle, but they would not be able to make it here for the celebration.  However, Hob, Gob, and Nob had lived apart from their brethren for many years and were very close to Amos and the elves, not to mention Louise, Casey, and Ben.  With the prospects of a delicious meal and some merry songs, the three dwarves were in fine spirits and loudly banged their mugs on the table when Marcus stood to address the crowd.
“Friends, tonight we are celebrating a holiday from Ben’s world.  It is a holiday called Christmas.  Ben tells me that Christmas is a time to be with your family and friends.  It is a time to be with the ones that you love and ones that love you.  It is that spirit of love that allows us to be here tonight.”  Marcus paused for a moment, picked up his mug, and then continued.  “As I’m sure you have all heard by now, Zoltan was defeated today.  The great and mighty dragon was slain by a lowly gnome; a gnome who was an outcast among his own people.  Ben befriended this gnome and showed him love, kindness, and respect.  In return, this gnome sacrificed his life in order to kill the dragon and save his friend.  This gnome’s name was Mueller and tonight we also celebrate his life, his sacrifice, and his selfless love.  To Mueller Alderman, dragon slayer and elf friend.”
Marcus raised his mug in a toast and everyone in the great hall rose to their feet and cheered.  Ben wished his friend could have been here to see this.  He missed him terribly.  When the applause began to die, Marcus motioned for everyone to be seated and servers began pouring out of the kitchens, pushing carts laden with scrumptious, mouth-watering foods.
“Tonight’s meal is a Christmas dinner that was put together by our dear friend, Louise.  I have sampled some of this fare already and I promise that you are all in for a treat.”
There was one cart for each table and each cart was topped with a golden brown river goose, slow roasted to perfection and garnished with tender red potatoes, carrots, and onions.  To accompany each goose was cornbread dressings with giblet gravy, fresh baked breads, and sweet potato soufflés.  The three dwarves were in awe of the meal and begged Louise for the recipe for the sweet potato soufflé.
After the meal was over, the elfin choir and musicians assembled together in front of the giant fir tree to sing the Christmas carols Casey had taught them.  Hob, Gob, and Nob were helping themselves to another round of roast goose and declined to join in the singing.  The elves started out with Away in a Manger, followed by Silver Bells.  Their melodious voices, accompanied with the enchanting sounds of their musical instruments, filled the great hall with sweet music and caused everyone’s spirits to swell with joy.  They finished up with Jingle Bells and it was such a popular song, they had to sing it twice.
Once the singing was over Marcus called his guest to the front of the hall to give them their presents.  Amos opened his gift first.  It was an enormous fur cloak with deep pockets and a hood.  The fur on the outside of the cloak was dense, sleek, and black as coal, while the split leather lining inside of the cloak was soft, supple, and pleasing to the touch.  Amos slipped into the cloak and ran his fingers through the fur on his sleeve.
“It’s beautiful.  It’s soft and warm too.  I don’t know how to thank you.”
“It is we who are thankful for your friendship and this gift is just a small token of our thanks,” the Keeper replied.  “It is a cloak of the finest elfin craftsmanship.  It will keep you warm and dry in the worst weather Camelot has to offer.”
While Amos was admiring his new cloak, the keeper pulled three small packages from beneath the tree and handed them out to Hob, Gob, and Nob.  The three dwarves, with much excitement, unwrapped their packages.  Inside of each package was a small wooden box, darkly stained and heavily carved with fanciful designs and forest creatures.  Inside of each box was a handsome smoking pipe that was carved from the same dark wood of the boxes that held them; ironwood from Faerie.  Hob, Gob, and Nob were speechless.  The ironwood tree grew only in Faerie and its wood was as valuable as gold in Camelot.  Wood harvested from an ironwood tree would literally become as hard as iron when it dried.  Once the wood dried, it also became resistant to fire, thus making it the most valuable and most sought after material for fine smoking pipes.  The three dwarves thanked Marcus with many bows and hurried off to fill their pipes.
Louise opened her gift next.  It was a tiny box and she suspected to find a ring or some pretty piece of jewelry inside.  She was quite surprised when she opened the box to find a single red berry inside.  She looked at Marcus with a puzzled expression.
“That is the fruit of a healing plant from Faerie; the rarest of all plants in our world.  It takes one hundred years to produce a single berry.  Once the berry falls from the tree, the tree dies and a new tree begins to grow from the berry that fell.”
“What shall I do with it?”
“If you ever find yourself ailing, you may swallow this berry to make yourself well.  Use it wisely though.  Do not use it for an upset stomach or a common cold.  This berry can heal you from any sickness or disease.  Do you understand?”
Louise nodded.  It was an incredible gift.  She threw her arms around the Keeper and hugged him tightly.  “Thank you, Marcus.  It is a wonderful present and I promise that I will use it wisely.”
Casey opened her gift next.  Inside of her package was a silver charm bracelet.  The bracelet was made from delicate threads of silver, woven together to form a flexible mesh.  Attached to the bracelet were various charms, beautifully fashioned with intricate designs and exquisite detail.  Casey squealed with delight as she fastened the bracelet onto her wrist.
“Oh, Marcus, it is so beautiful!  I love it!”
“Your bracelet is made from moon silver; a metal from Faerie, much like the silver found here in Camelot.  However, Moon silver will not tarnish and it is even harder than steel.”
“Thank you, Marcus, it is perfect.”
“That is not all,” Marcus replied with a smile.  “Each of the charms on your bracelet has a special use whenever you are in Camelot.  I will tell you of one of the charms, but you will have to figure out what the rest of them will do.”
“Why are you suddenly being mysterious?” asked Louise.  “Have you seen something in Casey’s future?”
“Possibly,” Marcus answered with a sly smile, “but I cannot go into that because…”
“Okay, okay,” Louise interrupted him.  “I’ve heard it all before and I get it.  Tell us about the charm.”
“Casey, find the charm that looks like an arrow.”
Casey held up her arm and rotated the bracelet around her wrist until she found a tiny arrow dangling from a thin thread of moon silver.  The arrow slowly spun clockwise, then stopped and spun counter clockwise.  It did this over and over; turning left, then right, left, and then right again.
“What’s it doing?” Casey asked.
“That charm will always point toward the Twilight.  Since you are in the Twilight now, it is pointing all around you, but once you leave the Faerie oaks it will orient on the forest and point in that direction.”
“And all of these other charms do something too?”
“Yes, but those you will have to discover for yourself at the right time.”
“Wow.  Well, even if it didn’t do anything special, it is a beautiful bracelet and I love it.”  Casey gave the Keeper a big hug and sat down with her Grandma to look at all of the charms.
Marcus walked back over to the tree and pulled out the gift for Ben.  It was a long and narrow package.  In fact, the package was longer than Ben was tall.  Ben removed the wrapping to reveal a slim wooden box.  The box was plain and unadorned.  The top was hinged and a small brass latch kept it tightly closed.  Ben thumbed the latch and opened the lid.  Inside lay the staff of Merlin.
“The staff is no longer needed in Camelot and Venus said it now belonged to you.  I have heard that spell catchers are very valuable in your world and one that large would be a considerable fortune.  I have bound a spell within the jewel that cannot escape it as long as the jewel remains affixed to the staff.  The spell is the same spell that was bound into the golden leafs that brought you here.  The only difference is, with the staff of Merlin and the spell catcher, the magic may be used over and over.”
“Do you mean it will bring me here anytime I want to come here?”
Marcus smiled and nodded.
“Awesome!  How does it work?”
“The same as the golden leafs; simply grasp the staff and say Twilight.”
“What about Casey?  If I want to use the staff, how will she get here?”
“Anyone who is touching the staff when you invoke the magic will be brought here with you.”
“Will the staff take them home?” Louise asked.
“Unfortunately, it will not.”
“Then you two had better not use it unless there is an emergency and I know in advance that you are coming!  I still have to figure out how to get you two back home without anyone knowing about it.”
“Speaking of home,” said Casey, “when are we leaving?”
“I’d like to head out in the morning, although I’m not sure how we’ll get back to the Merlin tree through all of the snow and ice.”
“That will not be any problem,” Marcus assured them.  I will provide a sleigh and I believe that Amos has a horse that can pull all of you.”
“A horse?” asked Amos, scratching his head.
“Big Dan,” said Ben.
“Oh yeah, I’d forgotten all about him!”
“You will have to skirt the forest,” Marcus continued, “and it will be a longer journey, but it will be safer than trying to trek through the mountains on foot.”
“Well, if we are to leave in the morning then we should turn in early and get a good night’s rest.  All of that work in the kitchen today has me totally pooped!  And to think, I have to go home and cook another Christmas meal!”
“Wait a minute,” cried Ben.  “We haven’t any gifts to give you guys!”
“Then be sure to come next year and bring some gifts,” said Marcus.  “Because I am certain that you have started a new tradition here at Castle Twilight.”
“No, I want to be able to give you a gift this year.”  Ben pushed his glasses up on his nose and began tapping his finger against his chin.  Suddenly, he jumped to his feet.  “I’ve got it!”  He walked over to Marcus and began to whisper in his ear.
Marcus nodded as Ben explained what he needed.  “Yes, I can certainly manage that.  I must say, Ben, you have greatly aroused my curiosity.  I will bring these things by in the morning after you have eaten.  Good night.”
“Good night,” Ben replied, “and merry Christmas!”
The Keeper paused and thought for a moment.  “Yes, it is indeed a merry occasion!”
The next morning, after breakfast, the Keeper called everyone to his study.  There, on the table, was a square wooden board.  The board was inlaid with alternating squares of black and white tiles.  Beside the board sat, of all things, chess pieces.  The pawns were carved in the shape of Faerie oaks.  The knights were fashioned in the image of the Twilight horses and the rooks were carved to resemble the main tower at here at the castle.  The bishops were made to look like Venus, the last immortal to leave Faerie, in his true form.  The king was obviously the Keeper and the queen was none other than Louise.
Ben showed Marcus how to setup the pieces and explained how each piece moved about on the board.  He explained the rules of the game and then he and the Keeper played a round.  Ben beat him soundly the first game.  The second game was much closer, but Ben still won.  By the third match, however, Marcus had mastered the game and gave Ben his first loss in long, long time.
“Ben, I cannot tell you how much I enjoy this game.  I will have more sets made and teach others to play as well.  Thank you!  It is a very thoughtful gift and one that I will treasure always.”
Ben smiled.  “I thought you would like it.  I want a rematch when I come back though!”
At that moment, Gabriel opened the door.  “Everything is ready.  We’ve got Dan hitched up and we’ve placed a basket of food and some warm blankets in the sleigh for your journey.”
Marcus led them outside to the castle courtyard, where Gabriel and Jonah were waiting for them.  Even Dan seemed happy to see them and ready to be his way.  He pawed at the snowy ground and snorted loudly.
The sleigh was a large red vehicle with two bench seats and long, gracefully curving runners.  It seemed that the Christmas spirit was really catching on at the castle, because someone had decorated the sleigh with pine garland and ribbons.  They had even tied small silver bells to the tips of the runners.  Louise and Casey climbed up front with Amos, while Ben crawled into the back with Hob.  Gob and Nob were reluctant to get in the sleigh, their last harrowing ride with Dan still fresh in their memories.  After much coaxing, they finally climbed aboard and, after another round of goodbyes and good wishes, Amos cracked the reins and they were off.

*****
CHAPTER 32
JINGLE BELLS, JINGLE BELLS

“Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way.  Oh what fun it is to ride in a one horse open sleigh, hey! Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way.  Oh what fun it is…”
“ENOUGH!!!” Amos bellowed.  “You have been singing that same song for an hour now and you are driving me crazy!  If you must sing, then sing something else!”
Hob, Gob, and Nob paused only for a moment and then broke into another song, singing as loudly as possible.
“Deck the halls with boughs of holly, fa-la-la-la-lah, la-lah-la-lah.  Tis the season to be jolly, Fa-la-la-la-lah, la-lah-la-lah.”
“I give up,” Amos grumbled.  However, the dwarves’ jolly spirits were infectious and the friendly giant could not stay grumpy for long.  Besides, the day was beautiful and it was practically impossible to be in a bad mood when the sky was so blue and the sun so bright.  The big man snapped the reins and called to old Dan for more speed.  The powerful draft horse pulled the sleigh effortlessly though the fresh powdery snow.  They were making excellent time and it was now well past noon.  The three dwarves eventually halted their singing and began to rummage around in the packages the elves had stowed on the sleigh.
“What are you guys looking for?” Ben asked.
“Food, of course,” Hob answered.  “All of this singing is making us hungry!  Ah-ha!  Here we go!”
“What is it?” asked Nob.
“Looks like roast goose sandwiches,” Hob answered.
“Blah,” said Gob.  “I have had enough roast goose to last me until next Christmas!”
“There are flasks in here too; one for everyone.  Should we stop to eat?”
“No,” Amos replied.  “We will eat while we travel.  As long as you guys are chewing, you won’t be singing and I want to cover as much ground as possible in peace and quietness.”
“How long before we get to your cabin?” asked Louise.
“We should be rounding the hills in about an hour and coming up on the meadow.  Once we hit that, at the rate we are traveling, we should make my cabin a couple of hours before nightfall.”
“Are we going straight home?” Casey asked her Grandma.
“No dear, we will spend the night at the cabin and leave first thing in the morning.”
The sun was low in the sky and the tall pines on the hills to their right were casting long gray shadows across the snow when the small patch of bamboo finally came into view.  The rest of the trip had been uneventful, except for once when Hob, Gob, and Nob had tried to sing Jingle Bells.  The three dwarves had quickly hushed when the air about Amos began to shimmer and old Dan tucked his tail and snorted loudly.
Amos navigated the sleigh up the hill, between the pines, and down to the small dirt yard in front of his cabin.  They were finally home!
“Louise, you and the kids take the packages inside and start preparing supper.  Hob, Gob, and Nob, there is firewood stacked on the side of the cabin.  If you will get a fire going and warm the cabin up for me, I’ll rub old Dan down and take him down to the meadow to graze.  He should be able to find plenty of prairie grass sticking up through the snow.”  Amos studied the big horse and scratched his head.  “I guess I’m going to have to build a barn now.  Maybe you three can stick around for a few days and help me throw something up?”
“Absolutely,” Hob replied.  “We’ll build a fine barn for old Dan; one with a big loft to store hay for the winter and, maybe, a big room for us to sleep in whenever we come to visit.”
“A guest house!” Gob exclaimed.  “How wonderful!  The cabin here is rather small for an extended visit.  If we had a guest house we could visit more often!  Let’s hurry and get the fire going so we can start planning!”
While Louise and the kids unloaded the packages, Amos unhooked Dan from the sleigh and removed the tack.  He rubbed the horse down with an old blanket and then led him off toward the prairie.  Tomorrow, he would have to put up a temporary shelter for the horse to use until a permanent barn could be constructed.
Inside the cabin it was freezing cold.  Louise and the children piled all of the packages on the table and then huddled together for warmth, while the three dwarves set about building a fire.  Nob had cleaned the ashes from the hearth and Gob had filled the wood box with logs.  Hob shaved a rather large pile of tender from one of the dry logs and within a few minutes they had a nice hot blazing fire.  The cabin, being small, warmed up very quickly.
“I wonder what is taking Amos so long?” Louise worried aloud.  At that moment, the door to the cabin flew open and the big man came in, dragging a small tree behind him.
“We have a fire, and plenty of wood,” said Hob.  “Besides, that little green tree won’t burn at all; it’ll just smoke the place up.”
“But we do not have a Christmas tree,” Amos exclaimed.  The tree was a small white pine and it appeared that Amos had pulled it up by the roots.
“How are we going to get it to stand up?”
“I have an old iron pot by the well that should work nicely.  Casey, look among the packages for a box with red wrappings and open it while I fetch the pot.”
Casey quickly found the box and tore off the shiny red paper.  When she lifted the lid off the box, a brilliant white light shot out from within and illuminated the small cabin.  There, inside of the box, was a mound of the silver gossamer threads that adorned the Christmas tree at Castle Twilight and, nestled in among the soft threads, hundreds of the tiny glass balls with twinkling white lights inside of them.  Amos came back in with the iron pot, grinning from ear to ear.
“Well, are you going to help me decorate the tree?”
By the time they finished decorating, it was dark outside and the fire had transitioned from yellow flames to orange embers.  Amos had found a bright red blanket to wrap around the pot and then tucked the small pine tree into the corner of the cabin, near the fireplace. Its fresh green smell filled the cabin and the glass balls twinkled brightly among its branches, causing the silver threads to sparkle like icicles on a sunny day.
“How long with those lights last,” asked Ben.
“Marcus said they would last for several weeks.  They will grow dimmer as the night progresses and eventually go out.  During the daytime, the natural sunlight will give them energy to burn when night comes again.”
“Ha,” said Ben.  “Solar powered Christmas lights!”
“I’m sure it’s magic, Ben, and not solar powered anything,” said Casey, rolling her eyes.
“Okay, so it’s solar powered magic Christmas lights.  Good grief.”
“You know,” said Hob, “sitting here and admiring this tree is very peaceful and relaxing.”
“It is,” Amos agreed.  “That is why I asked Marcus for some of the decorations.  When I saw the tree at the castle, I knew I had to have one in my own home.”
“It’s a beautiful tree, Amos,” Louise remarked.  “I think it is even prettier than the one back at the castle.”  Ben and Casey agreed with Louise.
“I think there is much more to this Christmas season than you have told us,” said Amos.  “It feels…. sacred.”
“Amos, you have no idea how true your words are.  I will tell you all about it one day, I promise.”
“Well,” said Hob, rising to his feet and stretching.  “I believe that we shall have a smoke with our fine new pipes before we turn in for the night.”
“Not in here you won’t!” said Louise.  “This cabin is small and I am not fond of smoke, no matter how sweet it smells.”
The dwarves donned their cloaks and their hats.  Gob grabbed a burning twig from the hearth and the three of them slipped out into the night to light their pipes.  Amos put Louise and the kids into his cot and spread more blankets on the floor for the dwarves.  Tonight, he would be sleeping inside as well; it was just too cold to be out.  He pulled his big rocker up to the fireplace, stretched his feet out in front of the glowing coals, and was soon snoring loudly.
Louise and Casey also drifted off to sleep rather quickly.  The lights on the Christmas tree had already begun to dim and were almost out.  Ben imagined that, being in the box all day, they did not get enough light to fully charge.  The cabin was dark, except for the soft orange glow from the fireplace and the silver beams of moonlight streaming in from the window.  Just outside the door, Ben heard the three dwarves singing quietly.  They were singing Silent Night.  Ben smiled and drifted off to a deep and peaceful sleep.
The next morning, Louise and Amos were up before everyone else.  Amos raked some coals out onto the hearth for Louise to cook on and then loaded the fireplace with more logs.  Louise had found everything she needed to make plenty of biscuits and gravy for breakfast and, as soon as the gravy was sizzling in the frying pan, the three dwarves threw off their blankets and came over to see what she was cooking.
“Ah, that is a nice smelling gravy indeed!” said Nob.
“You guys like gravy?” Louise asked.
“Absolutely!” exclaimed Gob.  “Biscuits and gravy are one of our favorite morning meals.  Do you think you have enough for all of us?”
“There will be plenty to go around.  I’ll cook up another pan when I finish this one.”
“Ah, if we only had some coffee,” Hob sighed.
“Today is your lucky day,” Amos chuckled.  The big man pulled a tin can and a weathered, beaten pot off the top shelf of his baker’s cabinet.  “It’s not the best stuff in the world, but it will do on a cold morning like today.”
Soon, everyone was seated around the big table, grabbing biscuits off the platter in the center.  Louise went around the table and ladled the gravy out of a big pot onto everyone’s plates while Amos poured the coffee.  Ben and Casey had not yet started drinking coffee and opted for water.  The breakfast was delicious and, although the dwarves were worried about there being enough to go around, there were enough biscuits for seconds and thirds.  When everyone had finished eating, Louise called them to join her in front of the fireplace.
“We’ll be leaving shortly and I wanted to tell you all how much we love and appreciate you.  I can’t tell you how much I value your friendship and how thankful I am to have you in my life.  When you guys build that guest house, be sure to make a room for me and my grandkids, because I plan to come back and visit often.”
“Ah shucks, Louise,” said Amos.  “You know that we all love you guys too.  And you know you are always welcomed here.”
“And at our home too!” Gob added.
“Thank you, guys.  Okay, I didn’t want to have a long mushy goodbye, but I did have to say that before we left.  Amos, where are the kids clothes?  I can’t take them home in what they are wearing!”
“Ah, yes!  They are here.  Marcus cleaned them and packaged them.  Their coats are here too.”
“Excellent!  We will change clothes and be on our way.  I have so much to do when I get home, not to mention I have to get Ben and Casey back to Atlanta without anyone knowing it!”
Amos hung a blanket across the corner of the cabin so that they could change clothes in private.  When everyone had finished dressing, Amos and the three dwarves put on their coats, boots, and hats to accompany them to the bamboo patch.  Ben grabbed the staff on his way out the door.  What in the world was he going to do with this?  He supposed he would hide it in the garage until he could sneak it into his bedroom.  Maybe then he could keep it under his bed or in the back of his closet.  Casey would need to come up with a story about her bracelet too.
Outside, even though the sun was shining brightly, it was still bitterly cold.  The soft powdery snow had frozen during the night and crunched loudly as they walked across it.  As they emerged from the pines, they spotted old Dan down by the bamboo patch, happily munching on the green bamboo leaves.
“Oh my,” Amos exclaimed. “That’s not going to harm him, is it?”
“No,” Louise assured him.  “We have bamboo on our farm and the cows and the goats love it.  It won’t harm him at all.”
When they reached the bamboo, they petted Dan and stood about quietly, not wanting to say goodbye.  Finally, Louise spoke.
“This isn’t goodbye, you know.   We’ll be back to visit real soon.  As a matter of fact, I’ll come back tomorrow with some grain for Dan.  I won’t have much time though, so I’ll probably just leave a bucketful right here beside the bamboo.”
“Thanks Louise.  You and the kids had better get going; it’s very cold out here.”
“Yes, I suppose so.  You guys build us a nice guest house for when we return, okay?”
“We will,” the dwarves promised.
Louise smiled and then she and Casey disappeared into the bamboo.  Ben started to follow, but paused for a moment and called over his shoulder to Amos and the three dwarves.
“Merry Christmas, guys!”

*****
CHAPTER 33
Déjà VU

The bamboo was encased in ice and snow.  The weight of the frozen precipitation caused the canes to bend outward, so that their leafy tops brushed the ground.  Getting through the dense, ice covered foliage was not difficult, but navigating the bowed canes was tricky.  Finally, they made it to the center of the patch, where the canes were not as crowded, and they were able to move around freely.  Here, in the midst of the bamboo, a strange looking tree protruded from the ground.  Although it was winter, and most trees had shed their leaves long ago, this particular tree appeared to be ancient and dead.  It was short and thick, with two stubby limbs that gave the comical impression of arms.  The tree’s trunk was split from the ground up, creating a rift in the center of the tree that was large enough to walk through.  This opening in the tree’s trunk was the doorway back to the Alderman farm.  This was the Merlin tree.
Ben and Casey watched their grandma walk through the Merlin tree first.  As her body exited the tree, on the other side of the opening, it vanished.  Casey went through next and Ben followed close behind her.  The first thing he noticed, as he passed through the Merlin tree, was a rise in temperature.  Although it was still unusually cold in South Carolina, for this time of the year, there was no snow and ice to contend with and this made getting through the canes much easier.  Once everyone was in the yard, Louise rushed them into the house.
“I’ve got to write a note for George.  I’m going to tell him that I am doing some last minute shopping at the mall and that I’ll be gone for most of the day.”
“What about gifts?” asked Casey.  “What if he asks to see what you bought?”
“I’ve got that covered.  You and Ben leave the bracelet and the staff with me.  I’ll wrap them up and give them to you as a Christmas present.”
“That might work with a bracelet,” said Ben, “but a staff with an emerald on the end?”
“We will say that it’s a hiking stick.  I’ve seen them for sale at Mast General in Greenville.  I’ve also seen them for sale at the flea market.”
“What about the emerald?”
“They’ll think the emerald is just a pretty piece of green glass.”
“You think it will work?”
“I know it will.”
Louise scribbled a note to George, laid it on the kitchen table, and grabbed her purse and car keys.  She locked the door as the kids raced to the old Galaxy 500 that was parked beneath the magnolia tree in the front yard.  When everyone was inside, and safely buckled, Louise turned the switch and the old car roared to life with a puff of blue smoke.  She threw the car into reverse and backed onto the gravel drive.  They were on their way to Atlanta.
Louise made excellent time and the next couple of hours went by quickly.  She only stopped once for gas, and soon after they were on the outskirts of Ben and Casey’s neighborhood.  Charles and Carol were probably back at home from their shopping trip, but Louise did not want to take any chances.  If they spotted her here, she simply would not be able to come up with an explanation for being in Atlanta, so Ben directed her to a frontage road between the main highway and their neighborhood.  Here, trees shielded the road from the highway and their house was just several streets over.  This was the perfect spot to let them out.
“You two be careful and go straight home!”
“We will,” Casey promised.
“Yes,” Ben agreed, “we have had enough adventure.”
“You drive safe, Grandma,” said Casey, “and we’ll see you in a couple of days.”
The frontage road was actually a dead-end road, so Louise had to turn her car around.  The old Galaxy was a large car and what should have been a simple three-point turn proved to be quite difficult.  However, she eventually got the car turned around and honked the horn at her grandkids as she sped off, heading back to South Carolina.
Ben and Casey watched their Grandma until she was out of sight and then cut through the small strip of trees to the first row of houses located on the edge of the woods.  Once they were on the streets in their neighborhood, they ran all the way home.  They weren’t racing, and even though Casey stayed ahead of him, Ben kept up with her the entire way.
“Look,” said Casey, “Mom and Dad aren’t home yet.”
Ben checked his watch.  It was almost one o’clock.  “They probably stopped for lunch.  You know how Mom loves to shop too.”
“Oh yeah, I keep forgetting it’s only been a couple of hours since we left.”
Back inside, the kids discussed their recent adventure and resumed decorating the tree.  They didn’t hear their parent’s car pull up and they were startled when Charles and Carol came bustling through the front door with an armful of shopping bags and grocery bags.
“You poor kids look bored to death,” said Charles, cutting a sidelong glance at the tree as he placed the bags on the table.  “And it doesn’t look like you’ve gotten much decorating done since we left.  What have you two been doing?”
“Oh, nothing,” Ben replied.  “We walked down to that pond on the vacant lot to see if it was frozen over.”
“You two need to stay away from that pond,” said Carol.  “It’s dangerous.  As a matter of fact, that lot is supposed to be fenced off.”
“Well,” said Charles, planting his hands on his hips.  “Was it?”
“Yes sir,” Ben replied, his ears heating up and turning red.  “It has a fence around it.”
“No, no,” said Charles.  “Was it frozen?”
Ben nodded.
“Cool!  We’ll go down and throw some rocks on it later.  You’ll have to show me where to get through the fence.”
“Charles!”
The next morning was Christmas Eve and everyone slept in.  Ben, however, was up early and, after eating a couple of Pop Tarts, he turned on the TV.  The Christmas Story was playing for the next twenty-four hours and it was tradition, now, to leave it running all day long.  Carol and Casey hated the movie, but Ben and Charles loved it.  At the end of the story, when the restaurant workers were singing Jingle Bells and Deck the Halls, Ben thought about Amos and his three dwarf friends.  If Hob, Gob, and Nob were going to be staying with Amos to build a barn, maybe he could sneak out and see them while they were up visiting on Christmas day.  The dwarves were amazing builders and Ben wouldn’t be at all surprised if they completed the barn for Old Dan in one day.
Carol spent the afternoon baking, while Charles and the kids packed for the trip to South Carolina.  The presents that were going to George and Louise’s house had been pulled out from under the tree and set aside to be loaded into the car in the morning.  The gifts that were left under the tree would be opened tonight after eating supper.
The winter day passed quickly for all of them and, by six o’clock, the sky had darkened from purple to black.  The soft warm glow of Christmas trees shown from windows up and down the street and the smell of pizza, another time honored holiday tradition at the Aldermans’, filled the house.  Once everyone finished eating, they gathered around the tree to open presents.  With their Mom back home, it was one of the happiest Christmas Eves that Ben and Casey could remember.  Santa must have also been in a festive mood this year, because he was extra generous with his gifts.  After the last package was opened, Ben and Casey cleaned up the wrapping papers, ribbons, and bows that littered the living room floor, and then hurried off to bed.  Tomorrow was Christmas Day.
In the morning, after a light breakfast, Charles and Ben loaded the Honda with the luggage, presents, and food they were taking to George and Louise’s house.  Jack Frost had come during the night and had painted everyone’s lawn a frosty white.  It was much colder this morning and the sky was overcast as well.
“I sure hope it doesn’t rain today,” Charles grumbled.  “All we need is a little freezing rain while we are driving.”
“That’s everything, Dad,” said Ben, stuffing the last piece of luggage into the car.  They were only staying for two nights, but Casey had packed enough clothes for a week.
“Go get your Mom and your sister.  I’ll start the car and get it warmed up.”
Fortunately, the rain Charles feared never materialized and, a couple of hours later, they pulled off a secondary road onto the gravel driveway of George and Louise’s farm.  Apparently, Rebecca had arrived just moments before them; she and Joey were pulling bags of presents and dishes of food from the trunk of their car.
“Do you guys need any help?” Charles asked, as he closed his car door and pressed the key fob to pop open the Honda’s trunk.
“No,” Rebecca answered.  “We just have this one bag and a couple of dishes.”
“Hey, where’s Jenny?” asked Casey.  “Is she inside?”
“No, sweetie, Jenny was invited to eat Christmas dinner with her boyfriend and his family.  They both will be coming by here later on this afternoon.  She’s very anxious for you to meet him.  Are you guys staying up for a while?”
“We’re staying for a couple of days,” Carol answered.
“Great!  We’ll hit the mall tomorrow and get some after-Christmas shopping done.”
“That sounds wonderful!”
Inside, they found George relaxing in his recliner, while Louise was busy in the kitchen.  He had cut down a slender cedar tree that was growing on his fence line in the back pasture, and had placed the tree in the corner of their small den.  Louise had decorated it with lights; not the small modern twinkling lights, but the kind with the thick green cords and the big bulbs that glowed red, blue, green, and orange.  The sweet aroma of the cedar tree was strong in the den, but Ben caught a whiff of the pan of dressing that Louise had just taken out of the oven and his stomach growled noisily.
“Hey Grandpa!”
“Hey sport!  Come on in and close that door, it’s freezing outside!”
The kids bustled into the den with their bags and placed the gifts under the tree.  Carol and Rebecca took the food they had brought into the kitchen and began to help Louise with the meal.  Charles picked a log out of the wood box on the hearth and placed it on the fire and then took a seat in the recliner beside his father to chat.  While the two men talked, Ben, Casey, and Joey huddled close to the fire.
“Can you believe it’s been six months since we’ve seen each other?” said Joey.
“It feels like just yesterday,” Ben replied.
“No, it feels like it’s been a million years,” said Casey.
Ben rolled his eyes.  “Hey, I’ve got an idea; let’s go see our goats!”
“I’ll bet they are all grown up now.”
“I know, but I still want to see them.  Dinner won’t be ready for a little while, come on!”
Louise had fed the goats earlier, so they were all up at the goat house munching on tender green bats of alfalfa hay.  The kids entered the goat house through the side door and looked over the half wall, into the large stall, where the goats were busy eating.  The goats had, in fact, grown much over the past six months, but Ben and Casey recognized Arnold and Tink immediately.  Standing there in the barn, they told Joey about their recent adventure in Camelot.
“Holy cow, Ben, you are one tough dude,” said Joey, with open admiration.
“Ah,” Ben stammered as his ears began to heat up and turn red.  “I didn’t really do anything.”
“Yes you did,” said Casey.  “You’re quite the hero in Camelot.”
“Whatever.  Come on; let’s get back down to the house.  I’ll bet everyone is ready to eat by now.”
On their way back to the gate, Casey was still rattling on to Joey about their recent adventures, while Ben followed along quietly behind them.  Some movement in his peripheral vision caught his attention and he stopped to look across the pasture.  He studied the dark green pines growing on the other side of the field.  There it was again.  He held his breath and his heart sped up.  There!  There was another one!
“IT’S SNOWING!!!”
The kids raced back to the house.  By the time they reached the steps it was no longer spitting snow, but it was coming down steadily in big, soft, feathery flakes.  Ben burst through the door with Casey and Joey right behind him.  “Hey everyone, come look outside!  It’s snowing!”
George, Louise, Charles, Carol, and Rebecca hurried out onto the porch.  The snow had intensified even more and was now coming down so thick that they could no longer see the goat house up in the pasture.
“Oh my,” said Louise, “a white Christmas.”
“It’s beautiful,” said Carol, snuggling up to Charles.
“Yes it is,” Louise agreed, “and it’s time to eat too!  Come, we have the table set and I’m hungry!”
“Me too,” said Ben.  “I can’t wait to eat some turkey.”
“Ummm, I afraid we’re not having turkey this year, sweetheart.”
“No turkey?  Did you bake a ham?”
“No, dear, I sent George to town to get a turkey, but he came home with something else.”
“What?”
“A goose!” said George.  “A big fat Christmas goose.  I haven’t had one since I was a little boy.  You are in for some good eating.”
“Oh no, Déjà vu,” Casey moaned.
“Ha,” said Ben, with a smile.  “Merry Christmas.  Merry Christmas, everyone!”

THE END
*****
BOOKS IN THIS SERIES

THE THIRTEENTH UNICORN
Book #1 in the Ben Alderman Series
While spending the summer with their grandparents on a remote farm in South Carolina, Ben Alderman and his sister Casey uncover a hidden world of magic; a world their grandmother is secretly visiting. It is a world where elves and dwarves are locked in mortal combat against a witch who is trying to free the last surviving wizard from exile. The witch has been defeated once before but with the combined power of the wizard, no one will be able to stand against them. Much to Ben's dismay, he learns that he is the one foretold in the ancient elfin prophecies to bring about the downfall of the witch and save this exciting new world from destruction.
THE BLACK DRAGON
Book #2 in the Ben Alderman Series
With the witch defeated, the elves begin preparations to once again take up their vigil, guarding a black dragon from Crag named Zoltan. Merlin's last enchantment has kept the dragon asleep for centuries, but when Gabriel brings Hob along to inspect the dragon, the bumbling dwarf finds Merlin's staff and accidentally breaks the enchantment. Gabriel and Hob escape from the dragon into a cave that leads them into Kahzidar; the dreaded gnome mines, where they are captured by the mad gnome king Ringwald Stonebreaker. Ben, Casey, and their Grandma must join forces once again with Amos, the shape shifter, to save Camelot from the dragon that's bent on destroying it. But first, they must rescue their friends from Kahzidar
THE FINAL PROPHECY
Book #3 in the Ben Alderman Series
It's spring break and a visit to the Alderman farm leads to another exciting adventure in Camelot. Marcus, the elfin mage known as the Keeper, has been captured by Bellator, the mightiest of the twelve Immortals. Bellator is holding Marcus for ransom until Excalibur, the sword blessed by the Creator, is returned to him, but no one knows where the sword is located. Was the final prophecy of Venus given to provide hope in times of darkness or was it intended as a warning? Is Ben really the chosen one? Will he save Camelot... or destroy it?
A NOTE TO THE READER

Thank you for reading The Black Dragon, I truly hope you enjoyed the story!  If you want to find out if Ben is the chosen one, or if you want to find out what those charms on Casey’s bracelet do, then you’ll have to get the next book; The Final Prophecy.  

Now, may I ask a favor of you?  If you would like to help me out, here are some things you can do…

1)Be sure to rate the books and leave a review.  Reviews help other readers decide whether or not to give a book a chance.
2)If you have an account on www.goodreads.com, look up W. D. Newman and become a fan; it’s a great promotional tool.
3)If you have a Facebook account, look up The Black Dragon and “like” the page.  
4)Tell your friends about these books!  Nothing encourages an author more than a lot of happy readers.

Lastly, I hope you will continue the adventure with Ben and Casey in book three, The Final Prophecy.

Sincerely,

W.D. Newman.

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

W. D. Newman is the penname for William Dale Porter.  Dale and family live on a farm that is located in a small valley in the beautiful lake and mountain county of Pickens, South Carolina.


