
TRUTH 
UNDERNEATH 
THE SURFACE


 BY


BOLANLE OGUNDIRAN

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.


By Bolanle Ogundiran


Copyright 2016 Bolanle Ogundiran


Smashwords Edition


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy.






CHAPTER ONE


In all Fimi’s wildest imaginations, it never crossed her mind that one day, she’ll step into a prison premises not as a visitor, but as a convicted criminal. The mere thought of isolation, routine and poor diet increased her heartbeat, making her perspire even more. Two female wardens sat opposite her, it was quiet, which added to the sense of loneliness she was battling with. All her adult life had been cheerfully noisy; her extrovert nature was visible wherever she found herself. This sudden turn of event frightened her beyond explanation. She pondered on how someone’s life could change within a short notice. She marked her forty-fifth birthday three months ago in a five star hotel in the Bahamas. Some of her friends in her social circle flew in to rock the party and leave a fashion statement. She had a complete make-over in preparation for the event; shopped at different designer boutiques and hired an extravagant event planner. Fimi wanted a party which would throw her to lime-light in the society pages of leading fashion magazines and that was exactly what she got. 

The prison van finally halted in front of a building with high walls and the inscription – Poma Women Prison, Ireland. She got down from the van in handcuffs and leg chains. The two female wardens who embarked on the journey with her from the courthouse led her inside. They walked through a long, well lighted corridor, with stern looking guards strategically positioned before turning left into a room. She was relieved of her handcuffs and leg chains and given prison uniform to change into including a slate with numbers written on which she hung on her neck while a photographer took pictures of her front and side views. She filled a form and her finger prints were taken then a warden handed her prison properties comprising two bed sheet and pillow cases, one blanket, one towel, soap, sponge, toothbrush and paste, body and hair cream, hair brush, sanitary wears, tissue paper, four set of under wears, a pair of rubber shoes, an extra uniform and writing materials. They were all neatly packed in a basket which she carried as she was led by a male and female warden to her cell. They stopped at cell number 251, the heavy metal door was unlocked, she stepped in and the door was immediately slammed shut. The small cell had a double-decker bed, a small table and chair by the corner, including a toilet and a wash-hand basin in front of her. Lying on the bed below was a brunette with an oval face and brown eyes. She stared at Fimi for awhile then asked “What’s your name?” 

Fimi looked at her and wondered what this pretty lady did to end up here, then she replied “Fimi”. 

“Am Sally” she said; “Welcome to your new world. Rule number one, don’t talk back at the wardens or be rude to them. If you do, you’ll wish you were dumb the day you walked in here. Rule number two, watch out for the Tigress Gang, you’ll know them when you see them and Rule number three, do not snore. My last cellmate gave me headaches with her snores and I frustrated her out of here. So, on a lighter note, what did you do to wind-up here?” 

Fimi cleared her throat and said “I took what didn’t belong to me.” 

“You mean you stole? Hope you won’t be stealing my undies and stuffs, hahaha!”She laughed. “I was joking, unlike you, am here for helping my boyfriend kidnap a rich guy for ransom. Tom told me the guy was a rich miser who took advantage of people then bragged about it. Anyway, we got caught and here I am serving nine years, I’ve done two.” 

Fimi had forgotten she was still carrying her basket, Sally called her attention to it then she put it down gently and sat in the only chair in the cell. She wanted to ask so many questions seeing that her cellmate is outspoken and blunt. 

“Who are this Tigress Gang you mentioned and why do I have to be afraid of them?” asked Fimi. 

“Good questions” responded Sally. “You and I have the hope of seeing the real world again in less than a decade; they will still have to wait two decades and more before they walk into a supermarket. For that reason, they envy you with so much passion and would want to inflict some of their mental pain on you and they have a subtle and accurate way of doing that.” 

“I pity them, what is it like living here and doing the same thing over and over again?”  Fimi asked. 

Sally looked straight into her eyes, “It feels like dying, when you’re confined to a space, denied your rights, made to feel guilty for the mistakes you made, caged like an animal and not having free access to your loved ones. Fimi, you feel you’re on the other side of the world where the grace of GOD has departed. You will understand what am saying after you’ve spent 365 days in here.” 

Fimi looked at her with her mouth wide open, her hands and feet began trembling, she began with a sob, within seconds, she was wailing uncontrollably, cursing Jojo for putting her in this mess. 

Sally only stared at Fimi while she wailed, she said “Cry it out girl, it’ll make you feel better. When you’re tired, you’ll sleep off, but remember not to snore.” 

“How can I sleep in this place? Am a nervous wreck, my emotions are out of control, I can’t live like this!” 

Sally sighed and replied “We all said that when we first came in here but we adapted. You will too. Go to sleep, dinner will be in two hours time.”

Fimi took to the advice. She was exhausted and badly in need of sleep. She took the bedspread and pillow case in her basket and laid her bed then climbed awkwardly to the top bunk. Within five minutes, she was fast asleep. Sally observed her closely to make sure she wasn’t the snoring type. After fifteen minutes, she was at ease and relieved she wasn’t a snorer. Then she walked to the small table in the cell, looked at her neatly arranged stationeries and made-up her mind to write the letter. 

She had been waving off the urge to write her mother since the day she came to prison about two years ago. The shame and embarrassment she caused the family was enough to severe relationship with her. But her mother wrote her often, trying to reassure her that the prodigal son came back home and was welcomed back so she can still retrace her steps. She sat in the chair, took her pen, but instead of writing, her mind drifted to her family and her childhood days. 

Sally’s father was a preacher in Luxembourg, a country in Northern Europe. Her grandfather was also a preacher, it ran in the family. They were committed Methodist. Her mother was a member of the choir before she married her dad. He owned a garment factory which he inherited from his father and had been operational for four generations now. She had only one sibling, a sister named Jane who was five years older. Jane adhered strictly to the family tradition and believes while Sally had the wild tendencies which were noticed first by her mum in her early teens. Sally grinned when she remembered her mum’s expression when she caught her in the backyard on a Saturday night smoking a cigarette. Her mum nearly choked, not because of the smoke, but the shock of seeing her fourteen-year-old well brought up child smoking at 10:22pm when she was supposed to be in bed sleeping. Mum dragged her inside, straight to her father’s library and quoted scriptures pertaining to how unruly her behavior was and how her choices could adversely affect her future if she departed from the straight path. She felt guilty that night and begged her mum not to report to dad and promised to be a good girl. 

Well, she didn’t keep that promise for long. In school, she was nicknamed preacher’s girl. When her female peers talked about their boyfriends, parties and stuffs, her inquisitive mind always got the better of her. This spurred her curiosity to discover things, so she observed from a distance and experimented on some bad habits in secret. At the back of her mind, she would recall her mother’s voice saying “Be ye unequally yoked with unbelievers. For what fellowship hath light with darkness?” 

She waved this thought behind whenever she had flashbacks. A month after her eighteenth birthday, she moved out of her family home. “Free at last” she said to herself. I can now explore and discover things I was denied access to, she thought. At eighteen, she was well developed with a pretty face. She knew she was beautiful and men turned to give her a second glance when she walked down the road. But what she didn’t realize then was that she was young, naive and highly vulnerable. Now, she looks back and feels ashamed of many things she’s done. Currently twenty-eight-years, she’s hoping for a parole and the love and forgiveness of her family. She’s wandered off far too long.     







CHAPTER TWO


Cassandra sat in the park watching her two children play. “They look so happy here” she muttered. It’s so peaceful here and the people are friendly, but there is no place like home, she thought. Cassandra, her husband Joe and their two children Charles and Jane moved to South Africa barely two years ago, under unpleasant circumstances. In other words, they fled their home country for a safe haven. 

She grew up in an overpopulated neighborhood in Northern Ireland and from a large Irish family of nine, excluding her parents. They were six boys and three girls, all grown up now. She happened to be the fifth. The eldest is Jack a truck driver, followed by Donald a cement factory worker. The third being Jayson, a karate instructor, then comes Snofield whose nature of job isn’t so clear. The sixth is Sandra, the fragile, quiet one who enjoys writing children’s story books. Steven is the seventh; he works in a law firm as a clerk and takes evening classes hoping to graduate with a degree in law in the near future. Majory is the eight married with a son. She’s a full time housewife while her husband works with an engineering firm. Derek is the last child in his final year in high school. He hasn’t made up his mind on which career path to follow. 

Snofield and Cassandra had a lot in common so were the closest amongst the nine. At an early age, Cassandra knew she had an edge above the rest of her peers in school. In elementary school, she was the biggest in her class. By the time she graduated from high school, she’d developed a deep voice and some masculine features; notably her huge, strong physique with an attractive face. She married her high school sweet heart Joe at the age of twenty-one and had a son and daughter within five years of their union. 

Joe was the quiet soft spoken type. He really loved his wife but she was too self absorbed to give him much attention. Financial issues were the core problem in their marriage. Joe trained as a carpenter after high school. He was good at what he did and earned a comfortable income, enough to support his family and leave some extra in the bank. Cassandra on the other hand worked as a security guard in a bank. She wanted more from life. When she watched the rich customers walk in with their spouse wearing expensive jewelries, designer clothes and being chauffeured in their posh cars, she often wondered why she didn’t marry a handsome moneybag. She had been working for Beet Bank for six years now, at age thirty-two she was widely experienced about security matters and trusted for her commitment to service. 

One Saturday afternoon, she was busy with house chores when she heard a knock on the door, she opened it and held her breath for a few seconds in shock. She recovered quickly and shouted “Snofield you silly ass where have you been all these years!” and hugged him. She stepped back, paused for a moment to take a good look at her brother, this was a rebranded Snofield. What happened to her faded jeans, old t-shirt brother? The man in front of her looks like a movie star stepping on the red carpet. The last time she saw him, he was having a rough time with his landlord who threatened to throw his things out if he didn’t pay his outstanding within four days. She gave him the little she could afford to spare hoping he could raise more from family and friends. Not quite long after that, he disappeared only to show up in front of her door almost four years later looking like someone who just won a jackpot.

Snofield still grinning, spoke next “It feels good to be back in style.”

Cassandra quickly ushered him in, made a cup of tea for him then began barraging him with questions. Snofield sat quietly enjoying his cup of tea and listening to his sister’s endless enquiries. After drinking halfway, he looked up at her and smiled “You wanna hear my story Cass, why not take a seat and I’ll fill you in.”

She eagerly took the seat in front of him and listened closely. 

“You remember the last time we met I was having issues with my landlord. He actually kept his words and threw my stuffs out. I had to sell everything I had except for few clothes, shoes and personal effects to support myself. Cass, that was the lowest point in my life. I was contemplating joining the army when I walked into Ray my old pal by accident. He was looking solid, I could smell cash all around him. Ray offered me lunch in an exquisite restaurant and bragged about his business and clients. I was glad I finally met someone who’ll change my luck. He gave me his card and some cash and told me to check on him in two days time. I was counting the hours, anxious for the day to come.

When I finally walked into Ray’s office, I thought I was in the wrong building. The interior decoration was grand, the employees looked like run-way models and the scent stimulated my senses, relaxing my edgy nerves. Ray had left a message with his receptionist to direct me to a posh waiting room, pending the time he concludes a meeting with his clients. I had been sitting there five minutes when a secretary brought a tray of coffee and nicely baked cake. I felt at home while reading a magazine. Thirty minutes later, the secretary came to take me to his office. I felt important, I was treated like a prince. My pal was happy to see me, he even apologized for the delay. Within minutes, he told me he had a job for me and I can start azap if it’s okay with me. I pinched myself to make sure I wasn’t dreaming. In my mind, I saw myself in a brand new outfit, cruising a sports car and eating what I like where I like. I came back to reality when Ray said he’ll call his personal assistant to drive me to a men’s exclusive boutique, I’ll need a change of wardrobe to fit my new job description. Within a week, I had a new wardrobe, an official car, an apartment, a bank account with a thousand Euros in there, insurance policy and a job. My street experience really came in handy. I was Ray’s field man. 

My job function initially was to escort Ray whenever he had to leave for a meeting with his clients. I was his right hand man. He needed a tough looking guy who could read in between the lines and I was the right man for the job. My job entailed a lot of travelling across Europe, the United States, Asia and part of Africa.”

Then he paused to sip his tea. Cassandra was oblivious of her surrounding, she was deep in thought. What sort of business could Ray be running that would yield so much returns. She decided to ask “What’s the nature of Ray’s business?” 

“He’s into lots of things, I’ll give you a breakdown later. For now, let’s catch-up with you. What has been happening in my absence?” 

She shrugged and muttered “Nothing much, the same routine I suppose. Am tired of living a boring unchallenging life, I take it out on Joe, I know I’ve not been fair to him, I try to push him out of his comfort zone but he won’t bulge. Many times I encouraged him to start his carpentry business, he’s a talented craftsman and he’ll make more money on his own, but my Joe rather prefers the status of an employee being paid peanuts for his skills. That’s the reason for most of our quarrel.” 

Snofield responded “Go change into something nice, I wanna take you out?”

Cassandra giggled “O yeah! That’s what am talking about.” 

She changed into a nice gown Joe bought for her two years ago. The children will be home in three hours time, their father took them fishing. She left a note on the dining table in case she doesn’t come back early and kept the key under the flower vase outside. 

Snofield opened the passenger’s door of his latest model sports car for her. This was her first time in one of these, it felt so cool. She was going to enjoy every single moment of this thrill and savor on it later.  







CHAPTER THREE



Snofield stopped the car in front of an Italian restaurant exclusively for the rich. He led the way while Cassandra followed timidly. They settled in a corner, within two minutes, they were attended to. He placed the orders while his sister sat quietly astounded. Five minutes later, she glared at the mouth watering delicacies in front of her, wandering which one to start with. Her brother had already delved into his meals; she stared at him, thinking how much all these possibly cost, perhaps her wage for a week.

She tasted the first course and her appetite came in full fledge. Within minutes, she was on the second course. Snofield had stopped eating; he was looking at her and grinning, not wanting to interrupt her first experience in a five-star restaurant. Thirty minutes later, they were relaxing with a glass of wine. Snofield beckoned on the waitress to bring the bill. Cassandra almost screamed when she saw the figures. It was her wage for a month. She got angry with her brother for bringing her to such a place and wasting so much money. She would have preferred being given the cash as gift, it would have gone into her savings account and accrued some interest. She began to wander if her brother was into drugs. She couldn’t help her curiosity. When they got into the car, she asked him “Are you doing drugs?” He looked right into her eyes and said no.

He drove outside town on the free highway to show off the speed level. His sister was fascinated, she wanted to have a feel of the wheels, so, they changed sides. Timidity first set in, but after twenty minutes, she was accustomed to it and wished she had one of her own. Snofield could read her thoughts. 

“You know you can buy one of these within six months if you quit your job and come work for me” he said. 

“Where will you get that kind of money to pay me? Moreover, you’ve not told me the kind of business you’re into” she replied. 

“We’ll talk about it tomorrow over lunch. Turn right at the next junction, it’s time to go back.”

She drove the sports car all the way home. Joe was sitting in his favorite chair on the verandah when he saw his wife get down from a posh car and a familiar gentleman walking towards him. He strained his eyes to see if he was mistaking the man for Snofield. He called his name and he responded “That’s me man, am back in style.” 

Joe looked at him and glanced back at the car, he was already on his feet. He laughed and shook hands with his brother-in-law. They both exchanged warm pleasantries then Joe asked “How did you do it?” 

“It’s a long story man, I’ll fill you in some other day. How’re my little nephew and niece?” asked Snofield. 

“They’re up in their room doing their homework” replied Joe. 

“I’ve got to run now. I need to be on my way, I’ve got an appointment. I’ll check on them later. Take care of my Cass, will appreciate that.” He turned around, entered his car and zoomed off. 

Cassandra was in a great mood, she hugged her husband and said “Honey, I had a fabulous experience today which I don’t want to forget in the next twenty years. Wow! I drove the latest sports car, dinned in a five-star restaurant and got a fantastic job offer. What more could I possibly ask for?” she grinned.     

“Glad to see you’re in a good mood. Tell me all about it.” 

They walked into their bedroom as she narrated the day’s experience with so much ecstasy. 

Snofield drove straight to Ray’s mansion which is about four hours drive from his sister’s place. He walked into Ray’s private living room and met him watching a basketball tournament on his favorite channel. 

“Have you told her?” was the first question he asked. 

“No, not now; I need to give her time to enjoy my home coming. We’ll meet over lunch tomorrow and I’ll give her some impressive figures if she’ll come and work for me. She needs money, she won’t turn the offer down.” 

Ray nodded then said “You know we need her skill, she knows how security gadgets operate in banks. Tomorrow you’ll tell her there’s a vacancy in a securities company which offer services to banks which is one of my subsidiaries. Also, make her realize she’ll be head of operations, training subordinates under her about intricacies in bank security. With time she’ll know what we really do but it’ll be too late to turn back. Moreover, she’ll get too used to the money she wouldn’t want it to stop.”

Snofield grinned saying to himself “Just as I got used to it.” 

That night, Snofield tossed in bed, he couldn’t sleep. He had nightmares seeing his sister falling down a cliff and screaming “Snofield you deceived me!!” 

His desperate efforts to rescue her failed. He woke up sweating profusely and in deep fear. What could this mean? He checked the time, it was quarter past three. Instead of going back to sleep, he decided to do some work on his computer but he couldn’t concentrate. He kept having a feeling something bad was going to happen to Cass. He shoved the thought aside, insisting he was doing her a favor by elevating her financial status and giving her the opportunity to enjoy the good things of life. It’s clear she’s fed up with her present condition and won’t turn down the opportunity to make it big no matter the risks involved. He’ll make it a priority that she’s well protected, no one is going to hurt his Cass as long as he’s alive. Two hours later, he was fast asleep. 

The following day was a Sunday. Joe took the children along to church. He attended a Presbyterian church and was a worker in the maintenance department. His wife wasn’t a frequent attendee though she encouraged her children to put GOD first in whatever they do. She sat impatiently in her kitchen drinking a cup of coffee and staring at the clock, waiting for her brother to knock as promised. Today will determine her fate and she wasn’t going to blow it. Two hours later, she heard a knock and hurriedly got the door. Her brother looked cool in his casual jeans and t-shirt.

He had dark specs on which made him look more handsome. He smiled and said “I have two tickets for a life band concert down town, do I have a yes or no?” 

Cassandra smiled “You know how I love life bands, of course the answer is yes, give me a minute let me get my purse.” 

She joined him in the car and off they went, to rock the latest gig. The concert had started by the time they got there. The venue was a classic event centre. They settled in the VIP table reserved for them. Cassandra blushed, she felt elated and ready to dance. There was so much energy in the air. Within minutes, she was on the dance floor. Her favorite Irish band was up stage performing their latest hit, currently on the top-ten chart. This felt so good. Joe rarely took her to concerts, it was in the early part of their marriage they both had time for this. He didn’t really enjoy life concert, he’d rather be in a sports arena or cinema hall. 

Snofield couldn’t match up to his sister’s dance steps, she was too good. After fifteen minutes, he bowed out and went to get a drink. Cassandra dominated the dance floor, she knew the latest moves and the lyrics. When the music was over, she got a round of applause from the band and other dancers. She was thrilled and quickly remembered her manners and bowed in appreciation. Excited, she returned to her table and saw her brother grinning sheepishly. 

“Queen of the floor, you sure know how to groove a party” he said. She only smiled and ordered a drink. Few minutes later, he went straight to business. “If you come work for me I’ll make you head of operations in a securities firm which am managing for Ray. It has the latest gadgets, like the type used in banks but the staff ain’t experienced enough. I’ll need you to train them. We already have prospective clients in the corporate environment. You’ll be paid five times what you currently earn in your bank plus bonus. There’s provision for life insurance policy, official car, sponsored trips to different parts of the world and access to state of the art technology. Do I have a yes or I’ll think about it?” 

Cass was sub-consciously working the maths. Her take home at the end of three months would clear their nagging mortgage loan which gulps greater part of their income. She’ll also get to travel and visit places she’d always dreamed of with all expense paid. How can she turn down such an offer on a platter of gold? This is a once in a life time opportunity and it’ll be plain stupid to turn it down. She opened her mouth with a smile and said “Yes Snofield, am all in.” 

“Bravo!!’ he shouted. You may start in a week’s time, I’ll furnish you with details later. I like the tune playing, let’s dance and celebrate your new job.”      







CHAPTER FOUR


RAY33 Securities Limited is located in a former warehouse recently converted to office outlets. The building houses six different companies which are; one real estate company, one laundry shop, a restaurant, a boutique, a supermarket and a securities outlet. 

RAY33 was established barely six months ago. To the public, it’s a securities company offering protection to individuals and corporate organizations but to the underworld, it is the intelligence centre for gathering information and carrying out hi-tech robbery. Their first client and victim was an art collector named Douglas Grant. He had seen the advert placed on the newspaper by a securities firm showcasing its state-of-the-art securities gadgets and offering discount to the first fifteen customers. He quickly wrote down the address and showed up in the office early the following morning. 

He recently returned from an arts exhibition in India where he purchased valuable art works of ancient history. He was sure they’ll sell for five times the price he purchased them due to their high demand in museums of ancient art. They were kept in his private warehouse but he needed additional security.

He is known to be very privy about his business so when he sat in front of a senior staff of RAY33 Securities Limited and asked questions about the nature of his business plus if he needed minor or major security gadgets, his response was “I run a charity organization and we help to channel basic necessities such as fairly used clothes, books and the likes to the less privileged. We need an effective gadget that will keep our supplies safe; I don’t think a minor gadget will suffice.” 

He was shown an array of gadgets, made his selection, filled the required forms and issued a cheque. By noon, they were installed. He tested them before and after they left and was satisfied with the outcome. When night fell, he slept at ease with no worry in the world. 

Unknown to him, in the middle of the night at 12:15am, three men in dark hoods sneaked through the security and searched through the small warehouse which had boxes of used clothes, shoes, books and the likes. After twenty minutes, they came across a hidden door locked with a key. They opened it with their tiny instruments and gaped at what they saw. The room was full of beautiful artifacts. They snapped pictures of each art work and quietly left the same way they came. When they got to the office, through their network of artwork valuers’, they estimated the full worth of the collections. About four weeks later, they stole the pieces of art in the middle of the night and replaced them with counterfeits. The original were sold in the black market. That was how they made their first million. Douglas wanted to sue them after his discovery but he was afraid to go to court. He had a lot of dark secrets which could put him behind bars. 


When Cassandra walked into her new employment on a bright Tuesday morning, she was warmly welcomed by the receptionist who had been awaiting her arrival and immediately led her to Snofield’s office which is the biggest with an executive touch. She felt relaxed, her brother runs things here so she will be reporting directly to him. It feels good not having to take orders from some strangers. He was on the phone with a client so she took her time to size-up the office which in her opinion was well decorated with the right color and furniture, including a show-glass displaying portable security gadgets. 

Snofield concluded his discussion on phone with a smile then turned to Cassandra “You’re early” he said. “Glad you could make it. How do you find the place?” 

“Cool, I can’t wait to start work.” 

“Good, I’ll have my secretary introduce you round then show you your office. I’ve assigned Dreg the responsibility of putting you through your job description and updating you on operations matters. He’ll be working directly under you. Welcome on board Cass.” They both stood up and shook hands. 

An hour later, she sat alone in her new office, gazing down at river Daniela. It all seemed like a dream. This time last week she was standing guard in a bank, taking orders. Today, she’s the head of operations in a securities firm with a beautiful office to herself and a bogus package. Am one lucky girl, she thought to herself. 

Back at home, her husband Joe was having lunch with an old pal in the neighborhood nicknamed MJ. “Have you seen Snofield recently?” asked Joe. 

“Yeah man, saw him cruising a hot ride the other day, heard he’s working for Ray, that slimy leach. I don’t trust that guff for anything. My cousin worked for him for two years before he ran for his life. He’s in the Bahamas now, living under a false identity. When I learnt Snofield was with him, I smelt trouble. Be careful, Ray’s bad luck, only those close to him know he’s deep and dangerous.” 

Joe was now stammering “Whatttt d’you mean he’s dangerous? Tell me what you know now, my Cass just got a job with her brother and she started today. Is she in danger? Talk to me man!” Joe exclaimed. 

“Cool it man, take it easy” retorted MJ. “Am just saying what my cousin told me. My advice is this, find out about her job and if you have doubts about it, get her out of there. I’ve got to go. Nancy’s waiting for me, promised to take her to the gym. See you later pal.” 


Joe sat alone for fifteen minutes pondering on what he just heard and how it could affect his family. When he got home, he waited all evening for his wife to come home. When she finally did, she was so excited about her new job, told him everything that happened and described her new office with ecstasy. He couldn’t bring up himself to tell her about what he heard, she seemed so happy and satisfied and he wouldn’t want to deny her the thrill of the moment. He only nodded and smiled. 

Over dinner, he asked what her job description entailed and how long she planned to work there. She was kind of surprised, “Joe I just started work there, I kind of like what I saw there, is there something you’re not telling me?” 

“No honey, of course not, I just wanna make sure you’re happy and you’re not in any danger. Promise me one thing, you won’t keep any secrets from me, not that I don’t trust you, but I gotta watch your back. You’re my responsibility.” 

“Oh honey, I love you” she said with a twinkle in her eyes. 

“I know” he replied, and kissed her cheek. 

*****

It’s been three weeks since Cassandra resumed work in RAY33. The first ten days were tedious, she was trained in the use of cutting edge technology gadgets and had to catch up fast. Presently, she’s coping well with the pace. On the other hand, she has been training her subordinates on the practical aspect of security based on her experience. Quietly sitting in her office, she was preparing her work schedule for the week but couldn’t quite place the reason for her depressive mood which began three days ago. She’d lost her appetite for food and the excitement about her job. What she felt now was sadness.
 
Could it be the change of environment? She had spent over five years in her former employment, perhaps her body was finding it difficult adjusting to change. Maybe this happens to people when they change jobs. It’s a feeling and it’ll pass with time, so it will be a waste of time giving attention to such feelings, she thought. 

While she was busy brooding, Snofield was in a restaurant keeping Ray up-to-date with happenings. Ray listened with rapt attention, deliberating on their next major assignment and how prepared Cassandra was for her first field task. ”Are you sure she’s ready? You know the risks involved, can she handle it?” he asked.

“I’ve drilled her for the past fifteen days Ray, she’s tough, she can handle it, trust me.” 

“Okay. This is the plan; my sources said the boxes of pure gold will be conveyed in a grey armored vehicle en-route Savida Bank and are expected to arrive by 10:20am tomorrow. They’re worth over 15 Million Euros. Stick to the plan and you won’t have any problems, any questions?” 

“None Ray, just wish us luck.” 

“You better be lucky on this one, I expect a green light by noon.” 

Ray cleared the bill and walked away. Snofield sat back to make a call to his fiancée “I won’t be home tonight, don’t stay up for me. I’ve got some unfinished business, see you tomorrow night … I love you too.”







CHAPTER FIVE


It has been forty-eight hours since they carried out the robbery. The boxes of gold had been transferred by Ray’s men across the border to a ready market and on-line payments have been made to offshore accounts belonging to them. He couldn’t be happier, but one thing troubled his mind, Cassandra’s complete withdrawal from him. She blindly played along in the whole scheme; it was in the final hour she realized she helped them rob a bank. Her display of anger and distraught still haunts him; couldn’t bear seeing his sister in that mood. He needs to talk to her. But first, he’ll make some transfer into her account to ease the conversation.

Cassandra had been home since her discovery and couldn’t bring herself to tell Joe that she aided in a bank robbery. She lied to him that she had flu and was reacting to something she ate. All alone in the house, the children had gone to school, Joe had a job out of town; she had to think and figure a way out of this ordeal. The thought of being discovered scared her. 

Would Snofield let her go just like that with the knowledge of their dark secret? Perhaps the police are on their trail. Who will believe her if she claimed ignorance to the whole scheme? How could Snofield do this to her? She trusted him. 

Hmmm! Like the old adage says, ‘Not all that glitters is gold’. While she was still busy thinking, her mobile phone gave out an alert. She checked to see the message. What she saw made her stare closer. It was her bank sending her a transaction notification. The figures she saw made her stomach churn. 

I can’t be a part of this, she thought. If I accept this money, then am giving my consent which indirectly means am willing to play along. Am putting my reputation on the line and my family would be at risk if anything happens to me. What do I do? 

On a second thought, I may never be caught and I can have a better life somewhere safe with my family where we can’t be traced. The gold probably belonged to some rich tycoons who have other sources of wealth. A little drain on their resources can’t make them poor. Okay, what about the police? The thought of incarceration is a nightmare for anyone.

What if the law catch-up with us? Hmmm! What do I do? She was busy brooding when she heard a knock on the door. Her heart leaped, could it be the police, have they gotten the others? But I wasn’t at the forefront of the crime scene, why would they rope me in? 

When the knock persisted, she nervously sneaked to the window to take a peep. It was Snofield. “What do you want!” she shouted. 

“Cass open the door, I’ll explain everything” he said. 

“Why didn’t you explain the first day you walked in here? You caught me in your hook and left me in despair. How could you do this to me Snofield? I trusted you.” 

“I feel bad enough Cass, please open the door and I’ll explain everything. I owe you an explanation.” 

She quietly walked to the door, unlocked the bolt and moved to the kitchen. Her brother followed her and drew her shoulder “Cass look at me, it’s killing me seeing you this way. I feel bad enough not telling you the truth, I was sensitive to your needs. You wanted a good life and deserve it.” 

She interrupted him “No, no, no, you’re wrong, I wanted a good life but I didn’t crave to have it by stealing. I protected people’s money, how could you lure me to steal from them. I think you needed my background knowledge that’s why you gave me that stupid job. What if the police catch–up with you and your so called staff, what happens next? Let me tell you what happens next, you go to jail and you pull me along. You didn’t even think of me, my family, our family!” She began to cry, reached for the napkin on the dining table and blew her nose. 

“So what’s your explanation?” 

“Did you get the alert?” he asked. 

“Yes I did, is that your explanation, to bribe me to keep quiet and play along?” 

“Cool it Cass, am not buying your silence, am only here to say I didn’t mean you any harm and I’ll put my life on the line for you. You don’t have to worry about the police, Ray’s got everything under control. Just be conservative, don’t go on a shopping spree and draw attention to yourself. Lay low for now. If you still want your job, your office is still waiting for you, take your time, I know it’s hard on you but this is what we do and am not ready to change. Call me when you make-up your mind, bye Cass” he turned and left. 

She sat alone in the kitchen for a long time until the children ran in screaming “We’re home mummy, what’s for lunch!?” 

“How was school today?” she managed to ask. 

“Cool, we had field trip, it was fun.” 

“Good, go have your bath you two, change your clothes and come down for lunch.” 

They rushed upstairs, giving Cassandra time to prepare a quick meal. Back in her mind, she was contemplating whether to tell Joe about the money and its source. What if Joe tells me to return the money and resign? Is that what I really want? I’d rather keep it to myself for now till I make-up my mind. 

*****

The police department had put their best team on ground to unravel this heinous crime. It happened in the premises of one of the most secured banks in the county. This had taken a negative toll on account holders, making them doubt the safety of their money and other valuables kept in other banks vault. Although security had been beefed up, the damage had been done. Customers and investors confidence have to be restored.
Inspector Garissa Flint is the head of the investigating team. He joined the police force twenty-eight years ago when he was twenty-five and fresh from college where he studied foreign languages otherwise known as linguistics. His athletic physique complimented his job and he maintained his handsome look through a stable workout session he had adhered to all his adult life. 
When he was handed the assignment by the district police department, the first thoughts that ran through his mind were – this is an inside job, the culprits are sophisticated with a complex network which means the stolen boxes of gold must be up for sale in the black market right about now; the probability of recovering them is slim but it’s best to keep my opinion to myself. The focus now is to find the culprits, preferably the ring leader. That would entail a lot of intelligence gathering, human and financial resources, as well as a whole lot of risk. Well, that’s what am trained to do, take risks. I’ve been doing that for years and I’ve got medals to show for it. How else could this high profile case land on my laps if they hadn’t checked my records and certified am the best man for the job? 
If I unravel this case, it’ll speed up my promotion and political ambition. I’ll need a smart team to work with. Well, what I need now is a box of pizza and hot coffee; it’s going to be a long night in the office studying the files.







CHAPTER SIX



Ray sat at the bar in his luxurious yacht with a glass of whisky in his hand. It was an expensive habit he had. After every successful raid, he sails far into the deep ocean and stays off dry land for at least a month with excess supply to last that long. His crew is made up of his inner caucus including female companions from brothel networks which he controls. He wasn’t new in organized crime, rather he was groomed into it from the very day he knew how to read and write. His father was an active member of an organized crime syndicate. Their operations were secret. They worked in legitimate organizations to keep the police off them but carried out their heinous activities in secret. Ray had two elder brothers and a younger sister. Both his brothers are dead. They were killed while on separate operations, leaving him total control of the family interest within the syndicate.

It is apparent he is gaining more power, control and popularity by the day, for his goal is to become the next Don. “However long it’ll take me, that seat will be mine someday” he muttered. 

Snofield is doing a good job with intelligence gathering, he thought. He ought to be on this voyage but he is much needed to run things for me on ground and keep me updated on news report concerning this latest robbery. So far, the police are clueless about the identity of the culprits though arrests have been made. None is pointing towards our direction. We were discrete in covering our tracks. It’ll take a genius to figure us out, the network is too complicated so won’t be easy to penetrate. Even if the police department sends in their spies, they’ll still be clueless; he thought, then burst into laughter and gulped down the remaining whisky. He was in high spirit and party mood. He sent for the captain and ordered for a party in two hours time. They were fifteen on board, enough crowd to groove a party.

*****

Joe sat quietly in one of the rooms being renovated. It was a bid his employers recently won. A block of council flats were being revamped and he handled the interior carpentry designs. Work was in progress. He stopped for a break to eat his packaged lunch but lost his appetite after one bite. He couldn’t stop worrying about his wife. There was trouble looming, he could smell it but can’t really place his finger on the source. Everything appears normal on the surface but his sixth sense warned him there’s a raging turbulence underneath. All these started the day Snofield walked back into their lives with his purported wealth. 

What do they do to amass so much wealth? Cass says Ray owns a chain of companies and recently opened this securities firm which Snofield manages and Cass has a whole office to herself with a bogus package. I’ve been working for this organization for almost a decade and am not within the range of one-third of my wife’s new salary plus bonus. The downside is she sees me as a loser because she now earns more than me. All those latest technological gadgets she mentioned, how can a new company afford them? Who are their sponsors aside from Ray? Could it be a bank loan? I need answers. How do I get them without letting Cass know? I’ll need MJ on this one. He’ll have to link me to his cousin in the Bahamas. I’ll call him over for dinner at Rodriguez Restaurant tomorrow. He would help; he’s not the type to turn an old pal down. “Okay now, enough thinking, back to work” he said to himself and began arranging the polished mahogany woods for the floor. He has three more hours before he calls it a day. 

Cassandra finished setting the table for dinner. She prepared her husband’s favorite meal which the children also love then called on top of her voice “Dinner’s ready!” 

Joe was watching a soap opera with the kids, they were hungry and didn’t waste time getting to the dining table. “Wow! Mum what’s the celebration? Dinner today looks mouth watering” her daughter remarked. 

“Thanks dear, just feel like spoiling you all” she said. 

Cassandra served everyone and herself last. Nobody talked; they ate their meal with excitement, savoring every taste. She looked at them and smiled, but the smile disappeared within seconds when she remembered what she had done. She hopes her plan works, that’s the only way she’ll know how her husband would react if she told him the truth. Dinner was over within forty-five minutes. 

Joe volunteered to help with the dishes, he told the children to go upstairs and finish their home work. They were now alone and she could see in her husband’s eyes, the longing for the woman he loves. 

“I can’t wait to have you in bed Cass, I want you so much” he said. 

“Am in the mood too honey, it’s been long I felt this way. Guess what, I bought a nice action video when I went to the mall today. You work too hard and rarely have time to spoil yourself these days. I remember how you liked going to the cinema to watch those block-buster action movies. Well, I brought the cinema home” she said. 

“Really, you did that! You’ve changed honey; this job is really bringing out the romantic side of you. Let’s hurry with the dishes, I can’t wait to have you in bed” he replied. 

Within minutes, they were in the privacy of their room. They felt like newlyweds with their passion coming in full fledge amidst moans as they curled together in one rhythm not wanting to pull apart.

After it ended, Joe was so tired, within five minutes he was snoring peacefully. Cassandra moved quietly to the bathroom for a shower, put on her bathrobe and sat in the armchair beside their bed staring at her husband. She loves the man lying in that bed but his response tonight would determine a lot of things. In one hour’s time she’ll wake him. 

It’s been a long time Joe slept this well, he woke up glad and vibrant; looked around the room, his wife wasn’t there. He got up, took a shower and went downstairs. “Honey, where are you” he called. 

“Am right here fixing a cup of tea, it’s cold tonight, the children are sleeping, I left their room ten minutes ago. Do you care for tea?” she asked.

“Yes dear, that’ll be nice.” 

He went to the living room and sat in his favorite chair. Two minutes later, Cassandra brought him a cup of tea. They quietly enjoyed their tea for about three minutes before Joe broke the silence. 

“Where’s the movie you bought? I’ll like us to watch it now.” 

Cassandra stood up and went to the kitchen, it was in her shopping bag. She retrieved it, held it to her chest for a moment, closed her eyes and whispered to herself “I hope this will answer my questions” then quietly walked back to Joe who was eagerly waiting. 

“What’s the title?” he asked. 

“The Robbery” she replied. 

As they sat to watch the movie, Joe drew her close to him on the sofa and rested her head on his shoulder “I love you Cass, what you’ve done tonight means a lot to me.” 

She smiled and kissed him while her heart was burning with guilt and fear. The storyline is a near replica of her current situation; a brother lures his unsuspecting sister into a criminal gang. They made so much money and decided to quit the gang and start a new life in another country but the gang leader told them he’ll only let them go if they took part in the biggest robbery in the history of the gang. The sister refused, saying the risk was too high but her brother managed to convince her. Unknown to them, a member of the gang was arrested two months earlier by the police for previous crimes committed which could earn him fifteen years behind bars but he cut a deal with the law enforcements for a reduced jail term. All he had to do was supply inside information and they’ll handle the rest. The gang carried out the robbery without hitch but little did they know that their escape route had been blocked by the special anti-robbery squad. A bloody fight ensued which left more than half of the gang lying dead. The brother survived with life threatening injuries, while the sister was uninjured. She was handcuffed and taken away. 

When the movie ended, Cass stared at her husband, dreading his next words. She broke the silence, “So what do you think?” 

Joe looked at her and said “They deserve what they got. You don’t steal other people’s stuff and think you’ll get away with it. Karma is always somewhere waiting to pay back.” 

Cass’s blood pressure shot up, she shivered then asked “Do you think the sister is as guilty as the rest? Remember she was cajoled into the gang, she never wanted to be a part of it but found herself hooked.” 

Joe shook his head in total disagreement then said “What did she do to dissuade her brother? She had some options though risky but she didn’t make use of them. She is responsible for her life and safety. Why didn’t she run away when she discovered they were rogues? She stuck with them and took part in their loot. You should know better, you’re an expert in this field.” 

Cassandra could no longer contain her anxiety; she burst into tears, trembling all over. Joe held her shoulders in shock, he was lost “Cass did I say something wrong? Look at me honey, what’s biting you? Talk to me baby, please say something, you’re frightening me.” 

She looked at him with tears filled eyes “Am in deep shit Joe” and continued crying. Joe’s heart beat tripled, his mouth suddenly became dry.

“How deep Cass?” he asked with a shaky voice. 

His wife looked at him nervously “Very deep Joe, am in very deep shit.”

He got up and began pacing the room to calm his nerves. What could his wife have done? He summoned courage and sat beside her, took her right hand in his and patted it “It’s okay honey, just calm down and tell me what you did and we’ll figure a way out of the mess so please stop crying and talk to me honey, just talk am listening.”

She took the napkin on the stool beside her and blew her nose. “It’s the job I got with Snofield.”

“I knew it!” shouted Joe. “I always knew there was something fishy about that offer with the plump salary and whatever. Go on Cass, am listening.”

“They’re not into security Joe, it’s all a cover, they’re a bunch of thieves, robbers, sophisticated robbers I mean. You know the worst part of it, the bank robbery that took place some days ago was carried out by them. Snofield deceived me; he used my knowledge of bank security to plan the scheme and got me involved. He roped me in Joe, my brother set me up.”

Joe could not comprehend what his wife was saying. He thought he didn’t hear her right. He was trying to make sense of what he just heard but couldn’t quite resonate with what she just uttered. His wife involved in a bank robbery? Of all banks to rob from, the most secured bank in the municipal which houses the chunk of the city’s treasury? No, no, no, this can’t be true; perhaps she’s pulling my legs. Is today April first? Is she trying to fool me? 

He held her hand tighter and said “Honey, you don’t joke with things like this, it’s a costly one if you’re trying to pull my legs. Just cut off the prank and tell me what’s really eating you up.” 

She stopped crying and looked into his eyes “You don’t believe a word I just said? Do you think I’ll make up such story for amusement? Am dead serious here Joe!” she shouted. 

Joe staggered to his feet, tried to maintain his balance but fell on the next sofa, struggled to get up again but suddenly felt his energy drained out of his body. He was mute for thirty seconds. 

When he found his voice, he said “Cass are you crazy! Are you out of your mind! With all your experience were you blind not to see what you were getting yourself into? Didn’t you for one moment pause to see the effect on your family, on me Cass, didn’t you think of me? I sensed there was something fishy going down and I warned you to open your eyes and tell me when you sense trouble. You plunged into a trap head on and now you’re telling me? Who will ever believe you’re innocent? Tell me, who’ll believe you were set up? With all your training and experience you’re considered a professional. Were you blinded by the money, fast car, private office, to stoop so low to be actively involved in a bank robbery and not just any bank, the most secured bank in the county! You’re right, you’re in deep shit, very deep shit.” 

There was silence for five minutes. “Now tell me how it all happened” he said in disappointment. 

Cassandra narrated the whole episode amidst tears and bitter anger, insisting she was ignorant of the whole scheme and was caught off guard. When she finished, Joe got up, took his jacket and decided to go for a long walk to clear his head. He warned her not to do anything stupid before he returns, he was concerned she might hurt herself. He has enough on his hands already.  







CHAPTER SEVEN


Joe stepped into the chilly weather outside; he couldn’t comprehend what he just heard. The biting cold added to his state of confusion. How could Cass be so stupid to allow this happen to us? The whole family is caught up in this mess. Who will ever believe her claim of ignorance? I can imagine what people would say if they found out “It’s obvious she needed the money to better her lot. Her husband isn’t earning much.” 

In all the years I’ve known Cass, she could be mean with her tongue but never has she been involved in any form of theft. She’s too decent to take other people’s things without first asking. The odds against her are many. She’s a trained security personnel who should know her right from her left, she’s blood relative to the ring leader, she passed her inside knowledge on bank security to them, she worked closely with them for weeks as a senior staff, she earned large income plus bonus in the last three months and they robbed the wealthiest mean men in the county. Wow! She’s in real deep shit.

How do we get out of this one? What do you do when you find yourself in a sinking ship? 

Hmmm! You jump ship and swim as fast as you can with little or nothing till you find support or dry land. We’ve got to flee. How much is in my savings account? Almost 20,000 Euros. We can’t sell the house, it’ll raise suspicion and the real estate sector hasn’t bounced back since the depression two years ago. We need more money. I don’t want Cass touching any of the blood money in her account. 

Where do we go? South Africa! Yes, South Africa isn’t a bad idea, plus my skills can come in handy. The weather is good and there are lots of white folks there. We can start a new life and forget about family and friends here till it’s safe to come back.

When and how do we leave? Hmmm! In my wildest dream, I never envisaged fleeing from my country for a crime I never committed. It’s my fault, I didn’t do enough to protect my family from Snofield who has ruined our lives and all we’ve worked for. I should have stopped Cass from taking that job when I had my first suspicions. Rather, I kept it to myself, hoping for the best. See what that got me now, a fugitive looking over my shoulders everywhere I go. I’ve done enough thinking for one night. This pounding headache won’t stop, I better head back home. Two tablets of aspirin and water would send me to bed. Tomorrow I’ll be in a better position to plan. What a traumatic night.

When he got home, his wife was standing at the veranda looking petrified. At the sight of her husband, she started forward, reaching for his hands and looking into his eyes for some light of hope. She desperately needed him to take charge of the situation, she’s at her wits end. This is a very critical moment in her marriage; whatever Joe does or says now would determine their future. 

Joe looked at her and felt deep pity. She’s been betrayed by her closest sibling. Any wrong move from him would simply tear her apart. He drew her to his chest “Come here honey, you acted stupid but I still love you. I won’t leave you out there to fry. I’ve got a plan, we’ll talk about it in the morning.  Just wanna sleep over it.” 

She hugged him tight and began sobbing “I thought you were gonna leave me, thank you Joe, thank you so much. I’ve been mean to you in the past. Now I feel so ashamed. I had a good man all the while but I was too dumb to appreciate you. Am sorry for whatever pain I’ve caused you, please forgive me Joe.” 

Joe held her close and together they walked into the house. She looked a bit peaceful, drained though. Her burden feels light. What a relief to have Joe to share it with. Now that he knows the whole story, it’s his call to figure out the options out of this nightmare. He is the head of the family, the leader charts the course. They got to bed, cuddled then slept off.

*****

The long voyage to South Africa was a new experience for his wife and children. It took two weeks to get to the shores of Africa. They could have gotten there earlier but three days after departure, they encountered stormy weather which caused minor damage to their ship so had to berth at the nearest sea port to have it fixed. This took three days before they could sail on. They all fell sick the first day at sea but Cassandra had packed a medical kit in anticipation so the recovery was within few hours.

For Cassandra, the peace and quiet at sea was a soothing experience she would reflect on with nostalgia. The food was different from what she was used to. Though the seasoning was spicy, she enjoyed every meal. How nice to be in an environment where it seems your troubles are completely submerged and you can start on a clean slate. Most definitely she’ll stay clear of the likes of Snofield and focus on being a dutiful wife and loving mother. She thought over what she’ll do in terms of career after they settle in South Africa. Joe had already made up his mind that she’ll stay at home and look after the family. His carpentry skill would get him a good job buoyant enough to sustain them and leave some savings for the rainy day. 

He’s right, she needs time alone to clear her head. The events of the last few months have been overwhelming. The thought of her brother betraying her is too painful to admit. “I wonder if they’ll try to find me or simply let me go free to find a new life far away from their treacherous deeds” she muttered. 

It feels strange leaving Europe for the first time in her life. She had always dreamed of visiting other continents and learning new cultures and way of life but never under the present circumstance. Life as a fugitive in an entirely new environment will certainly come with its challenges. This is the time to be strong and positive, being fretful and overtly protective would raise suspicions. 

Joe had made arrangement with his pal – Shawn to get good buyers for the household items and credit his savings account with the proceeds. They are yet to reach a decision concerning the house. It’s better to wait for a bullish sign in the real estate sector. Her thoughts were interrupted by her daughter’s call “Mummy, mummy look at that giant whale, wow! It’s so huge.” She smiled and patted Jane’s head. Such a beautiful sight, she thought.

*****

Inspector Garissa and his team had been combing the streets for information in the last two weeks. No headway has been made so far. There are no witnesses coming forward, even with the 10,000 Euros reward for anyone who has useful information that could lead to the arrest of the culprits. Getting evidence is even worse. The criminals left no finger prints. How do you solve a case when there’s neither witness nor evidence? I guess the only option is to follow the gold. Where could the gold be right now? Certainly not in the country. Buyers would be sought abroad. We need to call the Interpol in on this one. It’s gone beyond our jurisdiction. There are territorial laws protecting the rights of citizens, asylum seekers and even un-convicted criminals. We’ll need to tread with caution.

*****

Snofield sat alone in his office, he was in deep thought. It’s been three weeks since Cassandra’s disappearance. He didn’t expect she’ll elope with her family. His men told him furniture have been moved and sold at an auction by a bulky fellow who claimed he was authorized to dispose them by the owners and credit their account with the proceeds. He had tried all his links to find her, even called his entire sibling but no one has a clue. Perhaps the next move is to wait. 

As long as she’s not talking, they’re covered. Ray mustn’t know of this, not yet. He is still at the high sea believing everything is under control. “I never wanted to involve Cass in this dirty way of life. I only felt I was helping her and giving her a chance to taste the luxuries of life. I meant her no harm” he said to himself. Three hours later, he was browsing his computer for news on the latest development regarding the robbery incident. The law enforcement haven’t made any headway. They’re still calling on witnesses. “They can’t trace the gold now, it’s far from their reach” he whispered.  







CHAPTER EIGHT


Inspector Garissa sat in the Mayor’s office with a determined look. Mayor Roland Young was on the phone with a Member of Council. He quickly concluded the dialogue and turned his attention to Garissa who had been seated waiting for the past five minutes. He was summoned to the Mayor’s office for a debrief on the current investigation. Being a high profile case involving gold and precious valuables belonging to very important personalities, the Mayor had been under tremendous pressure to find the culprits, recover the items and bring the criminals to justice.

“So, what progress have you made?” he asked. 

“Mr. Mayor, the challenge on ground is one we can surmount through careful, systematic approach. As at today, we’re yet to get any witnesses coming forward with useful information. The culprits left neither finger prints nor incriminating evidence. We’re looking at other options” he responded. 

“Inspector Garissa, you quite understand that this is a high profile case involving wealth belonging to highly placed individuals and corporate bodies. When your name came up as the best man for the job based on your track record, I did not hesitate in approving you. Now what I seem to be hearing are excuses and pessimism. Are you trying to tell me this is beyond your expertise? Don’t beat around the bush, come out straight. Can you handle this job and give me results within four weeks?” asked the Mayor. 

“Oh yes of cause Mr. Mayor, please don’t get me wrong. I was only trying to explain that we’re looking into bank accounts in the county with sudden huge deposits and irregular activities. The bottleneck is that the banks are not willing to divulge customer information because of the confidentiality agreement they have with their customers. There are many legal complications in that angle hindering progress. I believe you can use your good office to address the issue sir” Garissa said.

The Mayor nodded. “Send me an official request stating all you’ll need before the close of work today. Once you get all you need, I don’t want excuses, I want results. Got that!” he said with a stern look. 

“Absolutely sir and I’ll certainly not disappoint you.” 

He rose up, shook hands with the Mayor and walked out with determined steps. Mayor Roland watched with keen eyes as Garissa walked out till the door was closed behind him. He heaved loudly in his seat, stood up and moved slowly to the window. “I am the Mayor of this county and I intend to hold this seat for the next three years when my tenure ends. I won’t allow some low life criminal gang short-live my political career and ambition. They must be caught! I don’t care how the law enforcement do it, in four weeks, I want results and I’ll get nothing less” he muttered.

Later that evening, the Mayor left instructions with his secretary to send out invitation for a breakfast meeting to the Chief Executives of the thirty-three banks in the county which would take place in three days time. 

The day finally arrived. In attendance were the Chief Executive of the thirty-three banks in the county. They all looked meticulously dressed and carried the air of power and prestige. The venue was the Oriental Hotel which is well known for hosting government officials, diplomats and important personalities. They were all seated, engaged in polite discussions on trending news, awaiting the arrival of the Mayor and his close cabinet. Few minutes later, he walked in with three cabinet members and his secretary who came in handy to take the minutes of the meeting. They all rose from their seats to usher in the Mayor who walked round the table in a jovial disposition, offering hand shake and quick chat with everyone present. This took about fifteen minutes then he took his seat at the head of the table after which everyone else was seated. 

“It is a pleasure to have you all here to share a breakfast meal with me” he said. “I assume my invitation caught you all by surprise. I will start by allaying your fears. Relax everyone, lets enjoy this sumptuous meal then we’ll go straight to business. Am famished, hope you are too.” 

They all roared in agreement. Within thirty minutes, breakfast was over; time to go into the business of the day. 

“Ladies and gentlemen, am glad we enjoyed our meal” said the Mayor. “I do not wish to take much of your time, we all have busy schedules so I’ll go straight to the point. Few weeks ago, Savida Bank was broken into by a gang of sophisticated criminals. They carted away gold, precious stones and other valuable assets worth millions of Euro. They made the biggest mistake of committing this heinous crime within my jurisdiction. 

I want them caught, I want the treasures recovered and I need your support. Those culprits touched one of us, invariably they’ve touched all of us. This is where you come in. The investigating team need account information of individuals, group of persons and organizations with huge, irregular transactions from the day of the incident till date. They assume the treasures have been exchanged for hard currency in the black market. The challenge they have is the confidentiality clause all customers sign with their bank whereby you cannot divulge customer information to any third party. However, this is a case of national security and you all agree with me that all laws are subject to review in the event of some uncertainties. What I require of everyone present is your co-operation to assist with this investigation. Give the law enforcement the necessary information to help them do their job and catch those criminals before they hit another target. Do I have your support on this?” he asked. 

They all answered yes in one uniformed voice. 

“Good” responded the Mayor. “I knew I could count on you. Thank you for your time and please excuse me, I have some state matters to attend to. I wish you all a pleasant day. Thank you.”

As the Mayor and his entourage walked to the car, one of his cabinet members asked “Mr. Mayor, pardon me for asking, but who is going to foot the bill for the meal?” 

The Mayor grinned and said in a low voice “We’ll foot this one, but we’ll get it back through added-tax.”

His cabinet member smiled and replied “Smart move your Excellency.” They both laughed as they entered the car, chauffeured off to their next engagement. 

*****

It’s been two weeks since Inspector Garissa and his team had been searching through account statements, trying to get a lead into solving the puzzle they’re confronted with. The task has been demanding, tiring and hectic. They spend long hours studying financial statements which were within the category specified. Already, they have five thousand six hundred of such accounts.

This mission will definitely take time, human and material resources. Well, he signed up for the job and shouldn’t be complaining. Once there’s a will, there’s definitely a way, he thought. 

He paused for a while to think about Alice his wife. She’s been complaining lately about his long hours at work and his loss of weight. Ever since he took up this assignment, his appetite for food went south. She’s been very supportive over the years, looking after the home front while he was out on the field. Their four children are grown up now. They’ve all moved out to pursue their dreams having graduated from different colleges. The house seems lonely and quiet without them though they call regularly and visit often. Alice spends her day doing volunteer work with three charity organizations within the metropolis. They ought to be spending more time together now that the children are all grown up. “Once am through with this case, am going on a long vacation to Paris with Alice. We both need a break” he said to himself. 

He rose from his seat, stretched his legs and back, walked around the spacious office to ease blood circulation. The secured office within the Police Head Quarters was given to them based on the sensitive nature of their assignment. There were fourteen members of his team working on the information supplied by the various banks in the metropolis. He looked at them, all engrossed in front of their computers. These men and women have families and loved ones too, but for the love of their country, put their job first. They’ve made sacrifices and for that, their efforts should not go unrewarded. This mission must be a success so we can all share the glory, he thought. 

At that instant, his stomach made a hungry twitch. He walked to his seat, grabbed his jacket and headed for the restaurant across the road for a decent meal. 







CHAPTER NINE


When the ship berth at the port near Pretoria, South Africa, Joe’s first impulse was to clear their eight boxes and find a conducive temporary lodging for his family and himself. They were greeted to a chilly weather. Good thing the captain warned them ahead of time about the current weather condition so they were already garbed in their winter clothes when they set foot on the shores of Africa. Cassandra couldn’t help admiring the beautiful landscape as they travelled along the smooth road.

The air was clean, the sky clear and blue, the buildings weren’t choked up together. There were gardens, lawns, green houses and animal farms.  There were also fascinating high-rise buildings and quite a number of white faces on the streets, as well as the native indigenes, mixed race, Asians and other nationalities. People just went about their business peacefully. There wasn’t any hurry to get to the station on time or miss the train. People here seem to have control over their time. The vehicle halted on the drive-way of a beautiful guest house. Their luggage was carried in by the polite door man. 

Joe handled the booking at the reception desk. He made advance payment for one week. Within that period he’ll work on finding a more permanent accommodation. The price was within his budget. Thanks to the fella he met on the ship who gave him a copy of his “Travelers’ Guide to South Africa”. He spent some hours studying the content before concluding he’ll make a home in Pretoria. 

Before leaving Ireland, he had designed a picture album of beautiful artistic designs he had made. He intends showcasing his skills here and gradually start his own company. Lots of things have to be put in place. He’ll have to register his presence and family with the Irish Embassy, get the necessary residence and work permit and other legal documents to make their home here hitch free. 

“I have a feeling am going to have a long successful stay here” he said to himself as he joined his family at the other end of the reception, holding the key to their suite. He got to them, looked at his wife and said with a smile “Everything is going to be okay honey.” 

She clung to him and smiled back as they walked together to their temporary abode. When they got to the front of their suite, Joe fixed the key to the door hole, turned it and opened the door wide. He stepped in and the rest of his family followed after. He surveyed the two rooms, living room, kitchen, toilet and bathroom, including the balcony.

He nodded and smiled. Turned to his wife and asked ‘What do you think?” She nodded in agreement and said “It’s very decent, I like it. The children can take the left room while we take the right. We’ll have a clear view of the city from this floor.” 

Then she moved to the balcony, admiring the landscape even more. The nice door man had placed all their boxes in the living room. He stood upright and smiled at Joe. Joe quickly understood what it meant. He dipped his hand into his pocket, drew out a five rand note and handed it to him with a smile and a thank you. 

“Thank you sir” replied the door man, turned to Cassandra, bowed his head in respect and took his leave. 

“Daddy, mummy I like this place” said their son. 

“Me too” added their daughter. 	

They both rushed to their room in excitement leaving the two adults to decide the arrangement of their stuffs. Cassandra walked to the kitchen, opened the fridge, it was empty. She called her husband “Joe, we’ll need to get to a mall and shop for food. Let’s relax for one hour then we’ll take a cab downstairs.” 

Her husband replied “Okay honey, we’re going with the kids, they’ll pick some essentials and have a view of the city too.” 

His wife responded “Of course we’re going with the kids; you don’t expect I’ll leave them all alone in an entirely new environment where we know no one. Let’s take a nap, am tired.”


Two hours later, the whole family was strolling towards the park beside Malcolm Shopping Mall, situated at the heart of the city. They each carried a shopping bag full of groceries and toiletries they’ll need for the week. Joe found a suitable spot opposite the large fountain. It was a relaxation space where families could enjoy a picnic and children engage in leisure activities. 

Joe and Cassandra sat on the bench as they watched their children run off to play at the children’s corner, equipped with entertaining facilities. Other families were there and it wasn’t crowded. The children were within their view as they relaxed in the bench, enjoying the fresh breeze. 

Cassandra broke the silence “What are your plans for tomorrow?”

“Hmmm!” sighed Joe. “I intend getting our paper work in place at the embassy then network around for a job and more permanent accommodation. While am at that, I’ll get some literature about the country. We’ll need to understand their rule of law, history, languages, ethnic groups and a whole lot more. Good thing English is the Lingua Franca here. I’ll get a copy of their newspaper on our way back.” 

“That sounds good. I guess my work is already cut out for me. Tomorrow I’ll sort out our stuffs and make the place a little homely since it’s a temporary arrangement. We’ll eat out today, tomorrow I’ll busy myself with cooking and pastries” she said. 

“Yes honey, I’ll want you to stay indoor with the children. You can also watch TV and understand the people and politics. I also learnt they have interesting soap operas. I’ll look around for a Presbyterian church tomorrow. We must not neglect our spiritual life. You know we need to draw closer to GOD in these times. GOD has been good to this family. We ought to be grateful. Even though we tread off the path, letting ourselves be carried away by riches, fame and the so called good life which was all a trap set off to get us entangled, we are fortunate to wiggle free and start a new life here. Let’s make the best of this second chance and be honest with each other henceforth. I believe we’ve learnt our lessons and hope deeply in my heart that the past won’t catch up with us here.”

“I hope so too” responded his wife. 

“Let’s enjoy the breeze for another thirty minutes then we’ll go to the restaurant over there for dinner and head back to our temporal suite” said Joe. 

“I totally agree, am beginning to feel hungry” replied Cassandra. 

An hour later, they were enjoying a nice meal with soda. It felt like a family vacation which should never end. Trying times truly brings a family together. 


Meanwhile, back in Ireland, Cassandra’s siblings were still in shock over her sudden relocation without even mentioning a word to any of them. They heard the news from Snofield who told them perhaps she needed a change of environment urgently and would prefer being discrete about it until she’s settled then she’ll contact them. 

Snofield averted any fears about her safety. He reminded them that Joe was capable of looking after his family so there’s no cause for alarm. They all believed him except for Steven who works in a law firm. From his experience in the legal terrain, people don’t just pack up their belongings to undisclosed locations; they must have gotten themselves involved in illegal deals.  He kept his opinion to himself. But one thing troubled his mind, the last time he spoke to his sister a couple of weeks back, she informed him over the phone that Snofield just offered her a fantastic job in a securities firm. What could possibly have gone wrong for her to have relocated with her entire family without even informing him? Am sure Snofield is hiding something, he thought.


Joe had been sitting for twenty minutes at the office of the Irish Embassy in Pretoria waiting his turn to be screened by the officials. The process took forty-five minutes. He looked at his watch, it was quarter past nine. He decided to take a walk around the metropolis and familiarize himself with the city. He had been walking for fifteen minutes when he came across a bookshop.

He strolled in and was welcomed with a beautiful smile from the female attendant. 

“Good morning, how may I help you sir” she asked courteously. 

“Good morning, I’ll like to buy literatures about the history, constitution and way of life of South Africans. Could you direct me to the shelve so I can make a selection?” he asked.

“Certainly sir, please follow me” she said. 

She stopped at a shelve with an array of books centered around South African history, politics and government, commerce, entertainment, culture and a whole lot more. 

“This shelve is rich with books on South Africa. You may take your time to sift through” she said. 

“Thank you” he replied and began picking books and glancing through. He came across a book which attracted his attention titled ‘How to Market your Craft in South Africa’. He glanced through the table of content page and was fascinated with the outline so decided a copy was going home with him. He picked another book on the country’s constitution and politics and a third on the history of the people of SA. With the three books in hand, he walked to the counter, paid for them and thanked the nice attendant. He walked into the coffee shop on the next street, placed his order and began reading the marketing book he just bought.







CHAPTER TEN


Joe found the marketing book richly endowed with knowledge. By the time he left the cafeteria, he’d read sixty pages out of the two hundred and sixty-five pages. He couldn’t help reading further after dinner and was able to conclude reading at 1:30am. 

He thought deeply about what he just learnt and how he can apply this knowledge to his business plan. The six major points of emphasis were – (i) Having a fantastic brand and product/service (ii) Developing an attractive marketing kit (iii) Making use of a cost effective and reliable publicity tool (iv) Having a good pricing structure for his products/services (v) Having a target audience and (vi) Evaluating outcome and following up on clients and prospects. He kept ruminating on these till he quietly dozed off into slumber world. 


It’s been four months since their arrival in the South Coast of Africa. Charles and Jane have gotten accustomed to school life, Cassandra has settled into her role as a full time house wife and they have a more permanent accommodation.

Joe has succeeded in contracting a good deal with an agent who sources for clients for him on commission basis. Things were looking up. Positive remarks were coming from all quarters with regards to his services and expertise.

Already, he is forming a consortium with players in the Building and Construction Industry in Pretoria and he is gradually expanding his interest to Johannesburg. These days, he rarely spends much time at home with his family. Success comes with its price and time was a major price to pay. 

Good thing Cassandra wasn’t complaining. She has been very supportive as a wife and a mother. She’s a member of a philanthropic group which caters for children living with disabilities. Giving service to humanity is her own way of adding value to her ideals. 

She has a lot to be grateful for, her husband is doing well in business, her children have settled well in school, she has a fine home in a safe and beautiful neighborhood and her past mistakes are gradually fading away. Most importantly, she has renewed her relationship with her maker which gives her inner peace. However, all these positive outcome have not been sufficient enough to fill in the vacuum of being separated from her siblings. She miss them so much and the fact that she can’t even call to inform them about her where about upsets her sometimes. Although she feels grateful escaping her past, she worries about Snofield. 

What sort of poverty could have pushed Snofield into the heinous world of crime? All these years she’s known her brother, he has never exhibited any criminal tendencies, at least, not of this scale. He joined the band wagon, that’s what happened to him. A victim of peer pressure and detrimental illusions. 

He has sunk too deep into crime. What are his chances of breaking free? Who knows what other havoc he has wrecked? Has he ever pulled a trigger? Oh my GOD! Has Snofield ever killed someone? I don’t know what to do for him than to pray. These were her quiet painful thoughts.

Whenever she felt like this, she’ll glance at the depression management pills on her dressing table. They were prescribed by a doctor here in Pretoria after complaints of sleepless nights and mood swings. Joe took her to see a physician four weeks after their arrival when he noticed this pattern and the effect it was having on her and the family. He booked an appointment to see a doctor who took a case history of his wife and family background, examined her and recommended a lot of rest, exercise, balanced diet and anti-depressant pills. A re-examination was scheduled for three months time. 

She and Joe met the doctor again after three months, which was five days ago. She had improved satisfactorily. The doctor encouraged her to maintain her present health state. He then wrote some prescription and told her he’ll be taking her off the pills soon after he has certified her capable of functioning well without needing them. 

Joe had been thinking a lot lately, not about family matters, business was the peculiar topic in his daily routine. He never envisaged so much demand for his skills; his clientele list keeps expanding on a weekly basis. If you want to market your brand, your clients are the best driving tool. Over eighty percent of his new clients were gotten through referrals.

A happy and satisfied client will tell his friends and associates about your work and that’s how the good news spreads. More so, his price structure is very reasonable and customer friendly. Ever since he read that fabulous marketing book, Joe has discovered an insatiable desire for knowledge. He now invests a percentage of his earnings on books which are neatly placed in the shelves he constructed at home. He is gradually building a well equipped library. He likes perusing through books in the quiet of the night, getting more informed about his field and other topics of interest. At times he wanders why he didn’t think of this while in Ireland. Maybe he was scared of failing. His wife believed more in his abilities than he believed in himself. She saw potentials in him and made honest efforts to open his eyes to see his true worth. 

Cassandra my darling, you are indeed my backbone, he thought with a compassionate smile. In the last six months he’s done more than forty-five interior designs and construction for private homes, offices and schools. He already has two apprentices who have the basic skill about carpentry and are eager to learn. In addition, he has hired an accountant who works on a part time basis. He makes sure the books are in order and tax plus statutory charges are paid as at when due. 

Occasionally the children miss their friends back at home; they’ve made new friends in school and show eagerness to learn the different languages and culture. During family dinner, they share their experiences in class and how the other pupils enquire about Europe and Ireland in particular.  

*****

Grace and Hope Foundation was established twenty-five years ago by a couple Mr. and Mrs. Timsel with the sole aim of giving hope and support to children living with disabilities. The couple never had children of their own but had a passion for taking care of the helpless little angels who couldn’t fit into the rigorous standard society set.
 
These children needed special care and attention and a world they could fit into without feeling impaired or neglected. The foundation was set up to give them that sense of security every human being craves for. They started with forty-one children and five staff in a five bedroom apartment. Gradually, more people got to know about this noble cause so made financial and material donations. Some even volunteered their time to show solidarity. 

Presently they have a permanent structure; a three storey building equipped with a hospital, an administrative block, an orphanage and school. Cassandra signed up as a volunteer in the orphanage. Her first day was emotional though she tried hard to comport herself. She met six other volunteers who give ten hours a week of their time to attend to the emotional needs of the children. She also signed-up for ten hours. They shared their experiences with her and enumerated the joy of being with these innocent ones and the peace that comes with holding them, caring for them and imparting knowledge and a sense of belonging into them. After spending three weeks with these children, Cassandra understood the inner peace her fellow volunteers talked about. Her motherly instincts played out its nurturing role whenever she was in the orphanage. The children began responding to her loving disposition and began feeling a special likeness towards her.







CHAPTER ELEVEN


Steven resumed early to work on a busy Monday morning. A pile of case files were awaiting his urgent administrative attention. His clerical proficiency placed him on top of his career. He was head of the paralegal team in one of the top ten legal offices in Dublin. His aim is to become a lawyer in the near future. In order to achieve that, he’s been taking evening classes in the university in the last two years hoping to graduate with distinction as well as build a successful practice. He already has the background knowledge of the field and knows the intricacies of succeeding where others are failing. Steven placed his hand on the first file and began flipping through pages when suddenly his mind drifted to Cassandra his sister.

He’d been bothered by the news about her relocation without alerting any member of the family. It’s so unlike her to take drastic steps without carrying him along. She always sought his legal advice when embarking on a project, no matter how insignificant. When she was resigning from her former employment to join Snofield, she sought his opinion. What possibly went wrong? Snofield is acting plain on the surface. He’s hiding the facts. Where could Cassandra and her family be? I’ve tried all her links on social media but no response. I only hope she’s safe with Joe and the children, he thought.


Jayson had been giving karate classes since the last fifteen years. When he was fourteen, he won his first medal; a silver in the Junior World Championship. After high school, he got a scholarship to study Human Kinetics in college during which he represented his school and country – Ireland in quite a number of competition both local and international, ending with success stories. He clocked 45 three months ago with best wishes and congratulatory messages flowing in from his fans and former students. All these added to his self esteem and actualization. 

He was a fulfilled coach and fortunate to have a loving wife and two beautiful daughters. However busy his schedule was, he always made out time for his family. He places much value on family so takes family matters seriously which includes his extended family. When he learnt about Cassandra’s sudden relocation with her entire family without leaving any forwarding address, he became worried. He’d known Joe to be a rational fellow who weighed his options carefully before taking a decision which is sure to benefit all parties.

Why would he pack his family out of town without informing anyone? Is he in some kind of trouble he wouldn’t want to share with anyone? Does he have issues with the police or some gang? Perhaps am fretting unnecessarily. Snofield said we shouldn’t worry, we should give them time to settle down wherever they are, they’ll contact us when they’re ready and give their explanations. But they’re sure going to get a piece of my mind for putting me through stress, he thought.


Jack had just finished supper; he sat in front of the TV in his living room watching the News Station. The trending news was the current information regarding the robbery in Savida Bank.

He’d been following the story with keen interest because he owns a savings account with the bank. Though his money wasn’t tampered with, he was unnerved by the incident. It took a lot of crisis management measures on the part of the bank’s board and management to restore confidence.

The bank’s market share price has stabled after days of free fall. It’s gradually picking up with much support from the country’s apex bank and other financial institutions. The government is putting in all effort to clamp down on the culprits and recover the stolen items. 

“I hope they catch those greedy, lazy thieves soon” he muttered. Suddenly, his mind deviated from the news to his favorite sister, Cassandra. He’d been worried over the news of her sudden relocation without carrying any member of the family along. How could she dispose all her furniture with her husband and elope with the children to an unknown destination without informing even Snofield? I know Joe is capable of looking after his family but that was a wrong move. He can’t just cut her off from her family, this is a close knit family and we stick together. Anyway, Snofield said he’ll let us know when she gets in touch. I sincerely hope they’re not in any trouble with the law. I trust Cassandra, she’s a security professional and knows the law and would uphold it. Joe is a decent fellow too, I think am getting myself unnecessarily worked up, he thought. 

*****

It has been one year and three months since they moved into South Africa. Cassandra sat in their bedroom staring at the calendar. “How time flies” she said. Joe was right about choosing this place as a new home, the aura here is positive and embracing, she thought. Notwithstanding, she still feels the huge vacuum in her heart which is as a result of being separated from her siblings. They must all be worried sick about our where about. How relieving it would be to see them again, she thought. 

Her eyes shifted to the wall clock, it was quarter to two, the school bus will soon arrive with Charles and Jane. She got up to head for the kitchen and prepare lunch. She had taken only five steps when she suddenly felt dizzy, the whole room seemed to be spinning around her, she tried hard to maintain balance but her legs felt feeble, her heartbeat increased pace and she felt a painful twitch around her chest, her breathing became hard and suffocating. It suddenly dawned on her that she was having a heart attack and there was no one in the house to help.

She knew if she gave in she would probably be dead in the next thirty minutes, her only chance of survival is calling for help. Her cell phone was on the bed and it’ll take her four steps to reach. All she could think of were her children, they’re too young to loose their mummy.  

NOOO!!! Her mind screamed, I can’t die like this, not today. If I can only get to that phone, I’ll live, I have to live, LORD please help me; I want to live. She was already on her knees, jerking in excruciating pain, refusing to faint. Any slight move increased the pain but she was determined to live.

She crawled and swallowed hard, trying desperately to suppress the pain and reach the phone. When her outstretched hand finally touched her cell phone, she could barely see clearly nor utter a word. She pressed a button and her husband’s number appeared, it rang on the other end. Joe picked it and answered “Hello honey.” 

He heard a faint voice saying “Help” and nothing more. Immediately he knew his wife was in danger. He snatched his key from his office table and ran like mad to his car and drove like his life depended on it. What kept ringing in his head was “Cass don’t leave me, Cass please hold on, don’t go.” By the time Joe rushed into the bedroom, his wife was lying on the floor, writhing in pain and gasping for breath.

“Oh no!” Joe exclaimed. He knelt down beside her, held her hand tight saying “Honey stay with me, am here now, we’re going to the hospital, you’ll be okay honey, stay with me.”

Cassandra opened her eyes wide and nodded, tears rolled down her cheeks. The sight of Joe answered her prayers, she will live, she knew she will live, Joe is here, she thought. 

Joe gently carried her in his strong arms and hurried down the stairs to his open car. He’d left the back seat door wide open before racing upstairs, making it easy to put Cassandra in. He ran to the driver’s seat, turned on the ignition and headed straight for the hospital which is two streets from their home. 

When he got to the emergency block, he ran in screaming “Help! My wife is having a heart attack!” Three nurses and a doctor quickly took charge of the situation. She was taken into a room where she was stabilized and prep for surgery. Joe was taken to the waiting room by another nurse who nicely told him his wife was going to be alright. 

At that moment, he realized the children will be home from school. He dialed the house number, his son picked the phone. He told him he and mummy went out and would be home by evening so he should fix something he and his sister can eat and watch TV. At that moment, Joe knew he needed to call someone, someone he could trust and tell about Cassandra and her state. Steven’s name came to his head. Good thing he has his number on his phone. He dialed it and a familiar voice answered “Hello, who am I speaking with?”

“It’s me Joe, I’ll need to see you, it’s urgent” he responded.

“Where have you all been? You got the rest of us worried sick. Are you alright?” he asked.

“No Steve, am not alright, Cass just had an heart attack, she’s in surgery. We are far away in South Africa. It’s a long story; I’ll tell you all about it when you get here. How soon can you make it?”

Steven was dumbfounded, he stammered with his words “I can process a visa right away and be on the next available flight. Send me the address. Oh my GOD, what on earth happened to you all, are you in some sort of danger?” he asked in panic.

“I’ll tell you everything when you arrive and please, don’t mention a word to Snofield, he’s the reason we’re here. I’ll forward the address to you. Let me know when you arrive. I’ll let you know when the surgery’s over, gotta go now.”

Steven felt like he’d been hit by a lorry. He put his phone down on the table, shook his head to clear his brain. “What do I do next?” he said. Quickly, he picked his phone, called the eldest in the family – Jack, narrated what he had just heard and the warning not to inform Snofield. Jack was shocked beyond words. He told Steven to quickly make arrangements and join Joe, he’ll arrange some money for the surgery and other exigencies. He’ll contact Jayson and inform him.

“This matter would be between the three of us, no other family member must know, at least not yet” Jack said.







CHAPTER TWELVE


It was a battle to save Cassandra’s life in the operating room. The chief resident who happened to be a heart surgeon performed the operation with four other specialists and nurses. The surgery lasted three hours after which she was moved to the observation room. All they could do next was wait till she opens her eyes. Joe wasn’t allowed into the room but he watched her through the glass wall on the corridor.

The doctor told him it was a good thing they were able to operate on her early. If she had waited another hour, she would probably have been dead because her heart was in bad condition but the surgery went well.

“Once she wakes up, we’ll monitor progress and within two weeks, she’ll be discharged to recuperate at home. She would be expected to come in at intervals for check-up. She’s a strong woman, I expect her to pull through” the doctor said.

“Thank you doctor so very much, please thank the rest of your team for saving my wife’s life. My family sincerely appreciates you all” said Joe.

“You’re welcome, do relax your mind, the worst is over” said the doctor as he patted Joe’s shoulder and walked to his office. 

Joe closed his eyes and amidst tears he said “Thank you LORD for saving Cass, for preventing my children from losing their mother and me from being a widower. Thank you LORD, thank you.”

Steven arrived at the airport in Pretoria twenty-six hours after receiving Joe’s call. He used his office influence to secure a quick visa at the South African Embassy in Dublin. He called Joe when his plane landed and chartered a cab to the hospital which is about thirty minutes drive according to Joe. When he got to St. Peters Hospital, Joe was standing, waiting at the entrance. Steven saw the peaceful look in his face, it was then his nerves relaxed, Cassandra made it, he thought. Quickly, he got out after paying the fare and hurried to Joe with his hand luggage. They embraced and the first words came from Joe “The surgery was successful, I left her room fifteen minutes ago, she’ll be glad seeing you.”

“Thank GOD” replied Steven “I was worried sick, now I feel relieved. Where are the children?”

“They’re at home watching TV. I told them I’ll be away for few hours that mummy needed rest so she’ll be in the hospital for about a week and they’ll visit her tomorrow after school” replied Joe.

“Good, I can’t wait to see them; I’ve missed them all this while. You said something about Snofield being responsible for your relocation. How’s Snofield involved in all these?” asked Steven. 

“Perhaps if I’d followed my instincts and the advice of a friend, we wouldn’t be in this predicament. I’ll tell you everything later. Let’s go see Cass.” 

He led the way as his brother-in-law followed after. They had to sanitize their hands before entering the room to avoid the spread of infection. Cassandra was half asleep when she heard Steven’s voice, she opened her eyes to see her cute brother bending over her with compassion in his eyes and a wide smile.

“You made it Cass, welcome back to life” he said.

“Oh Steve, you came, oh my goodness, is it really you or am I dreaming? Hold my hand let me feel you and know it’s not a dream.” They held hands and she felt warmth and strength in his hand. She wanted to say more but felt weak and drowsy though she managed a smile. A smile which came from her innermost being and gradually, her eyelids closed as she quietly dozed off. Her body was healing, she needed a lot of sleep, the medication was doing just that; making her sleep. Steven spent the next five minutes staring at his sister on that sick bed wandering what caused the heart attack.

At that moment, a nurse walked in, in a low voice she told them the patient needed to rest, they could visit again the following day. Joe moved closer to the bed, looked at his wife for five seconds then bent to kiss her forehead. The two men walked out to the parking lot, neither of them uttered a word, they were deep in thought. When they entered the car, Joe broke the silence “I’ll tell you the whole story after dinner, you must be hungry; you look it. I wouldn’t want to ruin your appetite. We’ll first get to the mall and buy some food stuff. There’s one close to the house.”

“You’re right” answered Steven. “I couldn’t eat anything in the plane, I was afraid I may throw-up. All I could think of was Cass on the operating table. Right now, am famished and my mind is yearning for answers. Serious matters should not be discussed on empty stomach, thanks for the consideration.”

“You’re welcome” replied Joe. 

The children were astonished to see their uncle Steve. They jumped on him in excitement and chatted on about their new school, their experience in ship on the sea and their new friends. They asked after their other uncles, aunts and cousins in Ireland. Steven cheerfully answered all their enquiries, rejoicing in the fact that his niece and nephew were alright. Joe prepared dinner while Steven kept busy enjoying the children’s company and many stories about South Africa. The most fascinating was the wildlife park and the museum. 

Dinner was served and they ate hungrily. Joe was a good cook, no wonder the plates were empty within minutes with no left-over. The adults digested it with a glass of wine while the children drank juice.

“I must congratulate you, this is a nice place” said Steven. “It appears you found a niche for yourself in this country. Did you find a suitable job easily?”

“No, am on my own. I own my interior decoration company and I have two staff and an accountant who keep our books in order” replied Joe.

“Your skills are really working for you here, am happy for you” said Steven.

‘Thanks to the authors of the books I’ve been reading, I owe my success to them. Charles, Jane, go to your room and finish your homework, your uncle and I have some matters to discuss” said Joe.

“See you later Uncle Steve” the children said as they obeyed their father.

“I’ll check on you soon champs” responded Steven.

“Let’s go outside for some nice fresh air, it’ll ease the conversation” said Joe. The clock ticked 7:30pm. Steven sat in the chair on the verandah while Joe preferred to stand. He cleared his throat, then began “About two years ago, Snofield showed up in my house looking all dressed up in expensive apparel, driving the latest model sports car. I was puzzled; I asked questions but didn’t get satisfactory answers. Cass was overwhelmed seeing her brother looking like someone who just won a jackpot. She was carried away by the pleasure of his new found riches. He took her out for a concert the following day, threw her off balance with high taste and VIP treatment then offered her a plump job in a securities outfit he manages for Ray. Do you know Ray?” Joe asked.

“No, I’ve not met him but I’ve heard stories about him. His business interests here and there. Nothing illegal though. Please continue” said Steven.

“Hmmm!” Joe heaved, then continued. “He told her she’ll earn five times more than she was earning plus bonus. She’ll also get to travel round the world on official trips with all expense paid. He told her she would be trained in the use of hi-tech security gadgets like those used in banks and she’ll get to train subordinates under her on practical securities since she has years of experience. She was going to be head of operations. My wife was carried away by the offer. She resumed two weeks later. On her first day, I was having lunch with a close pal and I asked him if he’s seen Snofield recently, the response I got shook me hard. He told me he heard Snofield was working for Ray and said Ray was dangerous and deep. His cousin who got on the wrong side of Ray had to flee to the Bahamas under false identity. I panicked, he advised me to find out the nature of Cassandra’s job and get her out of there if I have doubts. When she came home that evening, she was so excited about her job. She had an office to herself and the window overlooked river Daniela. She kept saying positive things about her job and the workforce. I didn’t have the courage to tell her my doubts. Instead, I told her to keep me informed of her activities there and not keep secrets from me. She promised to.
 
Barely three months later, the worst thing happened. I want you to braze up for what am about to tell you now” Joe paused to take in a deep breath. “Snofield isn’t running a securities firm for Ray. It’s a cover; they’re into sophisticated bank robbery. They carried out the robbery at Savida Bank using Cass’s background knowledge on bank security. He used her and paid her to keep silent. That’s why we fled.”

Steven jolted from his seat like he was struck by electric current. His legs felt like jelly, his whole body began trembling, his tongue stuck to his mouth, he tried to say something but his brain was spinning in every direction. All he could hear was Joe’s voice telling him to calm down. It took thirty seconds before he could make sense of what he just heard.

“Are you saying Snofield and Cassandra are neck deep involved in Savida Bank robbery? It can’t be possible, they’ve never had any criminal record nor tendencies. Joe are you making up a story to justify your sudden relocation?  Come on man, don’t be pulling my legs, stop this bullshit and tell me what really happened to Cass” said Steven.

“I understand your feelings and reaction Steve, when Cass first told me, I didn’t believe her until she looked me in the eye and said she was in real deep shit. That was when I realized it was real.”

Steven panicked, he held his chest, his heart was beating too fast. “Oh no! This can’t be happening, what have you done Snofield, what have you done? What could have possibly pushed you into this and made you drag Cassandra along?” He looked at Joe and said “But Snofield sounded innocent and truly concerned when he told me about your sudden relocation. He thought Cass told me your present address. From what you’ve told me, he has definitely joined the notorious underworld gang. He’s no longer the brother I used to know, he has been initiated” said Steven.  







CHAPTER THIRTEEN


Cassandra’s response to treatment was impressive. Her body was healing faster than the doctors predicted. For the mere fact that Steven travelled all the way from Ireland helped speed up the recovery process. She also spoke on phone with Jack and Jayson who encouraged her to get well soon. How happy she was and relieved to feel the backup from her siblings.

Tomorrow will make twelve days since she has been admitted in this hospital. She would be discharged tomorrow. Joe and the children have been all over her, showering her with love and care. It’s so beautiful to have your family as support in your hour of need. It’s like cold water in the desert. She would never forget this hospital and the team that saved her life. At first, she thought her time was up but GOD had other plans for her. “Am one fortunate woman” she said to herself.

Steven spent a week in South Africa. When his plane landed in Dublin Airport, he took a cab straight to Jack’s place. He met Jayson with Jack at the front yard. They had been expecting him. While he was in South Africa, he told them Snofield had betrayed the family, he couldn’t discuss the details on phone but he will be back on Wednesday evening to give them the full story. They were eager to hear the details after he settled in the sofa in Jack’s living room. He took his time to narrate everything just the way Joe told him including Cassandra’s current health condition which was an improvement compared with the first day he saw her lying weak and drained in the intensive care unit. 

When he finished, Jack kept shaking his head in disbelief, he expected the worst but not this scale. The look in Jayson’s eyes was like a fiery furnace. He kept clenching his fist to control the anger and rage swelling up within him. In a husk voice he said to Jack “Call Snofield and tell him you want to see him now. Sound as normal as you possibly can; I know it’s difficult but you have to do it. He’ll come and meet us here.”

“That was just what I was thinking too” added Steven. 

With the little energy he could muster, he stood up with staggering movement, picked his phone and dialed the number. It was picked on the other end “Hi Snofield, how’re you? Have you heard anything from your sister yet? Okay. Okay, could you come over to my place I’ll like to see you this evening; I’ll be expecting you, bye.”

Steven patted his big brother’s shoulder, he didn’t have the right words but he knew the pat would ease some strain. The moment was tense; everybody kept quiet, awaiting Snofield’s arrival and imagining what they’ll do to him.

Thirty-five minutes later, they heard his car outside, Jayson stood up to open the door. When Snofield knocked, he was surprised to see Jayson who opened the door wide for him. He stepped in, saw Jack and Steven seated, staring at him with piercing cold eyes. Jayson intentionally stood at the door, no one was leaving the room. Snofield felt cornered. 

He glanced at Jack and asked “Is everything alright?”

Jack stood up and walked towards him “I should be asking you that. First of all, I want you to know that we know what you did at Savida Bank with your bunch of scoundrels, you even had the guts to involve your sister in this dirty, shameful act causing her to flee her home with her entire family and landing her in the hospital with a heart attack! How dare you!” Jack shouted and punched Snofield right across the cheek. Snofield fell side-ways. 

“Get up!” shouted Jack, “I’ve just started with you.” Snofield tasted blood in his mouth but the pain didn’t distract him from recalling Jack’s last statement about Cassandra having a heart attack, he asked “Where’s Cass? What happened to her?”

Those questions infuriated Jayson that he left the doorpost, slammed at Snofield and began punching him like a sack and cursing him for soiling the family name, putting Cassandra in harm’s way and lying to everyone of them. It took the frantic efforts of Jack and Steven to pull Jayson off him. Snofield simply passed out from the effect of the blows. Jack got a bowl of water from the kitchen and poured it on his face. He woke up groaning in pain.

“What happened to Cass?” he kept asking. Jack volunteered to brief him on her state of health and how she collapsed but he did not disclose her location.

“Oh no!” cried Snofield. “I didn’t mean her harm, I was only trying to lift her financial position, I never planned to hurt her. Yes we stole, am a thief, I admit it, but desperate situation drove me to crime. I had to survive in a tough world and that’s what I did.”

Jayson responded “You greedy bastard, boxes of gold worth millions of Euro were stolen, that is not survival, that’s optimum greed. You have eight siblings, couldn’t you have sort help? We would have assisted you in getting a job. Why Snofield? Why did you follow the fast lane! Don’t you know there’ll be repercussions? You’ve already implicated Cass. Imagine two siblings involved in such crime, invariably it will be concluded that the rest of the family are accomplices. I have lived a decent life and have never had criminal charges leveled against me. None of your other siblings have criminal records. We all earn our income through legitimate means. How come you turned out to be the black sheep in the family? Answer me!” shouted Jayson.

Snofield couldn’t utter a word, he was groaning in pain; pain from the blows and knowledge of his sister’s sufferings. Steven looked at his brother and all his anger melted away. He felt deep emotion for him, he is a wanted man and the county has placed a reward on his head. More so, he’s lost face in the family. The price to pay to live big through crime; is it worth it? Definitely NO! 

The life of crime is no life. Stolen money tastes like honey in the mouth but sooner or later, it will feel like a mouth full of sand. He remembered reading that part in the book of Proverbs during his devotion. 

He squatted beside Snofiled and said “Do you know the implication of what you’ve done to yourself? You’re a wanted man. Do you even listen to the News at all? I don’t know you anymore, I don’t even understand you. You committed such heinous crime and go about your business like nothing happened. This is my thought, you’ve been initiated; you’ve sold your conscience for money. But one thought troubles me, I’ve known you to love Cass dearly, why would you lure her into this path of damnation? 

You knew her moral principles, why would you do this to her? She trusted you; that’s why she resigned from her former employment. You shouldn’t have gotten Cass involved in all this, you betrayed her, you betrayed us all!”

At that instant, Snofield broke into a loud cry of agony, he cried like a child, beating his chest with his fist. It seemed a wave blew pass him and opened his ignorant mind to the destructive path he’s been treading. He wasn’t the sort of guy to be emotional, he was hard and tough. But it took the hurt of a sister he loved dearly and the joint efforts of his brothers to break him.

He was broken, utterly distraught. Jayson couldn’t bear seeing this pain any longer, he grabbed him in his strong arms to console him but he also was heavy with emotions so couldn’t hold back his tears. The other brothers joined in the embrace and they all wept bitterly. Blood, they say is thicker than water. One of them has gone astray, what can they do to save this lost sheep? How can they bring it back to the fold? This sheep has strayed into a camp full of wolves and bears. Can it be saved?    







CHAPTER FOURTEEN


Ray sat in his exquisite living room all alone with a deep sense of satisfaction. He had finally gotten what he’d always dreamt of; total control of the underworld within his territory. It’s been two years and three months since the bank raid, the loot made him stupendously rich thereby making the climb up a lot easier. But he had one problem; his closest rival named Blackheart, at least that’s what people call him and there’s a story to that name. Notwithstanding, Ray was more popular in the circle.

In the last few months, he’d been buying over people that matter to his side. He spent his loot like one who had a ship load of gold. He expanded his businesses, bought properties at choice locations and even donated handsomely to charity organizations with good press coverage to present to the public a good image as a philanthropist.

He even received recognition in the whole of Ireland and was given an honorable position. He won awards as one of the outstanding and successful entrepreneurs who give back to society. Ray was flourishing at the peak of his pyramid. A pyramid built on falsehood and theft. To him, he was well fortified to withstand any pressure however forceful it may be. He’s got money, lots of it and a lot of influence to turn the table in his favor. At a time, he even considered running for political office but he feared it may expose his underworld dealings. Instead, he decided to support his cronies who will push forward policies which would benefit his business interests. He needs the law on his side.

He got up, reached for his cell phone on the table and called his Real Estate Manager. Fernando Smith was handling property procurement for him, an estate worth almost a million Euros in Paris. He needed the estate; in fact he was desperate to have it.
 
*****

The office of the Revenue Commissioners had recently concluded the audit of their account for the year. In comparison with the previous year, they fell behind expectation. It was obvious certain organizations and individuals were defaulting in their civic responsibility by refusing to pay their tax. The next line of action is to investigate and get a list of defaulters and get the list published. 

After weeks of field work, gathering and analyzing data; the final list emerged. It was a surprise to find Ray’s name on top of the list. He was seen as a role model to the public yet he defaulted in his tax remittance. His chain of companies were found wanting. This was unacceptable, his activities and businesses must be investigated. The matter was reported to the law enforcement, together they will get to the root of this.


Ray was having dinner with his business partners when he received a mail addressed to him from the office of the Revenue Commissioners in Dublin. He panicked but quickly grinned because his guests were inquisitive about his sudden mood change.

He put the letter in his breast pocket and changed the subject to something hilarious to shift focus. After dinner, his guests said their goodbyes; he was alone in his living room. He put on his glasses, retrieved the letter from his pocket, tore open the envelope and read the content carefully. Heavy beads of sweat had formed on his forehead. His hands were trembling, his heartbeat increased and he suddenly felt fear overwhelm his body.

The Revenue Commissioners were the last people he’ll want to mess with. The letter stated that investigations have revealed that he as a person and his organizations numbering fifteen have defaulted in disclosing and remitting the required tax for some time thereby contravening the tax remittance law.

A team of auditors would be visiting his various organizations within the week. He is expected to co-operate with them and make available all his financial documents for audit. He panicked, in fact, he was terribly nervous. He picked his phone from the table, called his chief accountant and his solicitor and told them he’ll want to see them in his house immediately.

When they arrived, they studied the letter carefully and both concluded they’ll have to co-operate with the authorities. Holding back information can lead to jail term. This got Ray more worried, his illegal deals will be exposed and questions would be asked about his business operations and source of wealth. The truth will definitely send him to jail for a long time. The only solution he sees is fleeing.

*****

Inspector Garissa had nearly given up on the case when suddenly, a thick file was dropped on his desk. This came from the higher authorities. A certain individual by name Ray Thompson had been under investigation for two weeks now. Though the said person is at large, evidence shows that the individual and many businesses belonging to him have been deeply involved in money laundering activities.

Key members of his staff have been detained for interrogation and none of them is coming clean on the source of their funding. A letter came with the file instructing him to take over investigations and dig to find out if there’s a connection with the Savida Bank robbery.

Garissa’s interest intensified as he perused through the pages. He carefully absorbed the details and grinned. This is the link he’s been hoping for in over two years. He called his team over the phone for a meeting by noon, told his secretary to make copies then headed for the rest room.

The meeting lasted forty-five minutes. Everyone paid rapt attention. They were getting a lead into a case they’ve spent long hours working on. These details could unravel the mystery surrounding the robbery. They were eager to go to the field; everyone was given a task and off they went to bring back results.

*****

Ray had been hiding in France for three weeks and two days. There was a manhunt for him. It all seemed like a nightmare. A month ago, he was living like a king, today; he’s a wanted man on the run. His dark life would be brought to the open in a matter of time. He can’t afford to call anyone; their phones may have been tapped. He’ll have to stay in France for as long as possible. His personal and various business bank accounts have been frozen; he’s practically broke. All he has at hand is about 5,000 Euros. How long will that last? He thought in desperation.
 





CHAPTER FIFTEEN


Blackheart stood watching the News update in his penthouse. The News these days have been about his rival – Ray and his many businesses involved in money laundering. More and more information keeps coming up about his nefarious activities and he is nowhere to be found to defend his name and activities. He’s been in hiding for almost five weeks now. Nobody knows his where about except for one person who has been following his moves and businesses for some years. Blackheart knew Ray carried out the bank robbery and how the loot were exchanged for cash and how the cash were disbursed to various offshore accounts and how the money got laundered back into Ireland and distributed to Ray’s different business interests.

He has the facts on paper and kept them for the time being until when he’ll use them to his advantage. His hatred began when Ray took what he felt was his right to have and he plans getting it back through any means at his disposal. Tomorrow, he’ll disclose the story behind the robbery to the law enforcement through an anonymous letter with facts they can investigate. After two weeks, he’ll disclose Ray’s location. It’s time he’ll face his music, Blackheart thought with a grin.

*****

Inspector Garissa sat in his office brooding over the reports sent in by members of his team. It was obvious the suspect – Ray is involved in money laundering activities but there’s no evidence linking him with Savida Bank robbery case. He was deep in thought when an officer walked in with an open envelop. 

The officer said “Good day sir, this letter was typed by an anonymous and wasn’t addressed to any particular person but was captioned ‘Ray’s Dark Secrets.’ The contents are mind boggling so I brought it directly to you sir.”

Garissa quickly read through the content and couldn’t help shaking his head in utter shock and surprise that what had taken him and his team over two years yet without any breakthrough just landed seamlessly in his hands on a wet Thursday afternoon.

He gave the officer a sharp look and asked “How did you get this?”

The officer replied “It was lying on the entrance floor sir.”

Quickly, Garissa stood up, gave instructions to his secretary to call his team for an urgent meeting in his office.  Then he headed straight for his superior’s office to report this latest development and mobilize a team to investigate the links stated in the letter. The letter gave a detailed background of how Savida Bank robbery was organized and carried out by Ray’s men, how the loot was conveyed, the buyers, the payment process and how they were laundered into Ray’s various companies and personal use.

Garissa kept muttering to himself as he hurried to the chief’s office saying “We need to act fast and get all the evidence we can. Who could have supplied this information? Why is he or she not coming forward for the reward? I guess the individual is scared of being identified. Albeit, I owe the person a big thank you.”

*****


Ray woke up in the middle of the night sweating profusely. He had a bad dream, he was drowning in the middle of the sea, someone in a boat was trying to rescue him but the wave kept pushing him further away. He woke up with a jolt and sudden panic. This was the fourth night he’s been having this same dream. It’s like his intuitive mind is trying to warn him about an impending danger. 

He got up, walked to the kitchen to get a glass of water when he heard a loud bang on the door with a shout “Open the door this is the police!” 

The glass he held fell to the ground with a crash. The police wasted no time, they kicked the door open and about eight armed police officers entered his apartment, searched the area, handcuffed him and read out his rights. He was put in a police vehicle and off to Ireland to face the many charges leveled against him. 


It’s been thirty minutes since the arrival of Ray at the police headquarters. He was taken to a cell to cool his heels before interrogation. The Mayor had already called for a press briefing for 7:00am. 

When it was fifteen minutes to the time, the conference room was filled with reporters from various News Agencies. At 7:00am, the Mayor walked in with the chief of police and two cabinet members. His early morning speech was direct and overwhelming.

“Dear citizens of Ireland, I am delighted to inform you this morning that our seasoned, effective and professional police department has been successful in arresting Ray Thompson, the mastermind behind the Savida Bank robbery among other crimes. He is currently in our custody under tight security. In the early hours of this morning, he was arrested in his hideout in France. Investigations are ongoing, evidences are being gathered and witnesses are now coming forward to testify against him in court. 

Already, efforts are being made to recover the assets purchased with the proceeds of their loot since the gold has exchanged hands for money. We will keep you updated on the investigations as other arrests are being made. Any questions?”

Hands were raised and one after the other questions were asked and responses given by the Mayor, chief of police and the two cabinet members. Twenty minutes later, the press briefing was over.

Snofield was watching the TV when the program was interrupted to air the press briefing given by the Mayor. He was alarmed and aghast to hear that Ray had been arrested in connection with Savida Bank robbery. He wasn’t in Ireland, he was in London. He fled to London some weeks ago when Ray’s companies were being investigated for tax evasion. Now the truth about their activities and source of finance has been exposed. His name will be flagged and the Interpol will be on a manhunt for him.

He jumped from the seat with a rush, packed his stuffs and cash and ran out to his car. He was driving in panic and wasn’t concentrating. His mind was busy thinking of where to go and how to get there. His mind was off the road; he wasn’t thinking straight neither did he see the traffic red light telling him to stop. He kept moving with speed he could barely control. A heavy duty truck was coming in the opposite direction. It was too late to swerve the car or stop the vehicle. There was horror in his face, he had only five seconds to live; all he could do was scream “Nooooooo!!!” as his car smashed into the truck with a loud rupturing blast.

At that same time, someone else was screaming “Nooooooo!!!” 

It was a female voice which echoed loud in the room. Sally rushed to her bed, “Fimi wake up, wake up, you’ve been dreaming.”

Fimi opened her eyes to see Sally shaking her in a strange room. “Where am I?” she asked.

“You’re in prison girl, have you forgotten? You were having a nap. Anyway, time to get down; the bell will soon go off for dinner.”

Fimi sat up, shook her head and said “I had one of the most bizarre dreams in my life. This place gives me goose pimples.”

Sally replied her “Shake it off girl, save your energy for the Tigress Gang. Now get down and wash your face, you need to give a tough impression.”

Fimi got down and did as Sally advised. Who knows what is up against her out there, she thought and heaved.


THE END



Thank you for taking the time to read my novel. If you enjoyed it I would love to see your comments. Kindly leave your review at your favorite retailer and watch out for the next series.

Thank you
	
Bolanle Ogundiran



About the author:

Bolanle Ogundiran is a Public Relations Professional. She lives in Lagos, Nigeria and this is her second book. You can connect with her on 

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/bolanle.ogundiran

Email: btogundiran@gmail.com

















