




Walking with Mr. Smith








Brandon Enns











Copyright © 2019 Brandon Enns 
Registered with Writer’s Guild of Canada 2019 
All rights reserved. 
Published by Brandon Enns 2019.

No parts of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of the copyright owner. This book is sold subject to the condition that it shall not, by way of trade or otherwise, be lent, resold, hired out, or otherwise circulated without the publisher’s prior consent in any form of binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without a similar condition, including this condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser. Under no circumstances may any part of this book be photocopied for resale. 

This is a work of fiction. Any similarity between the characters and situations within its pages and places or persons, living or dead, is unintentional and coincidental. 

Cover design by Ebooklaunch.com












For the foolish artist who has the audacity to carry on.

Fury
Past



Home. I sorely missed it as I was about to die. My legs had failed me, the toxicity in my guts had spread, while my dizziness dispersed amongst the white flurry of snowfall. I was no longer cold. God’s fury had provided us with enough cold over the past three days.
My will had disintegrated somewhere in the howling wind and the elements had truly defeated me. The drive inside was gone; a mere candle flickering in the wind for some time, now extinguished. I did not wish to think of my fiancé’s current state as I stared ahead into the abyss. She lay there unmoving, her arms blanketed by snow. Rather, I thought of her with red in her cheeks, her smile kind and wide, her fingertips unknowingly touching the necklace on her lavender-scented chest.
Somewhere out there, in the knowing universe, we were older; we were happy with our lives. But now, in the vast land that had swallowed us whole, we were dying. Had I deserved such a fate? How could she have been dealt this gruesome hand? She was an angel. She was my angel.
What does one do as they are immobilized and waiting for death? I wiggled my toes, and then stared at my fingers moving rigidly inside my gloves. I lifted my head up high, and squinted through the thick snowfall as I had several times before, only to find an abundance of spruce trees along the outskirts. There was no cliff. There was no Jeep. There was no hope.   



























Writer’s Block
Present




Who was it that said that bit about bleeding on your typewriter? Was it Hemingway, or was it Faulkner? Or maybe it was Orwell? What a deeply profound, if not grandiose, thing to say. I had cut myself shaving that morning. I hoped that would suffice, as all I had accomplished over the past twenty-four hours was sitting at my typewriter whilst thinking of what I wished to eat next, though I wasn’t overly hungry, nor did I have the time or energy to go out and grab a bite. To my disappointment, droplets of blood did not form on my forehead. I had made no proper sacrifice to Hemingway’s spirit.
My personal assistant had his own personal matters to attend to; leaving me hopeless with a looming deadline that had seemed to take on some kind of human form. It was no longer this enormous task that had to be completed; it was some asshole mocking me. I preferred to picture this person as a male, sunglasses on (though it’s not sunny out), hair product sweeping his hair stiffly to one side, plaid suit, and he’s had enough of the traffic, putting his car in park, slamming his head into the back of his head rest three times. He would proceed to honk intermittently as everyone sat at a standstill along with him. I would be in the car in front of him, sipping my cold coffee, attempting to consolidate all scattered plot details and scene imagery in my foggy mind’s eye. The next book. The final book. As much as I desired it to be something I could label finished, I knew there was no such thing. The torment was constant. Something existed in my frontal lobe. It wouldn’t let me let go. One belonging to the arts may believe this is due to a writer’s soul being incapable of rest as long as they are of sound enough mind to tell a story or express an idea or emotion; however, this was not the case. I was out of money. It had just so happened that writing a bestseller ten years ago wasn’t enough to keep the grocery bills and mortgage covered, not to mention my personal assistant’s modest salary. It seemed the title of “assistant” was now better suited as “butler.” He would clean the house, cook my meals, look after the yard in the summers, and also read my rough work and provide me with what he called “simpleton insights.” I found those said insights rather helpful. Often, it took me some reminding as to whom it was I was writing for. Why, myself of course. Who else? Only joking. I wrote for the small masses that would buy my book, not the literary snobs waiting to chew me up. Plain, uncolored language and what readers often liked to call “page-turners.” 
It was good for me. It stripped away the anxiety and left me with a job to do, as opposed to a philosophical journey involving an enigma of the human condition that was layered in an expressive and inspired styling that satisfied my hungry, highly intellectual readers. Plot-focused action was what I needed now. That, and an everything bagel with cream cheese and a cup of coffee. Goddammit, I missed my butler, Jeffrey, already. He always knew how to bring me a bagel just as I liked it. But I didn’t deserve to eat. I could eat when I put 2,000 words down on paper. Jeffrey liked to poke fun that I still used a typewriter instead of my Mac laptop (can’t bleed on a Mac—could result in sticky keys) that had only been used for the occasional MLB browse and a couple other “accidental” searches. But I hadn’t used the Mac in a while. I felt particularly bogged down for reasons unknown. I was often in need of that ten-minute nap to clear out the dense fog.
What to write about? Maybe a struggling writer? Yeah, I could go that direction. And while I was at it, I could buy a gun and two bullets.
I had found luck in the past with writing what came to me organically, what felt somewhat true to me, avoiding the usual fussiness that comes with developing a sturdy outline. But my truth now, approaching seventy, was rather bleak and didn’t exactly shout out action-packed, page-turning fun. What my truth said was loneliness. Aging body, aging mind, and reflecting on what I didn’t wish to reflect on: a life that got away on me. What a cliché it was, but it was true. Life is unforgiving. Time has unbendable laws. It moves at a constant, and yet my perception, along with many others’, was that it moved increasingly faster as I aged. Where did the time go? At least in many cases, there was something concrete to hang on to. A child, for example. They say there is no connection more powerful than caring for a child. Remember when Timmy was only five the first time we took him to Disney? He shit on the teacup ride, you remember that? Self-importance doesn’t leave the same kind of mental landmarks or imprints. The memories are easily fleeting.
I stared at my pea-soup-green Olivetti with disdain. The keys were waiting to pop fluidly, excitedly, inspiration to paper, riveting stuff, all that jazz. But I hated it too much to type one word. I hated my distracted mind too much to let one thought lead me to the next one. I figured some herb-and-garlic cream cheese would be a nice change of pace. I always requested regular. Perhaps I was sick of regular? Maybe that was the problem. Make a few changes and be rewarded with brilliance. Yes. Brilliance would come. 
My spine curved and ached against the padded seat of my roller chair. The hell with it, I thought. I cracked my knuckles, and instead of punching keys just for the fun of it, I stood. I made my bed. I tucked the sheets in firmly. It was a crisp job that deserved a reward in addition to the bagel I would soon get. I walked over to the banister past the foot of my bed and leaned over the rail. I ran my hands over the cool, smooth texture. How and when did such prominent wrinkles take shape on my ugly mitts? If I were to look in a mirror, that may have been the end of me.
I stared out the window in line with my loft bedroom, and there was no snow falling. The sky was gray, like my mind. Outside was still. My lonely spruce tree at the end of the driveway stood erect and proud, still full of life, showing no troubles with braving the Icelandic cold. South of Tourin Lake, I was away from the tourism and able to stew in quiet, the way a proper writer deserves. The sun was nearly gone. I had truly wasted away the day. My stomach began to grumble, and I felt a strange fear resonate in my chest, and it stirred. It passed the moment I decided to go outside and shovel the driveway. 
The cold air was refreshing, as I had been cooped up inside for far too long. The snow was sticky, but thankfully, it was thinly layered and put no stress on my weathered back. My breath increased by the end of the drive, and it felt wonderful. A weight had been lifted. I stepped up to the icy gravel road and looked down it each way. Night had fallen, and the stars illuminated the mountains in the distance. They were in my backyard, and yet I had not visited them in years. I wanted to. There was just too much to do first. After the first draft was finished, I’d go. 
I huffed in the air and blew it out slowly, watching the fog lift into the sky. I stared at my white house, the old cracks in the siding, the one shingle shifted upright, the birch tree out front covering the majority of it in the summers, the winding cement path that led around the backside to the garden. When I was working on a project, the house became Jeffrey’s and the guesthouse became mine. Discipline was the name of the game, and I was too comfortable in my own home.
I returned to my typewriter. It was still a miserable prick, but I hated it less. I smiled at it. I rested my fingers on the keys and closed my eyes. My New York Times bestseller from years ago (God bless its royalty-earning soul) was a piece of shit. But people liked it. What’s not to like about a schizophrenic cop working with an imaginary partner? Answer: There’s a lot not to like about it. I had been through it a thousand times, and I always dismissed the idea, only to return to it. A sequel would be ripe for the taking. A guaranteed paycheck. Shit. Don’t do it. 
I typed, “Don’t do it,” twice. On the third time, there was a knock at the door. It opened and closed. And footsteps came up to my loft. 
“What are you doing here?” asked Jeffrey. 
I smiled at the paper bag in his hand. “What do you mean? I’m working. I thought you were gone another day?”
“Right. I forgot. It’s good to see you at your desk,” he said. 
“Are you just going to stand there, or will you present your gift to me?”
Jeffrey tossed the bag over. 
I opened it to find two bagels: one plain, one everything. “Cream cheese?”
“Both regular.”
I frowned.
“What? That’s what you always want.”
“Yeah, but … A true assistant knows what his boss is feeling.”
“Care to guess what I’m feeling?”
“Now, now. No need to be so discordant. You need to put that anger in check, boyo.”
He chuckled. “Eat your damn bagels.”
“No coffee?”
“It’s nighttime.”
“Hasn’t stopped me before.”
“ ’Kay.”
I took a bite, and by God, it was delicious. I scarfed the first one down without pause. 
“I see you did the driveway. Anything else I can do for you, Mr. Smith?”
He never called me by my first name, Austin. I didn’t recall ever requesting the formality, but I liked it. No sense feeling any shame over that. “Yeah, just one other thing: Write the sequel to my glory-filled holy grail of a novel. That way, I don’t have to experience a lick of it.”
Jeffrey closed his eyes painstakingly. “You’re not on this again.”
“I need the money.”
“You’ll be fine. Let go of that. Write something you’re proud of.”
“ ‘Proud’ doesn’t keep you on staff.”
“Then fire me.”
“Camaraderie, Jeffrey. I need it as much as you do.”
“Unpaid intern will do the trick.”
“Like hell. Intern won’t be as motivated or savvy. Can’t bring me bagels like this. No way.”
“You’re a smug SOB as usual.”
I looked at my second bagel and then at my typewriter. I sighed. 
“What do you want to write about? If the money was a guarantee.”
“Breasts. I would write about breasts.”
“That’s unsettling.”
“I don’t know what to tell you, Jeffrey. If I had a good idea, I’d be frantically typing. But I’m in a loft in the country waiting for it to get dark outside each day.”
“You’ve never struggled painting a morose picture.”
I ripped off a piece of everything bagel and popped it in my mouth. I was full. I extended the bagel to Jeffrey, and he accepted it. 
“How old are you?”
“Watch yourself,” I said.
“Now is the time to use your worldly experience. Delve into your past.”
“The summation of my past equals one book, ten others, and a woman I can’t forget.”
“I’m aware.”
“I can’t write about that.”
“Why not?”
“I just can’t.”
“I’d like to speak candidly. Will you grant me that power?”
“It’s a free country. All speech is free now anyway. So I can’t guarantee I’ll value it.”
He took a second to gather his thoughts. He stared at me intently. There was an unmistakable sorrow that bruised his handsome face. His eyes appeared tired, and his face was sullen even when he smiled. “I think if you write about her, you’ll go outside more when you’re done. And if you go outside—you know, away from me—that’s a win. Maybe you’ll find something you like, other than groveling over that old piece of metal.”
“I don’t like my Mac. It’s glitchy.”
“You’re glitchy.”
I chuckled and felt sort of happy in the moment. I was sort of happy some of the time. “As easy as that, hey? Just write about her.”
“I’ll get you a pink diary with frilly ribbons on it. Would you like that, Mr. Smith?”
Jeffrey was a good man. I enjoyed him a great deal. He was right, and he was wrong. This would not sell. This would get lost in the abyss that was the romance genre. The fans who still remembered my success would arch an eyebrow and sneer. “An old fart trying to write something profound, as if his life was more important than anyone else’s, and others should be expected to spend their valuable time reading it.” Although … fans? What fans? Would they remember my name?
Jeffrey stared at me as if to read my thoughts with relative ease. “You like to forget about your little savings account we haven’t touched yet. You have time. Don’t make an emotional decision. Instead, write an emotional story.”
“ ‘Little’ being the operative word …,” I sighed. “Put my heart into it? Is that what you’re asking of me, Jeffrey?” I smiled sarcastically, and he remained serious. 
“That’s exactly what I want you to do. Almost as much as I want you to get out of this shack. You smell.”
I laughed, and in doing so, I actually smelled myself. He wasn’t wrong. I suppose it may have been over twenty-four hours since I last showered. “What’s out there? Where would you like me to go?”
“On a short hike with me. I know you know you should. I’ll look after packing everything.”
“Hike where?”
He looked at me like I was supposed to know the answer. I waited. 
“Your path.”
It had been so long. Long enough that I had nearly forgotten. “How’d you know about that?”
“You mumbled on about it when you had gotten into a fight with the bottle one night. Bottle won.”
“Clearly.”
“I know it’s something that is intimate, but—”
“It is. We’re not going there.”
“Then let’s go to a fucking barn dance in town. You can shake a leg.”
“You’re upset,” I countered
His face cleared, and he sighed. “You’ve isolated yourself. It can be dangerous.”
“That right? What do you know about it?”
“More than you might think.”
I couldn’t deny him that. He looked tense. Exhausted. I believe he was having troubles with his marriage, but he’d deflected the few times I had tried to bring up the subject.
“I’m not doing this for leisure enjoyment. If we go, we do it hard and fast. One night with a tent and heater. That’s it.”
“You think you’re in good enough shape for that?”
“I was going to ask you the very same,” I said.
He smirked and nodded. 
“And I’m supposed to find clarity underneath the aurora borealis that I’ve seen a thousand times? Then I’ll write my ass off, free of distraction?”
“That’s the plan.”
I stood and stepped over to the railing. I stared out the window. It was pitch black and quiet. The lamppost at the end of the drive shed light across the snowbanks. “Driveway looks good.”
“I’m going to get all of our gear packed and ready.” He went into my closet and retrieved a towel. He tossed it at me. “Shit, shower, and shave. You’ll be disgusting all over again in a couple days.”
“Did you finally grow a pair or what?”
“You’ve pushed me to the brink, Mr. Smith. I’ll say what I feel.”
“Good on you. Go on and get everything ready. I’ll wipe my own ass this time.”
Jeffrey left, and I sat at my typewriter once more. So what if it didn’t work? I’d die homeless on the streets? Would that really be so bad? I guess writing something I gave a shit about would be my last stand. Jeffrey could always write my sequel to earn a few bucks.
I glanced at the towel draped over my shoulder and headed for the bathroom.
   


Notebook
Present



I took one last look at my bed and my typewriter. I absorbed the image of my loft. The bed was well-made with a blue fleece blanket folded into a square at the foot. I burned the visual into the back of my mind. I stepped outside and breathed in refreshing, gelid air. Jeffrey’s Jeep was parked in the driveway, hatch open, back loaded with sleeping bags, tent, portable grill, etc. I walked up the two stone steps and stared at a welcome mat that didn’t belong to me. It must have been one of Jeffrey’s homey touches. I placed my hand on the doorknob but chose to ring the doorbell instead. Jeffrey hollered for me to enter, and so I did. There were backpacks in the entrance, and I could hear him rummaging around in the kitchen. I did a double-take at the backpacks. He had found my old heavy-duty camouflage army-grade pack from years ago. It had been one of those things you misplace, never to find again. It had belonged to my father.
“Where’d you find my bag? Under the couch?”
Jeffrey’s laugh trickled down the hall and around the corner. “Buried in basement storage. It was folded up and packed in your old luggage set.”
“I wish I would have found it sooner.”
“You’ve got it now. It’s got plenty more miles on it, as long as you do.”
“Are you insinuating that I’m not in well enough shape for this little trek you call a hike?”
“Hey, you went there, not me.”
“Do you need a hand with anything else?”
“No.” He peeked around the corner with a couple cans of soup and beans in his hands. 
“I hope you got something better than Campbell’s tomato.”
“The Campbell’s deserves better than the likes of you running their family name through the mud … Don’t worry, I packed us leftover homemade burgers and a couple salads. The kind you like. They aren’t technically salads.”
Jeffrey was a good man. I was lucky to have him. Of course, I’d never tell him that. His head might burst. 
“How long has it been, Jeffrey?”
“How long has what been?”
“Since you’ve been in my corner.”
“As long as I can remember.”
“Why wait this long to make me go on this walk?”
“We’ve done this plenty of times,” he replied casually.
“Not this one.”
Jeffrey walked out with a backpack beer cooler presumably filled with food, water, and half-dozen beers. He set it down and looked at me for a moment. He shared his glance between me and the floor. “It was always yours. I didn’t belong. But it’s been long enough. You’re not going alone. I still need this job. Can’t have it if you’re dead.”
“That’s a mighty amount of faith you have in me.”
“Help me load this up.”
We filled the Jeep to the gills, and Jeffrey conducted a double-check of everything and locked up the house. It was still dark out, and we were moving down the road. It was an uplifting feeling, having to physically go do something at such an early hour. As secluded as I’d been, I still loved the quietness and the endless icy landscape that stretched in waves to the mountains that appeared unreachable.
Jeffrey tossed a notebook into my lap. I had never used them before—or not in a very long time anyway. It seemed familiar. I ran my hand over the black leather front. At first touch it seemed that it may be expensive, but it was light, and the paper inside was thin and slightly translucent.
“They were out of pink,” said smart-mouthed Jeffrey.
“You bought them out.”
Jeffrey’s glorious, raspy laugh filled the Jeep. The subtle wheeze at the tail end made me laugh.
As we drove, the rocks rattled underneath, and I remembered that I actually had to write about her. Attempting to picture her face made my stomach sink and my soul ache. I had held on to that awful feeling for so long. I couldn’t recall the time when I had begun to let go of it. It was challenging to remember what she looked like. I could only envision what I thought she should look like.
Jeffrey turned on the radio, a rock song played, and I tossed the notebook in the backseat. “You bring me coffee?”
“Right next to your hand in the cup holder.”
“Bagels?”
“You had bagels yesterday.”
“I like bagels.”
Jeffrey cranked up the volume and looked at me through the corner of his bright eye, his mouth turned up wryly. 
The radio didn’t last, and we sat in comfortable silence for quite some time. The sun began to rise with shades of pink.

***

Flint’s Bar was busier than it had been in quite some time. Royce’s feet ached from a busy weekend. She hadn’t slept a wink. There were some young tourists she had stayed up with drinking until four in the morning, and she had carried on without them.
Royce stared at the messy disgrace of a bar. Bottles, cups, a heaping sink in the back. It bothered her, but not enough to get her started. Where the hell was he? Some ownership, she thought. She was never left to the wolves like that, not on weekends. But she’d managed to get through it. Ozzy, the chef, had handled the kitchen all by himself. 
But Oz was at home sleeping, not returning until four. She had a shitload of cleaning to do and was dreading every minute. On top of that, she had deadlines with the local paper. 
The door opened with a bang, and she dropped a glass, but caught it. She turned to find one of the guys she had been drinking with into the early morning. It wasn’t the funny one. It was the dumb one. He was entertaining though. If she had been sober, she would have despised his presence. The drunk was wearing off, though, and exhaustion was settling in. 
“We’re closed.”
“Yeah, sorry …” He approached with a wide, toothy smile, his eyes trying desperately to roll back into his head.
“I was, uh, you know, wondering—”
“If we could get together before you guys head back home?”
His head weaved. It looked like a Mortal Kombat “Finish him!” moment. It was, really. “Didn’t your mom teach you not to pick up the bartender?”
“The bartender is hot.”
“The bartender is flattered.” She continued to wipe down the bar, hoping he’d take the hint and stagger back out onto the street.
“Come on. Let me buy you a drink.” He glanced at the staircase at the end of the hall around the corner. “You stay upstairs or what?”
“I’m sorry. I’ve just worked two days straight. I’ll have to kindly ask you to leave. But you’re welcome to come back tomorrow during business hours.”
He rounded the bar and stepped behind where she was standing. “Is that an invite?”
“We’re closed,” she said firmly this time. 
His wide smile disappeared. “So we’ve got some privacy then.”
He smirked, but it was no longer friendly. His stupid face waited for a response. He was having fun with the rejection. There was a resemblance of what she could only guess was a psychopath yet to be unleashed.
“ ‘Privacy’? No. What you’ve got is five seconds. What I’ve got is my hand six inches away from my 9 mm. What were you hoping to give me? Three inches? Or closer to nine millimeters?”
“Wouldn’t you like to find out?”
“No.”
He closed his eyes and shook his head. 
“Get out.”
“What was with all the friendly talk before then, huh?”
“Get the fuck out.” 
He did not have to be told again. He left the bar without looking back. She exhaled, moved her hand away from the gun, and walked over to the door and locked it.
Royce examined her messy bar. “Christ.”
She began to clean.










Beginning
Present



The bumps of rigid shocks woke me multiple times along the way, but my head fought for rest. My eyes opened as the brakes screeched. 
Southern Iceland was a beautiful wasteland. We sat parked and gazed upon the tundra below, past the ridge we were perched upon. The particular setting was suitable for a Jeep commercial. Jeffrey sipped his coffee and closed his eyes. He was tired again. I shouldn’t have slept. I hadn’t intended on doing so and felt bad because of it. 
“You sure?”
“About what?” I asked. 
“I can turn around. We could do Vik.”
“We’re not doing Vik.”
Vik in Myrdalur hosted many tours. It was beautiful, no doubt. Vik was the most southern town. Just east of the village, you’d find Europe’s biggest tern breeding ground. South of there were magnificent mountains that rose from the Atlantic. In the summers, the Americans went apeshit for the puffins.
“Golden Circle is more scenic than this. No shame in giving it a go.”
“We’re not doing this for scenery,” I said with a snappy edge. 
“What are we doing it for?”
“You tell me. You’re the one who dragged me out here.”
He sipped from his thermos. “Sorry. Was just double-checking.”
“I don’t need to cross paths with any goddamn tourists.”
“I know. I know.”
“Well, then you know. Ten hours. Let’s get crackin’.”
My backpack was light. He must have packed more in his as a kind gesture to the old man who he didn’t give enough credit to. I was already too hot with my down-filled coat, tuque, and snowmobile mitts. The sun was low and bright, waiting for us to approach it. Beside the Jeep was a perfect spot for us to rest and barbecue some smokies or homemade burgers when we returned the next day. 
I followed Jeffrey down the steep, icy trail that weaved in zigzags. A short distance later, the mouth opened up and we were level with the base of the mountains that sat in the vast distance. There were no volcanoes, no official conjoining of tectonic plates, no waterfalls—just openness that was no secret. It was no secret because there was nothing to keep for one’s self. There was nothing to see. Just a long walk in the cold. But it had been our walk, with no one to interrupt us. 
Our boots slid into the grooves of our snowshoes. They had spikes and were light—perfect for the mountainous terrain we would eventually reach. Jeffrey walked up to me with the notebook in his hand and a pen in the other. He clicked it three times, smiled, and crammed the book in my pack. “Shall we, Mr. Smith?”
“We shall.”
Each step I took, I was engrossed by the memory of her warmth. I turned back and gazed at the ridge where our Jeep was parked. The snow bank curled over the cliff and suspended over the brown rock without falling. She was there, the Jeep now gone, and she was alive and well.

***

Past

Her sleepy, frayed black hair curled around her face. Her hood was up, and her nose was red. “Remind me why we didn’t spend the money on Mexico?”
I gave her a peck on her cold lips. “I read somewhere that a couple’s first trip should be challenging.”
“You ‘read somewhere.’ Where are you frequently reading these things?”
“Cosmo.”
“As I suspected.”
Her smile created an ambition in me. I savored the little things because of her. She made it all worthwhile.
We had been dating for a year, and that was plenty enough to know, devoid of question. 
She sold insurance. I put words in rows in exchange for modest sums of money. We both hailed from Minnesota and had met at some banquet that my financial advisor had dragged me to for a free meal. “Nothing compares to a woman in a burgundy blazer,” she had said a few times.
“I really think we should have a guide,” she said.
“Nonsense. We know the cold well enough.”
“Sure. Maybe not where we’re going though? I think that might be important.”
We stared out at the open, flat land of ice and snow. There was a line of mountains in the distance. “That way,” I said.
“You’re so clever.”
We started our walk. The sky was gray. We trudged in silence as we took in our surroundings—or lack thereof. It was quiet. I liked the thought of us being ants from a distance. Specs on a blank canvas.
“Mexico is for spring breakers and bald men,” I said.
“And women with leathery, saggy breasts?”
“Exactly.”
“But us, we’re at the pinnacle?”
“Peak, baby.”
I extended my hand, and she took it. The crunch of our snowshoes was loud. The snow was compact enough that she didn’t have to strategically walk behind me. We walked side by side. There was nothing harsh about the day. We pulled our ski masks down and drank in the sun once it decided to come out. We discussed her job and the frustrations of prospecting; we discussed my next book that had been sent off to the editors. I had received a call the day before flying out to Iceland; my editor was cautiously optimistic.
We had already completed a tour of the Golden Circle, had seen the volcanoes, and were happy to spend the rest of our trip away from tour groups. Reykjavik was charming, and we both loved the restaurant scene, enough so that we accepted the cost of getting drunk there, instead of our hotel room. We had been told that the summers were supposedly beautiful, and I believed that entirely, given how much I enjoyed their winter. It was milder there than the average person might think. 
We had fallen silent at some point, and I daydreamed of her naked body. We had had sex the night before, and I was feeling replenished and craving more. She wore a necklace that her mother had given her, and she never removed it, even when we made love. I liked the way it looked on her with nothing else on.
The walk was already cumbersome, and we hadn’t made a dint on the openness. We turned at the same time, held hands again, and stared back at the path we had come from. In comparison to what remained, it appeared as though we could throw a rock and have it land hence from where we came. “That’s it, hey?”
“I guess so.”
“It’s not too late to call it,” she jabbed me in the ribs. She always did that.
“True. But I feel like there is something good for us on the other side of those mountains.”
“We better keep going then.”
The second reason for the vacation choice had been inspiration. I had heard writers talk about travel as some kind of godsend for their work, so I’d assumed Iceland would say more to me than a poolside trip. So far, nothing. I was hoping it would happen organically, that I could relax my mind, have much sex with my gorgeous girlfriend, drink and eat too much, and voila, get struck with a bolt of genius. Our lives would never be the same. We’d live in a castle. The end.
No bolt. My back was sweaty, and my legs were starting to burn. My ass was itchy. I told her. She didn’t offer to scratch it. I turned to her with a smile, and she pushed me into the snow and climbed on top. She straddled me and kissed me roughly. “How many hours did you estimate, Columbus?”
“Eight.”
“Eight fucking hours.” She gazed skyward, then at the mountains. “There better be a pot of gold on the other side.”
“What will you do with it?”
She raised her brow. “Marketing budget for your next book.”
“Seriously, though. What would you want?”
“That.”
We kissed again. She could do with me as she pleased. I would follow her to the end of the earth, and instead, she was following me to nowhere for two days.
She sat up on me and played the drums on my stomach. She stared up at the sky, and a large bird hovered above. It was a raven, I thought. “And you know, I’d probably not sell life insurance.” She laughed.
“What would you do?”
“Buy a zoo.” 
“Sleep with the animals under the stars?”
“Hell, yeah … I. Love. Elephants. I would ride my elephant every morning with a cup of coffee.”
“What’s his name?”
“Clint.”
“Clint the elephant.”
“Yup. Oh, I can just see it. The tiger, giraffe, Clint, some peacocks … Why’d you get me on this torturous track of thinking?”
“I’m sorry.”
“You should be.” She sighed, flipped her hood down, and brushed her tangled hair back. “Well, boss. Shall we?” She popped up with a grunt and extended her hand. She helped pull me to my feet, and I brushed off the snow from my pants. 
Before we began our trek again, “Hey …” I stopped and waited. “I really like it here.”
“Me too.”

***

Present

I was so lost in thought that I had forgotten we were even walking. Jeffrey’s pace must have lessened, as I wasn’t tired in the slightest. My old legs were fresh, and there was little discomfort in my decrepit knees. We were farther than I had anticipated. This fact provided me the fortitude to pick up pace. I sneaked up on Jeffrey, and began to pass. 
“Think you’re hot shit, hey?”
“Don’t have time to pick daisies with you.”
“You set the pace, old timer. I’ll gut through it.”
He looked at me with what I could only assume was admiration. It wasn’t pity—though, inversely, it had that effect on me. Was I that old? I didn’t feel that old. I stopped.
“Everything all right?”
“Walk beside me, Jeffrey.”
“Yes, sir.”
“How are things with the family?”
“Good.”
We walked some more.
“Kathrine still enjoying teaching?”
“I think so.”
More walking.
“What are your plans for Christmas?”
“Don’t know. Her folks might be coming in.”
I was very aware of the silence between words spoken.
“How’s your writing coming?”
“Landed a couple articles with the Herald,” he said without enthusiasm. 
“Oh yeah? What about?”
“Nothing of importance.”
“You should quit,” I said. 
“You’re probably right.”
“That, or quit being a defeated pessimist. Either option will be better than what you’re currently sporting.”
I was fishing for a smile, but I couldn’t generate one. Jeffrey’s face had turned even sourer. There were past troubles on the surface.
“Know of any techniques to get the creative juices flowing?”
“This isn’t doing it for you?”
“Is it supposed to?” I asked. 
“I don’t know.” He forced a smile that appeared painful. “I figured this would be good for you.”
“Not good for you though?”
Silence sunk in again, and we covered a lot of ground without conversation. When we started up again, it was baseball. The Twins sucked, as usual. We got onto hockey next. Conversation was lighter, and the jokes came along with it. It was good. So was he.

   





















Midnight Stroll



Royce walked down the barren street. The air was crisp, and the stars were out. She looked skyward for a moment, acknowledging their presence. The bar had been quiet, so she was able to do some of the bookkeeping. It seemed the task was falling on her plate more often than not. She didn’t mind. She liked having control over the bills and cash.
Her need for fresh air had led her to a place that didn't surprise her in the slightest. She sat on a bench outside of Landpitali Hospital. The white colonial façade was more inviting than any other hospital she had been to. Despite her medical history, she had enjoyed examining its beauty on more than one occasion. This time, however, she could not appreciate one detail of it. She was too nervous.
The migraines had been going on for two weeks. Nausea would come and go in waves. It was all too familiar. Having not hurled in the last twelve hours, Royce chose to light a cigarette. She inhaled two deep drags and leaned back on the bench. Her head calmed from a typhoon to choppy waters. The cool night helped.
Royce’s first diagnosis came down the pike when she was sixteen. She was oversupplied with love and support. It had all been too much for her. She was unable to digest her reality. Her mother and sister were always checking up on her, never giving her a second of privacy. But it would be different this time. Unfortunately, her mother was long gone, while her sister was in Los Angeles, leaving no hand for Royce to hold.
Reykjavik would take care of her. It would supply her with a clear mind and much-needed acceptance of the process that would unfold yet again.
She finished her cigarette, closed her eyes for five seconds, and opened them. The skyline was nice. She smiled. With her stomach still at ease, maybe she would have a pint when she returned to the bar? Yes, she most certainly would.  



















A Quarter of the Way
Present



My breath grew ragged, and I was desperately parched. Jeffrey handed me the water bottle, and I took two famished gulps and wiped my lips on my damp sleeve. My face was cold, and my body was hot. The days were short, and the sun was beginning its descent. I stared ahead as nothing seemed to change. I was begging for the size of the mountains to enlarge as we neared, but if anything, they seemed farther away. You look at something long enough, and you don’t notice drastic change. 
It seemed, however, that when I had looked at myself in the mirror before we’d left, I hadn’t recognized the old man staring back through the glass. My face was looser, duller, my eyes listless, hair thin; I had looked like I needed forty-eight hours of rest after the eight I had just received. 
I had become weary from the long travel, and that familiar ache under both kneecaps resonated. I was never much of an athlete per say, but I always kept myself in respectful shape, endurance-wise. My strength could be considered average among active people. I had weight-trained throughout my twenties and some of my thirties. The gym was a good place to escape the imprisonment that was writing, at times. Other times, it was like sailing on a large yacht with nothing but time and cocktails to drink. Liberty was a good feeling, but in association with writing it could be double-edged, like standing outside of a prison and desperately wanting to get inside without the key.
I became agitated by the sound of our feet crunching into the snow, so I turned my focus to Jeffrey. He appeared lost in thought, and I chose to leave him where he was. This wasn’t the time to interrupt, based on the sullen form his face had taken yet again. Jeffrey was a troubled soul; I had known that the moment I met him. Perhaps that was why I knew we would make an effective team. There was a hurt about him, and I believed (though maybe I was wrong) that his hurt held similarities to my own.
Jeffrey’s beard was thicker than I remembered. I noticed as he scratched at it, unimpressed with boredom and fatigue. Jeffrey was a brilliant writer in his own right, but had only been published twice and to no substantial avail in sales. His books didn’t succeed, but they were quite good in my opinion. His characters were unique, and both stories had a pulse at the center. They didn’t meander, and there was tenderness to his writing that did an exceedingly remarkable job at evoking emotion from the reader. I had chuckled three times, lost tears once, and smirked countless times. I had read his second novel in two sittings. I liked Jeffrey, always had, or I wouldn’t have hired him to begin with. But after reading his work, I had felt closer to him. I knew him. I understood his pain for loving such a thankless thing. “Thankless” was an optimistic choice of a word in place of “demonized.” Ridicule, mockery, derision … any of those would work just fine as well. Most people didn’t like artists; they didn’t like writers; and yet there were still some people out there, waiting in the weeds, waiting to be swept away and changed for but a moment by beautiful words on a page. 
Writing for one’s self is all fine and good for a little while, but that concept grows tired. When it’s all said and done, and the sun has set and our heads hit the same pillow in the same room, we all dream of being heard, of being seen—in some form or another. Though we may find our noble moments scattered throughout our unremarkable lives, there is one constant that will outlive all others: self-interest. We love on our own terms, play on our own terms, survive the not-so-good fight on our own terms, and we eventually have sex on our own terms. These are things not meant to belittle man; they are simply truths that most cloak, keeping them concealed by a good deed here, a good deed there.
Jeffrey wrote for a local paper that he seemed to take a minuscule amount of pride in. He was a very crisp writer—no wasted space, which was a lot more than I could say. I had only met his family once, and his wife was a beautiful soul. Kind, quiet, gentle. I liked people who didn’t feel they had to own the room, or at least a portion of it. Maybe that’s why I spent so much time alone with my typewriter: not to work, but to avoid people.
A wind picked up. It pushed against us, making my legs more fatigued. The burn was a significant enough factor that I had to exercise my mind to avoid the pain. I concentrated on the details of the landscape: the fog leaving Jeffrey’s lips, the orange around the fading sun, the line of birch trees to my left, the aspen up ahead and to my right, the white tops of the mountains that intimidated me more than they should have. The walk was perhaps a not-so-scenic one, but the picture was godly.
Jeffrey’s breathing was heavier as we both walked laboriously. He turned to me. “Are you holding up okay?”
“The deception is crueler than my knees and back.”
He smiled handsomely. “It’s a long ways. You’re not in your twenties anymore.”
“Makes sense. Because I feel about eighty. Or as good as dead.”
“That’s about right, isn’t it?” He stopped and looked at his feet. “Thanks for coming.”
“Something tells me this walk is more important to you than it is to me.”
“You’ve always been intuitive,” Jeffrey said with a hint of sarcasm.
“That, among many other gifts.” I smiled wryly and he laughed. 
“It’s just good to get away. I needed to get away.”
I was fearful that he would conjure up tears, but his face flattened out, ridding the emotion that had unexpectedly crept up.
“Well, I’m glad to keep you company. I don’t think you’d have the motivation to finish it alone.”
“You’re probably right,” he said.
“I think I’ll make a character based on you, if you’ll give me your permission.”
He seemed pleased. “Granted.”
“Like you, but with more balls.”
Jeffrey chuckled and spiked his right shoe down into the icy snow. “What conflict will I have to overcome?”
“I don’t know.”
We walked a ways farther. My nose was dripping, so I wiped it on my sleeve. My legs were so damn tired. My back hurt. “I’m worried, Jeffrey.”
“What about?”
“This is harder than I thought it’d be.”
“Should we head back?”
I should have, but it was no longer an option. The lactic acid I was feeling now was simply ebb; the next flow would come soon, especially if I let my mind wander to her. It was the reason I was there. “No, we shouldn’t. Bury me at camp if we don’t make it.”
“Don’t talk like that, Mr. Smith. Don’t you quit on me,” he said mockingly. 
“We go on …”
“You want a granola bar?”
“I’m good for now.”
“Suit yourself.” He opened one up, peeled back the wrapper, and devoured it. He chewed while I tried to resurrect the shape of her face, the color of her eyes, the shape of her breasts, the smell of her hair … 

***




Past

Karen was still gorgeous when she was tired. Her breathing was constant, unwavering. Mine, however, was a dreaded mess of pain that changed frequently throughout the long and tiresome walk. The wind began to pick up, and Karen pulled her neck-warmer over her nose. The mountains were far off, but we were filled with determination to not be outdone by one another. There would be time for relaxation and alcohol when we completed our lengthy task, and the reward would be sweeter after having executed. 
I felt good. I was machine-like, in peak shape, my legs hard, my lungs flexible, and my heart strong. She turned, and her eyes smiled at me. She hadn’t complained once in the first four hours, and the silence was not something we tried to avoid with wasteful words. We savored it and experienced each earned step and the sounds of the trees and the birds and all the day had to offer us, no matter how repetitious or monotonous it may have seemed at times. That was the beauty of it: Like our physical states, there were good moments—nearly euphoric—and some not-so-good moments, when the strenuous steps took considerable psychological vitality. 
The clouds had taken prepossessing shapes, and the distraction gave my legs life. I allowed my mind to explore, and before I was aware of how much longer we’d traveled, I had my next book idea, and it was a good one. It was one people would want to read.
“Please tell me we’re setting up camp at the base,” Karen said. The time for thought and reflection was over, and her timing was perfect, as I was becoming restless.
“We’ll see when we get there. How are you holding up?”
“The elastic in my underwear is rubbing.”
“Granny panties.”
“Nothing but,” she said. “What do you think we’ll discover once we get to the good stuff?”
A crow cawed overhead, and its wings were spread wide, the wind flitting through the weathered tips of its wings. 
“The aurora borealis, for one. Anything after that is a bonus.”
“S’mores?”
“Packed and ready.”
“I’m hungry. Are you?”
“Very.”
It was likely that we would set up at the base and eat, enjoy a fire, and perhaps make love if we had any energy left. I thought of her sexual pleas crying out, ricocheting off of the mountains for no one else to hear in the distance.

Hours later …

“I think you’re missing my point,” she said.
“No, I understand your point; I just don’t think that children or single people need life insurance. Any money a young person has should be invested with aggression. No legacy, no worry.”
“Funeral costs, future insurability,” she contested.
“Take the chances. If you get sick before you get the insurance, that’s just the luck of the draw.”
“And then you start a family, die, and leave your wife and children without a penny.”
“That’s why we save money. I’d rather have my savings working for me than protection in the event of an early death. I don’t like that success is an early death and higher return on your premiums paid. Morose.”
“Success is peace of mind, knowing your family is unequivocally protected. The markets could crash; savings can disappear. And these investments you speak of won’t do you any good at thirty. The only scenario where those work as an insurance replacement is past age fifty in most cases. What if you die before then?”
“It’s called diversification, Karen. Besides, you’re getting away from my point. There is a place for a modest-term insurance plan for a young family with children. Otherwise, your dollars are best used elsewhere. You’re not gonna be selling to twenty-something college kids or baby business professionals without a penny to their name. They’re spending their money on rent, beer, concerts, and weed.”
“Yeah, and they shouldn’t be. I think the parents should be buying insurance on their children. Then there’s no tough sell to the young adults. They’re already clients—clients who are safe, and their future children will be secure.”
“That’s quite morbid.”
“Doing the right thing?”
“Life insurance on a child.”
She sighed. “You’re annoying.”
“I’m just trying to help you find a new angle, a fresh elevator pitch that makes it all come together with a pretty little bow. They sign; they’re yours when they actually have money to spend down the road.”
She fell silent and pondered. “Protect and save.”
“As opposed to ‘serve’?”
She nodded.
“I like it. Pretty lame, but I like it.”
“How about this …” Karen stopped. “What is your worst fear? Not being able to take care of those you love. Eliminate the fear. Enjoy now; your future is already looked after.”
“It’s better. It’s good.”
“When are you starting your next book?”
“I already have.”
She didn’t pry, and I didn’t follow up. Ten seconds later, my knees buckled, and we crashed into the snow as she followed through with her tackle. She straddled me and pinned my hands behind my head.
“You hit like a linebacker,” I said. 
She kissed me.
 







Base
Present

  
  

I was wishing for the time to come when my legs no longer felt anything but numb. Currently, they hated me for attempting such a brave feat. I was concerned that my heart would explode from my chest, so I stopped, leaned over, and spit. Jeffrey was quick to my side. “Stay standing. Take a second here, and then we’ll slow our pace the rest of the way. We’re almost there. You are a beast.”
My mouth was too dry to spit a second time. I asked for the water bottle, and he gave it to me. I drank aggressively and spit the last bit out like NHL hockey players do. “Just think: Less than an hour, and you can sit and watch your obedient servant start a fire. Maybe you will even scribble something in that diary of yours.”
“You’re not my servant,” I said.
“No? What am I?”
“The kind of opponent an athlete takes on to boost his morale before the big show.” Jeffrey snickered and took a sip of water. “And you’re my friend,” I said, hopefully with little melodrama. 
He looked away from me. “Well, it’s an honor to make this trip with you. It’s surreal to be in the presence of the next big thing.”
“ ‘The next big thing,’ eh?”
“I’ve got a good feeling.”
“At least you’re optimistic.”
“And you’re not?”
I was blocked-out still. I could only access a specific memory. She was recently gone. I was sitting in my living room, surrounded by friends and family. I flashed my tiresome smile countless times at people who wished to console me—or at least prove to others and themselves that they were kind and thoughtful. I sat in my recliner. Four people approached me asking how I was holding up, offering to bring me food or water. Eventually, I moved to the kitchen. Three more approached me. One was an overtly friendly cousin of Karen’s. She hugged me. It was awkward. During Karen’s funeral, all I had wanted was to take her place in that expensive casket. She should have been crying in that pew. 
I cleared out the awful memory; all sullen and sympathetic eyes on me in constant glances. Perhaps, once I was able to sit down and begin writing garbage, navigate through that garbage, and stumble upon train tracks that were new and straight … “I’m just being realistic,” I said.
“I don’t like it when you’re that.”
“A level head keeps the boat afloat.”
“Nah. It stymies heart and guts.”
At second glance, the view had finally changed from what I remembered earlier. The mountains were right there for us to reach out and touch. The sky was orange. The secret trail remained. That was something I hadn’t given much thought to. It was possible that it had grown in too thick with trees and bush. But the opening was wider than I’d remembered. I started walking again, and my knees throbbed. Any muscle I had left in my legs was either cramping or dead. Jeffrey followed me with a look of concern, but said nothing. That last hour was longer than the previous nine. 
Finally, we circled around the birch trees, following the clear trail. It was immaculate. As we rounded toward our campsite, I noticed old footsteps not fully filled with fresh snow. There weren’t many, but they were there. “I guess this walk belongs to someone else too.”
“It has a lot to offer, I guess,” said Jeffrey.
“You know what I would like?”
“What’s that?”
“Some canned beans over the fire. And to die.”
Jeffrey’s chuckle was light and child-like. “I can do beans. I can’t kill you. You haven’t offended me enough. Yet.”
“The operative word. It’s coming down the pipe. Soon, I’ll drive you mad.”
“Put your energy to the page when we rest.”
“My energy was gone twenty years ago.”
“Really? You’re better than that, aren’t you?”
I thought for a second, then sat my ass in the snow. “Fuck you.”
We both smiled like children. I would have been giddy about tenting had I not been so exhausted. I was worried I didn’t have what it took to make it up, down, and back to our Jeep. There was much distance to go and little gas in my tank. Soon, I’d be running on fumes, and the muscle-and-joint pain that went with it would be a nice Bengay-slathered cherry on top.
I could tell Jeffrey was struggling, but when I motioned to help with the fire, he dismissed me. He was a good man, that Jeffrey. I hoped he wasn’t having troubles at home. His wife was a good woman, but she caused him grief, largely about him working for me, or so I had led myself to that assumption.
After the fire was going and the beans were in position, Jeffrey started on the tent. He told me to stay seated, and I did. Everything hurt too greatly for me to pull my weight. “Pull that notebook out. Get the motor going, no matter how slowly.”
“Fine.”
I did. I wrote about what she had looked like the first day of our hike, about how much we’d enjoyed Iceland, about how we’d wanted our life to play out like one big vacation. Never feeling stuck—that was our thing. And we had done it beautifully. I wrote about what it was like with her between the sheets: the bond, the rush, the unmistakable connection that mankind had decided to call love at some point. I had that in spades for her. She wasn’t just my wife; she was my hero …
The hot campfire beans were heaven-sent. Jeffrey removed a bottle from his pack and waved it around with a wry grin. 
“Scotch?”
“Smoky as all hell,” he said. 
I was handed a plastic cup, and we clinked glasses. I drank one quickly for added warmth and took my sweet time on the second one, as the flavors were potent, easy to make one grimace if a small sip ventured into a larger swallow. 
I was buzzed, and I tended back to my notebook. I was surprised to see I had a page filled. The fire cracked and spat, and the night was silent, death hiding somewhere in the trees. Any wildlife on our path was sleeping soundly, and this brought me comfort. When I made it to our tent, there was a bottle of ibuprofen and a tube of Bengay next to my pillow. Jeffrey had said he needed a minute or two by the fire yet. 
I climbed in under the blankets and stared at page two of the notebook. I couldn’t continue.

***

Past
 
We could have carried on. We both had strength in our legs, and our lungs were fresh. The hike up may have killed us, but we could have done it. Instead, we decided to enjoy a night of camping. After several agitated attempts at starting a fire, it caught and went, building to a strong roar. The embers were bright in the night, and I was transfixed by it, with my woman in my arms. When it fell low, we adjourned to the tent and lay on our backs, staring at the shadows of trees that played back and forth in the wind. 
I awoke in the middle of the night to the sound of the wind. It was no longer a whistle; it was raging. I peeked out of the tent, and snowflakes flurried around us. The sounds became more ferocious by the second. I turned over and spooned Karen. “Karen,” I whispered. She groaned and remained asleep. “Karen. Do you hear that?”
She opened her eyes and squinted. “You scared, honey? You need a back rub and some hair-caressing?”
“We might have to stay put tomorrow and wait it out.”
“It’ll be fine. I want to see the other side.”
“The other side could mean our death.”
“So dramatic. It’ll clear off, and we will conquer that mountaintop. You plant a flag, and I’ll ride yours.”
“How about now?”
“I would hate to spoil it.”
I held her tight and kissed the back of her greasy hair. “It’s really howling.”
“It’s just gotta get it out of its system. Then tomorrow we’ll be golden.”
“It’s a good thing we both have life insurance. Or is this one of those exclusions?”
She elbowed me in the gut. “It would pay out. I think.”
“Good. Good.” I nestled into the back of her neck, and she placed her hand on mine that rested on her hip, her rear pulled in tight to my body. “Sorry I woke you.”
“I’ll comfort my baby anytime.”
“I appreciate that.”
Eventually, the sound of the wind didn’t worry me so much, and I drifted off with the smell of her. I dreamed that I woke up and she was gone. I searched high and low and couldn’t find her. At first, I thought she had gotten lost. Then I thought she had abandoned me. It all seemed so real.



























Doc
Present



No matter how prepared she was for the test results, she could not hide the fact that she was a nervous wreck. Her fingernails had been chewed to the nub, and she had been sitting in the tiny patient room for an eternity. When Doctor Nagy stepped inside and greeted her with the touch of her shoulder, she knew.
The next half hour was blended in a cocktail of daydreaming with a surrealistic quality as she stared at a scan of her brain. There was a spot in there somewhere. Back from the dead.
“I’m sorry, Royce. Do you have any questions for me?”
“Do I have to do the chemo? Or can we just go ahead with the surgery as quickly as possible?”
“We must do the chemo. I know how hellish it is. But we must be certain.”
Royce scoffed at his choice of word. “Certain, eh?”
“It’s a smaller spot than the first time. It’s early and contained, Royce. As scary as recurrence is, this is good news.”
“Chemo almost killed me last time, Doc. I nearly puked up my large intestine, and you’re telling me about good news? Shit, man. What sort of hell do you believe in?”
Doctor Nagy smiled and patted her knee. “You’re a tough customer. I know you’ll have the fortitude to kick this thing in the ass one last time.”
“Last time?” she didn’t conceal her build-up of anger. “Why did it come back?”
“Local recurrence. This happens sometimes. Cells left behind in all likelihood. But we believe it’s controlled.”
“Right. Well, that’s just swell.”
“Royce. You can do this.”
“What are my odds?”
Nagy leaned back in his chair. There was no pussy footing around Royce. She would get her answers head on.
“75 percent. Give or take, of course.”
“Hot diggity. We should celebrate. When you off shift?”
“Is there someone you can talk to, Royce?”
“Nah. I’m all squared away there.”
“What about your sister?”
“Busy getting famous.”
Nagy nodded uncomfortably and glanced at the scan.
“When will surgery be?” she asked. 
“We will have to see how chemo goes. Between two to three months. If it increases in the slightest we will move up the date drastically. But I don’t suspect that will happen.”
“I need something for the headaches. I can’t do my job.”
“You shouldn’t be working, Royce.”
“Yeah, well we can’t all get what we want in life, isn’t that right?” She ran her hand over her left pocket and took comfort in the cigarette she would soon retrieve from that pack. “My insurance package is bare bones, Doc. This shit will sink me. The least I can do is keep working. Fight the good fight, right?”
“You’re fully covered here,” he said with a confused look. Royce turned her attention back to the brain scan on the wall.
“Fully covered? Tell that to the prescription pills I needed to prevent myself from a much-needed suicide. Fifty bucks a pop, no?”
“Are there not any other areas you can seek for financial support?” he asked.
“Nope.”
“It’s marginal enough that your health should come first, Royce. You will get by.”
“You gonna foot the bill then? And speaking of bills—I have to keep paying mine. You know, keep the water running to flush the vomit.” His face reddened. “That’s what I thought. Let’s not worry about my established career, and focus on getting me some potent shit for the pain I’m already suffering from.”
“Marijuana will suffice for the headaches. I’ll also write you a prescription for the stomach.”
“Marijuana? You can do better than that, can’t you, Doc?”
“The THC content will do just fine.”
“Will it though?”
“It’ll knock you on your ass.”
“Now you’re speaking my language.” She exhaled. “Mind if I smoke in here?”
“Yes, I mind very much. Did we suddenly go back in time, and move into a crowded bar?”
“Crowded bar is my kind of scene. Your company is okay too, I guess.”
“Frankly, I don’t really care what you think of my company. What I care about is keeping you healthy and removing that tumor from your head.”
“You’re such a charmer. Anyone ever tell you that?”
“My wife. Once.”
“Lucky gal.”
“The luck is all mine.”
After a pause, “That’s my cue. Been a pleasure as always, Doc.” She turned to leave.
“Royce… Take care of yourself, will you?” he extended the prescription note that she had forgotten about. She took it.
	“Sure thing.”
	“I’ll see you next week.”

***

Royce didn’t flee back to the bar after receiving her diagnosis as she had expected. She crossed the street and went to the bakery for a cinnamon bun and coffee. The bun was massive and was layered with the most delectable white icing one would ever taste. She took a thousand milligrams of ibuprofen with her coffee and her headache was as good as gone. It would later return with vengeance. 
Afterward, she went to a pharmacy with her prescription. Knowing her preference, Doctor Nagy had set her up with herb instead of oil. Since her first cancer scare, she had always enjoyed smoking. She looked forward to it at all times.
Royce spent the rest of the day on that park bench attempting to read a mystery novel that she continuously set down. Instead, she watched people come in and out of the hospital. Then she would turn and watch people walk down the street, enter and exit the bakery shop, the pharmacy, a clothing store, the town office. Everyone was dressed heavily as it was a rather cold day for Reykjavik. She realized that she was without a tuque. She blew into her cold hands and cupped her numb ears.
Once boredom sunk in, she thought largely of her sister and wondered how she liked Los Angeles. Then she thought a great deal about death and the afterlife.
As the sun was being replaced by the moon, she rolled a joint, lit it, and smoked. Though there were fewer people now, they were much more interesting. 
In the midst of attempting to read her book one last time, she wanted to cry, but refrained. Instead, she walked back to the bar with a pint on her mind. 









Rise
Present



I came to, and the wind had settled, just as she had suggested. I rolled back toward her and touched her arm …
Jeffrey turned to his back with a confused, sleepy scowl. “I’m just not into you that way.”
“I dreamed I was in better, more attractive company.”
“Sorry to disappoint.”
“It’s not your fault. You’re born with what you’re born with.”
Jeffrey’s sighed and yawned loudly. “I guess the only blame to place is on my father and his father. A cruel trend.”
“What is your father like?” I asked.
“A good one, I guess. I don’t get to see him as much as I should but … He’s a fun guy. Likes his outdoors and dinner parties. Thinks of himself as quite the comedian when you put him in a crowd full of cocktails.”
“Well, he didn’t completely miss the mark with you.”
“Aw, thanks.”
Looking at the zipper of the tent, I was struck with a strange sense of déjà vu. Funny how that seemed to happen at least once a year. I enjoyed hearing all the theories on the sensation, both scientific and mythological. I appreciated the one about multiple realities the most. The fact that the moment had happened countless other times and that it meant you were on the correct path was both assuring and interesting.
“What you thinking, boss?”
“Just had me some déjà vu.”
“That right?”
“Yeah, it’s still going on right now as I’m saying these words.”
“Better make a wish.”
“Is that what you’re supposed to do?”
“Sure.”
“I wish that when I stand up, I’ll be pain-free.”
“I thought you were a realist? And it won’t come true now, by the way.”
“I gotta piss. Carry me.”
“I’ll help you up. That’s as far as I go.”
We drained our bladders side by side and huffed in the crisp air. I was a weary kind of happy, but happy nonetheless. I drank quite a bit of water in the morning, and Jeffrey fried us three eggs each. I was already thinking about burgers at the end of our trip. The end. It couldn’t come soon enough. 
I made notes on my memories of our first house in Minnesota before we had moved to Iceland. It was a small bungalow that we could barely afford, but thankfully, her parents had been able to help with the down payment. I wasn’t thrilled about it—not because they dangled it over me in any way (they were nice people), but I knew just from that subtle look whenever my writing was brought up that it wasn’t a “real” subject worth discussing. But they would still ask me about it because they were polite and understood their daughter was happy putting up with me. They were just worried about the instability of it all, as they should have been. There was no stability, and it only got worse with time. Before I could blink, books had become a secondary income stream for celebrities who couldn’t write—or had someone else write it for them. The pool of readers shrunk each year, and the publishing houses had no faith or money to share with any authors, nor should they have.
That first house though … It was ours. I could picture it so clearly. I could see her smiling, always smiling in that house. We had lived in sin as boyfriend and girlfriend for a short time. It was wonderful. The only unfavorable aspect was my stress about getting published. I was a bartender at a pub called Thirsty Joe’s. It was enough to cover some expenses, but we were banking pretty hard on Karen at the time. She had enough pressure starting out in the insurance game. She felt like a bloodhound, hitting up all of her friends and their friends. But when we were both in that house at the same time, it all fell to the wayside. We hosted many parties and game nights with friends. Funny enough, those game nights became a driver in building Karen’s business—prospecting in a fun setting. After one good year and one bad year, her numbers kept climbing, and my stress decreased. Sure, I was somewhat emasculated, no denying that, but she held herself in such a supportive way that my guilt was minimized. And then I got published. And then I wrote a hit. We were as free as free gets …
 We decided to leave the tent, as we would likely need it for a short rest after traveling the distance of the mountain twice. We packed up the necessities and got back to the trail. I was tired as soon as our steps inclined. It was going to be hell.

***

Past

The wind was rough, but not violent like the night before. The incline was gradual, yet enough to make the legs burn. I was sweating profusely under my snowsuit, and the wind numbed my cheeks. The path we walked down was smooth, and to our left and right was rougher terrain. The grade of the slope flattened out, and then we descended into a valley of rock. It would be a fair distance of lost time and energy before we would begin our ascent again. Karen and I often selected landmarks to push ourselves, sometimes correlating with a self-challenge of time, so we’d keep an eye on our watches while trudging competitively. The trees still appeared tall, and we were not. It’s always humbling when any experience or challenge takes a great deal of time. And time is often based on perception. You focus on the hike too much, and it breaks down the mind. The journey is all about balance: conversation, small goals, scenery, imagination, plotlines, and character backstory for my next novel. If I could have a rough outline completed, it would be the ultimate two-birds-one-stone scenario. 
Karen soldiered ahead, increasing her pace. I had to work hard to keep up with her. I spotted a large boulder in the distance, and beside it was a white clump of snow, the ground dry around it. The snow shifted, and I noticed that it had eyes. Karen soldiered on ahead to the right, oblivious to the Arctic fox’s existence. I gained her attention and told her to stop with a hand gesture. We inched closer while the fox sniffed around the rock. She was so beautiful—snow-white, short snout, little black eyes, and perky ears. I retrieved my Konica camera from my bag and lined up the shot. She was rummaging around still, sniffing for something. Her coat was plush and so white that she looked like a stuffed toy. I waited, and she rewarded me. She sat upright, straightened her back, and looked square into the lens. I fired and captured it squarely. As I inched forward, she turned and ran. 
“You get it?”
“Yeah.”
“What a beauty, hey?”
“Yeah, she was amazing.”
We walked a little farther and then took a break to drink water and eat beef jerky. We carried on and traveled through the valley, protected by the trees and mountain, feeling no wind. Our pace was swift. Up above, birds coasted.




Peak
Present



I wheezed repeatedly as my lungs showed no signs of improving. The elevation was unforgiving as I sucked for oxygen. The vegetation was long gone, and we had reached some rough terrain that was unavoidable as we neared the top. The view had been beautiful for a while now, the bending row of mountains all resting like set pieces, the sky ugly and fog-like to the east. We had stopped briefly an hour ago, and I had asked Jeffrey if he wanted to take pictures, but he had informed me that it wasn’t necessary.
There were other mountains much taller than the one we were scaling. I couldn’t recall why Karen and I had selected this route. It may have been random. There were no facts to suggest otherwise. 
It was safe to say that my body was in a condition closest described as “dangerous.” I had to stop shy of the top and attempt to get my wind back. Jeffrey looked concerned and suggested that we move down to a spot that had a rock shelf, where we could light a fire and recover before trekking back down the hill. 
There was no glamor in hiking. And there was no pride. Not anymore. I was too tired to be proud of an accomplishment that had already been accomplished. I was only scared and old. But the top was right there, a mere half-hour hike with any kind of insurgence. We would make it. I would not succumb to my aged body. I couldn’t. 
After a ten-minute break, my shallow breaths regained depth. We hiked at three-quarters’ speed, and my knees hurt less, but the numbness had spread into my legs again. My chest was burning, and the swirl of vomit begged to come up. I forced it down and completed the mountain. 
We arrived at the top, and I collapsed to my hands and knees. Jeffrey fell to my side, and I heard no labored breathing on his behalf. He was strong and young and powerful and poised. Beads of moisture suspended in his thick black beard.
The wind whistled, and I withheld from dry heaving.
“This is ridiculous,” Jeffrey muttered to himself, staring out at the varying mountains lined up like dominos.
“Not one thing ridiculous about it,” I replied.
“Are you okay?”
“I’m up here, aren’t I?”
“And how do we get you down there?”
“Same way, I suppose.”
“We can’t make that trek. Not in your condition. I’m not far behind you anyway. I’m hurting.”
“Bullshit. This is a cake walk to you. You’d take new heights if you could.”
“I’m literally half your age.”
“And half the man, isn’t that right?” I smiled for the first time in a while and spit on the ground.
“You are right.”
“You got that Scotch on you?”
“Shit, it’s back at camp.”
“Back to camp, it is. I need to celebrate.”
“We can’t go that far.”
“What choice do we have?”
He moved over and leaned on snowy rocks and stared out at the view once again. He seemed to enjoy it momentarily, unlike me, who was still combating all of the aches and pains that shook my body. The only view I saw was pain. 
“How about this …” Jeffrey retrieved his water bottle, took a sip, and handed it over to me. “We go back a ways to that spot I pointed out. We hang out under the shelf. I’ve got supplies for a fire. We have energy bars, water, and that notebook of yours. Let’s take an hour and a half, and if we feel up for it, we’ll make it back to camp just in time for dark. If not, we settle in for the night.”
“One hour. Then we go.”
Jeffrey sighed. “Fine.”
We started up again. “This will be good. We should get a perfect angle under the northern lights.”
“Can’t miss the pretty dancing colors,” I said.
“You were a tourist once upon a time.”
“We’re all tourists, all of the time.”
“Deep. What does it mean? No one ever really figures life out?”
“It means shave your face. You look like a caveman.”
I should have smiled, but I didn’t. I was oddly agitated, and it seemed Jeffrey suspected this. 
His chortle ended quickly, and his face straightened out. “Is there something you need to get off your chest, Mr. Smith?”
“I think so. I’m just not sure what that is.”
He sighed emphatically and shook his head. 
“How about you?” I asked.
“I shouldn’t have pushed you this hard. It’s no small thing, and I should have realized that—long ago.”
“I’m a grown man, Jeffrey. I could have told you to fuck off.”
“But you didn’t.”
I scanned the landscape. The wind was howling. The massive field of nothing we had traversed was now strange flatland so far away that we’d never reach it again. I searched for Karen’s flag, but it wasn’t there.
“Come on,” I said. “I’m hungry and thirsty.”

***

Past

Karen wedged her flag of Minnesota between some rocks and packed more in to keep it in place. “That should do the trick,” she said.
“What did you say about flags earlier? Something about another one?”
“You really want these rocks in your back?”
I held out my arms, and the wind rolled around them, rippling my jacket. It was faster. Our hope was to watch the sunset and the northern lights take its place, but the conditions could have wound up like the night before.
“I don’t think it’s safe to stay,” I said.
“You’re likely right. Back to that spot we found?”
“Maybe the fox made it there?”
“Maybe.”
The wind held strong and shifted my weight on countless occasions. Karen was at my side, and then, before I could react, she wasn’t. She tripped over a rock, and my worst fear sprang to life. The grade of slope was intense, and she barrel-rolled down the rocks. Her cries seized my body. I hurried to her and soon heard that she had come to a stop. Rocks rumbled beneath my feet as I nearly fell too. I rushed around the corner, and she lay motionless against a large boulder that had clearly stopped her momentum. Before I arrived at her side, I saw her body move. She was alive. 
I knelt down, and a groan left her throat. “Karen. Karen. Just say something.”
“My ankle,” she whispered. “It hurts.”
Removing her heavy boot would be a bad idea. I helped turn her over while supporting her neck. “What else?” I asked.
I examined her crying face, half of which was scraped badly. She grimaced, and her bruised top lip pulled tight against her teeth. There was one missing, half of another.
“My knee?” she said.
“Okay. I think you’re fine. I’m just gonna gently check your neck and head, okay?”
“Okay.”
She had one bad goose egg, but otherwise seemed fine. There was no bleeding from her head. I felt along her neck and looked down at her from above. I felt down her spine gingerly, and nothing seemed out of place. What did I know? “Can you move your toes for me?”
She did and screamed. 
“Ankle?”
“Ankle.”
“Okay, let’s focus on the good side for now. Toes first.” 
She nodded that it was okay. 
“Lift your left arm up.” 
She did with ease. 
“No pain?” 
She shook her head, and her lip trembled as she exhaled. 
“Okay, can you lift your leg up, leading with your knee?” 
She did, and it caused her no additional grief. 
“Unfortunately, it’s doubtful there will be anyone to pick us up, so we’re gonna have to see if you can at least sit up. First, turn your neck very, very slowly.”
“I’m not paralyzed.” She covered her face. “My ankle hurts so badly.”
“You’ll be fine. Can you sit up for me?” I supported her but let her do the work. She yelped when she accidentally moved her bad foot.
We used the boulder as a backrest. I picked some rock shards from her scraped face, and she didn’t wince from that. I felt around her knee, and there was no kneecap to feel. It was all a swollen blob.
“I’m in trouble,” she said.
“Nope. It’ll just be a more interesting return back, that’s all.”
I finally stopped assessing every inch of her, and we just stared at each other with puzzled defeat. I brushed the hair from her face and pressed my lips gently against hers. She told me she was sorry. 
“We’re going to be fine. I was a Boy Scout, so we’re all good.”
“Aren’t I just the luckiest then.”
“I’m going to carry you, okay?”
Fear stained her eyes as she covered her swollen upper lip with her bottom. “I don’t know if I can.” She stared at the rocky trail and back to me. “I can’t move it.” She leaned her head back against the rock and whimpered. “It’s not exactly going to be a smooth ride down.”
“No, it won’t. But if it moves, it moves. Your ankle is a long way from your heart.”
“Easy for you to say.”
Just in time, a snowy wind pushed into my back and into her face.
“Here’s how we do it …” I paused and smiled.
“Please tell me that smile is a good idea that involves me being pain-free.”
“I’m afraid not.”
“You bastard.”
“The best way to pick you up is the way I would carry my wife to bed on our wedding night.”
“You’re married? I knew it.”
I retrieved the ring from my pocket and held it out. It was supposed to happen under the northern lights by a warm fire with a tent conveniently three steps away. “Will you—”
“Yes. I’ll marry you.” 
I slid the ring onto her finger. She laughed and shook her head. 
“Okay. I’m going to carry you like that for a bit. It should be easier on your ankle than on my back. But eventually, we’ll have to switch, okay?”
“Okay.”
I scooped her up as gently as I could, but when I rose from the crouched position with her in my arms, she howled. I shuffled her in close so she could wrap her hands around my neck, and we started. Her face was flat, and she made no sound, but I knew each step hurt her tremendously. 
It wasn’t far to our safe zone. Perhaps we had enough supplies that I could leave her there and go get help.
One step at a time …

***

Present

I stopped and took one last look out into the open landscape. It was obviously too far to see our Jeep, but it was encouraging to know it was there waiting for us. My eyes darted back to the center of the white field at two snowmobiles gliding slowly, like ants on a map. 
“Mr. Smith.”
“Yeah?”
“You good to keep going?”
“Absolutely.”
I followed Jeffrey, and he waited for me to pass him. 
“You want me to lead?”
“Please.”
I didn’t know what to make of it. Perhaps he wanted to make sure he’d be there if I collapsed, worried that if he didn’t shoulder-check frequently enough, I’d be left behind. 
“It opens up soon, and we can walk side by side.”
“You’re the boss,” I said. 
The downhill was such a relief in the beginning, but the downward friction was causing an irritating rub in my boot. I stopped and lowered my ass to the ground. I removed the boot and discovered the spot giving me trouble was already covered with foam material and tape. I forgot that I had already placed it there in anticipation of the constant rubbing. I was always prone to blisters, as they could sometimes be severe enough to completely ruin a trip.
I put my boot back on, and we continued down. We were soon below the tops of birch trees, and I recognized the familiar path with shiny black rocks mixed in. That meant our shelf was within minutes and our trail to first camp was not far off.
I removed my notebook and began making notes …
We’d had so much hope in the beginning. Karen had turned her ankle horrendously, but we were engaged. On second thought, “hope” was probably the wrong word. We’d expected to trudge our way back to our vehicle, head to the hospital in Reykjavik, get her foot in a cast, practice with the crutches, go to our hotel, drink some wine … I’d be tired from a shitty sleep the night before in the hospital, and we would fall asleep as soon as our heads hit the pillow. We’d wake the next morning and laugh about our crazy trip in disbelief that it had actually happened. We’d then realize the magnitude of the situation we had been in. We’d consider ourselves lucky for only a moment and then go on enjoying our trip. We’d get drunk at a restaurant and lounge, go to a club, Karen crutching around in a cocktail dress, making everyone laugh who approached her to ask what had happened. I’d just watch her engage with everyone, study the faces of strangers fall for her just as I had. They say everyone is meant for someone. Soul mates. A million men would have deemed her as their soul mate; I’d just gotten lucky. That’s what life boiled down to: timing, luck. And making the most of it for those who weren’t so lucky.
But it didn’t play out that way. Yes, we were engaged. But we weren’t that lucky. Not then.
It was a far walk …
I looked up from my notebook, and Jeffrey was gone. “Going somewhere?” He stepped around the rock shelf to my right, and I turned off the black-pebbled path. We had arrived.
“Holy shit,” said Jeffrey, hunched over his backpack.
“What now?”
“Turns out the Scotch was with me all along.”
“Pour me a glass,” I replied.  



























Shelf
Present



I was surprised by my recovery. The pain left my legs, and my knees were tolerable. I helped Jeffrey with the fire, and after getting my fill of water, I enjoyed my Scotch. The energy bar would come later, once I was good and buzzed. When I looked straight up, I could see the corners of the northern lights flowing green. Jeffrey saw me do this and joined me in a gaze with a wry smirk.
“How are the notes coming?”
“Notes?”
“Yeah, for the new book.”
“Oh, right. I hadn’t given it much thought. I’ll think about it while we walk to camp, then put in a scribbling shift there.”
“We might stay here though. Shouldn’t be going in the dark.”
“The conditions are good. We did the rough part already. We’ll be fine.”
“How’s your breath?”
“Is it that bad?”
Jeffrey chuckled. “Your wind. I mean, how are your lungs?”
“Oh … Better, actually. Still need new knees though.”
As assertive as Jeffrey could be and often was, I still saw him as a boy in the quiet moments when his mind was elsewhere or when he was caught between words or thoughts. He sipped his Scotch and stared at the fire. I analyzed his face: his dark hair and beard, his green eyes, his slanted nose, the scar above his eye. He was a handsome man, broad shoulders. His features were hard and masculine, and yet I still saw that child for reasons unknown.
Jeffrey caught me staring. “What you write … I mean, what you’ve written mostly, it falls under the definition of ‘pop fiction,’ does it not?”
“Why do you ask?”
“Maybe this next one shouldn’t?”
“Maybe it will be both,” I answered.
“Can there be such a thing?”
“No, probably not.”
“So how would you transition to traditional literature?”
“What is ‘traditional literature’?”
Jeffrey scratched his beard. It was difficult to say whether it was irritated by an itch or my question. “Characters with remarkable traits or abilities in ordinary circumstances. Pop fiction is usually the opposite. Is that not the gist of it?”
I nodded in consideration. “And who am I writing about this time?”
Jeffrey acknowledged the corner he had backed himself into with a head nod. 
“Unless, that is, you think I am remarkable?”
“Maybe you are.”
I chuckled and sipped my Scotch. “I am not … And I don’t entirely agree with what you’ve said.”
“Go on.” He waited for me, his eyes on his feet.
“There are many things that make something ‘literature.’ You could say it all is. But I know what you’re implying. And it comes down to two things: depth and sophistication—why the characters do what they do, the choices they make. It leaves it up to the reader to feel a certain way about it. It doesn’t force them into a corner. Hey, did you see the highlights from a couple nights ago? That catch was pure robbery.”
“So your next novel will classify as literature?”
“What are you reading these days? I need something new. I’ve been continuously displeased, book after book. Recommend something that will get my blood cooking. Horror, maybe?”
“Your next novel. Literature?”
“No. That sort of writer needs the chops for it. I don’t have it. There are plenty of talented writers who have it and remain forever unknown. That’s the way it is.”
“I don’t know if I believe that.”
“Believe what you want. Literature is a spectrum, and my words aren’t on it.” I downed my Scotch, and he refilled me. “What does it matter? Good story is still good story. Why is the classification important to you? And don’t say it isn’t; it’s stamped on your forehead.”
“I just believe you’ve got it in you.”
“Well, I appreciate that, Jeffrey. But do you know what the biggest writing mistake of all is?”
“What’s that?”
“Talking about it. All I do is attempt writing. Let’s talk about anything else. The world is your oyster.”
“It’s not yours?”
“Sure it is.”
Jeffrey appeared displeased. “Stories are all I’ve known. I’m tired of stories. They’re erasing my own,” I said.
“You’re somewhere between piteous and full of shit right now. Can’t decide which.”
I raised my brow. “Are you worried about my longevity, Jeffrey? My place in life, is that it? My last kick at the can should be epic. Leave a strong mark, yeah?”
“Never mind. You’re right. You need to write whatever comes to you. Don’t overthink it,” he said.
“There are more important things than this self-indulgent quest.”
Jeffrey sneered and stared past me, into the woods. “Yeah. Time for a career change.”
“You are a sensitive one,” I said.
“I’m not—” He shook his head and aborted his sentence.
It became quiet. I stared at my cup. I could hear something in the distance. It was faint and concealed by the trees. I stilled and listened. It moved in all directions with inconsistent footsteps. I tried to hear more, but it was too faint, and then it was gone. 
“Are you angry about being old?” Jeffrey broke my trance. There was no playfulness. It was a serious question, sincere, and his eyes begged me to deliver something truthful, deriving from somewhere he’d perhaps not seen before.
“I’m angry about everything.”
“What does that mean?”
“I wish I could answer your questions, Jeffrey. I wish … I expected to have more answers at this age. Time went somewhere, and I don’t know what I’m supposed to do.”
“What you’re supposed to do or who you are?”
“What, who. Both, maybe. How long can one simply linger for?”
I could feel certain emotions resonate that I needed to keep at bay.
“Tell me what it’s like.”
“We’re pretty much the same age, aren’t we? After forty, it’s all the same.”
“I’m thirty-five.”
“Hang on for dear life.”
“Serious.”
“Maybe I don’t want to be serious. Maybe I don’t like your invasive questions.”
“You’re almost seventy. What does that mean to you?”
I dumped my Scotch onto the fire, and the flames engulfed it and grew taller. “Seventy means only being able to see what you’ve lost when you don’t want to reflect anymore. And I can see all of that shit clearly. It means being lonely. It means being aware that you’re losing your skill, your mind, your body, and your identity. Seventy means not having my wife.”
“I’m sorry.”
“No sense being sorry.”
“What can I do for you?”
“You do more than enough.”
I apologized with a glance, extended my cup, and he filled it. We sat in silence and enjoyed it more this time around. The night remained peaceful, and I was more at ease, my body near pain-free while remaining still. My back was uncomfortable as I slouched against the rocky wall, and I thought of my bed at home. Even my bed in the loft would have been inviting at that point. But that’s what hard work away from home does for a person: It makes you more grateful for what you have. I had taken food and sleep for granted over my cabin-fever-filled years.
Jeffrey inhaled and released the breath like it was magic, watching it float skyward. The stars were out and putting on a show for us. Still gazing up at the sky he asked, “Can I make a suggestion?”
“I’ll allow it.”
“Write. That’s one thing that should never change. Get in your bubble and write. You’re a writer. That’s what you do.”
I smiled. “There is nothing else, is there?”
“No. There isn’t. I often wonder about you, Mr. Smith. Your mind is a peculiar thing.”
The comment was a peculiar one itself, but I believed it to be a compliment. “Isn’t everyone’s mind unique?”
He pursed his lips. “No. Not everyone. Not truly.”
After my Scotch, I ate a coconut-and-chocolate-chip energy bar. It was good. Then we had bread. Jeffrey had his premade with peanut butter, and mine with margarine and cheddar cheese. We talked about baseball the remainder of the night along with some of Jeffrey’s freelance journalism he had been conducting over the past couple years. He also mentioned a pub in Reykjavik that he enjoyed. He didn’t mention his wife until I brought her up. It had been so long that I could hardly picture her face. I remembered she was pretty. Jeffrey said she was doing well, but she wanted to go back to work as a legal secretary. It seemed like a stressing topic, and we didn’t spend a large amount of time on it. 
The cheese and bread were delightful, and I could hardly wait for our return to the Jeep to eat burgers and drink hot cocoa …

***

Past

I couldn’t feel my arms. Karen was a small woman, but she no longer felt small. My heart broke for her, as each rough step that caused her ankle to bob made her cry out. She was strong for much of the descent, but when her agony reached its peak, she told me she just wanted to go home. I tried to concentrate, but I was less careful the farther we went. 
“It won’t be long. You’ll be in a warm bed with morphine coursing through your veins.” It felt like my biceps were going to tear out of my skin. “You’ll smile as you feel yourself drift off. The pain will be gone, and you’ll have that fuzzy feeling in your head. You’ll say something outrageous before you pass out. You’ll hibernate forever while your ankle heals. I’ll be at your bedside with a large pizza. I think I’ll get extra cheese.” She laughed into my neck. “And a six-pack of dark ale. I’ll eat and drink it all in one sitting, and they’ll have to set me up in the bed next to you. I won’t be able to move.”
“You’re an idiot,” she said. “A corny idiot.”
I couldn’t go much farther. She’d have to stand and get positioned on my back. 
“Be nice. I’m carrying your lazy ass.”
“Thank you,” she whispered. 
Her ring pressed against my neck. I wished so badly to shift her body weight in my arms, but I knew that any jarring motion would cause her tremendous pain. 
We didn’t switch positions. We carried on. I used strength I never thought I’d had. I was going to use those arms as long as I could, as I wouldn’t use them a second time to carry her. The remainder would be torture to my entire body. 
Battling through all of the agony, we made it to the little shelf spot. When I finally set her down, my arms fell limp and dead to the ground. It was as though they were no longer attached to my body. I refused to let myself sit as I started with the fire. It was difficult, as my hands were half numb, and I had to gather enough branches to use as structure for the paper we had packed to kick-start our fires. I gathered enough branches so that it would afford me enough time to sit and collect myself before leaving to gather more. I rubbed my hands over the flames, and that’s when the pain kicked in. My arms throbbed. I kept my elbows bent slightly and let the throbbing sensation run its course. 
I scooted over next to her, and she rested her head on my shoulder. “We’ll be back to civilization in no time,” I said. I looked at her, and her eyes began to fill with tears. “What’s wrong?” I asked.
“I have to pee. Now.”
“Okay, well …” 
Her snow pants were tucked into the boot and so were her pants underneath. Getting her in position, on her feet, and pants off far enough for her to urinate would have been far too much trouble. “It’s okay, Karen. Just go.”
She cringed and shook her head. She wiped her nose on my jacket. 
“Don’t worry. I wet the bed once when I was thirteen.” 
She knew I was lying to cheer her up. “Shut up,” she said without malice. “Please help me do this.”
“Karen. Really, it’s okay. Just go.”
She closed her eyes, rested her head in my lap, and after some time, she moved away from me and went. 











Trail
Present



As long as I could remember, I’d been insecure with my writing, confident with everything else. Writing was a war with myself, but the rest of life I took in stride without hesitation, doubt, or worry. I had wanted Karen the moment I met her, so I got her. I walked across that banquet hall, said something stupid, and stuck around. I believe she found me just charming enough not to be creepy. I was persistent; I had to be. She made my initial approach so easy. She was kind …
My wind was okay, but my knees were worse than before, and we were working on smooth terrain and fine conditions. It was mild, not too cold, the wind was minimal, and clarity was pure, the sun warm against my cheek. My knees though … I continuously envisioned bone rubbing on bone, each contact sending red flares up and down my legs and into my mind. Jeffrey noticed me grimacing. He was going to say something, but he didn’t. 
“Beautiful day for it,” I said.
“Sure is.” He wiped his nose onto his black glove. “How did you sleep last night?”
“Like a baby. I ran out of sleeping pills a while ago. Turns out, if you drink enough Scotch you’ll stay down.”
“Yes, a fine alternative.”
“Oh, don’t get your panties lost up high. I drink casually.”
“Casually for a heavy drinker.”
I chose not to push the subject any further. Jeffrey was quicker than me. It was a battle I’d rather not lose at the moment. 
As I limped down God’s gorgeous trail, trees dripping, sun peaking, white sheets for eternity, mountains serving as protective borders, I realized for the umpteenth time that I was your run-of-the-mill miserable old soul. I could not appreciate what was in front of me. I wanted to, but I couldn’t. I acknowledged it, yes, but I didn’t appreciate it, nor did I bask in it and strain to hold on to it.
Our trip wasn’t filled with as much conversation as I had anticipated. Jeffrey was solemn and seemed to be wrestling with something. “You never met her, did you?” Of course he hadn’t; I knew that. I don’t know why I asked it.
“I don’t believe I had the pleasure.”
“She was a lot like you, now that I think of it, actually. Quick like a cat. Everything she said had meaning. She didn’t waste a word or a breath. Not like me … I hung on her every damn word. In a way, that woman ruined life for me. There was nothing greater than her.”
“It won’t get easier with her on a pedestal.” Jeffrey’s lips tightened as it appeared he regretted saying the words. “Everyone loses their spouse. You’re not alone in that department.”
I wanted to supply him with a shot to the side of the head.
“You loved her. I know,” he said less bitterly.
I cringed at the comment. “ ‘Love’ is holiday cards, wedding halls, and nights out with friends to show off. This was like a drug. There wasn’t a damn thing before her. Not after, either.” I could smell her hair, see the outline of her lips, her smile … “Selfless. That’s what was she was. Truly … I saw it so soon; that’s the thing. It was instant.”
“Did you say ‘holiday cards’ or ‘Hallmark cards’ earlier?” Jeffrey joked.
“I was gonna say …” I laughed lightly. “That’s why I can’t write this shit. Look what I’m babbling about already. First draft is supposed to be the most inspired.”
“ ‘Inspired’ is nacho-cheese bullshit. You make it your own in the next ten trips through it.”
“That many?” I asked.
“However many.”
I didn’t know how to write life. Life had too many gaps. I had always relied upon a swiftly moving plot. How do you fill the gaps? Isn’t life just a bunch of subsequent gaps? The thought of sitting in front of that wretched typewriter made me anxious. It was the same anxiousness that had driven me out on this damned trip to get rid of it.
Jeffrey took a shot of water. He seemed to have a spring in his step, an elated glimmer in his eyes, a curve to his lips. He tossed me the bottle. 
“I hear a lot of trouble, Mr. Smith. I’m no philosopher, but I figure you only get that much bitterness with a shit-ton of great moments. You know, the ones you choose to forget. You’re like a gambling addict. But at least they remember the wins. They tell the story of those wins. Trust me, I have some old friends who—“ He smirked. “They like to tell you the wins.”
He had a point. I had been so morose. It was hard not to be, staring out at the same landscape that was once dreadful and unforgiving. 
“I’d venture into that territory more so.”
“It’ll sound like every other romantic tale; we both know that.”
“Do we? Because this particular one won’t be written by everyone else. It’ll be written by you.”
“Which generation are you again? Because it’s that entitled thinking that gets a man in trouble. ‘We can do anything we put our minds to’? Well, Jeffrey, you’ve seen my skill set. How in the hell am I going to rise above the slush?”
“By going back to the basics. What makes a good story?”
I waited.
“Emotion.”
“Good God, Jeffrey. I taste bile … Most of the stuff you’re referring to is garbage. Plastic or cardboard cutouts, whichever you prefer.”
“I’m just trying to help. Though I’ve forgotten why.”
“Hey now, Mr. Sensitivity. The man on the front with the nipples, six-pack, and oiled-and-waxed chest sells copies. Can’t be considered great if it doesn’t get in front of eyes.”
“I don’t think that’s your audience.”
“You might be right,” I said.
My foot broke through a soft spot along the edge of the worked trail, and there was a ping of pain that registered in my ankle. I stopped and rotated my foot, but it cleared. I tested the ankle cautiously afterward, and it was fine. We walked on, and I recognized a lonesome tree along the way with mine and Karen’s names carved in. We were close to camp. 
“Hot chocolate and trail mix, or juice and ham sandwich?”
“Scotch and burgers?”
“I thought we were saving those.”
“Yeah, yeah. Juice and sandwich. I’m not cold.”
I remembered arriving at this exact spot, and it had been a miracle …

***

Past

I couldn’t see by the time we made it to camp. My back was killing me, and my legs were dead weight. My body wanted to drop her, but I wouldn’t let it. A warm tear roll down my cheek as I grunted and moaned in pain, relieved and desperate to shed the 120 pounds off my back and rest. I walked right up to the tent and lowered down slowly. Every joint creaked angrily like an old house as I brought myself to my knees. As I was about to instruct her, she went ahead and braved the pain. 
Using her left foot, she pushed off of the ground and landed on her butt with her bad leg up in the air. The motion was far too jarring, and she howled and groaned into her gloves. I grabbed underneath her armpits from behind and dragged her into the tent, onto our foam mattress.
I scrambled around the tent and vomited. 
“Are you okay?”
“Fine.”
“You’re not fine. I’m sorry.”
“No, really. I’m just out of shape. I feel good now.”
I brought her water, energy bars, and sandwiches. We both ate and drank savagely. 
The wind had been horrible between the shelf and camp, but luckily we were protected by the trees some. Once we came off the trails, we would be completely exposed to the conditions. I didn’t know how we were going to cover the distance. 
We rested in the tent as the wind raged. Tears filled her eyes. “How are we going to make it back?”
“We’ll make it.”
“Should we wait for help?”
“We don’t have the supplies to do that. We can wait until conditions clear, but no more than a couple days. And it’s possible that the storm settles in for longer.”
“What do you think we should do?”
“Rest is important, and so is the opportunity for better conditions. We’ll stay and rest, it’ll clear, and it will be a cake walk back to our vehicle. We’ll stop at a McDonald’s before the hospital.”
That earned me a sweet laugh that debunked her crying. 
“So we have some time …” I raised a brow to keep her in good spirits. “Care to … you know?”
“I couldn’t get the pants down far enough to urinate, so I don’t think that will work. And yeah, I’m covered in piss.”
I had forgotten momentarily and felt bad. 
She saw that. “Lie next to me. Let’s sleep a bit, yeah?”
I lay down and rested my head against hers. She took my hand in hers, and I closed my eyes …

***

I walked through trees and smelled smoke. A thick smog rolled in, and I looked up to find the forest of pines ablaze. The fire roared, and the smoke swam into my lungs. I drowned in it. I moved frantically through the woods as the fire chased me.
I reached an opening and dodged a falling tree that was burnt to a near-crisp. I jumped over it and tripped over myself on the landing. 
Fire caught my arm, and I smacked it out. I ran harder this time. I saw the snowy landscape up ahead. It was there for me, and I couldn’t reach it. 
I couldn’t breathe. The smoke was thick. My eyes burned. I had to close them. I crawled on my hands and knees. 
I felt water. I felt snow. I pushed myself up and sprinted straight ahead, away from the immense heat. I was light and free and safe. When I opened my eyes, the endless snowy fields were a dried-up wasteland. The forest behind me was flame-free. It was just me and the strange desert that went on forever.
The scorched desert soil rumbled with each step I took. I slowed, examined my surroundings. Trees to my right were burned and standing. Trees to my left, burned and standing. I could taste the ash. The dry heat pounded away on me. My throat was dry, and my heart rate, elevated. I wanted to run, but there was nowhere for me to go. I was in hell with no assurances I’d be leaving …
 



















Clearing
Present



Light snow began to tumble like feathers in the wind as we stepped into the open white plains. As I looked up with my tongue out, I saw in my peripheral view that Jeffrey was doing the same. Our eyes met, and we both grinned and returned to our childlike instincts. Standing in front of nothing was serene. I looked back at the birch trees. I would be home soon, and the fact that I no longer missed it as much as I had twelve hours ago pleased me. It was as if I desired to live in the wild for the rest of my life. If I were to do that, I wouldn’t require much money to live. The remainder of my savings could hold on until I died, especially if I sold the house. What did I need the house for anymore? Jeffrey would be upset if I sold it. I didn’t like upsetting him. In reality, he was the only person I had left in the world. If I were to live on the streets, he would force me into his house and would provide for me—against his wife’s wishes. Why was he so loyal to me? I had nothing to give back.
I walked fast. Jeffrey worked hard to keep up. He was smart and knew that pace would never hold, but I had become possessed with the idea of pushing my limits. I was motivated. It had sprung upon me randomly, and I was going to get back to that Jeep for burgers. Come hell or high water, I’d make it. Our snow shoes crunched in the snow, and the sound of my breathing increased in volume with every step. I liked the sound of it. It only fueled my fire as I pushed myself harder.
“It’s been a good push, but we better dial it back.”
I didn’t listen. I kept walking and Jeffrey scrambled in closer to me. “Hey,” he said. “What the hell are you doing?”
“I’m walking.”
“I see that you’re walking. Much too fast!”
I couldn’t stand the sound of his voice. The caution in it enraged me. I had to soldier on, and the last thing I needed was to be told the truth.
“Mr. Smith!”
“What?”
I heard that he had stopped, and I continued at a slower pace, waiting for more words to follow.
“Your life isn’t over.”
I stopped.
“She wouldn’t have liked this sad man you’ve become.”
I didn’t turn to him. My breathing was almost too loud to hear him. But Jeffrey’s deep, booming voice persisted.
“You’re a shell.”
A raven soared above.
“You think she was the only one who knew you?” he said. I watched my breath crawl into the air. “I knew you too.”
I turned to him. “And what did you know?” I asked.
“I knew a man who enjoyed things. A man who didn’t worry about himself. You’ve got these fucking reflectors in front of your eyes. You’re looking inward, and you hate what you see. You pity yourself. Well, guess what? It’s not about you. It’s not all about you! Everyone’s got their problems.”
“Who is it about?”
“It’s not about anyone. You used be fun. This wasn’t that long ago. You paid attention to the world, to friends, to family, to reading. When was the last time you read someone else’s work?”
I didn’t know.
“She’s gone. Karen is gone.”
“She is. Believe me, I know that.”
“When was the last time you read something of mine?”
I didn’t know. “You never ask.”
Jeffrey sighed and stared at his feet. “Slow the fuck down. Follow my pace the rest of the way.”
I didn’t like losing. I wanted to jab back in a way that made some sort of valid point. But there was none to make. “Jeffrey … I’m sorry about all this.”
He paused. He sighed. “Let’s just go. It’s all right.”
“No … I was molding inside of that house.”
He knew. He had that look. He was well aware.
“That’s exactly it. You always know. You do.” 
He grumbled, “No,” but I cut him off. “You’re the only one in my corner. Thank you. Expect a raise after the book launch.”
“Well, shit. If all I had to do was yell at you …”
“Don’t make a habit of it.”
I followed Jeffrey. My breathing had returned to normal, but I felt a strange flutter in my chest. It was similar to acid reflux but different. I suddenly felt faint and nauseas. 
“You good?” Jeffrey asked.
“Yes, let’s just go slower. I don’t know why you were pushing me so hard earlier.”
“Screw you,” he said.
“So vulgar.”
We walked, and I ignored the sickness. “So did you make these burgers, or did your wife?”
“Wife.”
“Thank God. How’s she doing? She was okay with all of this?”

***

Past

The wind ruffled our tent as we sipped our chai tea. We had taken our coats off, and the smell of our bodies was less than pleasant, but we had grown used to it. Karen was pale and still in pain, even though her foot was immobilized. We had tried to lower the boot so I could raise her pants to get a better look at the injury, but there was no way that was happening. The pain was much too strong. 
“I think you were right about Mexico.”
She chuckled. “Don’t you dare taunt me with that.”
“Poolside—”
“No.”
“Tequila.”
“Stop.”
“Tacos. Snorkeling. Parasailing.”
“I hate you.”
“The ability to shower.”
“I would kill you for a shower right now.”
I sipped my tea and looked around our bed at all of our supplies scattered about. “What should we do after we get a cast on that foot?”
Thankfully, she took the question as a guarantee. “I don’t know … I’d like to check out everything Reykjavik has to offer. I’ll crutch some of it, but you’ll have to carry me.”
I laughed. “Yeah, right. We’ll get you a wheelchair.”
“Fine, then.”
“You won’t be eager to get back home?”
“Nope. Good thing I have disability insurance, eh?”
“Will it take effect, considering how you were injured?”
“I’m not sure. I think so.”
“I’m surprised you don’t know. Can you claim disability with a hurt leg? You don’t need your leg to sell insurance.”
“I rarely sell disability. We outsource that. I think there is an acceptable recovery period for the short term. I’m not positive, but I think I could take a couple months off. First thirty days unpaid, next thirty 60 percent of income, I think. I don’t know.”
“Have you worked long enough for them to cobble together an average income?”
“Just the mean of my last twelve months.”
“Sixty days …”
“I hope I’m right.”
“Not liking work?”
“It’s fine. I’ll just appreciate a break after we survive this drawn-out near-death experience.”
“Puerto Vallarta or Cancun?”
“Either.”
“Sounds good.”
We fell silent. 
“I didn’t ask your father for permission.”
“That’s okay. He’ll give it.”
“You so sure about that?”
“He doesn’t really have a choice.” She could see that I was disheartened by the comment. “He likes you. You know he does.”
“Doesn’t change the fact that I don’t have a career.”
“Ten thousand fans and it’s a ‘career.’ ”
“Ten thousand isn’t enough.”
“It’s enough to start.”
“That’s a big number.”
“Nah. Four billion people. Just have to find, like, .0001 percent. Easy peasy.”
“It will be especially easy when your thousand-plus client base is guilt-tripped into buying a copy.”
“That’s the spirit.”
I tucked her greasy hair behind her ear. I kissed her on her bruised lips and then her cheek. 
“What should we do?” she asked.
It had been twenty-four hours, and there were no signs of improvement. If anything, the snowstorm had worsened.
“My concern is … if we ration and wait too long, my body might be low on fuel. Whereas I can eat something now and make the trek with a full belly. Yes, the conditions are still bad, but I have a compass, and it’s all open. We aren’t pushing bush. We just walk east. That’s it. I’m sure we’ll see our trail when the time comes.”
“And what if we can’t? What if we go past it?”
“Hang on.”
I walked outside through the trees and onto the trail. There was enough visibility. Barely.
I returned to the tent with my mind made up. “I think we should go. I don’t like the idea of burning through our food and water here.”
“But someone could come along when it clears.”
“That’s leaving an awful lot up to chance.”
“Okay. We go, then.”
The sun had just come up, so the time was right. With semi-fresh legs in the beginning, we had made the walk in just under eight hours. With Karen on my back now, I feared it would take twice that. We’d be out in the open in the dark.
We packed everything up and made the painful transition of getting her on my back.








Good Old Boys
Present



Her usual customers were into another night shift. Their drinking pace had been particularly inspired that night. Though their charming idiocy had garnered a few laughs, Royce still needed fresh air. She circled the block in the thick snowfall and nearly slipped and fell. She had caught herself just in time and continued on. She lit a joint instead of a cigarette – her second of the night – and in short time the sidewalk began to move like a magic carpet. Doctor Nagy hadn’t been joking. The potency was more than enough. She thought of a joke she’d heard a while ago. It was something about a bull frog. She couldn’t recall the beginning, middle, or end, but it didn’t matter; she laughed hysterically.
The snow was coming down with ferocity. She couldn’t see a damned thing. But she heard something. The sound came from behind her. Panic set in and she picked up her pace while sneaking the occasional peak over her shoulder. Her visibility was entirely compromised by the snow. She heard it again. Footsteps approaching, crunching in the sticky snow.
She wanted to move faster but the sidewalk wouldn’t let her. She couldn’t find her balance as her speed-walk transitioned into a clumsy trot. The footsteps continued behind her. She no longer looked back as she feared she would see the man within an arm’s reach; the one that had entered Flint’s a few nights ago. He had been terrifying.
After a strenuous attempt at sprinting, her legs found level ground, and she ran. Royce was flying. A spirited rage burned as she ran harder than she’d ever run before. She felt like she could run forever without tiring. Within seconds, she was inside Flint’s Bar, door closed and locked behind her. 
The old boys stared at her with narrowed brows. She turned back to the diamond shaped glass in the old red door and saw no one. He was gone. 

***

There was skinny Pete, who was joyfully fat and had the most girlish laugh that’s ever been heard. There was Harry, who was the grouch that kept the other two honest, often calling bullshit followed by a grunt and a guzzle of beer. There was Benjamin, the intellect of the group, though he put his smarts largely to useless trivia. His “did you know?” facts often sparked dynamic, yet unsophisticated, conversation.
After an hour or two of beer drinking, Royce’s face hurt from smiling. “Fancy some Mary, gentlemen?” Royce revealed a joint.
“I always fancy a Mary. But I’ll take that weed off you,” replied Benjamin.
Skinny Pete’s giggle sent Royce into a laughing frenzy. “Hardy-har-har,” Royce said, though she wasn’t finished with her laughter.
“Let me ask you a question,” started Benjamin while he lit the joint. “How come you never sit with us like this?”
“I’m always with you guys,” she replied.
“Not like this you ain’t.”
“Oh, leave the girl alone, Benjamin. She’s young and beautiful. Why you think?” asked Harry.
“Back it up there chief—“she stopped herself from going on the offensive and accepted Harry’s last comment. “I wouldn’t call myself young. You boys are just that old.”
“She’s cruel, this one,” said Pete. 
“Tell me something, Royce. What you doing in this bar? Shouldn’t you be finished college? You should be a doctor or something.”
“Definitely not a doctor.”
“What should you be then?”
She despised saying it aloud, but she was drunk and stoned and tired. “A writer.”
“A writer, hey?” skinny Pete replied with falsified intrigue. 
“What are you writing for? There’s a whole stupid world out there,” said Harry. “Why write when you could live?”
“Guess I’m wired wrong.” She took a big gulp of her beer.
“That’s a shame. You’re a bright young woman. Smart. Easy on the eyes. Go do something great. Something smart,” Harry persisted. 
“She’s having fun. She should take it all in while she’s young and healthy. Nothing wrong with bartending and playing around with the writing. She’s got the rest of her life to be boring. You’re just narrow-minded, Harry.”
“There’s no pride in making an honest living anymore. People don’t want to work a profession. They want to invent the next thing or make videos on the social Facebook. Piss on it, I say.”
“The what now?” Royce asked with a smirk.
“You know,” replied Harry with a head nod at no one in particular.
Royce stared at Benjamin who sat across from her. He had remained oddly quiet. 
“Benjy. Care to weigh in?”
“What do these two know?”
“I’d like your opinion.”
“On what exactly?”
“Am I wasting my life?”
“We didn’t mean that—“ Royce waved off Pete.
An intense silence grabbed hold of the bar. 
“Ah hell, tell a joke or something, Peety.”
“Answer the question, Benjy.”
“You aren’t wasting a thing. You’re doing just fine.”
“Benjy. Come on.”
“I don’t know you. Not really. Seems like you’ve accepted your lot in life. I don’t know what you should be doing, where you should be, but you deserve a hell of a lot better than to be judged by three old fools barking about nothing good over beer and whisky every Thursday, Friday, and Saturday night. If you’re happy now, what’s the worry? Tomorrow can wait.”
Harry grumbled and Skinny Pete’s splendid smirk dissipated.
“Maybe. Or maybe I’ve trapped myself here. Too scared to leave or some shit.”
“Maybe you’d feel that way in any place?”
“Maybe.”
Royce ran her finger over a sticky patch on the table. The silence was broken by Skinny Pete’s burp.
Benjamin had caught her off guard. She had grown used to overhearing him spewing and often altering random facts to his own benefit. Staring at the faces of old men, her heart ached.
“Hey,” said Benjamin. “Did you know it’s physically impossible to lick your elbow?”
Royce chortled away the possibility of tears. Then she laughed harder as Skinny Pete attempted to sneak a taste of his elbow but to no avail. 
She tried herself and came up short. After several more “Did you know” facts and one hearty debate about almond milk, the boys were tired. 
“Time to hit the hay,” said Harry.
“I second that,” said Benjamin. 
“Ah, come on you cowards. Next round is on me.”
“Sorry, my dear. You’ve officially outdrank us. Savor the win.”
A hand to the shoulder, one pat the head, and they were gone. She ensured the door was locked and peered out the window for a while, expecting the dangerous man lurking in the darkness to reveal himself. 
After half an hour of standing by the window, she dismissed the notion that she had been chased, and she went to bed. 

	

























Attack
Present



I couldn’t breathe. Soon, my feet refused to lift off of the compact snow, forcing me to a stop. Jeffrey ceased and glanced up at the sun, then behind him. We would have made it back in time had it not been for me. The heartburn worsened and crawled up into my throat. Even my jaw hurt. It was all enough to distract me from the pain in my knees and my lower back. My back had held up surprisingly well, considering my spondylolisthesis, which had developed arthritis over the years. It was an injury that had occurred at a young age from no specific incident I could recall. My L5 had been displaced, and the bone wall inside had been fractured, never allowing it to return back to place. Due to this, the L5 and L4 would grind at an improper angle for years. The arthritis became noticeable around age forty and slowly progressed with time. Some days, I felt like a brand-new man; some days, I was just shy of a cripple. 
“Let’s sit here for a second.” Jeffrey laid out his tiny beach chair and sat me down in it. I didn’t resist his request, as I was focused on catching my breath. I realized for the first time that Jeffrey had lugged all supplies, excluding my camo pack. Between the tent, our food and drinks, and the small chair, he had quite the back-full. 
“You must be tired,” I mustered enough strength to whisper.
“I’m a little gassed. Quick break will be fine.”
The area we had traveled was circular and far both north and south towards trees. The circular portion was about halfway to our destination. At the halfway mark, it bottled up, and the small valleys and trees neared us on both sides the closer we got to our Jeep. It was a relief to notice the trees were close enough to reach—probably within a half hour to an hour of walking. 
My breathing regulated somewhat, but I struggled to take in deep inhales. The hot pain in my chest continued with less intensity. 
“Are you in pain?”
“Just got some wicked heartburn. This last stint did a number on me too.”
“I didn’t realize you had troubles with heartburn. I didn’t pack any Zantac for you.”
“I usually don’t. Once in a while, maybe.”
I winced in pain. My heart was tapping away, desperate.
“You’re not okay,” said Jeffrey.
“I just need a minute.”
“Tell me where it’s hurting.”
“Chest. Throat. Jaw …” Then I felt it in my arm. I didn’t want to admit it.
“And your arm?” Jeffrey said alarmingly.
I nodded.
“Christ. You’re having a heart attack.”
“About time.”
Sheer panic wiped across Jeffrey’s face. He looked around, as if to assess some sort of plan that would get me to safety. 
“There’s only one thing we can do,” I said. 
“I know.” Jeffrey dropped everything into the snow and retrieved all of the water bottles and food. He shoved it all into the top of my bag. 
“What are you doing?” I asked. 
“Get on my back.”
“How in the hell will that help anything? I’ll walk.” I shifted in my chair and stood. My legs trembled underneath me. “Pick up your shit. Let’s get a move on.” I walked ten steps and was brought down to one knee. A cold sweat commenced. 
Jeffrey moved ahead and threw both of my weak arms around his shoulders, then hoisted me up. He was incredibly strong and burly. I could feel the power transferring from his legs to his wide back as he hoisted me. 
“A little dramatic, don’t you think?”
“Only you would joke while having a heart attack.”
“You shouldn’t tell me I’m having a heart attack. You should be acting calmer. Freaking me out will only make it worse.”
“Because you seem extremely worried about this.”
“We’re almost three hours away, and that’s without me on your back.”
“You’re a skinny old man. I’ll walk faster.”
I couldn’t believe how he worked. Jeffrey was a machine. Each stride propelled him along faster. He muttered something under his breath over and over, but I couldn’t hear what it was. The light snow had stopped. Not far to our left, I could see our footprints from before. The snow was thin and icy, and his snowshoes spiked the ground well. Traction wasn’t an issue for Jeffrey. Nothing was. 
My entire body was damp and cold. My breathing was weak, but steady. The weakness had spread throughout my body, and I was too tired to be scared for my life. In the distance I could see two foxes—blended with the snow—run off into the trees. Silence was much more sublime outside than indoors. I had forgotten that. 
“We need music,” I whispered. 
“Oh yeah? How about a foot rub too?”
“Should I sing?”
“I feel like you’re gonna sing anyway.”
I proceeded to sing ‘The Beach Boys’ “Good Vibrations” in a feeble whisper. I sung it poorly and ran out of steam. I began to shiver violently. It felt as though my chest was filled with hot lead. 
“We’re making good time. I need you to quit being a pussy and hang in there, Mr. Smith.”
“Please, call me Mr. Smith.”
A chortle reverberated through his back and into my chest. 
“What would I do without you, Jeffrey?”
He didn’t answer with something funny. He didn’t answer at all. 
“Exactly,” I said. 
The snow crunched, and I rested my head on his shoulder. His upper body remained steady, his legs working overtime …

***

Past

We were utterly blind. The snowfall was conjoined with all else, and my greatest worry had become a reality. I was so tired of hearing my own grunts and strenuous breathing. The cold was all over me now. I ventured that the temperature had dropped at least 10 degrees Celsius. My tuque had ridden upward, and I felt Karen pull it back down over my cold earlobes. Then she placed her hands over my ears to warm them. 
The wind roared into our faces, and it took great effort just to shout out conversation. What does one think about in such a drawn-out situation? I should have had my next book written, but I could never stay on track. My mind would wander to life’s pleasures: food, warmth, fortune and fame, sex.
There were no other options for survival. There was no living in the bush, making tools from what nature offered, making fires from scratch and hunting with those tools. None of that would happen. There was no prey around for us, not that we would be able to capture it anyway. All we had was water, four more granola bars, a little jerky, and a box of crackers. It was enough to prevent us from pressing the panic button, but at the rate I was going, it was borderline, at best.
My back ached and so did my neck from Karen’s grip. She cried out less, and the whimpering had slowed up. She was likely too exhausted and had built up some tolerance for the pain. I was making good time, but I could sense that it wouldn’t hold up. The added weight and wind against me was making it unbearable. 
“You’re doing so well,” Karen said into my ear.
“Thanks, dear.”
My foot broke through a soft spot with some depth, and I plunged down to my left knee, far enough that Karen’s foot made contact sharply into the ground. She screamed like I had never heard before. I was stuck, and there was nothing I could do to relieve her pain. She dropped off of my back into the snow while keeping her right foot above ground level, and as soon as her back hit, she cried out again. I scrambled to her side. 
Karen held both hands over her face and cried. I retrieved the water and a granola bar. Once her pain subsided, I sat at her head and lifted her into my lap. I fed her water and half of the granola bar in small bites, then popped the remaining half into my own mouth. After we chewed our halves down, we sat in silence. 
“Is it still bad?”
She nodded, of course. “We can rest here for a second?”
“Just a few minutes, okay?”
We sat with the destruction of the storm and pulled our ski masks back up. 
She pulled hers back down a minute later. “It’s completely dislocated. It’s so tight in my boot.”
“You still have sensation?”
“Yes, it still hurts like a bitch.”
“Taking it out of the boot would—”
“Oh, trust me. There’s no way. I’d rather cut my leg off half-way up, away from it.”
“I don’t have a saw.”
Karen looked at her lame foot that she had let settle gently onto the ground. 
“You’re gonna have to do some work to get onto my back,” I said.
“I can’t.”
“I pick you up in the front, and you’ll have to climb around to my back. Will that be easier for you?”
“I think so. Can’t you just carry me the other way?”
“No, I can’t.”
She closed her eyes. 
“I’m sorry. This is the only way. I need my legs doing the work.”
“Promise me you won’t fall through the snow again?”
“I can’t promise that.”
“I don’t know if I can do that again.”
“I know, I know. I’m sorry. But if we wait around much longer, we’ll be buried in snow. It’s already getting bad.”
We stared into each other’s eyes for a moment. We didn’t say anything. 
I sighed, stood, knelt, and placed her hands around my shoulders, my arms underneath her upper back and under her rear. I hoisted her up. 
I walked on, into the storm. Surviving was no longer a sure thing. 



Grit
Present



Bobbing along on Jeffrey’s thick back, I could feel the power leaving his legs. He was struggling but refused to speak of it. Heavy sighs would escape his lips more frequently, and I requested multiple times he stop, but he didn’t reply. The tips of my fingers were tingling, and my mouth was dry. My voice had fallen to a pitiful whisper, and I was cold and clammy. I tapped him on the cheek, and he stopped, stood upright, and handed me the water bottle. I was in an awkward position and was disheartened to find that I didn’t have the strength to feed myself water. Jeffrey leaned forward and shuffled me up, then held the bottle to my lips at a better angle.
The sky remained clear, and the sun shone brightly. I had been on his back too long. The pain in my chest had quieted, the throbbing pain now more prominent in my arm and shoulder. The trees had narrowed significantly on both sides, indicating that we were not far from the Jeep. I still wanted a burger, but it was doubtful we would stick around for a grill. I’d ask for Scotch once we got into the Jeep. Just a little warm-up before the hospital and potential resuscitation.
The ache was in my side and back now, and I couldn’t imagine the discomfort that Jeffrey was enduring. But he didn’t stop. I was not surprised by his drive. There was a loyalty that ran deep, and I wondered what I had done to deserve it. I was no icon of writers. I was midlist, at best—the kind that sort of made a living, if one required only beer and no name-brand potato chips to live. 
“Jeffrey, you need to stop and rest.” It took considerable strength to speak.
He spoke between huffs. “Almost there.”
We carried on, and I heard him whisper multiple times, “Almost there. Almost there.” He was possessed. If I were to die on his back, he would still drag me back to civilization in good time. 
The glare off the snow had bothered me for a while, so I allowed myself to close my eyes. It was difficult to open them back up. Life was fading, and I welcomed it. I wished that I wished to fight it, but it was too damn easy. 
Across the mouth from tree line to tree line was a mink. It perked up, glanced at us, and took off into the trees …

***
Past

It was pitch black, and the storm was having its way with us. I constantly checked the compass to ensure I hadn’t ventured off course. The snow was so thick and fast that it was playing tricks with my mind. I would become periodically hypnotized by the movement, and it caused me to lose my grasp on reality. I would forget where I was, why I was there; I’d think I was dreaming or travel into past memories from my childhood. I was scattered, but would always return to the snowstorm, Karen whimpering on my back, my feet sinking deeper into the powder that continued to mount.
How long had I been walking without stopping? I checked my watch: three hours. There was much more darkness to trek, and my knees had buckled multiple times, but I managed to keep Karen upright on my back. If I were to collapse, the pain might have killed her. 
The snow was deep enough that with each step, my entire boot would go under. My legs burned beyond anything I could have ever imagined.
I stopped. 
I reached into my pants pocket and pulled out an energy bar. I ate all of it. I wasn’t sure if that was a wise choice, but I couldn’t help myself. I pulled out the water bottle from my breast pocket and took a large gulp. Every movement was difficult with her bodyweight challenging my center of gravity. I fed the rest slowly to Karen over my shoulder, and then I bent over to scoop it full with snow, my body begging me to give in and collapse. While bending over, I nearly fainted as the blood rushed to my head. I straightened and felt Karen’s hands slide from my neck. I grabbed her wrists, and she adjusted herself. “How much farther?” she asked. 
“We’re almost there. Just hang on a little longer.” 
We were halfway, at best. 
Walking head-on into the blinding snowscreen provided the optical illusion that I was driving the USS Enterprise, and the snow resembled light that we were traveling faster than. For the first time since the shelf, I felt a full bladder. I couldn’t stop and mess with my jacket and pants; I would have either had to remove Karen from my back or spend considerable time adjusting. Instead, I released and felt the hot urine flow down my legs. I continued to trudge through the deep snow. We were children, scared in the dark, waiting for the monsters to come.
“Are you awake, Karen?”
“Yes.”
“We have now both pissed our pants. How many people approaching thirty can say that?”
“More of my friends than I care to admit.”
“On the plus side, there aren’t any wolves.”
“That’s true.”
For much of the duration, I had felt Karen’s grip loosen and then tighten abruptly as her body wanted so badly to pass out. Her voice was weak, and she was struggling to stay awake. “Karen?”
She didn’t reply. 
“Karen?”
“Yeah?”
I wanted to talk to distract my delirious mind, but my ragged breathing was much too heavy. “Never mind. You’re doing great. We are gods.”
“Teleport us the hell out of here, then.”
“I’m working on it, honey.”
“I know that.”
An image burned in my skull: We were half-covered in snow, curled up in one another’s arms. The sky had cleared, and the wind was gone; the vantage point was from above, and we were in the middle of the valley, dead and gone.
I blinked away the negativity and held onto the belief that I would return home to a new life with my new wife. She would become the most trustworthy financial advisor in the Midwest, and I would be a stay-at-home dad. We would get a hot tub. I would strike gold on the plane ride home: a bestseller. Life would be good to us because we had asked politely. 
My leg buckled, and I jerked to my left to catch my weight, along with hers. She cried out, probably more in fear of the pain, and I felt a tearing sensation in my lower stomach. I pressed my right foot two more inches into solid ground and lifted myself up with an agonized moan. My stomach pulsed. It was intense, but I ignored it and continued into the black and white …

 














Deliverance
Time unknown



I was barely lucid. The faintness had found its home in me. The blood was gone from my face and gone from my heart. Jeffrey’s shoulders were hard like rocks, and his haggard breathing was a discouraging sound. The sun dropped in the distance with pink hues that made me think of the desert. Bless the mild temperature we had traveled in, for the scorch of desert would have burned us dead and to a crisp hours ago. There was no predator to evade, no steep terrain to scale, no river to find for water, no bad men tracking to eliminate our existence; there was only flatness and torment to endure. The snowy landscape had become a beast, a David versus Goliath battle in the midst, and I had already lost, while Jeffrey battled to keep us with this world.
I leaned forward, and the face I saw did not belong to Jeffrey. I did not know this man. It was as though I had passed him once in an airport or a mall, never to see him again, leaving the image of his face buried somewhere in the waste bin of my brain. But there he was, somehow retrieved, and for some reason carrying me. “Who are you?” I asked.
He chortled and hiked me up, as I had begun to sag down his back. He didn’t reply. The place we were was no longer there. We were outside still, and it was bright, and the ground was strikingly green. I felt giddy, like a child. I wanted to go on an adventure for treasure. If that wasn’t an option, I wanted to play hide-and-seek. I loved hide-and-seek. I would always find the cleverest spots. 
Why on earth was I on this man’s back? “Who are you?” I asked.
“They call me Adam. And you?”
“Austin. Austin Smith.”
“Pleasure to meet you.”
I tried to look around, but the sun was too bright. I could smell freshly cut grass, and I could hear babbling water. “Why are you carrying me?”
“You just got tired, that’s all. Nothing to worry about, Mr. Smith.”
“And I am to believe that you are simply a Good Samaritan?
“Believe it.”
“Put me down.”
“I can’t do that.” The man who called himself Adam was wheezing. I wished he could feel better. I wanted to find the water that was nearby. I wanted him to drink first, then me. 
“Please. We can skip rocks at the river. Do you know where it is?”
He stopped in his tracks. His face was terrified at my mention of the river. “We can’t go to the river,” he said fearfully, eyes wide. He blinked slowly as if to remove the idea from his mind. 
“Why not? What’s there?”
“Nothing good,” he replied.
My knuckles ached something fierce. I wanted to walk but knew on some level that I wasn’t supposed to leave his back. “Can you let me down?” I asked.
“I’m sorry. I can’t.” Adam was angry. 
I wanted to protest, but I kept my mouth shut. Although I feared Adam, I trusted the strange man. 
I hung on for a long time, hours probably. Adam gave me water and talked to me about a bar he owned. He said he liked his bar. The heat from the sun was becoming too much, and I wanted to take off my clothes, but Adam forced me to keep it all on. Suddenly, I was overcome with worry. There was something I had to do, something I had to complete, but what was it? “Am I dreaming?”
“You are.”
“Am I dead?”
“Not yet.”
“Well then … We have time?”
“Nothing but.”
“Tell me about yourself, then. Where do you hail from? Who’s your favorite ball team?”

***
Past

The snow slowed from blistering speed to semi-hectic. I had only pieces of visibility and could see trees to each side of me. A very encouraging sign, indeed.
The temperature remained well below freezing, and my extremities were numb. I pulled my tuque down low and did the same for Karen. Her nose was bright red, and it appeared she was asleep, but her grip held. I placed my hands around her wrists to ensure she’d remain on my back. 
After some time, I reached into my pocket and dug around for my compass. My fingers twirled around inside, but it was not there. I searched the other, and it wasn’t there either. I reached into my right pants pocket, and that’s when my right foot didn’t raise high enough. I fell face-first into the snow and heard no screaming from Karen. Her arms remained wrapped around my neck, and I felt her shiver against me. I tried to rise again, but it all went black, and I slipped through to the unconscious side. 
I woke to Karen slapping my face. 
“Your ankle!” I shouted.
“I’m fine.” The tips of her black hair were ice, and her nose was beet red, her cheeks pale. She lay on her side beside me, half submerged in the powdery snow. She gave me water and filled the bottle back up with snow. I was alert again, and a thought sprung forth. We were close enough that a detour into the trees may be the correct step toward survival. “We could start a fire, set up the tent, rest, finish our food, and make one last charge. The storm will cruise on by, and we will make it.”
She closed her frosty eyes and shook her head. “We don’t have enough. I’m fine. You finish the last two energy bars. I just need water. You’ll get us there. I know you will.”
She agreed to eat half of the first bar, and we set out with a painful hoist. She settled on my back, and I started again. I knew it would be hell on earth. My knees flared, and the tear in my stomach shot wrathful flashes of pain with each step. I could feel my intestines pushing through the rip.
The depth of the snow proved too difficult, as my legs were gone. The effort and pain in my side just to bring my leg back up through the snow was torturous. I could not go on. The finish line taunted me. I stopped, and before Karen could whisper, I jammed my thumb into my stomach. I gritted my teeth, and the pain receded from the pressure applied. I walked on with unswerving high steps, the fuck with it all, I would not be beaten by something so straightforward. I would get her to safety. 
The snow was relentless. Mother Nature didn’t care about us. The inspiring burst lasted a good twenty minutes. 
The next twenty, I gutted out. 
The next twenty broke me. 
The next twenty, I was frightened.
And sometime after, I collapsed …

***

Time unknown

The desert soil was cracked and weaved in and out into the distance until it lined itself up with the amber sun halfway gone. The sky was filled with crimson ripples around the glowing amber. The heat was getting to me, but I remained at peace with everything. Adam refused my request to the river yet again, but allowed me to walk beside him. I wanted to go on an adventure, but he had such stubborn tunnel vision. He was on a mission that I wanted no part of. There was an elephant in the room of our open and dry landscape, but I was fearful of asking him and even more fearful of the answers that may have been revealed.
I saw my first cactus, and it took everything I had not to go wild with fanatical giddiness. I wanted to touch the pokey things. I pointed it out, and Adam shrugged me off, as if even the slightest distraction could mean our gruesome demise. “You’re the definition of a buzzkill.” 
His mouth bridged into a half smile, and mine was full.
“I hear there are naked women at the river. They have beer and a life jacket for you.”
“I can swim,” he said.
“With your attitude, I figured you’d sink.”
He chuckled. “You’re so strange.”
“I’m not strange. You’re strange.”
He handed me a canister of water, and I took one healthy gulp and handed it back. I noticed to my right that we were accompanied by Amazon vegetation. The mismatch of landscapes didn’t bother me any. Desert, jungle, ice, fire, rain—I didn’t care. I was confident and unencumbered. “It could be worse, Adam.”
“How’s that?”
“We could be traveling alone on opposite ends of the earth.”
“That’s true.” He gulped at the canister feverishly and wiped his mouth with a sigh. “What are your plans when you get home?” he asked me.
“I think I’d like to go fishing. But first I want a burger and a chocolate milkshake.”
“That sounds good. Who are you going to fish with?”
“You free, by chance?”
“I’ll have to check my schedule.”
“If you could shuffle things around, that’d be all right.”
He analyzed our position as he became fixated with the shape of the bush line. He checked his compass and seemed satisfied with our whereabouts, though I didn’t know why, as there was nothing fun for us to do there, although I had to admit that it was beautiful. 
“You got that camera of yours on you?” I asked. “Nice sunrise.”
“I must have left it at home.”
“That’s a big miss.”
He tilted his head to the side. “Karen won’t be joining you fishing?”
“Karen isn’t a fan of boats. She’s not feeling so well anyway.”
“Oh, that’s too bad. Sorry to hear that.”
“Don’t be so glum, chum. Let’s hightail it to that river and get some girlies for ya.”
“That sounds really good. But we’ve gotta get home. Milkshakes and burgers on me.”
I was disappointed, but then remembered that there was always tomorrow. Perhaps, I could convince him to try waterskiing if the fish weren’t biting. 
“I guess I’ll settle for that.”
A red fox crossed in front of us. Her coat was full. “You sure you don’t have that camera packed?”


Final Steps
Past



I could hear crackling, and my face began to burn. I turned, and my cheek touched something cold, easing the hot singe that had scalded me. My eyes opened weakly, and it all came back to me. At first I thought I was hot from the nearby fire, but when I tried to move, my arms felt like they were attached to twenty-pound dumbbells. My stomach swirled, and I rose to my knees and retched, a sharp jab in my guts trapping my voice in my throat, the pain preventing me from flexing my abdomen to cry out. I carefully unzipped my jacket and lowered my pants. The swelling in my lower stomach was obscene, colored black, and sensitive to touch anywhere around the injury.
Karen.
Where was she?
I rolled over and noticed the tent had been set up, blocking me from the oncoming gale-force wind. The front side had been left open for the fire to be close by. She had set up camp. But how?
She had trekked to the bush, collected kindling for a fire (there was a small stack next to me), set up the tent, started the fire—all on a destroyed ankle and God knew what other injuries. Panicked, I rose to my feet and limped around the tent. There were tracks toward the trees and back to our site, then tracks on course with our path back to safety. She had left to get help. Somehow. I had to catch up with her.
By my estimation, based on the width between confluences of tree lines, we were a three-hour walk with healthy bodies in peak shape (or the beginnings of a hike). It would be double—at least—in both of our current states. We had traveled forever, and forever remained. 
She wouldn’t have made it very far. I would catch up with her soon. We would split the last of the granola bar, and we would continue on as planned. The storm would leave us be, and I would walk directly into the sun. We would forget this nightmare ever existed. 
As suspected, there were footprints to the left, on the right side steady, often segmented wisps of oval shapes from the toe of her boot dragging gingerly atop the fresh snow. What a beautifully stubborn and driven woman she was. She was hellbent on saving my ass. I’d be flattered, if it weren’t for the crippling fear that she was dead in the snow. It was treachery. That was the only word to describe it: goddamn treachery.
Time was exponentially longer, and I was already growing delirious again; I could simply feel it settling in. Shadows played with the snow, sounds echoed as if I were still on the mountain, groans of various pitches sounded off in the distance, eyes leered at me from beyond the trees … I welcomed the distraction. I needed more distraction …

***


Time unknown

I was being chased by a tribe unknown. They had bows, spears, and hatchets. I had an encouraging head start, but they would retreat to their village, round up the horses, and pursue hard and fast. I had little time. The woman who spoke my language would vouch for me. She would convince them to let me live. We would return back to camp and eat hot stew and drink ale. The winter would be gone before we knew it, and the smells of summer would eliminate all worry …

***

Present

“You still with me, Mr. Smith?” Jeffrey’s voice vibrated. 
I blinked slowly and returned to planet Earth. My wrists ached from being held so firmly by Jeffrey. I couldn’t move if I wanted. My body was dead, my energy only sufficient enough to keep my eyes open in short spans. I was dying but not yet dead. My chest still hurt but not as sharply as the original attack. Each cold inhale certainly didn’t “tickle,” as my dear mother used to say. Jeffrey’s wheeze was dreadful, and I worried that he may have an attack himself. 
“Did we go past it?” he asked himself out loud. 
I sure hoped we hadn’t. I wanted to live.

***

Time unknown

I welcomed the warmth; however, my throat was dry, and I needed more water. The man who called himself Adam had a bottle of water on his hip. I tried to request a sip, but I couldn’t speak. We walked for what seemed like an eternity, though it was likely about an hour. Finally, he turned his head and fed me water without me having to ask. It was remarkable. It was the single greatest thing ever to exist. It satisfied me like I’d never been satisfied before. 
There was a batch of cacti to our right. I could hear running water coming from the left. 
My voice returned. “Let’s go to the river.”
“What?”
“The river. Can you hear it?”
“There is no river.”
“Bullshit. Clean your ears out.”
“You’re hearing things.”
“You’re not hearing. You’re choosing not to hear,” I said.
“Yeah. Maybe that’s true,” he muttered.
The cracks in the red soil widened the farther we went. They made me think of earthquakes. One rumbler, and that crack would open wide, swallow us whole. Where would we go?
I was getting hot again. “We have to go. I can’t take this fucking heat.”
“We’re almost there.”
“Where?”
“Home.”
I didn’t know where “home” was anymore. I didn’t have any desires for home. The river was where I needed to be. First, it would revitalize my body. I envisioned myself stripping down and jumping in—that cold rush that travels up your spine into your armpits and lights up your mind. The energy that would follow …
After the initial rush, I would float on my back and stare at the sky. I’d float there until nightfall. I’d watch the stars. Adam would cook supper …
Absent of thought, a thought would arrive—answers I didn’t know I was searching for. The river would make everything clear. It would tell me everything I needed to know. I wanted to know everything. I needed to know everything.
“We have to go,” I urged.
“We’re going.”
“You’re not listening to me, Adam.”
“You’re not listening to me, Mr. Smith.”
“The river is not far. We don’t have to stay the night. Just trust me.”
“What is so important about this river?”
“It’s cold. And it will tell us something.”
“What will it tell us?”
“I don’t know. We can’t know. Not until we go there.”
“Sounds rather superstitious for you.” 
“Just put me down. I’ll go myself.”
“You can’t go anywhere by yourself. You’ll die.”
“There’s no dying at the river.”
“That’s enough!”
I turned my head away from Adam’s enraged face. I was so angry. I pulled my arms free and fell back to the ground. A burst of cold ran down my neck.
I tried to move, but I couldn’t. 
“Fuck! You stubborn …”
Adam bent over and scooped me up like I was a ragdoll. He slung me over his shoulders, and we moved forward. Then to the right—away from the river.

***
 
The next thing I recalled was the radio playing and the engine roaring to life. Jeffrey’s hand touched my neck, then my wrist. He cursed. Tires turned over rocks and snow. 
















Hospital
Present



Jeffrey carried me through the hospital sliding doors of the main entrance. It was embarrassing, but I didn’t have the energy to protest. He glided up to the front desk and very calmly and cordially said, “Hi, he had a heart attack four and a half hours ago. He needs help right now.”
We were ushered to emergency, and I was laid down on a table. A pillow was tucked under my head. I didn’t have to wait for any drugs to enter my system; I was warm, and I was gone …

***

Past

In the distance I spotted Karen lying in the snow. I tried to sprint, but the sharp razors in my side kept me at the same speed. I walked the remaining distance and dropped to her side. I put my ear to her mouth. She was still breathing. I retrieved my water bottle and put it to her lips. Her eyes blinked, and she received the water slowly. 
“You pulled a fast one on me,” I said.
“You didn’t leave me much choice, now did you?”
“You have no foot.”
“I won’t after this.” 
“Are you cold?”
She sat up and nodded. 
“You made it over an hour’s worth. We should go back to the tent you set up. I’ll get the fire going for you this time. Come on. Let’s get warm.”
She shook her head no. “We can’t go back. It’ll take everything we have to go back. We’ll die there.”
“Then we’ll hunt rabbits in the bush like Elmer Fudd.”
“The only way is forward. You know that.”
She was right, but I didn’t want to know pain anymore. I wanted the fire and rest. “I don’t know if I can.”
“You have to.”
I pulled out the energy bar and offered her the remainder. She took a bite and pushed the rest toward my mouth. 
“Okay,” I started. “Get on my back.”
“No, I’m used to the pain. Support my good side for balance.” She tossed her arm over my shoulder. “Like a two-and-a-half-legged race, yeah?”
We continued on, and it seemed to work. She told me to ignore all sounds and curses coming out of her mouth. She said that I was no use to either of us if I collapsed again. She said that one more fall and we’d stay down. 
I thought a lot about what we hadn’t been able to find on the other side of that mountain. I wished we’d had more time to explore it all. There were springs and waterfalls intersecting many of those mountains, some of which were well-traveled by popular tours. Ours was farther west, so there was likely less to see—in a more obvious way, that is. The Arctic fox had been a gorgeous find, and I was glad I had captured her staring into the camera.
I continuously looked to the right side, waiting for our arrival that I knew would not come for at least two hours yet. I was worried we would miss it. The ridge upon which our vehicle was parked was not easily visible, and the trail didn’t consist of a wide opening. I became certain we’d passed it. But that should have been the least of my concerns, based on my watch. We needed to pick up our pace. 
“Karen, I’m gonna go a little faster. You want to get on my back?”
She refused and hobbled alongside me, grunting along the way. Her face was turning gray, and the dark circles under her eyes frightened me more than anything else could. Our bodies moved rigidly through the deep snow. It was too deep for her, and it didn’t take long before we switched back to the piggy-back position. I walked slowly through the night with a gut full of pain and legs filled with lead.
Two hours went by.
I thought I heard a vehicle in the distance.
Another hour went by. I had to stop and vomit. My stomach felt wrong. This was no longer pain or affliction. My body was breaking down. 
Another round of vomiting. This time, there was blood. 
I was worried we had passed our trail. Then I saw a pattern in the trees that looked familiar. Only a vision such as that would be memorable in the beginning of the trip, not somewhere in the middle. We must have been close. How close, though?
The snow went away, but so did everything else. I couldn’t see snow. I couldn’t see anything.
Karen’s breath was no longer warming my neck …

***

Present

The lamp next to my bed provided enough light as my weary eyes opened and focused in on Jeffrey. He smiled lightly and set his magazine next to the lamp. “How are you feeling?” he asked.
“Good as gold.”
“That’s good to hear. You look terrible.”
“So do you.”
“Lugging your old ass wasn’t easy. The holiday weight started early, eh?”
“You kick an old man while he’s down? Can’t say I’m surprised. How about you give my catheter a tug? No? Maybe find an old lady, push her out of her wheelchair?”
“Good to see the heart attack didn’t drain all of the blood from your head.”
I chuckled, and it hurt like a bitch.
“Take it easy.” He spiked a juice box with a straw and handed it over. “Are you in pain?”
“No. Not even registering compared to that shitshow out there. I thought I’d lost you for a bit, Jeffrey.”
“ ‘Lost’ me?”
“God was playing tricks on me.”
“He’s a bit of a prick sometimes.”
“Sure is. I would imagine this was a test,” I said sarcastically, but Jeffrey arched his eyebrow with intrigue.
“Maybe. Or maybe this is all an illusion.”
“I like that theory better,” I said.
I exhaled some sadness that crept into my throat and took a sip of the apple juice. 
“I don’t know if your recovery will involve burgers and milkshakes. Probably what got you here in the first place,” he said.
“Damn, that does sound good. I like the way you think. Screw the rules; we’re feasting once I’m out of this hell hole.”
“The ‘hell hole’ that saved your ass.”
“Right you are. I’m wiped.”
“I’ll let you sleep.”
“No, no. I don’t want to sleep. Just restless.”
“You want something to read?”
“No … I don’t know what I want.”
We sat in silence, and a nurse came and checked on me. She had kind eyes and a big ass. 
Jeffrey leaned back in his chair and cracked his neck with a twist. He stared at the wall. I was worried he’d leave me again. I wished I could get inside that man’s head and know his truths. He had always been troubled since I’d known him. Often sad. Some people were just like that, I supposed. I had been the epitome of sadness for quite some time, so who was I to talk? Even when I was happy I was trapped in gloom, like sticky mud. 
Jeffrey surprised me with quiet words. “Were you scared?”
“Shitless. You?”
“Yeah … Were you scared of dying?”
I took a second to contemplate that one. “I wasn’t.”
“Why?” Jeffrey seemed agitated by my answer.
I took a sip of juice and peered out the window. Down below, the streetlights highlighted chipper faces on a park bench with coffees in their hands. There was a restaurant across the street. A couple sat across from one another inside. A gray-haired woman smiled and sipped her wine. A man took a bite from his plate. 
I saw my face in the reflection of the window, and I was shocked by how old and run-down I looked. It was unreal.
“Why?” Jeffrey urged.
“I died once already. Living. Dying. I’m okay with the yin and yang of it.”
Jeffrey grimaced and looked down into his hands. “You know how selfish you are? Saying shit like that.”
“I don’t mean to depress you. It doesn’t have to be a bad thing.”
“Christ. I know. You’re a puddle of disappointment, a walking projection of a better past, a man always born in the wrong era. You don’t like your Mac. You’re being pretentious. I’m sick of hearing all the bullshit.”
“Don’t ask, then. And if you can’t help but indulge, ask, then leave the room if the start of my answer doesn’t satisfy your curiosities.” 
He fell silent. 
“You can be mad at me. I don’t mind. But when you’re ready to tell me how your life didn’t turn out the way it was supposed to, I’m all ears. It’ll be docked off your pay, though.”
Jeffrey’s face remained unchained as he seemed lost in thought. He rose from his chair and wiped his beard, as he always did when he was uncomfortable or nervous. “It’s been a long few days. I got a bag of cats in my skull right now. I’m gonna go get you some water and talk to the nurse.”
“Don’t get too friendly. She’s my nurse, not yours.”
His laugh was disingenuous. “It’s good to have you back,” he muttered.
He turned to leave. 
“Jeffrey.”
“Yeah.”
“You’re a beast.”
That garnered a good laugh. Perhaps his heart was behind it.

***

When I woke for a second time, I knew what I had to write about. Most of the novel would involve our journey. It was simple, raw, and left plenty of room for creative yarn to be woven through the reality that was our doom. This would take everything out of me. This would be the last thing I ever wrote.
Fluids, rest, nitroglycerin, and something for the pain. My rest was deep, but my recovery was slow. I was weak and feverish throughout; bothered by something I couldn’t escape while unconscious. After five days, my fever had been kicked, and my friendly nurse gave me the good news that I was free. Jeffrey was there each day, despite my best pitiful efforts to demand he stay at home with his wife.
I decided I would remain disgusting and shower at home after a proper shit and shave. I wanted bacon and eggs, but apparently both were off the menu for the remainder of my days—well, egg whites were permitted, but I’d rather have eaten warm water. I asked Jeffrey if I could leave my hospital gown on and play a skit in public, perhaps at a mall: I would pretend to be his crazy patient who had escaped as he chased me through the food court, bare ass exposed, other things flying freely. Jeffrey had forgotten his sense of humor at home, so we didn’t do any of that. 
After far more fresh air than I ever thought I’d need, I stepped outside and enjoyed the brisk feeling immensely. It was the hospital smell and bed sweats that did it for me. Never again, I hoped. 
Tires rolling over the slightest of bumps made the Jeep bounce like a shopping cart over stones. Jeffrey and I were tapped out conversation-wise, so we sat in silence most of the way back home. It was hard not to be grateful about returning to the usual comforts I thought would never exist again. I was trying my best to be miserable, unimpressed, and disappointed, but I was pleased to return, though I had no desire yet to sit at that desk by my bed, Mac in front of me with its confusing Word program, typewriter in the trash outside courtesy of Jeffrey.
 Away from town, I stared out into the snowy countryside with fret. I had been reduced to a shell. The heart attack had scared the shit out of me, and now I worried that I would have another in short time. My chest still didn’t feel quite right, or was that in my head? I could picture it exploding on a whim. 
We pulled up my long driveway, my special tree in the front yard calling me home. Jeffrey helped me unpack and got the tea going; coffee was no longer an option either. He stood in the entrance, absorbing my home as his own. He tightened his lips, scratched his beard, and looked at me. “Sorry about this. I …”
“Wipe it from your mind.”
“Easier said than done.”
“An old man can waste away in his home, or he can try and do something.”
“Is that you saying you’re not giving up?”
“I’m glad I tried.”
Jeffrey was disappointed with my comment. I wished to provide him with something more hopeful or inspired, but I was so tired and craved additional rest.
“Trying doesn’t have to be something that epic. Maybe we go bowling next time?”
“Bowling would be awful. Sounds good, though.”
Jeffrey grinned and reached for the doorknob. “Okay. You took your pills now, so you’re good to go. I’m going home, but I’ll be back tomorrow at noon for lunch. Got it?”
“Bagels?”
“Yes, you old mutt. Bagels.”
“Good man. I resent the ‘old mutt’ part, but the bagels, they’ll do just fine.”
“Okay then …” Jeffrey stared longingly into my eyes, then away.
“You good?” I asked.
“Yup. See you tomorrow.” 
“Herb and garlic.”
“Okay.”
The door closed, and the quietness was a different brand from the one outside. As I sat at the old dinner table with my tea, the old clock ticked loudly. Left alone. Solitary confinement. Though I didn’t wish to ever go through something like that again, I somehow missed the journey. I shouldn’t have. But I did. It was strange, and it haunted me. The feeling wouldn’t leave. 
Usually, I would enjoy being on the home side, but after thirty minutes, I was back in the loft, sitting at my desk, waiting for the first words to break free. I sat there for a while.
The keys started to click with rhythm. I punched them harder and harder.
    
 






Royce




Royce sat in her bed, staring at her computer screen. She scrolled through pictures on her sister’s profile. Bar scene upon bar scene, pic by pic. Every photograph was a “woo girl” moment captured perfectly, her smile the same in each. Royce checked her smartphone for the millionth time. She was up to date on her Instagram and Facebook. Nothing new had come in since two minutes ago.
She exited out of her Facebook profile on her laptop and grabbed the pack of cigarettes that were sitting on her bed. She lit one, raised the blinds, cracked the window, and sucked in a slow drag. She examined the quiet street. There was no one. That asshole hadn’t returned in the past two days. She was worried, but not too worried. She had her gun. Still, her blood hadn’t pumped like that in a long time. 
Halfway through her cigarette, she opened up the most recent article she was working on. She had two lines down. She returned to the window and watched the odd car drive by. She watched the smoke leave her lips out the window. She watched her breath rise from the cold. There was still nobody out there. 
She checked her phone again. A couple memes. She checked her sister’s Instagram account. Pictures of a movie set she was on. She was working as an extra in some romantic comedy. It was a restaurant scene. Then a club scene. Her smile was fraudulent because she thought she looked prettier that way. Royce finished the smoke and flicked the bud out the window and watched it fall into a small snowbank below. 
She opened her phone and scrolled through her contacts. She stopped on “Bossman.” She opened her Facebook. Then Instagram. Then Twitter. 
Royce flung her phone out the window. She rose from bed and retrieved a beer from her mini fridge. She looked around at her apartment suite: a single room above a bar. She lit another cigarette and cracked her beer. 
She wiped a tear from her cheek and drank. 


















Home
Present



Jeffrey sat at his kitchen table with a glass of Scotch in front of him poured four ounces deep. He swirled it and took a sip, grimaced, then set it back down on the table. His hiking gear was still in the Jeep, but he didn’t feel like doing a damn thing. He’d unload later. Between the terrifying hike and the two nights he’d slept in a chair at the hospital, everything hurt. He didn’t want to go upstairs and kiss his daughter on the forehead. He didn’t want to talk to his wife. He wanted to sit in silence with his drink and his hollow thoughts. 
The stairs creaked, and he prepared himself, withholding a sigh that desired to leave his aching body. His wife, Kate, rounded the corner. She was wearing her polka-dot pajamas, and her hair was strewn to one side and frayed. She crossed her arms and leaned against the wall of the entrance. “Did you just get in?” she asked, still squinting from waking up. 
Jeffrey had been in for an hour. “Yeah.”
“Everything went okay with checkout?”
“No issues. He’s fine.”
Kate frowned and watched her foot as it slid back and forth on the hardwood.
“You should go back to sleep.”
“You should come.”
Jeffrey fingered his glass and breathed slowly through his nose. Kate stepped over and sat down beside him. She took his glass and tipped back a large sip. “I don’t want to get into it,” she said.
“Nor do I.”
“You coming to bed, then?”
Jeffrey stared at the floating ice in his glass. “I’m bringing him over for dinner tomorrow.”
She rose slowly from her chair, her face flat, disappointed, exhaustion on display. 
“Don’t make it bigger than it is,” he said.
“No. It’s not big. It’s not right either.”
“It’s not right …” Jeffrey turned to his wife. “I’m going to stay up a while.”
She closed her eyes painstakingly. It was cool in the house, and her nipples were carving through her cotton pajama top. “Taking him on that hike isn’t right either. He’s over seventy.”
“Thanks for putting my mind at ease. It’s important to be set straight in a marriage.”
“I think I’ll pass on the misguided lecture of what is expected in a marriage. You’re not a fitting professor.”
Jeffrey stared at the sink faucet. It dripped occasionally. “Tell me, then. Go on. Tell me what’s right,” he said, still staring at his glass.
“I don’t have the answer. But I know it starts with that little girl up there. And I shouldn’t have to tell you that.”
Jeffrey downed his drink and coughed, saliva dropping to his chin. He wiped his mouth, reached into his back pocket, and removed a tin of chew. He didn’t pack it, just opened it, and took a pinch. He swallowed down the first bitter buildup of saliva and shivered with his head down while Kate lingered in the kitchen. 
“Do what you want. There’s nothing I can say anymore.”
“We out of steam then?”
“What does that mean?” she asked, brow furrowed, arms crossed and flexed.
“We both know.”
“Goodnight.”
Jeffrey turned, but she was gone, the steps creaking as she climbed up to their bedroom. 
He moved stealthily up the stairs and into his daughter’s bedroom. She was curled in the fetal position, her Ichiban-noodle hair in a perfectly round shape around her chubby cheeks. She was dressed in purple. Everything purple, all the time. She was better than both he and Kate combined. They had named her Suzanne. When she was young, “Suzy” would work well and would most likely return back to “Suzanne” when she was older.
At the age of six, Suzy cared more about everyone else than herself. “Everyone” was no overstatement either. A couple years ago when they had their friends over for supper and drinks, Suzy had snuck out of bed to join the party. She gave everyone shoulder rubs and passed around chips and popcorn. If anyone ever appeared upset in the slightest form, she would worry for them. She would ask if they were okay. It was so wonderfully abnormal for a kid her age. 
Jeffrey kissed her on the forehead, and she didn’t move. Her nasally breathing continued on, and he took one last look at her and exited back down the stairs. He grabbed his coat off the banister and stepped outside, locking the door behind him.

***

Flint’s was quiet that Wednesday night. It was eleven by the time Jeffrey arrived, and there were only the usual suspects sitting around the far corner of the booth. The table was filled with popcorn and pretzel crumbs, as the old boys were in the middle of a heated discussion, leaned over the table, attempting to keep their already rising voices at a minimal decibel. Jeffrey’s trusted right-hand, Royce, was wiping down the counter as he approached. He dropped the keys on the freshly wiped counter, and she popped the top off of an Einstock pale ale, then placed it on a coaster. She grabbed a can and used his keys to puncture the bottom. Foam and liquid spewed out and dripped down her arm as she proceeded to tap it against his bottle, set it to her mouth, and crack the top open. Royce tipped it back and guzzled the entire beer within seven seconds. She belched, wiped her mouth, collected the tablecloth, and wiped away the remains.
Royce had been with Jeffrey for the last four years. They had become good friends over that time, and Kate had never been okay with it. Words were never exchanged head on, but he saw it. 
Jeffrey sipped his beer. He watched Royce bend over to pull out another bottle of beer, revealing a tattoo on her hip. She stepped back over and set the cold beer down. Her hair was short and black. She was a brunette but had always dyed it like that since he’d known her. She worked any hours he requested of her. She had stumbled upon his bar when he was getting ready to close the doors. Two shots of Jameson later, she had convinced him that she’d just take tips and he didn’t need any other staff. It seemed to work. 
“Welcome back. I thought I was gonna have to call the cavalry.”
He said nothing.
“Or some asshole in a monkey suit would be reading your will to me any day now.”
“In your dreams.”
“Why, am I in your will? Did you leave this place to me? You’re too kind.”
“Yeah, right.” Jeffrey gulped his beer. “Suzy will be your boss.”
“At least I’m getting something out of it, then.” A subtle grin graced her face as she poured a double of Jameson. “I called your house. Kate was in good spirits.”
“I bet.”
“They should make little doghouses for no-good husbands—like the size of a tree fort or some shit.”
“A nice little getaway, you mean?”
“Yeah, right.”
Jeffrey shook his head. Nothing was right. 
“What did you do?” she asked.
He raised his eyebrows with hopes of a humorous appearance, but he fell short. “Went for a stroll with Mr. Smith.”
She lifted her cup of whiskey. “Sorry, man.”
“Ah, whatever.” Jeffrey chugged the beer, and she placed a short glass in front of him and dribbled past the stopper twice.
“You pitting in?” she asked. 
“Yes. I’m pitting in.”
No other customers came. The old timers left at midnight after settling their dispute and resorting to laughter based on their so-called success with women in their heydays. They had joined up at the bar as they usually did for their last call of the night. Royce rolled her eyes as they had reminisced. 
Jeffrey and Royce drank Jameson well into the night, until the floor was no longer supportive. They spoke not a word about the hike or about his wife. They discussed Suzy’s school play that was coming in two weeks, an article Royce was working on for the Iceland Reporter, and also the article Jeffrey was writing for the Reykjavik Herald. They talked about their plans for the summer. Royce wanted to go on a couple scuba dives. She figured she’d likely go visit her sister in Los Angeles for a week or two. Her sister had just booked a small acting gig on some courtroom TV series. Jeffrey spoke of potentially taking Suzy to Disney in March during her school break. 
“Why aren’t you an actor?” he asked.
“Do you mean ‘actress’?” She pretended to flip her long hair that she didn’t have to the side.
“Okay …” Jeffrey laughed, closed his eyes, and felt the floor moving blissfully beneath his stool. “Act-tress.”
“I like my space. I couldn’t handle the phony networking of it all. I know I would hate it anyway. I’d be a nervous mess.”
“How do you know?”
“Come on. Constantly trying to prove yourself, to do everything you can just to get an ounce of validation from someone who thinks they know what they’re talking about? Have some fuckin’ manchild in skinny jeans label me and tell me how it is in the business? Hard pass.”
“You’ve given this some thought.”
“Only after little sis pursued. Honest.” She did a shot of butterscotch schnaps. “Why aren’t you an actress?”
“I’d get tired of being used for my looks over talent. I hate being objectified.”
“You poor pretty girl, you.”
“Hey, it’s hard.” Jeffrey’s smile was outmatched by Royce’s. He leaned in and leered at her hoop nose ring. “I’m gonna rip that thing off.”
She rolled her eyes and removed it. “Happy?”
“Happy.”
“You gonna mention the hole in my jeans? You’ll stitch them up for me, Dad?”
“No. I’d tell you to throw them away and buy jeans that aren’t torn. Don’t call me ‘Dad.’ It’s disgusting.”
“What’s the matter, Daddy? You don’t like that? Daddy.”
“Stop it.”
They both laughed. “I can hardly wait for summer. We should go fishing. We haven’t done that yet.”
“I’m not the best fisherman.”
“Yeah, you don’t have what it takes,” said Jeffrey. 
“I know. It takes laser focus to sit and wait.”
“It does.”
It was good being with her. He would forget about all of his problems when he was with Royce. 
They clinked drinks and downed them yet again. Bob Seger played on the jukebox as they stared at one another for a moment with tired, drunken eyes. Seger faded, and the Eagles took over. Jeffrey hoisted himself up over the bar and nearly fell over the side. He tipped a glass over in the process, and it broke into three pieces on the floor as he missed catching it. He held her off and picked up the pieces, then swept up the rest. “Good as new,” he said with a sluggish slur. 
“It’s your bar. What do I care, I guess?”
“It’s more yours than mine.”
“Tell that to my bank account.”
“Yeah, because we’re making it rain in here. God hates a greedy small-business owner.”
She leaned against the counter, and her flat stomach and bellybutton were exposed. He turned to get a beer from the fridge below. 
Too much time passed without them saying something funny. Then too much time passed without them saying anything at all. There was nothing but time and only a bartop separating them. 
“You’re doing okay though, hey?” she asked.
“ ‘Okay’ would be a good word for it.”
Another silence followed as they stared into each other’s eyes intermittently between the counter, shot glasses, and peanut-shelled floor. “Will you come upstairs for a nightcap and take a look at my article?”
“Oh …”
“It’s a shit draft, so I ask that you edit conservatively.”
Jeffrey paused for a moment. “Yeah … yeah, I can do that.”
“Cool.”
She brought the bottle of butterscotch with her, and Jeffrey followed behind. He noticed that the remainder of the bar was squeaky clean as they went to the staircase. With each step, her shirt wriggled upward farther, revealing the tattoo. He didn’t know what it was. It didn’t have wings. At the top step, she shot straight sideways and bounced into the wall. He caught her from behind, even though she wasn’t about to fall backward—or, at least, it didn’t seem that way. His hand on her shoulder was enough to arouse him. He pulled away and dismissed the electricity. 
In direct contrast of the bar, her studio room was a train wreck. There was clothing everywhere, among everything else. She didn’t apologize for the state it was in like most people would. She grabbed three pairs of shoes and some sweaters that were on her bed and threw them to the floor. Her laptop was on the nightstand. She set it in Jeffrey’s lap as he sat on the edge of her bed. The document was already open. 
He squinted at the screen as the words danced around in no particular order. Jeffrey tried blinking his eyes, but that didn’t improve matters. “It’s bad, I know. I was just curious what you thought of the logline and the opener.”
He didn’t say anything. He tried to focus, but he couldn’t. Instead, he felt the urge to cry. 
“Royce, I’m so stinking drunk I can’t look at the screen. Can you email it to me? I’ll take a look at it to—” 
He felt her breath on his cheek and then her lips were pressed against his. His heart kicked into overdrive, and she continued to steer the ship. Clothes were off quickly, and it was happening. They proceeded with ease. He didn’t believe he could experience anything like that ever again. It had been so long since he’d been excited about something. Her touch was exhilarating. He cared. She cared. Every movement they made, all sounds, it was all symbiotic. It was perfect. 
They were finished in short time, and their breathing was sharp and quick. 
As he assumed it would, the hollowness took to him. His face didn’t hide the misery, and she dressed herself and sat up next to him, hand to her head, the cliché moment forcedly played out against their will. “I can’t believe we just did that. Oh my God, what the fuck was I doing?”
Jeffrey said nothing. He looked at the laptop screen and the messy apartment, the need to vomit increasing by the second. 
“You have a daughter.”
Jeffrey was supposed to feel horrible. But any love he’d ever had for Kate had drifted away long ago. He had assumed that’s how it was with every marriage. Not enough Facebook photos in the world could tell a truthful test-of-time marriage. It just went away. Perhaps it was the male-female dynamic. Maybe it didn’t work? It was nobody’s fault. It was just life.
“Hey …”
Jeffrey didn’t look her way. “Don’t ask me if it meant anything.”
She waited a moment. “Did it?”
“If it meant nothing, it wouldn’t have happened.”
She lit a cigarette and cracked the window. The smell of sex began to clear out into the frigid night, along with the tunnel of smoke. Her arms were crossed, and her brow was narrowed. She appeared vulnerable, concerned, and regretful. Then, in a drunken blink behind smoke, it disappeared. She placed a pillow up against the headrest and leaned back to enjoy her cigarette closer to the window. Jeffrey closed the laptop. 
“Look at us,” she said. “We’re the same, you and I.”
“Run away together?”
“I’ll torch the place, we’ll collect the insurance money, hightail it the hell out of Dodge.”
“So sad, it’s almost funny.”
“Almost. Can I tell you something?” she said.
“Can’t hurt now.”
“I’ve never really found you overly attractive.”
“Gee, thanks.”
“Don’t take it personally. You’re traditionally handsome or whatever the hell that means. You just never turned my crank. And yet … I’ve wanted to do that with you the moment I walked into this bar four years ago. Can’t place the reason.”
“And right now?”
“You look like your gonna puke on my bed.”
Jeffrey took a deep breath, staggered over to her mini fridge, and was thankful that there was bottled water. He grabbed a bottle and took his seat on the edge of the bed again. The nonpoisonous liquid pouring down his throat was transcendent. 
“You gonna tell Kate?” he asked.
“No. You?”
“No.”
“You gonna fire me?”
“No. You gonna quit?”
“No. Tell me … Why do we live like this?” She nodded toward her closed laptop and exhaled smoke with her lips curled toward the window. “Why do we feel so obligated to write? What for? People don’t even want it.”
“I’m no good on Twitter.”
“Are we piggy-backing the nostalgia of a generation we barely lived in?” she laughed. “Are we terribly pretentious? Are we trapped between worlds?”
“Probably.” Jeffrey pondered the questions. “I don’t know. Maybe we’re just fucked up. And those who are damaged passed a certain point decide they are writers.”
“You’re probably right.” Royce spotted a shirt on the floor. She smiled. It was a plain gray T-shirt. She removed her current shirt, revealing her small, perky breasts, and she put on the gray one. “We got no one else to talk to. So we write it. Pathetic and accurate?” She ran a hand through her hair.
“You think?”
“I’d buy that. Either it’s that, or we think we’re better than the rest.”
“Who are we to expect anyone to read what we write? I’ve heard someone say self-indulgence applies. Egotistical much?”
“Yes.” Royce smirked.
“The industry is gone. Poof.”
“Into thin air,” she agreed, taking another drag. 
“I couldn’t tell you when it started being important to me.” Jeffrey took a sip of water, and some of it dribbled onto his shirt. “I couldn’t tell you when it stopped, either,” he said.
“Man … It’s not just that. It’s a mindset.”
“How you mean?” he asked.
“I mean, shit, man. Don’t tell me there wasn’t an ounce of you that wanted to be truly great. That you wanted people to hear you. I’m talkin’ people. Numbers, man. Those are big expectations that a lot of people are expecting to come to fruition, you know? Like, seriously, think about that. We’ve all got an ego the size of fucking Mars, and we pretend it just ain’t so. And it’s everything, not just scribbling.”
He nodded along. “Jupiter is bigger.”
She smirked and remained on the track. “We aren’t the special little flowers Mommy and Daddy and Little Miss Teach told us. That shit sticks with a person. Christ, it’s stuck with me.”
“So why you writing for some crummy paper that twenty-six people read? Why is that stack of papers under your bed there? You know better.”
They locked eyes again. The silence was powerful. 
“Why are you even here, Royce?”
“The dream? Hell if I know. You don’t get more time to yourself than here.”
“There has to be something else?”
“Nah … not for me. I got my freedom.”
“This bar is freedom to you?”
“It’s mine …” She looked at him apologetically. “I mean—”
“It is yours. I know that.”
“I’ll afford the buyout someday.” She scooped her bra off the bed and chucked it into her open closet. “So what’s the game plan here?”
“I honestly don’t know.”
They sat silently, and he listened as she took several drags from her dart. She ashed it out and sighed. “Time for bed.”
“Yeah, I better head home.”
Jeffrey stood.
“What happened on your hike?”
Jeffrey picked up his jacket and left.

***

Jeffrey got behind the wheel and drove a hair below the speed limit with his grip at ten and two. He came up to the turn on Bakki Street and decided to turn left instead of right. Red and blue lights snapped up his attention. His heart raced.
Window rolled down, gum in mouth, Jeffrey was prepared for a DUI. As he leaned over, he could see that the policeman was an old friend, Martin Quine.
“Hey, Marty.”
“Putting in the late shift are you?”
“Yeah … Business is booming. Expansion is on the horizon.”
“I never tire of your enthusiasm.”
“How have you been? It’s been awhile,” said Jeffrey.
“Oh, can’t complain. House is finally finished.”
“Really? Good for you. I’d like to see it sometime.”
“That’d be great.” Martin sighed and glanced up at the black sky. 
The red and blue lights lit up his world like a damn Christmas tree. 
Martin leaned forward inside the Jeep and gripped the steering wheel tightly, his brow furrowed intensely. “This is the last one, okay? There won’t be a third strike.”
Jeffrey didn’t even consider denying it. His throat caught with emotion. “I’m sorry, Marty. Won’t happen again.”
“Good! You call me anytime you want to check out the pad. We’ll have you for supper.”
It took everything not to start bawling right then and there. “That sounds perfect. Call you next week.”
Martin tapped the roof and retreated back to his car.
Jeffrey drove to Mr. Smith’s. The light of the guesthouse was still on, and he couldn’t help but chuckle as he climbed out of his Jeep. He slipped on the ice and fell flat on his back. After a groan, he got to his feet and into the house. He made it to his bedroom and collapsed into his soft mattress with all of his clothes on. There was no other place he would have rather been. Within seconds, the hum of the register coaxed him off into a drunken hibernation …

***

I finally stopped typing when I heard Jeffrey pull into the driveway. I had twenty pages of rough content. I had been trapped in that kind of frenzy that only comes around once every full blue moon. There was some shit to siphon through, but there was a lot of good too. It was a well-written first draft. There was a pulse, and it was pumping strongly. I broke my rule and took a look at the first page. My fingers hurt from punching keys with such vigor. 

Laying in my urine-soaked ski pants, I strained with great fervor to keep my eyes open. I crawled. The snow crunched between my fingertips, and I crawled toward her. The sun had failed us yet again, and this time around, as darkness descended, I knew it would likely be our last together, or perhaps our time had already expired. The wind remained savage, and I was numb from head to toe. I stretched my frozen muscles and grasped for more ground. She was on her stomach, but her face was tilted to the side. At least she had not drowned in the snow. As I reached her side, I didn’t want to look at her face. I was in no hurry, as time would not have any essence. If she was in a bad way, my being frantic would do us no good. The snow had not let up, and I couldn’t see a thing. I couldn’t walk, regardless. I was being poisoned from the inside out from my stomach wound, and I feared that Karen, my fiancée, was dead.
I closed my eyes. They remained closed for some time.
Once I was able to muster an ounce of courage, I opened them.
As I stared at her colorless face that was my future, I experienced true hopelessness for the first time in my life …

I turned the page over atop the small pile that I had formed. I had to stop for the night. No more. I pulled open the empty drawer, and two batteries rattled around. I shoved them to the back and placed my work inside. 
My bed was comfortable. As I slid under the sheets, I felt well. Tired, but well. I wouldn’t say I was eager, but I was curious about what tomorrow would bring. Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad? Maybe I wouldn’t be so bad.


















Good Morning




I sat up in bed. It was still dark out. The lamppost at the end of the driveway created an aura around my tired reflection in my grand mirror aligned with my loft. I had to write, and so I did. It poured out as I frantically punched it to paper. I hammered on the keys, my anticipation increasing as I discovered each new thought, new sentence, new energy. The gods had shed light on me, opened the doors in my mind that had been boarded up for so long. Light and joy burst through my fingertips as I accessed every idea a writer would ever need. When I finally paused, I turned and stared out the window. I didn’t fear the ideas would stop. I knew my roll would continue well into the night if I so wished.

***

It was light outside, and Jeffrey was there, already shoveling the driveway. I wondered if he had already picked up bagels.
Was it Hemingway who said something about walking away from it when it’s going well? Then you’d start in the midst of something good, as opposed to staring at a blank page. I thought it was him anyway. I decided to go outside and join Jeffrey on the driveway. 
It was a small job, but I still helped shovel. I asked him how his night was, and he said it was fine. He reeked of alcohol. I told him he needed a shower, and he didn’t laugh or smile. After we shoveled to the road, we turned back, and I followed him inside. 
“You’re not going back to your office?” he asked.
“Let’s have a coffee break.”
“Sure.”
Jeffrey appeared to be half asleep as he watched the drip within the pot. I looked around at my home that I had spent less and less time in as the years wore on. The sink was filled with dishes, and Jeffrey began to wash them.
I sipped my coffee, and halfway through my cup, I gave in to small talk. “You had a good night?”
“You asked me that already,” he said.
“Still drunk?”
“No. Shoveling your driveway sobered me up.”
“I see. How’s your writing going?”
His shoulders slouched. “Slow. Yours?”
“Quite good. Persistence being rewarded, one might say.” 
Jeffrey nodded and continued scrubbing a plate with a brush. 
“But it’s more often slow than it is fast. Don’t worry about it,” I added.
“I know.”
“How are things at home, Jeffrey?” My heart began to race as his face grew sullen, angry even.
“I need to get your bagels.”
“The bagels can wait.”
“No. They can’t.”
“How long have we been friends? You can talk to me about things. I resent the fact that you’re forcing me to sound like such a pussy.”
In a brief fit of rage, Jeffrey extended his arm quickly, jamming the plate into the sink and breaking it in half, though that didn’t appear to be his intent. Half of the plate remained in his hand, while the other sunk into the suds. He stopped, leaned over the sink, checked his hands for cuts, and then continued on with the other dishes. “Old arguments being recycled. Stuck in a vicious cycle, is all.”
“Well. Do something different to break it.”
“And what is your recommendation, Mr. Smith?”
“Start with giving her what she wants. Or at least a portion of it. You should take the little hits so the big things can be compromised. It’s the only strategy that works.”
“What if they aren’t ‘little’?”
“Oh, what do I know …? Give her what she wants if it’s possible. Maybe she’s right and you’ve just been on it too long to see the issue clearly? Maybe she’s wrong and you’ve got an even bigger decision to make.”
“Maybe.”
“About which?”
“Just, maybe.”
I slapped the counter. “There you have it. I’d like a cinnamon bagel with regular cream cheese. Switch it up.”
“That’s … outrageous. You’re sure?”
“It’s time.”
He chuckled sarcastically, drained the sink, downed his coffee, and picked up his keys. “Yolo.”

***

Jeffrey ducked into the guest room and smiled as soon as he spotted the small stack of typed pages next to the typewriter. He looked at the first page, and his smile flattened as he read. He read halfway through the first page, stopped, flipped it upside down, and pulled the stack off the desk. 
He returned home. Kate was at work. His daughter was in school. He would sometimes take her to school in the mornings, but usually her mother would. He would always pick her up after school. 
Jeffrey walked up to the fridge and stared at the magnets arranged by his daughter. She had left him a “Hi, Dad” message. He touched the blocky red H and smiled. He opened the fridge and grabbed the carton of eggs, but slid the box back in place. He decided he was going to have a bagel too. Above the sink, he opened the cupboard and helped himself to some whiskey. Hair of the dog always saved him for the day so that he could crash and be hungover while he slept the next night. 
The warm booze went down harshly, and he coughed. He gave his head a shake and proceeded to spread margarine on a slice of bread. He chased it down with a tall glass of water and had another quick shot of whiskey for dessert. He could feel his head start to swim, and his stomach eased.
Jeffrey grabbed the beginnings of Mr. Smith’s manuscript off the counter and went to his office. The room was tidy, unlike the rest of the messy house. His desk was shining oak, polished with a shiny finish. He had a large Mac desktop and a laptop placed on the far corner, perfectly square with the corner of the desk. If it wasn’t a right angle, it was a wrong angle. He took a seat and slid out the keyboard.
After staring at his latest article regarding two new streets installed in Reykjavik (and the new businesses being built on said streets), he minimized the document and clicked on another: his write-up about the housing market and the projected spike that would presumably arrive within the year—or so said his hotshot source, who knew less than half of what he projected, but boy did he have a nice suit and a nice car. 
Jeffrey read through it in full and liked the conciseness of it, despite it being trite and dull. It was good enough for a send-off to the editor. 
Jeffrey stacked Mr. Smith’s papers on the corner of the desk and left them there. He opened up one last document that was titled “Walking with Mr. Smith.” He had five pages of outlines and a first chapter that was well underway with over 2,000 words. He had not typed fresh words in over a month. He was stuck, and there was other work that he had been tending to—work that would provide modest paychecks. He ran his fingers over the keys, hit save, and put the desktop into sleep mode.

***

Was it Hemingway who said happiness in intelligent people was the rarest thing he knew? Yes, I believe it was Hemingway. At least I had an answer for my misery, and that answer provided me with the warmth of an ego being stroked and lifted up high into the clouds beneath the warm sun. Supposedly, I was a wise old man, burdened by a mind that could take no pleasure in the common thrills and splendors life had to offer. I was too brilliantly miserable for that shit. 
I stared at my typewriter, and it stared back at me. I had now lost the battle, and motivation was fleeing even faster than my inspiration was. The box made of wood, metal, and plastic was nothing more than mass taking up space in my suffocating loft. I now wanted it tucked away in the closet where it had sat many times before. I liked it in there with a towel draped over it so it couldn’t see me, so it couldn’t judge me. Could it be that writing was a job like any other? A job that I wanted to leave behind and embrace retirement and all the pleasures it offered? I had told myself this was not true for so long, but it was possible I had been incorrect. 
I walked to the banister and leaned over it, gazing outside at the desolate white tundra that expanded exponentially the farther it escaped my driveway. It was a peculiar thing to me: how some days I found it so peaceful, and others, lonely. I turned my clock radio on, and the Who played. I pictured myself in a band, but I wasn’t old; I was young and could sing well. I wished. Man, I wished.
The door closed, and footsteps followed. Jeffrey appeared with a brown bag of goodies. 
“Lunch as ordered,” he said.
“Good man.”
“How’s it coming?” he asked.
“Oh, not much of anything. It’s all about putting the shift in though, isn’t that right? Sitting down and staring at the keys, if that’s what I have to do.”
Jeffrey looked disappointed. “Nothing for me to read?”
“Zip. It’ll come, don’t you worry. Or it won’t.”
“I’m not worried. You’ll figure it out. Eat your food and recharge. You’ll find your way back to it. You always do.”
“Your unwavering support does not go unnoticed.”
“I’ll take an extra 10 percent on your royalties.”
“I can afford 10 percent of nothing.”
“That’s reassuring.”
I smiled and pulled out a bagel slowly from the bag, prolonging the pleasant buildup to that first bite. I noticed from the corner of my eye that Jeffrey was watching me studiously. I handed him the bag back, and he pulled out a bagel for himself. He chewed it and showed no signs of enjoyment as he swallowed down the food. I took mine and closed my eyes. It was good, as it should be. Crispy on the edges, light and fluffy, dense cream cheese packing plenty of flavor. 
“You’re coming over for supper, so don’t eat too much else today.”
“Thanks, Jeffrey, but I need to stay in my space.”
“I’m not giving you a choice on this one.”
I didn’t want to leave. I didn’t want to intrude on his house. I needed to stay. “I must respectfully decline your invitation.”
Jeffrey stared into my eyes. He looked solemn, authoritative, if not slightly annoyed. “It’s important to me that you come.”
I met his stare and furrowed my brow. “You’re not dying, are you?”
“Not that I know of.”
“Fine. I’ll come.”
Jeffrey lowered his head and nodded like it had been such an exhausting venture to retrieve my acceptance of his dinner offer. 
I glanced at my typewriter and frowned. “I’ll bring the next batch of papers with me to your place. You can go through them with a pen, like you are so fond of doing.”
“That sounds good.”
“Come hell or high water, I’ll bring you something.”
He smiled. “Anything is better than nothing.”
I studied Jeffrey’s face, the puffiness under his eyes, the gray that had crept into his beard, the slouch in his back. “Do you have a ghost, Jeffrey?”
He was caught off guard by my question. So was I. “Ghost?” 
“It’s making you heavy, isn’t it?”
“There’s this séance I’ve been meaning to attend, but it’s an exclusive club, you see? I don’t have the proper connections and the secret password that comes along with it.”
I remained serious, and his eyes darted away from mine, only to return. They were clouded with despondency. “You need to find a way to get rid of it. Trust me.”
“You can’t give me advice on losing it, though, can you?”
I stared at the cream cheese that had pressed out of the bagel and hung suspended onto my finger. “No,” I said. “I think it gets harder the longer you let it latch on, though.”
He coughed and sniffled, then dropped the rest of his bagel into the bag. “Why’d you let it happen to you?”
“I don’t know.” I couldn’t recall a time that I didn’t have those feelings in my gut: emptiness, sorrow. I had grown to not only accept the feelings but like them on a molecular level. 
“A few bright people have said that love transcends all dark things. That it’s really the only thing humans can do right.”
“Ah, love. It decays too. There’s yin and yang at every corner.” I was becoming angry.
“Maybe our novice poetry session of a conversation is simply an explanation of our shared experience of what they call ‘depression’—chemical imbalances in the old think-tank. That seems most likely, does it not?”
“It does. Seems likely …”
“I think I’ll get us some happy pills. And then some even happier ones.”
“Couldn’t hurt, I suppose.”
My agreeing devoid of humorous notes only frustrated him more. He rose and folded the top of the bag down, then set it on my desk next to the typewriter. We shared silence, and I sensed he wanted to say more, to continue a conversation that would be competitive and guarded, but he didn’t find words. 
“You let me know, yeah?”
“Let you know what?”
“When you are ready to tell me more about this Casper you have. Just a little effort could get you that password you seek.”
“Password?”
“The séance. I know people.”
After a pause, I smiled wide and laughed. 
“I’ll pick you up at five. Okay?”
“I’ll be ready,” I said.
Jeffrey stepped slowly down the stairs, and the door closed gently. I removed the top of the bagel from the bottom to make the eating experience last longer.


Flint’s




1:00 p.m.

Jeffrey arrived at Flint’s, and Royce was serving American tourists lunch. Their menu consisted of typical American bar food with little connection to Iceland; turns out, people don’t like fermented shark or sheep’s head with a side of mashed potatoes. The tourists were a married couple well into their fifties. They were both gray and slender, each showcasing polite smiles as Jeffrey approached.
“How’s the burger? About as good as any other burger?”
The woman laughed softly and covered her mouth to finish chewing. 
“It’s a burger, all right,” said the husband with a hoarse voice. 
“What can I get you two to drink?”
Jeffrey walked behind the bar, confirming what the guests had likely been assuming upon his entrance.
“Honey, the owner is offering us free drinks, I think,” he chuckled, and she smacked him on the chest. 
“Of course I am.”
Royce came out from the kitchen and joined him behind the counter without making eye contact. He filled up three shot glasses of Brennivin and slid two in front of the travelers and the other over to Royce. She and Jeffrey locked eyes, and the tension was immediate and indisputable. She changed focus to the guests, grinned, and raised her glass. The wife only drank half of hers and grimaced, while the husband drank his down without signs of displeasure.
“So where are you off to after this?”
“Resting. Tomorrow, we set out for the highlands.”
“Ah, beautiful! How far is your skiing trek?”
“Ten days. We’ll be dogged, so we left ourselves with another week before we return home.”
“Smart.” Royce grabbed a napkin and a pen and started writing. “Omnom Chocolate. Linger. Blue Lagoon. Drink too much and sleep in at least once.”
The wife looked wary, probably due to their age. Her hubby smirked at her. 
Jeffrey watched them eat in silence and drank a nonalcoholic beer in the meantime—not because he was trying to clean his act up, but because he had to pick Suzy up at 3:30. He could feel the buzz still and had to clear it out. 
The happy couple exchanged few words while Jeffrey kept busy wiping down the counters and sorting the booze shelves. They chewed and drank. The husband had something on his chin, and she handed him a napkin without saying anything. He wiped the ketchup away. He took a breather and leaned back, placing his hand on her back. She used a napkin herself. She grabbed her purse and retrieved two Tums and placed them next to his plate.
After Jeffrey cleared their plates, they talked about Iceland’s beautiful summers and the spots that were too busy. They were veteran travelers, had seen much of the world, and liked to stay away from the masses when they were able. He was a doctor and had just retired. She was an accountant for a big corporation, but had ran her own small practice for the last five years and was pleased with her decision to leave big corporate for less money and more flexibility. 
Jeffrey was envious. They were light. Unencumbered. The way they were together, it was easy. They were floating on a breeze, living with wealth and freedom of time—time to enjoy each other and enjoy the world.
He would never be that.
When they left, he was anxious. While building up the courage to speak with Royce, she came out and beat him to the punch. He didn’t know what he wanted to say, so he was glad that she started. 
“Listen … if it was up to me and the repercussions your family would no doubt face didn’t exist, we’d go upstairs and do that all over again. I want that. I can’t tell you I want to run away with you to … fuck, I don’t know … Paris?” She chuckled and scratched the end of her nose. “I don’t know that much, but I would right now. I might not feel that way a year from now, you know … But right now, yeah.”
It was not at all what he had anticipated.
“I do too.”
“But you got a full plate. It’s easier for me to admit all this, easier yet for me to act on it.”
Jeffrey moved forward and kissed her. They sunk into it. She pulled at the back of his hair as he pinned her against the bar. After about ten seconds, the dust settled, and he pulled away and looked at her. The outline of her lips curved, and they both broke out into awkward laughter.
“You should get going, though.”
“Royce.”
“Yeah?”
“How long you see this coming for?”
“I don’t know.”
“And you—”
“Don’t ask me questions, Bossman. I don’t have any answers.” She picked up the rag off the countertop. “I’m an ever-evolving, fantastic mess.”
Jeffrey ran his hand through his hair and exhaled. “Things were different a week ago.”
“Nothing has changed,” she said. 
“You’re the only friend I got, Royce.”
She nodded. “Well …”
“Why are you here, Royce?”
“I can’t answer that.”
“I’m sorry,” I said.
“What for?”
“Everything.”
She walked out from the bar, and they stood face to face. Her brown eyes traveled deep, and Jeffrey let himself disappear into them for a sweet moment. 
“Do me a favor?” she asked.
“What is it?”
“Try looking at her like she’s new. Date number two. Hire a sitter, do something you’ve never done together before. Don’t tell her the game you’re playing. It’s for you.”
“What should we do?”
“It doesn’t matter. Just new. That’s the important part.”
“No, I mean you and me.”
“There’s nothing to do.”
“At least you’re not giving me mixed signals.”
“Are they really that mixed?” 
She whipped Jeffrey with the towel, snapping it into his shoulder.
“Yes. They are.”
She retreated to the bar, but he didn’t follow. “You need to pick up Suzy Q. Get out of here.”
His daughter’s name being said by the woman he just had an affair with was unsettling. This was the first time he had felt guilt since following through with the act. It hit him hard.

***

Jeffrey picked up his daughter, and she sat in the backseat and talked his ear off about her day while he listened to every word. There was no need to spoil it with words of his own. 
They returned home. Suzy wanted to go to her friend’s house for supper and a sleepover, but Jeffrey told her they were having their own family supper, and she was pleased by the news. Fewer meals were being shared with both Jeffrey and Kate at the table together.
Kate was still at work, so they had a tea party, watched cartoons, and accessorized one of her dolls. Then they played Crazy Eights. As soon as the door cracked open at 4:45, he was on his feet to collect his jacket. 
“You’re going to get him now?” Kate asked.
“Yeah.”
She glanced at the kitchen and saw that the meal was in no way started. She frowned and exhaled frustratingly. “I better get at it then. When will you be back?”
“Tough to say.”
“Goodbye.”
Jeffrey turned to his daughter, who was now on the couch watching Scooby-Doo. “I’ll be back, Suzy. You should help your mother with dinner.”
“Okay! I’ll make the Kraft Dinner.”
Both Kate and Jeffrey laughed, but not together. They laughed on their own terms. 
“I didn’t realize that’s what we were having. What should we eat with it?”
“More Kraft Dinner,” said Suzy with a giggly grin.
“Okay, come wash your hands then.”
Jeffrey took one last look at her and left.

***




7:07 p.m.

They pulled out of Mr. Smith’s driveway. He had been busy trying to write and was not ready to leave when Jeffrey had arrived. 
“I didn’t bring any wine. Off to a good start.”
“No wine necessary. All you have to worry about is eating.”
“Fine by me. Sorry I made us late. Don’t take the blame for me. I don’t want you in trouble.”
“It’s fine. The timing will be perfect.”
“How’s my sweater? Is this a nice sweater?”
“Real cute.”
“When are you not sarcastic?” Mr. Smith asked him.
Jeffrey turned the radio dial and mouthed the word ‘Always.’ 
Mr. Smith turned the dial back off. He stared out the window as they drove by the quiet streets, the lights already dressed with Christmas decorations. Mr. Smith felt a nervous, jovial mood stirring, but it was conflicted by something he could not get past; perhaps it was the need to impress during dinner. He didn’t know Jeffrey’s wife all that well, and from the times they had met, he gathered that she wasn’t overly fond of him. He could picture her tense face, the forced shape of a smile, the awkward silences, the perceived sense that he had been keeping Jeffrey from her—that Jeffrey’s life was a dead end because of the old man who kept him around, that he was holding Jeffrey back from a greater life. 
That was the problem, though: As long as one held on to the arts—literary or otherwise—there was a carrot always being chased. But even if one snatched the carrot, there was no big paycheck wrapped around it. There weren’t enough carrots. Or was that most things in life? The constant chase, the unsettled feeling. There would forever be what is next. Whatever it was, as long as Jeffrey was possessed by it, he could never leave it. Mr. Smith had never recommended Jeffrey leave it. It’d be like recommending he should leave his wife.
“You’re sure it’s okay that I come over?”
Jeffrey smiled. “I’m sure. We’re happy to have you. We don’t get guests very often, so it’s an excuse to bust out the nice China and drink wine that’s collected more dust than David Lee Murphy’s cellar.”
“Who’s that?”
“Old country singer.” Jeffrey mumbled a song terribly off-key, and Mr. Smith recognized it.
“You’re an idiot, Jeffrey.”
“Been hanging out with you too much.”
It had been so long that Mr. Smith didn’t recognize the area. It all seemed new to him, even the house as they pulled into the drive. As they walked to the front step, he spotted a familiar wind chime, and he ran his fingers through it. The clinking of silver shafts reminded him of what the inside of the house looked like. It was all coming back to him. When one spent enough time cooped up in the country, they lost track of things. It felt nice to experience something that wasn’t his routine and was only vaguely familiar. 
They stepped inside, and the smell of ham wafted into his nose. 




























Sister




Royce’s phone lay in a bowl of rice on her nightstand. After retrieving it from the snowbank below her bedroom window, she did not attempt to use it until drying it out—she’d heard this was an effective way to do so.
But the phone had been in there long enough. Her throat thickened as she considered phoning her sister. It had been a few months since they’d talked last. Her sister, Emily, would cry. Royce wasn’t equipped to properly respond to that.
After a continuous cat-and-mouse game with her IPhone, she finally rang.
“Hey,” Emily shouted over music and laughter.
“Did I get you at a bad time?”
“I’m just out with friends. What’s up, sis?”
Damn it all. She paused to choke down the crying that wished to persist. The pause was too long.
“What’s wrong? Hang on, I’m going someplace quiet.”
The noise cleared and in the span of ten seconds, Royce was in no better shape. She could not speak. Her segmented breaths echoed in her cell phone.
“No. Oh, Royce. Don’t tell me.”
She cleared her voice. “I’m sorry.”
A beat followed. 
“Say something!” Emily urged.
“I ruined your night.”
“Is it bad? Where is it? When does treatment start?”
“It isn’t bad.”
“You’re freaking me out, Royce. Don’t lie to me.”
“I’m not lying. It’s in the same spot. My chances are good—or as good as cancer gets.”
“And what are those chances?”
“Doc says seventy-five percent.”
Emily began to cry.
Royce held the phone away from her ear and waited quite some time.
“Who else knows?”
“Just you.”
Emily cried once more, this time with less power.
“You’re all alone out there. Why do you do this?” Emily asked, to which she received no reply from Royce. “I’m coming to stay with you.”
“No.”
“No? What do you mean, no?”
“I mean no, little sister. This is something I need to handle on my own.”
“This and everything else, right?”
“Something like that.”
“I want to see you.”
“I’ll be a puking mess. And a total bitch.”
“When aren’t you? I’m coming. Mom would have come.”
“And pressed the panic button every time I moved an inch.”
“Let me take care of you. Please.”
“You can’t just drop everything. I wouldn’t feel right about that.”
“My course ends next week. So I’ll be jobless for a little while. That works just fine by me.”
Royce smirked. 
“I’m booking my flight as soon as I hang up.”
Tears clouded her eyes.
“Okay?”
“Okay.”
“I’d prefer to keep you on the phone and riddle you with questions, but I know that will be like pulling teeth. So I’ll save them all for in person.”
“That’s fair,” said Royce.
“I love you.”
“I know.” Royce lay back on her bed. “Love you too.”
Unfortunately, the comfort of her bed did not carry her away to a deep sleep. A headache formed, and worsened even with her eyes closed. She didn’t want to go get Aspirin as that would require her to open her eyes. With the bedroom lights on, her sensitivity would have made her headache a full-fledged migraine.
Better to feel pain than nothing at all, she thought. 
	




Dinner




I removed my shoes and followed Jeffrey into the kitchen. His wife, Kathrine, looked up from pouring a glass of wine. She smiled brightly at my presence. It didn’t seem forced like past years. She looked younger than last time, more beautiful. A wisp of hair fell over her eye, and she tucked it behind her ear.
“The famous Austin Smith in my kitchen. Wine?”
“Tall glass, please.”
“Good day?”
“A subtle grind, at best.”
“Aren’t most?” She poured another glass and shared a look with Jeffrey. “Jeffrey will take your coat. You sit and relax.”
I removed my jacket, and Jeffrey took it and disappeared to the closet by the entrance. I was nervous to be with her alone, but she was making it easy this time. “It smells delicious.” The Kraft Dinner box didn’t surprise me all that much. Jeffrey was never quick to bring up his wife’s cooking. 
“Hope you’re okay with ham.”
“Ham sounds perfect.”
She pulled it out of the oven and began carving.
“Can I help with anything?”
“No, just drink your wine.”
I ambled ahead and looked at some of the abstract artwork on the walls. I never understood any of it. Never was I transported to another place by certain patterns and colors; no emotions were triggered, no intrigue. It was all messy randomness to me, but I wished I could enjoy it.
“I love your home. It’s comfortable. You know how some homes don’t feel like homes?”
“Absolutely. Like a friend’s place that seems temporary, but they’ve been there for nearly ten years.”
“Exactly. This just feels … lived in.”
“That’s a nice way of saying ‘messy.’ ”
“Oh, please,” I corrected myself. “You want messy, come check out my place.”
She laughed and went back to the ham. “How have you been feeling?” she asked. 
“Fine. I was a little under the weather, but feeling good now.”
“No pain?”
I narrowed my brow. Sometimes when I shit, I thought, but certainly didn’t say. “No pain, no gain.” I didn’t know why I said that. 
She smiled and took a sip of her wine. 
I turned back to the wall of artwork. There was a cut-in with a shelf installed within the wall. On the shelf was a picture of Jeffrey, Kathrine, and a little girl, no older than four. She was a cute little thing.

***

Jeffrey sat on the edge of his daughter’s bed. He waited as she finished reading the page in an old Garfield book that had belonged to him.
“Done!”
“Okay, Suzy. So like I had mentioned to you today, we need you to be ready for dinner.”
“In case Grandpa gets upset?”
“That’s right. He will probably be confused, so if he gets sad, we’ll wait until he feels better. But if he is frustrated, it’s not your fault—”
“It’s not his either, though, right?”
“That exactly right. He’s just sick.”
“He wasn’t sick the last times he was over.”
“No, he was good. He has good days and some not-so-good days. So don’t worry if he doesn’t know you.”
“Can I get sick from it?”
“No. It doesn’t spread. He’s just old, Suzy.”
“I won’t get old and sick soon, will I?”
“No. You don’t have to think about that. You’re six. You know how old Grandpa is?”
“How much?”
“Seventy-five. And just because you’re that old doesn’t mean you forget things. He just wasn’t very lucky, that’s all.”
“You’re not going to forget me, are you?”
Jeffrey hadn’t expected the question. She had never asked it before. He turned sharply to the side and cringed, but managed to shake it off.
“No.” He chuckled and shook his head to keep the tears back in his head. “That would be impossible. It won’t happen.”
“You’re sure?”
“I’m positive.”
“Okay, good.”
“After supper, maybe we’ll watch a movie. You can pick.”
“Can I sit with Grandpa?”
“Yes, of course you can.”
She opened her book again and touched a picture of Garfield drooling over a plate of lasagna. She giggled and turned the page. He ran his hand through her hair and onto her cheek. He pinched lightly, and she smiled wide, a tooth missing on her top row. “Dooonnn’t,” she groaned. 
“I’m gonna go talk to Grandpa. You stay put. I’ll come get you in a few minutes.”
“Okay.”

***

My mind shifted. Faces changing, memories, timelines … I couldn’t tell if I was lost or if I had returned. Panic struck as I stood there staring at a girl who I knew was my granddaughter and yet I had no idea what her name was. And if I had a granddaughter … I shifted my focus to the man in the picture. My son.
Adam.
His wife.
My legs struggled to support me, and my heart raced with sheer panic. I was in a whirlwind of confusion. I was well aware of my hysteria.
A hand caressed my shoulder. “Don’t worry. I’m Kate, your son’s wife. You’re okay. You just get things mixed up from time to time. You know me. I know that.”
I turned to her, mumbling something. I wasn’t sure what exactly I was trying to say off the start. Her eyes were clear, and her face was strong, unaffected by my idiocy. “I … uh, where is Adam? I-I’d like to talk to him.”
“Right here, Dad.”
Adam stood in the entrance of the kitchen, staring at me. He poured himself a glass of wine, stepped over, and clinked my glass, which I had forgotten was in my hand. We both sipped and said nothing. 
“Well …” I could feel my center of gravity returning. I had my feet underneath me. “Where is that little one? Or are you in the middle of hide-and-seek?”
“She’s in her room reading but—”
“Good girl!” It was good to hear. “I hope she never stops reading. You haven’t stopped reading, have you?”
“I read. Write occasionally.”
I didn’t know he was a writer, but I played along. I knew I had played along before, just wasn’t sure how often. “Right, right. You’re a damn good one, too,” I said without hiding the uncertainty. 
He smiled sullenly. “Satisfactory,” said my son.
“Can I read some of your latest work tonight?”
“I don’t really have anything on the go. Just a couple articles for the local paper.”
“Well, I read the paper.”
“Okay. You can read them on my Mac.”
I couldn’t help but scoff. This pleased him. “Humanity should pack it in.”
“We might have to with Skynet and all. It’s either that or global warming.”
I could tell he figured the first bit was over my rattled head. “I’ve seen Terminator, dipshit.”
Kate spit out some of her wine.
I saw a little head of curly hair poke out from the corner of the entrance by the staircase. “You were hiding from me, weren’t you?”
She nodded and stepped out cautiously. 
“Are you just gonna stand there, or are you gonna give me a hug? I haven’t had a hug in quite a while.”
She rushed over and jumped into my arms. As I held her, I thought of Karen. I felt the love that I never thought I would feel again. I didn’t even care to dwell on the reality that was my disabled mind; I was too busy discovering something I had yearned for for so long. The depression was gone. I booted it out the fucking door. 
I was hungry. 
I lowered Suzy to the ground, and she told me that she had made the Kraft Dinner herself. Then she made a remark about her mom needing all the help she could get, and we all shared a laugh. We sat at the table together and ate in silence. I marveled at the scene before me. I ate.
And then reality, with its sharpness, bit. I stopped. I set my fork down next to my plate. I felt the déjà vu as I looked at the both of them and asked, “How many times?”
“We don’t have to talk about that right now,” said Adam.
“How many?”
Adam sighed. “I don’t know. Sometimes, you come over and it’s no problem. Sometimes, you’re confused, but you’re all right. Sometimes, you …”
“What?” I had done something ridiculous. It was there in my mind, but I couldn’t access it.
“Your old assistant, Jeffrey, and his wife, Kathrine. You swap us with them.”
“ ‘Swap’ them? I don’t do that.”
Kate was clearly frustrated as she calmly turned to me. “Where have you been the past week, Austin?”
I didn’t think it was a trick, though maybe she did. She’d never liked me. “I’ve been at home, slaving away on nothing.”
“No. Y—”
“Kate. That’s enough.”
“Like hell it’s enough. Where in the fuck have I been the past week?” I immediately regretted swearing as I felt my face redden. “I’m sorry, Suzy. That’s a very mean word to say. It’s not nice.”
“You had a heart attack,” my son’s wife said. “You went hiking with Adam, and you had a heart attack halfway on your way back. Adam carried you for miles.”
It was absolutely ridiculous. “I haven’t done a hike like that in years.”
Adam flashed her a nasty look, and she went back to staring at her plate.
“What we all need to do is relax and eat our food,” said Adam.
“I guess I better relax. Apparently, I had a heart attack.” I turned to Suzy, smiled, and winked. 
She laughed. “You’re silly, Grandpa.”
I liked hearing that. Grandpa. 
Then she looked up from her plate, tentative as she considered speaking. “It’s okay that you can’t remember things. I forget things too. I could just remind you if you want?”
“Would you do that for me?”
She nodded and took a big spoonful of Kraft Dinner. 
“Thank you,” I said. “And thanks for supper, Suzy. It’s delicious.”
“You’re welcome.” 
The next ten minutes were ruined by intense awkwardness. I could only imagine all of the thoughts rattling around in each of our minds. It may have been best to spill them all. Then again, maybe they had been spilled before.
How long had I been causing them grief? How long had Adam been living in Iceland? I knew he was in Minnesota for college, but … Oh … 
“You okay, Dad?”
“Chris? Jessie? Where are they? Why aren’t they here for supper?” I couldn’t hide the panic in my voice.
“They’re fine. Doing well. Chris is in LA. Jessie is still in Minnie.”
I couldn’t picture their faces. They had just briefly left my mind. It’s okay. Jessie. Chris. Jessie. Chris. You only forgot for a second. It’s been a long day. I had a heart attack. 
I could continue to grasp at fragments, until I had enough pieces. I missed Chris very much. “Chris is still doing commercials?”
“Yeah. He did some toothpaste ad.”
I didn’t know a thing about Jessie. My own daughter, and I felt nothing for her.
Adam stopped eating. “Jessie is in advertising. She’s married to Keith. They have two boys: Ryan and Jackson.”
“Oh … I see. That’s good then.”
“It’s okay, Dad.”
My eyes began to fill. “Is it?”
Nobody said anything. 
“I haven’t seen them since … since they were kids.”
“They’re just busy lately, you know? Chris, with the acting, he can barely rub two pennies together, let alone pay for a flight out here.”
“Well, I’ll pay for him.”
“We can’t afford to be doing that.”
He was probably right, but I didn’t want to hear it. I picked up Suzy’s plate. “You need more food, hey?”
“I’m sorta full.”
“A little more KD maybe?”
“Just a little.”
“Okay.” I kissed her on the top of her head, gave her one big scoop, and poured myself a second glass of wine. Alcohol probably wasn’t allowed, but I didn’t care. My world was upside down, so I figured I deserved a few extra sips of Shiraz.
I took in a deep breath and released it quietly before I sat back down. “So … how are you two doing? Kathrine, how’s the school year going?”
“I work at a law office in town.”
“Since when?” My anger had abruptly risen again. 
“I don’t teach. I do administrative work.”
“But you used to teach.”
“I’m sorry, no.”
I stayed quiet, and the clinks and clanks of cutlery filled my mind, and I soon became irritated by it all. I needed out of this nightmare, and worst of all, there was a sensation that I had to be doing something—something important. 
Nobody was speaking to me because they didn’t know what to ask. I was crazy. What do you ask a crazy person?
“Alzheimer’s at sixty-five …” Unfortunately, I had no follow-up to that statement.
Again, they exchanged a message in a glance.
“What this time?” 
“You’re seventy-five, Dad.”
“Bullshit, I’m seventy-five. Bullshit.” I looked at Suzy. “I’m not sorry for that one, dear. It’s bullshit.”
She snickered and looked to her mom and dad for guidance. 
“Suzy, go wash up and pick out a movie, okay?”
She did as she was told, apparently eager with an idea as to which movie they would be watching. 
Adam leaned over his plate and stared at me. “Let’s just enjoy the night. Don’t worry about all that.”
“That’s a pretty bold statement.”
“You just … you don’t understand.”
“Yeah, that’s the problem. Fill me in.”
“We have filled you in—” he snapped. “We’ve filled you in plenty of times. We’re tired.”
Kathrine stood and collected plates. I watched her face as she avoided me. 
“You want to call her ‘Kathrine.’ You want her to be your old assistant’s wife, but she’s not. She’s your daughter-in-law, Kate. Stop calling her ‘Kathrine.’ Just stop!”
My heart was catapulting out of my chest. “I know she’s my daughter-in-law. Don’t tell me what I think.”
“It’s not your … It’s not his fault. Why are we even discussing any of this …?” He spoke to himself like I was not there. 
“I’d rather you yell at me than patronize me. Don’t do that again.”
He fell silent, face red, and I saw him as a boy being punished. I remembered him as a boy. 
“Okay. No more questions. I’m seventy-five. I have Alzheimer’s. I confuse my family with other people. My other two children are … God knows where … Minnesota. I am a crazy person.”
“Chris is in LA.”
“What in God’s name is he doing in Los Angeles?”
Another beat of silence proceeded.
“Acting.”
“Really?” I was pleasantly surprised. “You know, I remember his play. It was Christmas play of some sort. He was great.”
“Yes, I know,” said Adam.
Everything went blank. I looked down at the fork in my hand.
“What are you thinking, Dad?”
I sighed. “I’d like some wine. Do you have wine?” After asking, I looked at the full glass in front of me. “That was quick.”
“Should we finish up and put a movie in?”
“Sure, why not?”
I looked at Kathrine and then at Adam. “I should get back to work. I’ve taken too long of a break.”
“We’re going to watch a movie,” Adam said sternly.
“Right, okay. I’ll give myself the night off then.”
Adam laughed at me. 
I realized something so obvious. “I’m forgetting shit again.” 
He chortled again. 
“I don’t find the humor in it.”
“Stop worrying. You’re an intelligent, witty, often crass SOB. Just relax and enjoy yourself. Don’t worry about what you should and shouldn’t remember. That just makes it worse.”
I was somewhat relieved. I thanked God for the assurance Adam had supplied me. God hadn’t done much for me lately, but I thanked him for that. 
I shook my head. “This is stupid. Let’s go watch that movie, yeah?”
“Sure thing.”
I helped load the dishwasher and sat down next to Suzy. I put my arm around her, and she leaned up against me. Her eyes were heavy. She wouldn’t last more than thirty minutes.

***

Adam watched as his father and his daughter’s chests rose and fell, her head bobbing along with his chest. He angled his head to the right where Kate sat alone, eyes on the television screen.
Adam left them on the couch and stepped gingerly up the stairs to his bedroom. After collecting the pages from the office, he sat down on the edge of the bed and stared at his father’s rough draft. The moonlight crawled through the blinds, and his shadow was cast against the wall. He turned on the lamp on the corner of the nightstand. He didn’t feel like driving his dad home.
The door creaked open, and Kate walked in. She sat next to Adam on the bed. They didn’t say anything for a while.
“Eighteen pages,” said Adam. “Eighteen is the farthest he’s made it.” He picked up the manuscript and read the first two sentences. They were usually the same. Or some variation.
“How many attempts is that now?”
“A dozen? Something like that.”
Adam glanced at his wife’s lap. He had sobbed in that lap twice. He wouldn’t do it this time. Not after what he’d done.
“You can’t keep doing this,” she said. She traced her pointer finger over the lines of her left palm and stopped in the middle before closing her hand. “Literally, you can’t. You’ll kill him.”
“I know.”
“You’re killing yourself.”
“I’m fine.”
“No. You’re not. He’s old and sick. And you’ve become sick.”
“I can’t take him from his home.”
“He soon won’t know his home from any other home. It will progress faster and faster. He already lives in the guesthouse. He’s ‘Mr. Smith’ more than he is ‘Dad.’ ”
“You don’t understand.”
“I do understand. Maybe not off the start …” 
Adam looked at her with surprise. 
She continued, “I see that I was impatient and harsh. But I do understand now. I’ve seen this play out enough. I can’t pretend to feel what you feel. But I get it.”
“There are other ways. The hike may be finished, but I can keep him going. I’ll find a way to—”
“He’s not finishing that book. He’ll write the same thing over and over until his mind is gone. Don’t pretend that this is the main factor at hand here. It’s not, and you know that. You don’t want to put your Dad in a home. Everyone goes through this. Those lucky enough to have parents as long as you’ve had your dad, go through this.”
“He’s there though. He’s right there. It’s him.”
“He’s a clever, charming man. That makes it harder, no doubt. Even when he’s gone, he’s good. His symptoms are different than a lot of Alzheimer’s patients right now. We both know that. Hallucinations, timeline swaps, and blurs … But it’s heading the same direction, like all the rest.”
“So I abandon him then?”
“Oh, Adam. Go see him every day if you like. Put him in a home and let this writing fantasy go to bed.” She sighed. “Write the damn thing and be done with it. He’s given you the start. You write the rest. Lock yourself in your office. Suzy and I will talk to you in a month or two.”
“I can’t do that. Between the bar, the paper, and him, there’s no time.”
“Well, then find time.” This conversation often reached that point—where patience had broken and her annoyance and anger leapt to the forefront.
“Pay Royce more to take over the bar: the books, the inventory, all of it. She’ll be fine. I’ll look after your father. I’ll take Suzy to school as usual. You pick her up after school and take her to her swimming lessons—or skating school, the days it calls for. The rest is yours. Keep your head clear and write. Use his name, talk to his old publisher, and get this thing marketed and sold.”
“Then we can be done with it all: the writing, my father, maybe the bar? I could sell it …,” he fished with resentment at his core.
“I’m not asking for that. I’ve never asked for that.”
“Let’s just put our cards on the table here. You think what I do is a joke—an epic waste of time and a poor example set for our daughter.”
“I feel sorry for you … You’re compounding. You can’t deal with the one issue: Your dad needs professional care.”
“Fine. Say it’s done tomorrow.”
She laughed a bitter laugh. “You’re not even paying yourself enough of a salary to run that place. It’ll never get better. Best-case scenario, it covers some of our bills and is not worth the time you spend on it.”
“And the writing?”
“Why are you doing this?”
“Go on.”
“You know what I think.”
“Say it.”
“You think it’s about your abilities, your voice, your purpose. Nobody cares. I’m sorry. It’s true. There are too many stories. You’ve said it yourself, more than once: No one has time for fiction. Life is too busy, and the market is so cluttered, you don’t stand a snowball’s hope in hell … You’re a good writer, Adam. When I had more time, I used to enjoy your work. But it doesn’t matter anymore. Good writing, bad writing, you can’t give away enough books for free. It’s not some noble quest. You’re miserable. Write for yourself, like everyone else. Don’t do it as a career. Nobody does it as a career, and I’m sorry for that. I know how important it is to you, but it’s 2018. I wish you were in the ’60s. You probably would have made it by now. Or you’d be close, I’m sure.”
They hadn’t moved an inch on the side of the bed. There was no physical comfort, no backpedaling on her comments. The room was frigid and callous. And it was quiet.
“You don’t like who I am. I don’t know if you ever did.”
She didn’t reply until he laughed under his breath. 
“How on earth am I supposed to respond to that bullshit?” she said.
“With something truthful.”
“We used to have fun. You remember that? Probably not, it’s been so long. You were so fucking inspiring, but you were also fun. I believed in you so strongly, but—”
“Now you don’t.”
“You need to be inspired by something else. We have a greater responsibility than what excites us. Our passion is that curly headed little girl. People are meant to change and adapt. I don’t think you can.”
Another silence. The lights hummed.
“Aren’t you going to ask how I feel about you?”
“I already know.”
“How’s that?”
“If you still loved me, we wouldn’t be having this conversation. And you wouldn’t ask me these questions.”
“I guess I have changed then.”
She closed her eyes painfully. “Your brother, your sister. You’ve marked them as villains—”
“That’s uncalled for. That’s fucking uncalled for.”
“Call it what you want. You resent them. You were the noble one, right? Moved back out here to take care of him. Gave your mother’s insurance money to him. Keep him afloat, right?”
“What was I supposed to do? Leave him homeless?”
“I don’t know, Adam.” She stood. “What I do know is that he would’ve wanted you to move on with your life. You just never had the balls to ask him when he was in a good headspace. You didn’t ask him, because you don’t want to move on with Suzy and me.”
“You’re so full of shit.”
Tears welled in her eyes, as she scrunched her nose in disgust. “I’m going to bed. Alone.”
“Like I would join you.”
She looked at him like it would be the last time, then turned and left.
Adam went back downstairs to collect his daughter, but Kate had already put her to bed. He tapped on his dad’s shoulder, and when he came to, Adam saw that familiar confusion. Thankfully, it cleared. 
“How long was I out?”
“It was a lousy flick anyway. Let me take you back home.”
“Yeah, okay. Let me say goodbye to Kate first.”
“She’s in bed.”
“Oh, well make sure you thank her for me tomorrow then.”
“Will do.”
Adam felt horrible that he remembered his wife’s name. It was just another moment to toy with him. “Mr. Smith” would be back soon, as would “Jeffrey.”



 






Goodnight




On the ride back home, his dad said he was tired twice. The short-term memory lapses provided him with relief. It was the epic confusion of timelines that bothered Adam the most. And within those mixed timelines, fantasies were sometimes interjected. Sometimes he was writing a movie script, sometimes Adam was a stranger who his dad had just met, and much too often, there was the devastating notion that Mr. Smith had never had children, in which Adam became “Jeffrey.” 
Adam wanted to question his dad in the car to keep him on his toes, prevent his brain from doing a backslide. But he was too exhausted for any questions. They sat in silence, listening to the rough bumps the Jeep failed to cushion. They pulled up to his childhood house, the place he had spent so much time in as a man also. It was no longer a home to him. It was haunted by him and his father. There was a reason his dad spoke of ghosts so often: Ghosts were what they had become.
Adam followed behind his dad as he limped up the driveway, careful not to slip on the ice. If he chose left, to the guesthouse, they would assume their fictional roles; if he went to the right, their night would continue as father and son. To his relief, Austin angled right and walked through the front door.
Adam followed him in.
“Aren’t you going back home?”
“Mind if I stay here?”
“You don’t have to worry about me.”
“I’m not, I … I’d like to stay here. If that’s okay with you?”
“Of course.” It was like looking in a mirror thirty years ahead. They were the same man. Looked the same. Troubled the same.
Adam walked past his dad and opened the freezer, getting the frozen chocolate-chip cookies. Then he got the milk and poured two glasses. They both dunked their cookies like the most depressing version of an Oreo commercial, their expressionless faces lost as their cookies bathed in the milk.
“I can see her clear as day, you know?”
“I can too.”
“Can Chris?”
“I don’t know. Not very well.”
His dad nodded. “That’s too bad. A boy should remember his mother. Parents aren’t supposed to pick favorites. But children … It’s not right if Mom isn’t their favorite.”
“Mom didn’t have a lot of competition.”
Their laughs were fatigued.
“How old were you when she died?”
“Eighteen. Jessie was fourteen. Chris, eight.”
“Ah yes, Chris. The accident.”
“Yup.”
“Pretty good accident …” His face sunk, and his brow furrowed.
“Chris is fine. Really.”
“Good. Good.” Austin finished his cookie and glass of milk. “We had a good run, I suppose.”
“You know what we should do?”
“What’s that?”
“Take Suzy swimming this weekend. Think you can clear your schedule?” Adam asked.
He didn’t know why, but he expected a quick yes. Why would it be any different? 
Austin’s lips turned to one side in pretend consideration. “I’d love to, but I should get back to that machine first thing tomorrow. I can’t put it aside now. Especially … you know, considering my state. You’ll always keep me going, though, won’t you, son?”
Adam smirked as he always smirked. It became increasingly difficult each time. “You can count on me.”
“Don’t I know it.”
He looked at the Tupperware of cookies, then back to Adam. His eyes glazed, and he smiled. “I can still picture her face. Clear as day. A couple of stupid kids. Never a dull moment. She always said that’s why she was an insurance salesman: Keep the boring at work so the rest can be fun. Funny, how we didn’t sync up that way. I had to—”
“Keep life boring so your writing was exciting.”
“That’s right,” Austin smiled, understanding the repetition he couldn’t recall. “Bingo.”
Adam sighed.
I closed my eyes and grimaced. “I’ve buried her ten thousand times and I’m just trying to find some dignity in this goddamn mess.” Austin exhaled and chuckled painfully. “I’m sorry.”
“It’s bedtime. I’m gonna hit the guesthouse. Here.” Adam clinked out some aspirin out of the bottle onto the table in front of him. 
“What are these for?”
“Just do as you’re told.” Adam poured a glass of water and placed it in front of him.
“Sir, yes, sir.”
“Goodnight.”
“Goodnight, son.”

***

His alarm didn’t go off. Adam woke at nine in the morning and scrambled out of bed, then caught himself. What did he really have to rush for? His deadline was in a week, Royce was at the bar, and his dad was back—for now. 
Adam put the coffee on and walked around the corner to his dad’s room. The door was cracked open, and he was gone from his bed. Adam sighed, poured himself a cup, and walked over to the guesthouse. He arrived at the top of the stairs to find his dad hunched over the typewriter. His hair was a mess. He turned to Adam, eyes bloodshot. “Is that my coffee?”
“Not unless you take it with milk and sugar now.”
“What happened to my assistant? He used to be good.”
Adam stared into his coffee cup. It had happened enough times that he was used to flipping the switch, quickly devoid of disappointment on his face. But it was harder this time. “Your assistant”—Adam stopped himself from revealing the truth—“is tired of your complaining.” He took a sip. “What’s your plan today, boss?”
“One word. I just need one word. Then it’ll all come spilling out.”
“I’ll give you some privacy. No bagels today. You’re on your own.”
“Did I do something wrong?” Mr. Smith asked.
“Get typing.”
“Okay. Piss off then. Didn’t want you here anyway.”
“Have a good day.”
Adam walked outside, dumped his coffee in the snowbank, got into his old Jeep, and headed for the bar. 
The drive was no different from any other. It was another dreary day, a fog rolling between the buildings downtown. He sat in his vehicle for a moment, his mind bouncing around like a game of Pong. He entered.
Royce was reading a book at the bar. 
Adam strode toward her. He moved in close, and she accepted him. They kissed softly, and she ran her hand through his hair. He lowered his head to her chin and then fell into the nape of her neck. He stayed there. He didn’t wish to move, though he was embarrassed and felt he should. She didn’t say a word. They stayed like that for a while. 
“There are times he looks at me and he sees me—as a kid, I think. I don’t know if he knows me the way I am now.” 
Royce kissed his cheek and hugged him once more. 
“I don’t know what to do.”
“I know.”
“What do I do?”
She walked to the door, locked it, and flipped the sign to “Closed.” 
“Come on. I’ll make tea.”
They went to her apartment above the bar. She made tea, and they spent most of the day reading in bed. She was reading one of the Harry Potter books, and he was reading Orwell’s 1984. It had been so long, and he had wanted to read it a second time. They didn’t talk much. They were just there together. 
When the night began to fall and his worries had evaporated as he lost himself completely into the book, she pushed in tight against him. He continued to read with his head on her stomach, her hand resting in his hair. She leaned forward and kissed him.
They slept.















One Last Goodbye




My typewriter was soaked in blood. Hemingway would have been proud. Though there was plenty of blood, there weren’t many words—all of two pages. When one paragraph flowed like water, the next would be impossible to come by. I’d get stuck, and then my lazy mind would resort to daydreaming. We always want “easy,” as the pitiful creatures we are. It’s built in. You have to work hard to work hard. What a frustrating notion, I thought. I suppose it’s because we were wired to simply survive. No more, no less.
I heard the door open and close. Jeffrey.
He seemed more troubled than usual, and he was wearing his pajamas. “Is everything okay, Jeffrey?”
“No. It’s not okay.”
“What’s happened?”
Jeffrey turned to look out the large oval window. I liked that window. He turned back to me but did not speak. I examined the room in its entirety, and he appeared on the verge of breaking down in a heap on the soft carpeted floor. I was not ready for something like that. Jeffrey was a steady man, rarely impeached by a tender heart.
“I think we should do something fun,” I said. I didn’t want to leave, but I knew Jeffrey needed distraction. “What should we do, though? If we must drink, we can do that.”
His didn’t reply.
“Jeffrey …”
His eyes glistened, and I feared the worst: Someone in his family had died. I wasn’t the best at providing comfort. I was well out of practice.
“Did something happen?” I asked. 
“I’m resigning. Moving on to something else.”
“So nobody died, then?”
A tear spilled down his cheek and settled into his beard. He wiped at it. “No.”
“Well, don’t worry for a second about it. You need to look after yourself. I’ll be fine. Just as long as you keep in touch.”
“Look at me,” he said. “What do you see?”
I didn’t know what he was searching for, what he needed, so I spoke the truth because I respected him far too much to feed him anything but. “I see a good man with a ghost on his back.” 
Jeffrey nodded like I was smack dab on the money. 
I continued, “I see a man who needs to let go of something. You deserve to breathe.”
He laughed. “No, Dad, who do you see?”
“What do you …” 
His face. He became a stranger for a moment. Then he wasn’t a stranger. I had to remember something, something I’d buried. He stared at me longingly, needing me to understand. What had I forgotten? I’d forgotten before. I knew this. It was without question. I had to access it. It was vital …

***

The bitter cold had won. We were told not to expect colder than -10 degrees Celsius. We must have been fortunate to land our trip on a record because it was much colder. Granted, fatigue was what kept us from moving on; the cold, with its blustering wind, was doing its part in killing us. We couldn’t move. Even if I’d had the strength, I knew the injury to my stomach would not allow it. I turned to Karen. Her face was pale, but shallow breaths still escaped her lips. Her eyes were nearly frozen shut. I tapped her on the back, and she didn’t wake. I pulled her in close to better share our body warmth, and my stomach jolted with pain. She opened her eyes, but closed them again. I looked up at the sky and realized that the snow had stopped. It was clear. I could see everything.
I was overcome with an idea; the notion that I would roll over to find our truck atop the cliff within a few hundred yards. I would use every last ounce of life I had in me and drag her to the truck. We would drive into town, make it to a hospital, limp inside, and collapse in the entrance. Later, we would wake up in a warm hospital bed with fluids and medicine being pumped into our systems. Our beds would be side by side, and I would fight off sleep just to watch her heal.
I groaned, rolled over, and saw no cliff with our truck perched upon it. I didn’t know where we were. Perhaps we had passed our exit. It didn’t matter. I had to try something. I couldn’t wait there for us to die.
I pushed my knees in tight and rolled onto them. The pain was immense in my lower abdomen, but I managed. As soon as I straightened my torso, I yelled. I wanted to be the strong and brave hero who killed himself to save his wife. But I had to check first. I unzipped my jacked with numb fingers, and I stared at the blackness that had spread throughout my stomach. I rolled back over, held her, and kissed her hair. One more embrace before I started. Just one more. I closed my eyes and heard the hum of snowmobiles in the distance. 

***

Jeffrey waited for a reply. 
“I … but … I remember something …”
“What do you remember?”
“She died …”
Jeffrey sat down on the edge of the bed, keeping a safe distance away from me.
“Who died?” he asked, as if quizzing a child.
“Karen.” It was awful to say her name.
I studied his face. It all came at me in an instant, old stuff stored away in boxes. I knew he was my son.
“What’s my name?” my son asked.
“I know …”
He smiled. “I know you know.”
A rage burned inside of me when it had no such place to burn. 
“It’s ‘Adam,’ ” my son said.
I exhaled. “Adam. I know. I’m so sorry.”
“It’s okay.” Adam looked at my typewriter, then to me. “What else do you remember?”
“Karen. She died. She’s not your mother. Why can’t I remember your mother?”
He chortled through a light exhale. 
“Is this some sort of game to you?” I asked and regretted.
“You do remember my mother. You remember her all too well.”
“How?”
“How is it that you made it out of that open field, and she didn’t?”
“I … I can’t remember.” I searched that old memory, trying to assemble the fragments. “Someone came. But it was too late.”
“But it wasn’t too late. Karen was your wife, she was my mother, and you lived a long life together. She’s all you’ve ever wanted, and you had her.”
“But she died. I know she died.”
“Yes. She had pancreatic cancer and died in 2002. Not in ’70. You were married for thirty-three years, had three kids, lived in this house for all of it. You built this guesthouse in my graduation year, and halfway through, Mom was diagnosed. She died, and you and I finished it. I was going to move back to Minnesota, you remember?”
I shook my head. 
“I went for a year, dropped out of college, and came back. You and Mom had built the guesthouse for me. The plan was whenever I wanted to come home to visit, I’d have a place. And when Jessie and Chris were older, they could use it too. None of us were staying. And you encouraged us to leave because you understood it was what we wanted. You remember?”
“Yes, I remember.”
Adam smiled. “No. You don’t. It’s okay. You will again at some point. Granted, it will be no great revelation. It’ll be a reality for you.”
“You’re upset because of me.” I was only supposed to think it, but I said it out loud.
“No. I’m not upset.”
“You’re a shitty liar.”
“That’s debatable.”
“Not right now, it isn’t.”
“Oh, man.” Adam chuckled quietly. “I just …”
“Don’t know what to do with an old peasant like me?”
He didn’t reply.
The moonlight caught my eye, and I stared out at the driveway. I turned back to the intense bearded man. I startled myself, not being able to recall his name. Why was I not able to access it? It was right there, in the corner of my mind. He had been so loyal to me. So very good to me. 
“Everything all right?” I asked.
He smiled at me. “Everything is fine. Can I assist you with anything, you old miserable prick?”
I calmed and laughed. “I’m hungry, Jeffrey. Fix me something nice.”
“Best I can offer is helping you cook. Otherwise, you’ll just complain.”
“I’ll take it.”
We reheated homemade burgers and diced up some french fries and cooked them in the oven. They weren’t as crispy as we’d hoped for, but our patience had worn thin. We devoured the food and had ice cream with chocolate sauce for dessert. We put on the hockey game; the Wild were playing the Calgary Flames. I was getting tired, my eyes closing intermittently, and then I heard Adam.
“Can I ask you something, Mr. Smith?”
“Did you get hit on the head?”
“What?”
“Why’d you call me that? It’s weird.”
“Sorry.”
“What did you say?”
“I was going to ask you something.”
“Shoot.”
“What do you do when you have to make an important decision?”
“I take three deep breaths.”
“Seriously?”
I shook my head. “Fuck, no. I guess I weigh the pros and cons. Then I usually end up throwing that list out the window. I’ve always been a follow-your-gut kind of guy.”
“What if it involves hurting someone?”
I was certain he was referring to his marriage. I’d seen that look before—other friends from long ago who’d held that same look. “Do what you must. Whatever that is, you do it as honestly and respectfully as you can. Sometimes, there’s more bad than good. It gets messy. But you deal with it. There’ll be enough good around the corner to make up for it.”
“That makes sense.”
“It does? I was just making it up on the fly, my boy.” I looked back at the TV. “Care to get into specifics, or can you handle your shit on your own?”
“I’ll handle my shit.”
“Good.”

 
 




















Father




Thirteen months later …

Adam stood in the middle of boxes and vacant walls. His home was a shell, and it was already easy to forget what it was like when it was lived in. He hadn’t seen Suzy in three months. She was in Minnesota with her mother. He missed her. The boxes were scattered, so he stacked them all near the entrance and then took a coffee break before he loaded up the cube. He stopped and took one last look at his home. He would have felt nothing at all had it not been for the bareness, the house not being dressed with Christmas lights like he had always been fond of. It was the only time it seemed like they were a proper family. 
After loading up, he stopped to pick up bagels. Then he drove to the care home. 
The lights were yellow down the hall. He walked past rooms, each one marked with the name and picture of the old resident. Half looked sad; half were smiling. He made it to reception located next to a reading area. Past reception there were residents that required more care due to their physical or cognitive impairments. Adam asked if Austin Smith was packed and ready.
The curvaceous woman with a pretty dimpled smile (he’d forgotten her name) seemed to be in a fine mood. “Hi, Adam. Tess is just going through the checklist with him. You can go join.”
Adam put the bag of bagels on the counter and then noticed a fold-out table to the left, a large bowl filled with bagels. “I should have brought donuts or something.”
“This is great. Those are old. Thank you very much.”
“Okay … Well, I can’t say for certain when he’ll be back.”
“As long as his rent is paid, his room will be left untouched.”
“Of course. Thank you.”
“Good luck with your trip, Adam.”
Adam smiled. “Thanks.”
He proceeded down the hall and could hear his father’s voice. Adam rounded the corner, and his dad looked confused and irritated. The nurse, Tess, never talked down to his father. She had a way of stepping into his discombobulated world, seemingly struggling along with him.
“I know where my passport goes. You don’t have to tell me,” said Austin. 
“Yeah, but I’ll tell you just to be an annoyance.”
“Oh, I know that.” Austin smiled, shook his head, and noticed Adam standing in the doorway.
“What are you doing here?”
Adam was cautious. “Here to get you.”
“And where are we going, son?”
Adam’s shoulders relaxed. “On a trip.”
“I don’t know if I have time for a trip. I’ve …” He stared out the window for a moment. “What are we doing here, Adam? I need to be at home, working. I’m on a deadline.”
He turned and furrowed his brow. He searched Adam’s face. It was a look Adam was familiar with: His dad was studying the outline of Adam’s face, attempting to discern which character Adam should be. His dad laughed and clapped his hands together. “Adam! What the hell you doing here?”
“Came to see you.”
“Lucky me.”
“You ready to go?”
He looked down at his packed suitcase and carry-on bag. “It would seem so. Let’s get the hell out of here. Wait. Where we going again? Home?”
“Minnesota.”
He laughed nervously. “We’re in Minnesota.”
Adam remained casual. “We’re in Iceland. We’re going back to Minny to visit your granddaughter, Suzy.”
He was blank for only a second, and then it clicked into place. “Suzy Q!” A look of urgency appeared. “Shit. It’s been way too long, hasn’t it? Let’s get a move on.”
“Sure, let’s go.”
They loaded up the luggage and began their drive to the airport. Adam had to refrain from conversation, as much as he wanted to constantly reassure his dad. It would become exhausting, and he needed to spare his energy for the troublesome moments yet to come. This would be no easy trip. They’d start with an overnight stop in Minny to see Kate and Suzy. Then they’d hop back on a plane and head for LA. They would do some camping and go to a winery, then spend as much time as they could with Chris.
“This is the wrong way,” said Austin.
“We’re going to the airport.”
“What? What for?”
“We’re going to visit Kate, Suzy, Jessie, then Chris.”
“Who’s Jessie?”
“The neglected middle child. I’m your second favorite; Chris is your first-place finisher,” Adam teased. 
“I don’t have favorites.”
“No?”
“No … You’re last, for the record.”
Adam laughed. “Is that so? After all I’ve done for you?”
His dad grumbled and stared out the window. “Where in God’s name are we off to?” He examined the street signs, and then an airport sign followed. “We are on the wrong side. I don’t have time for this, Jeffrey.”
“Who’s Jeffrey?” Adam asked.
“My beloved assistant who never does as he’s told.”
“You haven’t talked to your beloved assistant in fifty years. You’re talking to your son right now. And guess what?”
His face remained blank. “What?”
“We’re going on a trip.”
“A trip? Where? I can’t.”
“Oh, you can, and you will. You need a break. And you have no choice in the matter.”
“That so?”
“It is so.”
Adam savored the silence that followed. They pulled up to the airport departures and began unloading. His dad helped, though Adam could tell he didn’t understand that they were going on a trip together. Royce came out of the sliding doors, and Adam tossed her the keys.
“Inspection went okay? New owners are happy?”
“How could they not be happy?” she said with a smirk.
“Okay, I’ll take him in and get our boarding passes. You park this box.”
Thankfully, they made it through security without any fuss, probably because his dad was too fearful to question his sanity in public, especially with security guards watching. He did as he was told through the metal detector and passed with flying colors. There wasn’t even a need to explain his Alzheimer’s.
Royce carried much of the conversation while they waited for their flight to board. She was good with him. He liked her. There were moments when it seemed as though he understood what their relationship was; others, he was completely off, thinking she was a colleague, wife, sister—really, anything he could conjure up. 
“Where are we going?” he asked again. 
“Paradise City.”
“Vegas?”
“I wish. We’re going to Minnesota. Then Los Angeles.”
He didn’t say anything. He read his boarding pass.
“Does that work for you?”
“I guess it’ll have to.”
“That’s right.”
Adam watched a plane angle into its parking lane. The sky was gray, and the men outside in bright vests moved rigidly in the chilly weather. Their breath rose into the air, and water droplets trickled down the window. He was anxious about what lay ahead. But he had Royce with him, and that made him feel better about it.
They settled into their seats, and Adam gave his dad the aisle in case he had to use the washroom. Adam was tired but would not allow himself to sleep. His dad was on edge and wasn’t going to improve any. Adam looked at Royce, who was scanning through a playlist on her phone. He turned to his dad, who was watching other people place their bags in the overhead. He had both hands gripped tightly around the armrests. 
Adam reached into his bag and pulled out a hardback copy of his novel, Walking with Mr. Smith, “New York Times bestseller” positioned at the top and “Austin Smith” at the bottom. The cover was an overhead photograph of the Icelandic tundra, his family home positioned in the distance.
Adam waited for the plane to take off and then pulled down his dad’s tray and set the book on it. 
His dad fingered the title that protruded. He read his name at the bottom. “What the hell is this?”
“Your book.”
“I didn’t write this.”
“You wrote half. I wrote the rest.”
He stared at it for a while. He leaned back in his chair and handed it back to Adam, then looked away.
“Don’t you want to read it?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Never mind that.”
“Because you don’t like reading your work? What about my work?”
He shook his head and stared straight ahead into the back of a bald head in front. “Too hard to follow.”
“Since when?”
“I don’t know.”
“I see. Maybe after some rest. You can sleep.”
“Just put it away, please.”
“Sure. No problem.”
After thirty minutes of people-watching, his dad fell asleep. Royce’s eyes were closed, ear buds in, but it didn’t seem she was asleep. She always liked to listen to music with her eyes closed. Adam reached over the armrest and held her hand. She smirked, and her eyes remained closed. Adam shut his too.

***

Royce stayed put at the hotel. Adam’s dad settled in once he got reacquainted with Suzy. Adam didn’t talk much with Kate. Instead, he put up Christmas lights for her on their side of the duplex. Kate’s new boyfriend arrived halfway through the job and helped, handing him lights as he shuffled along the front side. His name was Taylor. He seemed nice enough. Quiet.
For dinner, they had Pizza Hut, and Suzy cherished every bite of her plain cheese. It was all fine. His dad behaved and wasn’t overly confused—or at least chose not to talk all that much. He only repeated himself a few times. It was no trouble. Suzy told him he was silly. He enjoyed that. 
Taylor owned a small security company. He had started out as a cop, but had decided he wanted more control in his career and liked the idea of owning his own business. Kate seemed relaxed, had three glasses of wine, and was good with Adam’s dad.
“Where is Royce?” she asked.
Adam set down his crust and swallowed down his previous bite. “At the hotel. She had some work to finish up.”
“What sort of write-up this time?”
“Her little sister actually hooked her up with this blog gig. She does reviews for some smaller indie films, some semi-popular stuff. She interviews some of the actors.”
“That’s great. Any I’d know?”
“Mostly B-listers. I don’t know.”
An awkward silence followed. “You know you don’t have to hide her.”
“I know.”
Silence again. 
“Who’s Royce?” asked his dad.
“Adam’s girlfriend,” said Kate.
“And here I thought you were. I’m out of touch.”
Kate’s humorous smile disappeared, and her face reddened.
“You’re a cute little one,” his dad said to Suzy. “I like your curly hair.”
“Thank you. I like your white hair.”
“Thank you.” He patted her head. “You’re my granddaughter. You know that?”
“I know that, Grandpa.”
“Good. I need you to remember that for me.”
“Okay.”
They didn’t stay long. Adam said goodbye to Suzy like he’d be gone for a very long time. He didn’t expect to be, though he had no clue what his plan was. After their trip had played out, it was possible that his father would be placed in a home in Minnesota. Adam would rent a place in Minny and start from scratch with the majority of his family close. It made sense.

***

They had gotten one room because Adam didn’t want his dad alone in a separate room. He feared that he would wander in the night, though there had been no issues at his place in Reykjavik. 
Royce fell asleep with her laptop open, and Adam closed it and set it next to the bed. He kept his lamp on and turned his dad’s off, as he had also drifted off. He opened his bag and pulled out his hardback novel, then flipped to the first page and read:

Lying in my own piss, I strained to keep my eyes open. I crawled. The snow crunched between my fingertips as I pulled myself to her. The sun had failed us yet again, and this time around, as darkness descended, I knew it would be our last together. The wind continued to roar, and I was numb from head to toe. I stretched my frozen muscles and grasped for more ground. She was on her stomach, but her face was tilted to the side. As I reached her side, I didn’t want to look at her face. I was in no hurry, as time would not be of essence. If she was in bad shape but still alive, me being frantic would do us no good. 
The snow had not let up, and I couldn’t see a goddamn thing. The treacherous conditions had left us with zero recourse. I couldn’t walk, regardless. I was being poisoned from the inside out from my stomach wound, and I feared that Karen, my fiancée, was dead. 
As I stared at the colorless face that was my future, I experienced profound hopelessness for the first time in my life.
And yet, she drew breath. I pulled her in tight and pressed my cheek against hers. I told her that we would be okay, that help would come, that she had to hang on, that we were going to have children, that we would travel the world, that we would get old and weathered. I told her that we would have it all. She said, “Okay,” and she promised to hang on. 
But the snow continued to fall without mercy. The cold held. The wind burned. We would die there. Although I was afraid of death, I took comfort not in God, but in her. At least I had found her. I would have rather found her and died there in the snow than to have lived a long life having never met her. 
We lay cheek to cheek and waited. The wind howled through the spirit of death. But we were together, waiting for the wind to calm.

Adam set the book on the nightstand and turned to shut off his lamp. He caught his father’s eyes, unblinking. “You need anything? A glass of water?”
“No.” His father continued to stare.
“You okay?”
As if without formation, a tear spilled down his cheek and crashed into the bedding. With clear voice, he spoke, “Have I let you down, son?”
Adam took the slightest of breaths in and held it there for a moment. “Not once.”
His father returned to his back, closed his eyes, then opened them and gazed at the ceiling fan that moved in slow rotations. “I’m old.” He sighed. “How old are you?”
“It’s hard to say at the moment.”
A silence followed, and Adam laid his finger against the power switch at the base of the lamp. “We should get some rest, okay? Wake me if you need anything.”
His eyes were now closed. “Thank you, Adam.” 
Adam flicked the switch, leaving them in the pitch black. He lay on his back for a moment or two, contemplating nothing at all. He inched over and held Royce in his arms. She kissed his hand, and he buried his face into her hair. He didn’t know their future. He cared for her, and that was good enough for now. Adam couldn’t bog his tired mind down with theories of what his relationship with Royce was and where it was heading—there was no looking-glass. Instead, he took comfort in her embrace, and he slept. 
He dreamed that night of a sight like no other. He was atop that mountain, breathless, his father keeled over and breathless. It was utterly beautiful.




About the Author
 
Brandon Enns is a novelist and award-winning screenwriter. Novel or film, he simply enjoys a good story and feels inclined to write some of his own. When he isn’t writing, he is likely on the golf course with two cold ones in his cart. Brandon currently lives in Melfort, Saskatchewan. Visit www.brandonenns.com for more information on Brandon, his upcoming novels, and prize giveaways.




Other Novels    
 
Islanders
Copperhead Road 
The Night is Cold
Loss of the Decade 



You can follow me on the following channels: 
Facebook.com/BrandonEnnsNovels/ Instagram@ennsbrandon 
www.brandonenns.com 

You can contact me at ennsb11@gmail.com. I look forward to hearing from you!
 
