

WHEN LIONS DANCE
BOOK 2
THE KINGS OF EXILAND

P.D. STARGAZER

Copyright © 2018 P.D. Stargazer
All rights reserved.
stargazerstories.com
Distributed by Smashwords
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Ebook formatting by ebooklaunch.com

CONTENTS
Prologue
1. The Disgruntle
2. No Place To Hide
3. Harmon’s Plan
4. A Message Goes To Hummy
5. Things We Didn’t Know
6. Prince Von’s Cottage
7. Towten Palace
8. Hummy Palace
9. Victory Is Near
10. First Blessings From Exile
11. Von’s Dilemma
12. The Fall And Rise
13. Avery’s Peace Treaty
14. A Loyal Loss
15. Dark Plans
16. Old Love And Lies
17. At Last My Love
18. Love, Lies, And Whys
19. Von’s Back
20. Old Confessions
21. The Way Things Change
22. Awe Gabriel
23. Wolf And Lamb
24. The Burning
25. Bumps In The Road
26. Heart Sinking
27. The Dress
28. The Bath
29. Donna’s Boys
30. Chin’s Potion
31. Blair Brings Gabe
32. Nina Is Dressed
33. Nina Gets Gabe
34. Gabe Meets Chin
35. Nina Takes Gabe For A Ride
36. Von And Donna
37. Von Asked
38. Gabe’s Grand Tour
39. Carla Kills Ruskin
40. Marcus Wants A Report
41. Caravan To Towten
42. Gabe At Exiland
43. Donna’s Boys
44. Gabe Comes Home
45. Nina Wants Her Bath
46. Von’s Shares His News
47. The Queen Says Goodbye
48. Von Finds Kissly
49. Von And Blair Fight Fire
50. Von Gives Donna A Bite
51. Salen Saves His Son
52. New World Jovial
53. Markus Discovers
54. Harmon Discovers Marcus Has Fled
55. Rose Finds Kissly
56. Kissly And Rose Are Found
57. He’s Dying
58. Marcus Runs
59. Von Blows The Dam
60. The Kings Of Exiland
61. The Windup
62. The Roundup
63. This Is Mine
64. Goodbyes
65. A New World
66. My Beautiful Son
67. Gifts To TowHummy

PROLOGUE
For almost a generation the Towten and Hummy lived in peace. As hoped the dense forest kept the rest of the world away… for a while. It was a dream come true. They built a series of dams that slowed the river in the spring and opened up a huge fertile valley. The birds sent back salivating stories of adventure, and many forest people made the journey. At first, they took to the trees with pulleys and swings, but after the dams, the forest changed. The furry moss turned into a dense, fast growing thicket of trees, impossible to penetrate. But that was all to change.
As the king had promised her, the Towten were building the Queen’s dream palace upon a black rock mountainside. It was of a beautiful shiny hard black stone. But when they quarried, they discovered gold, lots of gold. As the river ran through the majestic soaring mountains, it deposited the glimmering wealth in large amounts. Enough for everyone in Tow to have a stash. But what’s the use of having it if you can’t spend it?
Even so, the Hummy built a splendid palace farther down in the valley and closer to the Lossmen. Cutting the limestone, they were sure to find gold, but they didn’t. Somehow this just didn’t seem fair, and although the Tow were big-hearted in gifts of gold, the Hummy imagined there must have been plenty for them to be so generous.
Then when digging a waterway, the Hum discovered a cave with a cache of gems like no other in size or color. This kept the balance for some time, but still, there was no place to spend such wealth. Crowns and jewelry, plates of gold, goblets, trinkets, and even furniture, it all got boring.
But where there is wealth there often comes a way. Birds carried the story and small gifts of gems and gold to the Misch. Soon dreams of making a fortune took life, along with deep thought on the main problem. How to travel through the impossible Mellows or Lossmen Forest safely.
When he was a young man, Tim Tippy of the Misch village along with his father and uncle made the journey to the Inland. Leaving his father there, they returned with riches and stories. Still, the trip had been dangerous, as his father lost the use of his arm. Others lost their lives or were missing. But Tim remembered from the swings a pattern in the trees below. Like a map, a live moving map.
He was the first to navigate his way to the Inland. At this point, other serious issues had to be dealt with. Neither the Towten nor Hummy wanted to be accessible to the outside world. That’s what the Inland was all about, isolation, its impenetrable barriers had kept it safe. That had to be secured above all else. A pack was made upon the life of the Tippy family that they would never show an outsider the ways of navigation. If an outsider should ever find his way, all merchants would be barred for life. It just wasn’t worth the loss.
Only twice a year was the journey possible, and a special wagon was designed to carry goods back and forth. It became a well guarded business operation. The Misch became the merchants to the Inland and were rich beyond their dreams. Even under torture, they never gave away the secret to navigation, and they perpetuated their stories of evil demons and cannibalism, keeping the Green, their forest, safe.
When gold finally found its value again, the Towten emerged wealthier than the Hummy and greed caused the Hum to rethink peace. How about one people, under one king and one kingdom called Hummy? This was unacceptable to the proud Towten who knew themselves to be the first to claim the Inland. The Hummy attacked the Towten and lost over and over. Every year for generations war started in late spring and ended in late summer. Sadly, even in an isolated world of their own, there was no peace.
And as they fought among themselves, only mother nature could protect them… but not forever.

1.
THE DISGRUNTLE
King Salen sat at a small table in a small room enjoying his lunch of roasted chicken, bread and fruit. The room had a golden hue from sunlight filtering in through the huge open window. His heavily jeweled crown sat next to his plate.
A giggling servant boy ran in, bowed, and a well dressed maiden followed just behind him. “My King, you called for me?”
“Yes.” He glanced up for a moment. “Have a seat and join me for Lunch.” She took a seat and a piece of apple and gave it a small bite.
It’s quiet for too long, so she tries to make conversation. “What a wonderful day it’s turning out to be.” She got up and stood by the window letting the sunlight bathe her face. Still, he has nothing to say, just goes about eating. She turned to the table and refilled his goblet. She stood behind him and combed her fingers through his long gray hair. He stopped eating for a moment and threw his head to the side in enjoyment.
He turned to the other side when suddenly the quiet serenity was disrupted by a commotion outside. The maiden stopped to take a look. The king went back to eating.
“It’s your son my King, Harmon has returned.” She frowned. “He, he looks a little upset.”
The pitch of his voice could be heard well up and into the room, enough to change the mood of the maiden and the servant boy. “My king, perhaps we should return later, I’m sure your son has a lot to talk about.” The king shook his head no.
She sat looking as uncomfortable as the servant boy. They can clearly hear him roar, “Where’s my father?” His voice bellowed down the hall, and the doors burst open. He stormed in still wearing his breastplate, arm guards, and gloves.
The King never missed a beat eating. Harmon leaned over the table toward the maiden threateningly. She glanced up for an instant. “My king,” she flushed with fear and asked almost pleading, “May I please be excused?”
The king looked up annoyed and waved her off. She and the servant boy quickly slipped out, closing the doors behind them.
Harmon pulled off his armor notched gloves and slammed them down on the table knocking an unlit candle over. He pulled off his arm guards and threw them to the floor. He leaned over the end of the table staring at his father furious, breathing loud enough for the king to hear.
But the king paid little attention and pulled a huge dark and perfect grape from his plate. He looked it over and bit into it as if it were a small apple. “Oh, that’s sweet.” He popped the rest into his mouth and gave his son a pathetic look. He wiped his hands and mouth. “So, how was the Convergence of Power?
Harmon moved in closer, simmering with anger. His teeth clenched so tight his gums turn white. He yelled, “Degrading, I was disgraced, ignored, I hated it!” He stood with his arms crossed.
The king pushed his plate away and leaned back in his chair, relaxed and unfazed by his son’s temper tantrum. “I noticed you returned a little early.”
His father’s mellow response calmed him a bit. “I will never go again.”
The king poured himself more wine. “Don’t get so distraught over nothing, they’re just jealous.” Harmon paced the floor using his hands to blow out his story. “They ignored me, treated me like a servant. I thought any moment someone would cry out… Hey you, bring me my shoes.”
The king sighed to hold back a chuckle, “Harmon, Harmon, you’re a prince, heir to the largest kingdom in Lapuslandee. Tell me, do you desire anything that isn’t given to you?”
Harmon slammed his fist on the table. “Respect!”
Still not fazed by his son’s outburst, the King responds. “Oh, they respect you. They just want to tempt you. Let me guess… Hennis, my own brother, may have said something like… Just imagine an empire like Sawtee, why with the Towten gold, Sawtee would become the center of the world.”
Breathing deeply with a few sweat beads on his forehead, Harmon sat and leaned toward his father. His words so sharp, he spat when he spoke. “Exactly, and he’s right. We would be… and what’s wrong with that? The gold is right there, in that small little finger, a nothing in comparison. Yet we never even speak of them, and they’re nothing!”
The king raised an eyebrow. “Did you notice your uncle didn’t offer to give you a hand at such a simple task?”
Harmon calmed down a bit more. “Why would they? We are the Sawtee Empire. And yes, I have never wanted for anything. So why should we be held back by that twit of a spot on the map? They don’t even know the rest of the world exists.”
The king sipped his wine and looked off in thought. “It was never a man-to-man type of warfare. They’ve never had to lift a finger. They never even knew we were there. We never got that close.”
Harmon impatiently interrupts. “Yes, yes I know the story.”
The king made eye contact. “If I hadn’t seen it for myself, there, glimmering in the snow like huge gems stones, beautiful but horrifying.” His eyes narrowed with a grimace of disgust. “One touch and they shattered, men, horses, everything living.”
Harmon rolled his eyes and barked, “Father!” to steady the king’s attention. “You were lost in the snow for weeks. It was a miracle you survived.” He gets to his feet, his eyes leveled; “I plan to take Hummy and Towten.” His demeanor changed to soft and contemplative, as he threw one hand up in the air. “Then I’ll take you up into those mountains,” he pointed, “and set you free, free from your delirious fairy-tale.” He heads toward the door.
The king gave him a serious look, “Son! I wasn’t the first. It was your grandfather and his father before him. This story is old.”
Harmon leaned on a chair, and into his father’s face. “But the tales stop with me. They will know I am there. Be proud father, it stops with me. The old tail has an ending, I’m writing it.”
Harmon left the room much calmer than he entered. Salen’s eyes wandered with his thoughts. He shook his head and gulped his goblet empty, then poured another. “My son, my son, myself. How do I stop you? No one could stop me.”

2.
NO PLACE TO HIDE
Later that night, lovely Mana stared at her handsome Harmon. They sat alone for dinner, a table filled with color and variety, pleasing to any overindulging eye. Harmon said nothing; he picked at his plate and looked off deep in thought.
Mana was not especially happy to see him like this, sulking. He never seemed to keep it to himself. His bad mood had a way of floating around like a dark cloud, that touched everyone in the palace until there was no laughter, just whispering. She would feel like she did something for everyone if she could lift his spirits a little.
Unable to escape his ranting and raving she decided perhaps joining in his thoughts would help him expel his negative emotions.
He pushed his plate away and fell back in his chair. Exhausted, he closed his eyes. She saw her moment, and light as a feather she tiptoed behind him, kissed him on the head and started to massage his temples.
He sat up and started in again, “Regardless of what my father says, my uncle was right. Just think of what we could be if we had that gold, the biggest and the richest. Father couldn’t care less. He’s content with his old stories and chasing young girls… never catching one.”
She lowered her hands to his back, looking for a spot to release the pressure. Let’s try reasoning, she thinks. “Your father believes those stories. There must be some truth to them.”
He responds, “I looked at a map, he has a good point. There’s no storming the place. It takes some thinking.”
The fact that he listened was encouraging, and she gave more. “Perhaps I can help. I have a maid who was once Hummy. I will speak with her, she may have some interesting stories about them.”
For the first time since Harmon had arrived back home, he looked at her and smiled as if she were a pleasure to see.
• • •
The next day Mana sat comfortably in the sunroom, an airy open space cluttered with orchids and colorful indoor plants. Five open doors with long gold colored drapes led out on to a large balcony.
She was busy working on her embroidery when Teresa, an elderly handmaid with excessively long hair, came in, sat down a tray with tea and small cakes. She then started to tie the blowing drapes back.
“No stop, I love the way they billow in the wind.”
Teresa smiled, “Yes my lady, would there be anything else?”
She motioned for Teresa to have a seat. “My dearest, please sit with me, help me lay my colors. It’s a beautiful morning, and you know how much I enjoy your company.”
Teresa took a seat next to the princess and reached into a bowl, pulled out a jumbled clump of string and started to untangle it. Her long thin hand carried a large brilliant stone not likely to be found on the hand of a maid. “Likewise, my lady, and what stories could an old woman tell, that you would find entertaining?”
“Humm, how about your life as a young woman my age? Tell me what was life like back then.”
A slight smile covered her face. “Ah, when I was your age. Well, I wasn’t that exciting, but the rest of the world was.”
Mana glanced in the direction of the patio and baited Teresa for more. “Are the Hummy people really that much different from us?”
The old woman raised her eyelids. “Well, at one time they say we were all the same people. Five kings of Lapuslandee. Let’s see, there was the Wardee, the Sawtee, the Hummy, the Towten, and the Cods. All controlled by the Tinnin. Back then, they ruled over most of the world. As I understand it, the Sawtee deceived Wardee, left them standing on the battlefield alone. All along the cheats plotted to replace the Wardee as governing council for the Tinnin in Lapuslandee. Wardee all but disappeared. The Towten and the Hummy fled into the swamp. Many died, but some survived, and the reward was an isolated rich and fertile land.”
“Rich and fertile? But it’s only a fingertip on the map,” Mana disputed.
“Nevertheless, my lady, they want for nothing but to kill each other. I’m not sure why really,” she frowned. “But it became a way of life, way before I was born. There’s peace in the winter and war all summer.”
Mana’s eyes dart to the balcony again. She placed her hand on her breast, and her eyes lit up. “Oh, they must have great armies and fantastic warriors.”
Teresa burst out laughing. “I’m amazed there’s anyone left to fight. Eventually, they’ll just die out, or another big quake will just swallow the place up. You should see the rubble. That’s what they should be doing, rebuilding.”
“Didn’t you say you lived in Hummy palace? Your gift, your beautiful needlework, you learned it while you were there?” Mana asked.
Teresa sighed with passion, “Oh yes! But it was nothing to the treasures my queen had.” She leaned her head back, and her hands lay in her lap as a daydream from the past took her away. “Oh, she was beautiful; the merchants would bring her wonderful things from the Far East. Once the king had a dress made with gems sewn to cover it.”
“Mana’s mouth fell open. It must have been a most magnificent thing and priceless.”
Teresa laughed again. “Indeed, it was and too heavy. She only wore it for a few hours.” Her hands got busy again pulling colors from the cluster in her lap.
“Why would you ever want to leave such a place?” Mana wondered out loud.
Teresa gave a weary moan and looked down at the large gem on her finger. “Now that was sad. I saw something that made me fear for my life.”
The princess stopped her work to listen. “So, tell me more, what?… what? You stole that ring?”
Teresa frowned appalled. “My lady!”
Mana caught herself. “Of course you didn’t. I know you wouldn’t do a thing like that. So, what did happen?”
The ladies completely stopped working. Teresa’s voice softened as her mind traveled. “There was this young prince, and a secret was whispered that he was Sawtee. He was the king’s nephew.” She narrowed her eyes.
This shocked Mana, she dropped her needle and glanced at the balcony doorway again. “Sawtee?”
Teresa snickered, “The story has it that the betrothed King had an eye for a lovely lady. So the old queen, his mother, sent her here as a gift to your king as an appeasement for the return of her runaway sister. Somehow, she returned and with child. The king’s brother marries her and claims the child is his, and today this prince walks the palace like he has royal Hummy blood running through his veins.”
“Are you trying to tell me a Sawtee may one day sit on the throne in, in Hummy?”
Teresa dropped her head, “It’s much sadder. My queen had a son, beautiful and precious. He would have grown to look just like his father.” She shut down for a moment, looking disturbed.
In a soft tone, Mana urges her on. “And…”
Teresa’s voice cracks, “He was found dead in his crib.”
Mana drew back as Teresa continued the story. “I saw Marcus, that prince, the king’s nephew, leave that room just before the babe was discovered. He saw me too.” She raised her eyebrows and looked Mana in the face. “I told my queen all I had seen. She told the king, and he wouldn’t hear of it. I knew I was next, so I stayed close to my queen.”
She held her hand up with a pleasant gaze at the large stone on her finger again. “She gave me this ring for having courage.”
Teresa lowered her head with sorrow. “But in her grief over her little one, she grew weak in mind and body. That winter when the failing came, it took her. I fled into hiding, and when the merchants parked their wagons to leave, I went with them. But before I left, I saw him in a crowded dining room, and I whispered in his ear, one day you will pay for your crime.”
She turned to Mana with harshness in her voice; her eyes seem to walk through the moment. “There is no way of telling for sure, but I could swear I saw him, Marcus, lurking around my queen’s room the night she died. There was no reason for him to be there, the Sawtee Swine.” She frowned for a moment then caught herself and breathed a sigh of relief.
“Needless to say, here I am.”
Princess Mana’s eyes bounced around the room. She relaxed her shoulders. “Yes, and I’m so glad you are.”
Teresa got busy with the yarn again, pulling colors and laying them out like nothing had just been said. Then with a smile, she pondered out loud, “Before the king’s son was born, he had two daughters, the prettiest and sweetest little things. I wonder what became of them.”
The princess was completely unsettled, “What a gray story.” She nervously returned to her work and accidentally spilled a cup of tea on herself. They both jumped.
Teresa pulled a towel from her apron and tried to wipe the soiled dress. “It’s all over me. Oh, I love this dress; it’s just like me to make a mess of it. Stay here, wait, I want to hear more.” Teresa smiled and nodded, yes.
Mana left the woman standing. She continued laying colors. Then the wind kicked up and blew over the princess’s easel, and the laid yarn flew. She started closing doors and pulling drapes.
Prince Harmon appeared from the balcony and startled her.
“You, you were listening to everything I said. Why?”
Harmon wore a sickly smile. Her eyes grew big; she gasps and covered her mouth. The prince said nothing as she started to back off. She tried to run, but he grabbed her by the hair. She screamed, he held her by the face. Up against the draped wall, she tried to push him back shrieking and kicking, but her frail body was no match. With his breath in her face, he pulled a dagger.
“I think you talk too much old woman. I would let you live, but sooner or later you would be telling secrets about me, besides I need you to do me a favor.”
He stabbed and let her fall; pulling the drapes down over her. The screams brought others. By the time the princess returned, two men were carrying her body out, wrapped in a bloody golden drape.
The princess was grief stricken and angry. When Harmon and Mana were left alone, she was unable to control her emotions. With a devil may come, attitude, she blasted out in anger, “Why? Why did you have to kill her? She was a sweet old woman, kind and warm hearted. How could you? I should never have told you. Why did I ever try to help you?”
With no expression, he grabbed Mana by the face the same way he had grabbed Teresa, pushed her against the wall bumping her head. He leaned down close to her face, close enough that she considered biting his nose, but the dark look in his eyes and the tightness of his lips cautioned, she would surely die. She risks a narrowing of the eyes instead.
“Shut up! I should kill you too, allowing Hummy, the enemy to move freely among us, even as we sleep in our beds.”
At the slightest hint of release, she ripped his hand from her face and bravely turned her back, keeping an eye on him in a nearby mirror. Her heart pounded as hot tears ran from her eyes. She threw her head back and turned to face him. “You wouldn’t dare. I know who I am.”
Boiling with rage, she spewed “The enemy? You knew she was no threat.”
As he headed out the door, she tried to think of a way to make him feel… anything. “Don’t look for any more of the beautiful collars you love so much. That was her work. She was the gifted one.”
She got nothing, but she wanted something, she yelled down the crowded hall when he left the room, “Coward, murderer of old women!” She saw him stop and slammed the door as hard as she could and locked it. She checked her face and neck in the mirror then flopped in a chair and cried.
With others watching Harmon’s eyes darted, he stood tall, put on a slight smile and continued on his way.

3.
HARMON’S PLAN
A few days later Harmon entered his office to find his cousins Seth and Eion making themselves comfortable, Seth pouring wine and Eion with his boots up on the desk.
“Cousins,” Harmon smiled, rubbing his hands together like a fly before its meal. A tad older than him, both fit and handsome young men, they returned the smile.
Seth offered Harmon a goblet, “Harmon! So, my father sent us. He said we needed to be here for the greatest conquest of our history. He didn’t want our names left out of the story.”
Harmon took the wine, and all three men had a seat at his sun-drenched desk. “That sounds like him.”
Eion dropped his boots, “Now tell us cousin, what is this grand adventure of yours.”
Harmon took a drink from his goblet and leaned back from the desk. “I don’t have a plan yet, just a destination, and your father was right. You don’t want to be left out of this one. After forty years the most luscious apple is ripe. And you are here to have a bite.”
The brothers eye each other and Eion leaned in. “Okay, I’m stirred. My father didn’t tell us. What’s this destination of yours?”
Harmon’s eyes leaped from one cousin to the other, while they waited with bated breath, as to what is this advantageous new quest. He tucked in his bottom lip, “The gold of TowHummy.”
The brothers bounced back in their seats. Eion rolled his eyes as Seth starts to explain. “TowHummy? Cousin, there are already lots of stories about that place; I’m not so sure I want to be in a new one.”
Harmon was excited, still smiling but the other two were skeptical. “That was a long time ago. I found a few things have changed. Things that may make taking it as easy as plucking a rose peddle.”
Seth narrowed his eyes, “What things?”
Harmon dropped the smile, “For one, their numbers may have dwindled to the point there would barely be a fight.”
Eion leaned back out of the sunlight. “Cousin, numbers were never the problem. They have always been gravely outnumbered. Tell us how to defeat the other problems, like the forest that is literally fertilized with the bodies of Sawtee. Sinkholes that take a man and his horse.”
Seth frowned. “They say some of those grotesque trees actually take on the human faces of the ones they devour.”
Harmon leaped off his seat as particles of dust swirled in the sunlight. He gulped wine and chortled, “Sawtee faces?” His cousins were not amused; he calmed down, “Okay, I know the stories. Yes, the mountain storms, killer gems, poison grass and it goes on and on, the like. But this time, they are no matter. Cousins, this time,” he whispered, “we will be invited in.”
There was a moment of silence as eyes bounce off each other, Seth pulled on his well-kept whiskers. “We’re listening.”
Harmon took another moment running his hand over his face. “First, I have a question, is it at all possible that my father has another son? That I may have a brother that for whatever reasons my father has not told me?”
The brothers gave him a puzzled look and shook their heads no. Seth still fidgeting with his whiskers asked, “Why?”
Harmon sat back at the desk; they all lean in, and the sun covered their faces. “The Hummy believe I do. He happens to be the unhappy only son of their king. Supposing I get to know this brother and I think I have just the gift that will make him want to get to know me.”
The sun reflected in brown, blue and green eyes, plotting and contriving.
• • •
Days later the king and a close friend, nobleman, and counsel, Mollen, are alone. Gazing out a window, the king softly spoke his thoughts. “It was inevitable. He is now, as I was and I am now my father, as he was, and it just goes on and on, greedily.”
Mollen, standing in the background, added, “He’s not alone.”
The king turned to respond. “We never are.” With his arms clasped behind his back, he started to pace the floor. “Their blood boils, they need that adventure and they will get their fill.” He stopped pacing, shook his head and looked at Mollen. “I’m not sure why we’re never satisfied with all we have.”
Mollen smiled with a tad of wisdom. “My friend, it is the nature of most at his age from kings to peasants. And how would you like me to handle this?”
“Stay close to him but leave him alone. Who knows, his plot is sound. He may succeed. Set him free but don’t let the fool kill himself.”
Mollen raised an eyebrow. “And the others?”
The king waved them off. “I couldn’t care less.” He started to chuckle and sat in the only throne like chair in the room. “A Hummy Prince believes he’s my long lost Sawtee son, how entertaining.” He’s silent for an instant as if checking his past then roared out laughing again.
“Yes Mollen, stay close. We must record every moment of this adventure. It’s been too quiet for too long, and this will make conversation for years, regardless of the outcome.”

4.
A MESSAGE GOES TO HUMMY
A Fall wind blew colorful leaves past an old merchant as he entered a warm tavern inn. He pulled his cape back off his head and had a seat at the bar. The place was crowded and noisy with laughter, the smell of food and a roaring glow from a huge fireplace.
An innkeeper approached the tired looking man. “What are you doing in these parts? Isn’t it a little late for you to still be here? Need to rent a wagon?”
“No!” the merchant replied, “I’m back as a special messenger, bearing gifts from Sawtee. No need for a wagon, I only have three boxes.”
The innkeeper looked puzzled, “Gifts from Sawtee?” The old man nodded. The innkeeper called out behind him. “Kissly, bring food and wine.” Turning back to the merchant he asks, “So, you bring wedding gifts for the Towten prince?”
The merchant lowered his voice. “No, it’s for the Hummy Prince Marcus. The whispering is interrupted by a young girl, lying down a platter of hot meat and bread, the two men stood silent until she was done pouring the wine and left.
“And you should see the boxes. Jewel encrusted like nothing I’ve seen. One wood, one silver and the last gold.” he continued.
“What’s inside?” the innkeeper leaned in.
“I have no idea, but the chatter is Prince Harmon believes he has a lost sibling over here.”
The innkeeper looked shocked for a second then bursts out laughing. “Well that could be, you never know, I have this cousin and his….” He lowered his voice until the crowded place drowned it out.
Standing in a nearby corner, no longer able to eavesdrop, Kissly pulled a pouch from her pocket. In it, was a bracelet and pendant and other jewels of royal quality.
• • •
The next afternoon Prince Marcus, nephew of the king, dashed down the Hummy Palace hall with three other men. A servant tried to intercept but couldn’t keep up with them. Walking sideways and backward he explains, “My Prince Marcus! My Prince! A merchant is here with a gift for you.”
Without missing a step, Marcus replied. “What are merchants doing here this late in the year? I don’t want to buy any gifts!”
Skipping to keep up, the servant answered, “No my prince he says the gift is for you!”
Keeping his gate and getting a bit annoyed, Marcus bites, “Impossible! Merchants never give away anything. Send him away.”
The servant stopped and cried out once more. “No, my prince, the gift was sent to you by someone else.”
Marcus and his entourage stopped and looked at the servant quizzically. Out of breath, he explained panting, “The merchant is just delivering it, my prince.”
Moments later, Marcus and his men step outside and hustled down the palace steps. The merchant stood next to a horse decorated with paint, bows, a draped saddle, and crown. He uncovered three stone encrusted boxes stacked on top of one another.
He smiled and gave Marcus the first box. He opened it with excitement and then frowned. The box had a beautifully embroidered collar and golden needles inside. He handed it to the man standing next to him.
He opened the next larger box. Inside was a long gray braid of hair knotted with small gemstones, and a beautiful golden comb. He noted the Skip stones, it was Hummy. Marcus shook his head as he handed the box off impatiently, “What is this, some kind of joke or riddle? Why would I want this junk? I don’t have time for blunt-witted games.”
He reached for the last, smallest and most beautiful box. Opening it he found the decaying hand of Teresa lying on a silk pillow. His shocked and disgusted response made the others curious, and they moved closer for a possible peek. He suddenly recognized the ring on her finger and slammed the box shut before anyone got close enough to see inside.
He slowly looked up and gave the merchant a creepy smile. Feeling a little intimidated, the merchant quickly handed him a beautifully decorated scroll. Marcus read it to himself, then with a big smile, he announced.
“I’ve been invited on an adventure.” All is silent as his eyes wander around the puffy clouds in the sky. “I think we should keep this to ourselves. I wouldn’t want my uncle to interfere. Come merchant, I’ll give you a reply.”
As they re-entered the palace, Marcus held the last box tightly at his side.

5.
THINGS WE DIDN’T KNOW
By spring, when the weather was much warmer, out in the green countryside along the border between Hummy and Towten, Prince Von prepared his men for the first battle.
The Sawtee would call it more of a skirmish with such low numbers, all on foot and with only hand-held weapons. The TowHummy put a lot of pride and sport into their style of fighting, this coming about after generations of battles consisting of a few hundred, not thousands, like the old days.
Both refugees from the now Sawtee governed Lapuslandee, they lived in peace until the Towten discovered gold; and with numbers so small, the Hummy always felt that there was a chance they could one day take their neighbor.
The Towten built their palace with its back flanking cold high mountains on two sides. Quarried from the same rock, it made the palace and mountain look like one and the same, impressive. And just where the river runs past it, is where the mass of gold was found.
Life for the Towten may look drab, as their colors are dark blues, brown, burgundy, black, white, and a spot of color now and then. The style was sharp, with clean lines. Their cuisine, even at the table of the king, was also dull, with meat, bread, greens, and wine. In the summer, there was fruit; but other than eating it, nothing special was done.
On the bright side, the Towten had a great sense of humor and a huge library, which they cherished. Being cut off from the Outland, this was their only real link to the rest of the world. Some scrolls were close to dust, and in a language, unspoken but deciphered. This gave them an edge on survival in their isolated environment. The Towten women were well-known for patching their men up better than any physician.
• • •
Under the same sun, but much different, the Hummy built their palace from river rock, limestone, and timber. Their main color was green, but they cover the rainbow as far as the colors being used by the always primping and pampering ladies. Likewise, with food, the kitchen was one of the most competitive places in the palace. A cook thinks, “This is just a chicken, but when I’m done, no one will know it.”
Perhaps for all its beauty and potential, the only downfall for TowHummy was the occasional earthquake which by the way, was how the Hummy found their fortune, an open chasm clustered with the reddest rubies and greenest emeralds.
And while TowHummy was envied around the world for her riches, it remained unconquered. Surrounded by miles of treacherous snowcapped mountains and a bewitched forest that regrows itself overnight, the horror stories mounted through the years and were respected by most. Armies had vanished one after the other without the slightest effort from the TowHummy. If not for the merchants, no one would know they truly existed.
• • •
But today it was all about war. The once powerful Hummy, just wouldn’t believe they couldn’t defeat, the once humble, now loaded with gold, Towten. So earlier today, Hummy were spotted preparing for an ambush, and the Towten will be ready for them.
The sun was half exposed over a mountaintop and dew had dampened everything. A Large dark blue tent stood wide open, letting the crisp cool morning in with a flood of sunlight. A small group of men stood around a large table covered with charts and scrolls.
Prince Von’s eyes bounced around a map, plotting, planning and fidgeting with his beard. He pulled the belt around his waist tight and then tighter. He narrowed his eyes and pointed with his ringed index finger.
“Bear, is this where you saw them?”
A giant of a young man leaned over the map and answered. “Yes my prince, about 30, in the brush, hiding in the green, in the creek.”
“Are your men ready? Von raised a heavy brow.
Bear points, “Yes, sir they are ready. We are up here in the rocks waiting.
At that, Von started to lay out the plan, and the men leaned over the map crowding out the sun. “Dean and I will come right down in front of them.” He points out by tapping his finger on the spot. “Mano you’ll go first. Bear, he will be your signal.”
Mano, a frail old man whispered to himself, “Why am I always in the front?” But everyone heard him and laughed out loud, a full-hearted laugh that felt good before a battle.
Von responded with a smile, “Because Mano, you’re the bravest and besides it’s the safest spot. I wouldn’t want anything to happen to you.”
Dean, Von’s first captain, was middle aged, lean and fit. His mixed gray hair pulled away from his face, gave way to his piercing deep-set eyes. “Who would we find brave enough to take your place?”
There is more laughter as Von does a quick study of each man’s face to see where his spirit lay.
• • •
Later, Bear rode out, and the camp was hectic as most grabbed weapons and gear and prepared to leave. Two horses waited outside the tent. A fine black one had a round crest on its right hind. The same crest could be found on the saddle, gloves, tent and even on the cheek of Von’s handsome face.
He was the seventh of eight sons born to King Vincent of his last wife, Queen Kissna. Only he and his much younger brother Gabriel had survived the decades of old Mellows wars. Even Von could hardly recall them. They were foggy memories of sitting next to his father in the main hall, with torches raging and men shouting words he couldn’t quite understand. Outside there were huge bonfires, flags waving, drinking, dancing and shouting so loud, his ears rang all night. Initially a little frightened, his father and older brothers would frown at him until he smiled and held it. No women, not even his mother was allowed in the noisy place. He dared not show a tear but hold, hold, hold that smile.
Then there were other times when it was quiet. When he couldn’t raise his voice over a whisper, a time when he couldn’t find his father or mother, and when he did, he was rushed out. Blood, bandages, physicians running everywhere and no one explained closed doors, drawn drapes and a possible weeping sound that he could never put a face to. But in the end, there was always someone missing.
There were things to learn, as his now dead brother had put it. “Your life depends on it.” His most vivid recollection was at the age of eight when he heard his name called out in a loud argument in the king’s room. His mother rushed out, looked down and gave him a harsh grimace, shook her head and ran down the hall.
With eyes like saucers, he peeked into the room to find his father waving him in. His father, two brothers, Dean, Lex and Collen among others, all young and fit, greeted him with smiles that made him feel, for the first time that he belonged. And for the first time, he really did. He was to follow his brothers out with the men, now he was one of them. Something about his brother being so quiet, and his shoulders a little slumped, should have been a clue. They escorted Von out to the battlefield for the first time… to help carry his dead brother back home.
That day he locked his door, wept and vomited. His brothers came to counsel him; he didn’t let them in, as he had nothing to say. His mother came, and he gave no response, but when his father came late that night, he slowly opened the door and let him into the dark room. From the moonlight, his father found a seat at a table and motioned for him to do likewise. His first words were, “Son there is no turning back. You are not the son of any man. You are my son; this is your life. Grab hold to this and embrace it, let the blood you saw today sink into your eyes and the blood that touched your skin sink into your bones and inhale the smell of it, deep, deep into your mind and soul. It will become a fierce, powerful, armor.
Those words ring in his heart before every battle. He was spellbound, possessed with the spirit of a warrior and nothing else, nothing.
The men stepped outside, Von pulled out a set of black gloves and pulled them on tight over and over, made a fist, pulled out his ax as if to get the feel and check his grip.
Dean, already mounted, made small talk watching Von load up with armor, knowing how much he hated but admitted it was a necessity. “What a perfect morning for the first battle of the war season. I feel like I’ve just eaten a lion.”
It worked; Von was completely sidetracked as he mounted his horse wearing only the breastplate of his armor. “Lion meat, hum. Living back here we will never see a real Lion. We should charge the merchants with finding us a lion and maybe some other beast. We have drawings and paintings, but there’s nothing like it here. Now I’m not so sure I want to eat a Lion. He’s probably chewy from lying around all the time, but the lioness, I bet her meat is just prime.” The two men laugh as they exit the camp.
A slight wind blew Von’s hair back as he and Dean casually trail behind ten footmen all dressed in Towten Blue. He inhaled deeply and threw his head back. “Nothing like a little good morning surprise with the edge on our side. It’s always nice to start out with a pure-hearted victory. Should this year be a victorious one, I promise you lioness ribs. You’ll have to think of a name for such a feast?”
Dean tilted his head in thought as if the battle ahead was the last thing on his mind.
Mano came slowly down the trail carrying a banner. Von and the other men were not far behind. They move calmly.
As they reached the thick of the brush, the Hummy, dressed in green with long braids down their backs, made their attack. Von leaped off his horse into the chaos. From behind the rocks, Bear and his men joined in, and the blue outnumbered the green firmly.
Von swung his ax, and a man went down, but another was quickly on him and just missed his upper arm. Von recognized him as high ranking and gave him a vicious glare and battled him relentlessly, till his back was against a huge rock.
Von made one final swing to the head, but the man moved. He missed and cut off his long leather braided pigtail, it fell over his shoulder. He dropped his blade and held the braid with both hands in disbelief.
“You! You cut my skip! You’ve dishonored me, I’m disgraced! Kill me!! Kill me quickly before someone sees!” he pleaded.
Von stepped back and gave the man a sick look, “Pick up your weapon; I won’t have you dishonor me. This will be a righteous kill.
A young boy approached standing on the rocks above them. Von quickly looked up, with the sun in his eyes, all he saw were small bare feet, then blackness.
• • •
Von was awakened by a horrendous pounding in his head. Giving no thought to his whereabouts, he groaned out loud, “What the hell?” With his eyes half closed, he attempted to rise and reached for his bandaged head, but the pain slowed him.
Pedee, his personal physician, grabbed his hand and placed a small bowl in it. “Not so fast, you lost a lot of blood, here drink this.”
Von slowly sat up and sniffed it, “My head feels like I already drank too much of this.”
Pedee stood close looking over his bandage work. “There’s only a small amount of wine to mask the taste, but it will dull that hammer in your head. At that, Von drank it and laid back down.
Pedee took the bowl and was examining Von’s eyes when Dean walked in. He stood back, smiled and nodded, letting Dean know, Von was awake and would recover. Von’s wandering eyes caught Dean, and he slowly sat up. Pedee helped him to a large padded chair, where he laid his head back.
Dean smiled, “Well my prince, good to see you up and sitting already. You took quite a gash to the head.”
“Fifteen stitches all together,” Pedee adds.
Dean inspected the bandage, “We caught the little bastard.”
Von slowly lifted his head to look Dean in the face. “How did we fair?”
Dean replied, “Excellent! We lost one and sewed up one, you! We’ve got six prisoners whose fate awaits your word.”
Von exhaled and gently leaned his head back in the chair, his eyes closed. After a moment, Dean, not knowing if his Prince is in deep thought or pain, he resigns, “You rest, I’ll be back.”
But Von reached out, opening his eyes. He made a painful grimace, “Take me to them, you have to see this.”
Dean and Pedee gave a quizzical eye as they helped Von to his feet.
Outside, Von stood on his own strength and gathered as if never injured. Dean led the way through the camp to an opening where six Hummy men knelt with their heads down, their hands tied behind them and their long beaded, braided hair fell neatly along their spine.
Seeing Von and Dean, others started to gather near. Von watched them for a moment, pulled on his beard and narrowed his eyes, then turned to Dean and held out his hand and said, “Your blade.”
With his face drenched in curiosity, Dean handed over his dagger.
Von checked it for sharpness and smirked, “Watch this.” The Hummy studied his approach, raised their heads proudly and brace for death. Von lingers behind them causing the tension to rise. Then quickly, one by one, it was over in a flash. He cut off their long hair, it fell to the ground, and for an instant, there is no response.
Then to the astonishment of all watching, the Hummy cried out and moaned in a grief stricken fit of outrage. One stood, throwing caution to the wind as guards pulled swords holding him back. “Cowards! You dishonor us off the battlefield. The least you can do is show some respect and end our lives. What you have done is the lowest of low!” He exploded.
Von and Dean calmly observed the tantrum. Von folded his arms and asked, “So what do you make of it?”
Dean scratched his head in awe, “I haven’t the foggiest idea.”
Hearing the commotion, more Towten gathered to observe the spectacle which at one point became so violent the prisoners could barely be subdued at knifepoint. Everyone found it baffling.
Bear approached Von with a young boy whose hands were bound behind him. Bear escorted him roughly. “My Prince, what’s to be done with this maggot?”
Von looked the boy in the face and pointed at the Hummy men. “Boy, what is this madness?”
The boy dropped his head and said nothing. Bear grabbed him by his hair harshly. “Did you hear him talking to you?”
“Suddenly frighten by Bear, the boy turned to Von and answered in a rude tone of voice. “You cut their skip! They have lost rank and have no status. You have dishonored them. They are nobody.”
Bear jerked him by the shirt. “Watch your tone, or I’ll cut your hair so close, you won’t see a sprout for years.”
Von and Dean took a few steps away and pondered the situation. Looking at the Hummy men still in distress, Dean winced. “It’s ghastly; I should kill them just for being so pathetic.”
Von reasoned, “No, leave their hands bound but set them free. Send a spy to watch and tell me what happens when they get to Hummy. We’ve got something here but what, I’m not sure.”
The boy tried to get away from Bear, who had a tight grip and lifted him off the ground, he yelled out to Von. “My prince, what would you have me do with this?”
Von stared for a moment, “Shave it bald and set it free.”
At that the boy cried out, “I should have dropped a bigger rock on you.” Bear grabbed him by the mouth and dragged him away.
Von and Dean, unfazed by the kid, went back to the tent. Dean asked seriously. “How’s that head of yours?”
Von arched his heavy dark brows, “Pounding so badly I can hardly hear you. I think I’ll relax and heal my wounds at my favorite cottage before heading back home. I have a lot to ponder, and I seem to ponder so much better when I’m there. Maybe I’ll leave tomorrow.”
They smile as if a special secret had just passed between them. Dean nodded, “I’ll let them know to expect you.”

6.
PRINCE VON’S COTTAGE
As the heavy war years claimed the lives of his older brothers, Von’s father King Vincent relinquished more power and responsibility to him. He found himself living more away from the palace. Eventually, he found a haven, with special lodging. Then came a better idea, his own cottage. He set out to build the finest in the valley.
Somewhat of a secret, it was nothing to look at, well-kept, but average and plain, located near his favorite tavern. But to go inside was a different experience altogether. It was lavish in all manner and occupied by three of his favorite ladies.
The lovely young Sandy, Lindy, and Marie were well kept wenches who danced to his beck and call. It was their good pleasure to see to it that his every whim and desire be granted. This assured them; as long as he lived, he would never leave. But just to make sure they had to ask.
Von laid his still bandaged head back on puffy satin pillows. Fully dressed with eyes half open, he’s relaxed; he watched the bent over Sandy’s voluptuous breast, bounce as she pulled off his boots. He sighed and sank into the feathered mattress.
Lindy puffed more pillows; Marie poured wine, and Sandy gently pulled off his stockings. The open window let in a warm breeze, blossoms from a nearby tree released a sweet scent, and a chime rang its soft music.
But with all seeming so wonderful, it’s just too quiet. Von had a wrinkle in his forehead, “Okay! Why the long faces?”
He got their attention, and after glancing at each other, Lindy pulled up her skirts and sat beside him. He raised his head, and Marie put two pillows at his back, he reclined, and comfort covered his face. Lindy bashfully lowered her beautiful eyes and took his hand in hers. Softly she answered, “We know you are to be married soon. We will miss you dearly.”
Von was a little surprised, almost at a loss for words. “That’s way far off, and what do you girls care. You will always be the special ones in my heart.”
Sandy wanting more, asked, “Why would you keep us in your heart when you have her?”
Von was baffled that the women had no idea how special they were. He responds, “What? Come here, come, all of you.” He reached his arms out and the ladies, with their pouting faces, stopped what they were doing and joined him on the bed.
Von lifted an eyebrow, “Now tell me what’s this all about, what does she have that you don’t?
Marie spoke up, “She’s so beautiful; her hair is adorned with golden combs, and she has lots of beautiful bangles of gold with gems.”
Lindy added, “She has status, and she can read. We can’t.”
And Sandy adds to that, “She’s young and slender.” She lowered her eyes, “Not like me.”
Von shook his head in disbelief. “Beautiful? She’s not beautiful. The robes are, and status? She has no power, only that she is betrothed to me.”
With compassion, he smiled softly. He looked at each of them and stopped in the face of Marie; he lifted her face and spoke tenderly. “Marie, your eyes are so beautiful, like luscious gem pools, I dive in each time I see you. I’m so captivated, I’m not sure I know what the rest of your face looks like. Claudia’s are rather simple in comparison.” Slightly embarrassed, Marie lowered her lovely eyes again.
He turned to Lindy and caressed her face gently. “Lindy, my beautiful flower, your status, such as it is, there is constant talk about your wicked pastries. Your apple clumps, men fight over them.” He shook his head, “No one has fought over Claudia.” and Lindy giggled.
“And my lovely Sandy” he brushed her long curls away from her breast. “No one in the valley has melons as big, luscious and sweet as yours.” Her mouth fell open, and she turned red, with eyes like saucers, she smiled.
Von leaned back into the pillow, opened his arms wide and looked at them all curiously. “All these years I’ve been coming here, and you ladies don’t know, I have a special place in my heart, just for you?”
There was silence for a moment, soft smiles covered their faces, and then with a burst of screaming and laughter, he was bombarded with kisses.
The fun was suddenly disrupted by a voice in the open doorway. Kissly stood with one hand on her hip, leaning on the door frame. Everything stopped as she had their attention. “Would you be needing me for anything else madams?”
Lindy rose in a huff and slammed the door. “No!”
Sandy and Marie held their breath with eyes wide. Von gawked with a smirk, at Lindy’s actions, “Who is that?”
Lindy answered loudly, “It calls itself Kissly”
Von keeping his smirk, “Why Lindy, gentle kitten, that was awfully sweet. I don’t think I’ve ever seen that side of you before.”
Catching herself, she returned to his bedside whining, “My dearest, please forgive me. But that little sneaky thing drives me to the end of my wits.”
A baffled looking Marie added, “There is something, but we can’t exactly put our finger on it.”
“Why is she here?” Von asked, and Marie answered.
“At first, she seemed like such a sweet pea, and she was working at the tavern. At the time; it seemed like the thing to do. We’ve sent It away, but the thing keeps returning.”
After some quick thinking, Von asked, “Kissly? The same Kissly that lost her real parents, then her adopted parents in a failing?” He raises his eyebrows. “She’s had a hard life.”
“Oh,” Sandy added, “there are a few rumors about that too. Both sets of parents lost in a failing? What are the chances? And now she’s here. You like dogs my love? When winter comes, we’re getting a big one. That should keep It at bay.”
Von still stunned at this new side of his sweet ones, tried to calm them. “Ladies, ladies!”
A still uptight Sandy tried to explain. “She snoops too much. Every time you turn your back she’s standing there listening.” She ran back to the shut door and kicked it, yelling, “Like maybe right now. You little rat.” They could hear shoes quickly tiptoe away.
Lindy stood close to Von’s bedside with both hands on her hips and tilted her head looking at him as she spoke in a sexy tone. “So, how do you know so much about her?”
Von gave a bashful grin. “She’s the Queen’s birth blossom, the only one.”
Lindy smiled and threw her hair back over her bare shoulder, “Well ladies, imagine that. I guess we don’t know nothin.”
Von playfully grabbed her by her skirts and pulled her down on the bed with the others and cried out in a gravelly voice, “Come here, I’ll show you somethin.” The room exploded with more laughing and screaming.

7.
TOWTEN PALACE
Towten Palace sat back against the huge mountains it was quarried from, giving it a massive appearance. Cold and dark in some spots with a dotting of tall green trees. Inside, gold trimmed furniture, velvety red drapes and other fixtures had a way of brightening things up a bit.
Huge square stones sat here and there where earthquakes knocked them out from who knows where. Some so large they were used as tables and other furniture; some just sat like artwork.
Life in the palace had two sides, winter, and summer. The winter side of the palace faced the mountains with smaller rooms, small windows, huge fireplaces, and no rubble or stones out of place.
The summer side, facing out over the valley, had huge glass windows, much larger rooms and smaller fireplaces.
King Vincent was known as a just king but of the old world, meaning he was capable of horrific acts of cruelty. Now in his old age, Von ran the kingdom. For all intents and purposes, he was king, but Vincent always had the last word. This is where Kissna, Vincent’s second wife, came in.
Kissna, Von’s mother, didn’t sit easily with all the power his father had bestowed upon him. Whenever she saw fit, she overruled or challenged his authority. The king stood between them as a reminder that he alone was sovereign, and in such cases, the last word was his.
• • •
Von sat in a blue velvet chair while Pedee removed the old bandages from his head. Dean had arrived with wild stories from spies sent to watch the Hummy soldiers freed weeks earlier. Lex, the king’s right hand adviser and one of Von’s best friends, wouldn’t miss out on the explanation for such outrageous Hum behavior.
Von leaned almost out of his chair, awestruck at what Dean had to say.
“These warriors were pushed out into the fields like farmers? Just what the boy said. You made them useless.”
“What a waste, are they slaves?” Von asked.
Dean shook his head, “No! But Fen said they lost rank and title.”
Lex snickered, “All this, over a pigtail? How is it we never knew this before?”
Von responded loudly, “Because it’s ridiculous, why would we ever consider anything so, so…”
Lex finished his sentence, “Harebrained?” They laughed.
Dean goes on to explain, “It’s called a Skip, referring to a long gone forefather. This is how I understand it. Your mind thinks, you have memories and all you understand, all your wisdom is in your mind, that’s in your brain, that’s in your head, which grows the hair. The beads, gems and stones, serve to remind them of big events in their lives.”
Lex chuckled, “That we plan to chop off.”
Von fell back in his chair as Pedee continued to unwrap his head. Pulling on his whiskers, he wondered out loud, “So what are we with our short cut hair? Have you ever found yourself absent minded after a haircut? What about the bald men? We have a few, I’m sure they do too.”
Von glanced up at Pedee whose hair was thinning. “Pedee, you’re a little thin on top, do you feel any mental shortcomings as your hair slowly disappears?”
Pedee snobbishly replied, “My prince, my mind is sound enough to know, I am most thankful to be Towten and not Hummy.”
Von smiled, “Well said.” The other men nod in agreement.
Pedee removed the last bandage from Von’s head, to reveal gruesome stitches and an awful ugly looking bald spot. With a cloth and water, he started to clean the wound, causing Von to flinch while he spoke. “Whatever they think we are, we should take advantage of such foolishness.”
Dean and Lex, are taken aback at the sight of Von’s wound. They try not to show it as Von keeps talking, oblivious to the obvious shock on their faces.
Lex turned away and started to pace the floor with his hands behind his back. “I was thinking the same thing. Perhaps we can design some kind of device that cuts the hair in a flash.”
Von belted, “Ha, maybe we can get Stan to rig up something; he’s a creative kind of fellow.”
There was excitement in the air, and Dean’s eyes lit up. “Wait, I have a better idea. Have you ever seen the Tor brothers dance around the battlefield? They are lightning fast. What if that’s all they did was cut hair?”
Pedee put a thick honey colored salve on Von’s stitches and attempts to re-bandage the keyed up fidgety Von. Dean and Lex breathe a sigh of relief.
“Perfect.” Von agrees, “We’ll need more than two. Perhaps the brothers can train others.”
Lex eyed Von seriously. “This attack strategy must be sound. I would expect them to fight back more fearless than ever. That hair means everything to them.”
Von frowned, still baffled, in disbelief, as he recalls what happened. “He dropped his sword the moment I chopped it off, like I delivered a fatal wound. Can all a man’s worth be braided up in one thin pigtail?”
Dean scratched his head. “If I hadn’t seen the tantrum they gave in camp, with my own eyes, I wouldn’t believe it either.”
Pedee completes the bandages, and all their faces seemed relieved.
• • •
Later that evening, Von looked himself over in a huge mirror. Before going down to dinner in the main hall, he wanted to make sure he appeared his usual handsome self. Dressed in dark blue brocade, with gold trimming and a starched white embroidered collar, he had to be presentable to his parents, the king, and queen.
There was one thing most obvious, the big white bandage on his head. He couldn’t cover it with a hat, he tilted it from one side to the other until it lost its shape and was all out of sorts, so he decided to take it off.
This was the first time he had seen the wound in the mirror for himself. He was horror struck at the sight of his gruesome mess of a head. He tried to brush his hair over it, but it still looked unacceptable. He groaned, shook his head and mumbled. “Pedee.”
He gave the pile of tangled bandage a hopeless glance, then stared at himself in the mirror with a bemused smirk.
Von approached the dining hall a little late. His first day back is somewhat of a small festivity. From a distance, one can hear music, conversation, and laughter. The room was crowded with nobles, children playing, the king’s dog, the Queen’s cat and busy servants were rushing everywhere, covering tables with all kinds of meat, bread, colorful fruit and poured wine continuously.
As Von entered the double doors and strolled to the main table. A great hush came over the room as he passed and the music stopped. His eyes sought the face of his father; whose smile showed how pleased he was to see his son.
In the suddenly silent room, Von sat between his mother and his betrothed, Claudia. At the sight of Von’s now shaven bald head, Claudia nearly fainted. She rose from her seat followed by her mother.
The king was outraged at their impudence; he dipped a brow, pointed at the two women and roared. “You! Sit! This is the price he paid so you can eat, giggle and drink at this table in peace!”
As the two ladies returned to their seats, embarrassed, you could hear a pin drop. The king stood up and bellowed out a new decree. “From this moment forward, any wound caught on a Towten battlefield, dressed or undressed, is welcome at this table.”
He slowly glared over the room and then nodded for the music to restart. The queen sat up a little taller with a slight smile. His young brother, Gabe, grinned from ear to ear. Dean and Lex were flabbergasted and muffle their laughter. Von blinked a few times at Claudia, then burst a full smile.
• • •
After dinner, the king and queen lounged comfortably in their center room, intensely listening to Von as he paced back and forth with excitement. “I know it sounds outrageous, ridiculous.”
The king sat on the edge of his chair. “And he just dropped the sword?”
Von stopped pacing to face them, “Father it was as if I had lopped his head off.”
The king sat back in his seat perplexed. “This must be done right; if they drop their weapon, we can’t just kill defenseless madmen? Where’s the honorable sport in that?”
Von took a seat, “We don’t have to. They just stop, surrender, defeated.”
Vincent rose with one hand behind his back and the other pulling on his beard; he took Von’s place pacing the floor. “This changes everything, but it should be handled with considerable tact. We must be careful. It has to be a just and proper win.”
Von leaned his bald head back with a sigh. “I’ve been conferring with Lex and Dean; we will put an end to the war, and it will be a rightful victory.”
The king smiled, and the queen feeling left out, questioned, “And what will we do with our victory?” Both men gave her a puzzling frown.
• • •
Some weeks later the opportunity arrived to put the pigtail clipping strategy to the test. A large army of Hummy was spotted crossing into Towten territory on an invasion march. The Towten decide to pick a small valley area to engage them.
Betting on this new battle tactic, Dean led the Towten into battle as Von and Lex watched from a distant ridge. Should things go wrong, they would attack from a different angle, surrounding the invaders.
On horseback under a large shady tree, Von and Lex got a closer look as the two armies converged. Even from afar it was easy to see where the battle lines fell, with the Tow in blue and the Hum in green.
Von’s men were restless at first, as the blue line seemed to be eaten back by the green. Von wondered if he had made a major error, “You were right, their response is aggressive, to say the least. I can’t say I have ever seen that many Hummy on the battlefield.”
With no expression but intense observance they watch as Lex added, “One-third of our men carry two sharp blades, but mainly they just cut hair.”
Von rode out from under the tree for a little closer view, “Then this should be over quickly.” At that moment, the blue line made a surge.
Lex joined Von with a smile and handed him his spyglass. “Here, get a good look.” he chuckled. “It’s working.”
In the heart of the chaos, the cutting teams don’t seem to stop the Hummy from fighting but distract and disable them. It was like swinging a blade with one hand and trying to hold your pants up with the other. The sight was almost comical. A smiling Von handed the spyglass back to Lex.
Then like a wave, the Hummy started to retreat. The Towten made pursuit and cause more turmoil. Every tail they cut today will not return tomorrow.
Von and Lex were speechless as they rode up to the edge of the small Valley to get an even closer look. Then like a burst of lightning, the Towten army became energized and overran the Hummy in a quick swoop.
Lex laughed, “Your right, it was quick. Ha, your father shouldn’t have missed this one. It’s over; I truly believe the war is over.”
• • •
In the weeks that followed battles and skirmishes continue, then suddenly they stopped, completely. The Towten see this as a prelude to surrender. Some decorative braids were kept as souvenirs and hung on walls, banners and horse bridles, and many were burned on huge bonfires after each victory.
Von and Lex rode alone, toward home, and Lex wondered out loud, “So now what? We have the Hummy running with their tail between their legs. What do we do with them?”
“Good question.” Von answered, “With no war, what do we do with ourselves? I’ve never seen such a quiet summer.”
Approaching a clearing, a merchant waved the two men down. “My prince! Please, I have been waiting half the day hoping you would come this way.”
Von stopped, and the merchant continued, “I know of your upcoming wedding. I have brought the most beautiful things from all over the world for you to give to your new bride.”
Von dismounts and pulled off his gloves. The merchant scurried around excited. He opened three huge trunks and laid out dresses and jewelry. Von held up a beautiful pale blue one trimmed with gold lace. “Do you have anything bigger?”
A little puzzled the merchant answered, “Why yes I do, for your ladies Mother perhaps?” He rambled through a large box and pulled out five lovely gowns. Von joined him, opening jewel boxes, digging in trunks but never answered.
After pulling out everything, Von stood back and looked over the spread. He addressed the merchant, “Yes, I’ll take it all.
This excites the man to jump up and down. “Oh, splendid. Who shall I call on at the palace when I deliver it?”
Von mounts his horse, “No, deliver it to the Hardy Tavern, Prince Von Cottage, to the three ladies there.
The merchant gawked, then caught himself, “As you wish my prince.”
As Von and Lex, leisurely trot off, Lex felt the need to poke fun at Von. “Your mother will put a price on your head for that.”
Von chuckled, “For all that my lovely ladies provide, they so deserve it. When I’m there, I feel rejuvenated, invigorated; I just don’t get that at home.” He raised his hand to outline his thoughts. “I was wondering, what do you think my mother would say if I moved them into a specially built wing of the palace?”
Lex looked at Von as if to say, are you mad? Von held a straight face then burst out laughing, and Lex shook his head. “That wedding doesn’t sit well with you yet, does it? And what’s this thing with her and the Outland merchant’s son? That doesn’t bother you?”
Von seemed unconcerned, “No, she’s just a child. If her father were still here, he wouldn’t be that much older than I.” He took a deep sigh, “That’s what I get for waiting so long. I’m more suited for that witch of a mother of hers. I’d like to tear that one apart.”
The men snicker, and Von pondered, “Claudia is more suited for my little brother”. But after some silence, Von decided to share his deeper thoughts. “I need someone like her….” He tilts his head in deep reflection. “Have you ever seen my mother’s face when my father tells one of his gory stories?”
Lex watched Von lift his hand as if reciting poetry. “Watch her eyes, her mouth falls open, and she stops breathing. She would eat him alive if it wouldn’t kill him. It’s so old world, a kind of fused loyalty, seeded in a private pit in their hearts. That’s what I want.”
Lex took a deep breath and blinked his eyes, “Your right my prince, you’ve waited too long. Back to my question? What do you want done with that merchant’s boy?”
That statement brought Von back to the present. “I couldn’t care less. She must be a virgin on our wedding eve. If not, off with her head. I know Claudia. That will never happen.”
“So, we’ll be hearing the pitter patter of little feet by next summer?” Lex teases.
Von smirks, raised one brow and answered with sarcasm, “Yes! I imagine so. I think when he’s about five, we will move to Prince Von’s Cottage, so he can have a real life!”
The two men laugh heartily.
Upon arriving, Von and Lex receive a hero’s welcome.

8.
HUMMY PALACE
When they first arrived in the Valley, the Hummy didn’t travel too far. A lush forest helped them build a fine village, and the clearing left good soil for farming.
Farther away from the cold mountains, Hummy was warm with big windows and huge balconies. The king’s center room led to his favorite gallery. The furniture was carved from stone, and it had a platform complete with a thrown. The view from this high place was breathtaking, and the King spent a lot of time there.
His center room resembled a large library full of books, a huge desk, comfortable chairs everywhere and lots of light coming in through tall narrow stained glass windows. It also had a throne, and the King also spent lots of time there.
Huge fireplaces kept Hummy Palace warm in the winter, and though the rooms were large, they were not sparse but filled with fine wood furnishings.
The Towten had gold, but the Hummy were not without their own blessings. When quarrying stone for the palace, they unearthed a small amount of gold but a large quantity of exquisite gemstones were found in nearby caves, and the colorful royal family wore them lavishly.
Like their neighbor the Towten, the Hummy suffered the same ailments. Earthquakes left the palace with piles of rubble pushed into corners, the failing kept their numbers low, and wars had left their fields full of weeds in the summer when they needed tending the most.
• • •
King Avery was in his center room, discussing the kingdoms state of affairs, with Counsel Blair, Tonnis, and Clour, trying to find out, as the King put it, “What the hell is going on?”
Avery wears a small band of a crown, with his long thick gray hair tied in a gemstone braid wrapped around his head. His snow-white beard is cut close to his face; he is handsome and robust for a man in his seventies.
With a string of losses on the battlefield, a social collapse, and other rumors, it was little wonder that he was in an uproar.
The well-dressed young Blair tried to shed some light on the current situation. “Yesterday another village was burned to the ground. It’s harvest, and most of the fields have been burned. This is going to be a lean year. Also, there is word, a few cases of the failing have shown up in a village near the Towten border.”
The king shook his head, “This is the lowest, Vincent hasn’t sunk this low in a long time, burning villages! If he wants to throw honor and respect off the battlefield, I’ll make him wish he hadn’t. Not even in the old days did we stoop so low. What’s the state of my army?”
Tonnis, captain of the guard and close friend of the King, is quick to answer. “Not enough to launch an attack. Avery, we are fighting two wars at the same time, and it has spread us thin.”
In his frustration, the king misunderstands, he has not been paying attention. “What do I have to do? Shave my own head to prove this idiotic hair thing is finished and stupid? It’s old world madness.”
Blair tries to clarify things, “No my king. I believe this would just add to the chaos. We don’t believe the village attacks were made by the Towten.”
Blair leaned in on Avery, “In any case, the dishonored are hard at work guarding what’s left of our countryside.
Clour, another captain, interrupts, “We’ve killed a few. They were dressed like Outlanders. Witnesses claim they come in bands of three or four.”
The king sat up in a huff, “Outlanders? How the hell did Outlanders get here? Who led them? That explains everything! Outlanders.”
“We have no idea how they’re penetrating the Lossmen, we still patrol the area. The merchants are escorted as usual with no incident.” Clour explains.
There was no consoling the king. “No idea! I want answers! And where’s Marcus?”
The noblemen glance at each other knowing something’s amiss with Prince Marcus but don’t want to be the first one to say it. Clour spoke up, “We are looking for him, my king.”
Avery slammed his fist down. “Looking for him? He could be dead for all we know, shaved bald. Where else would he be?” Eyes drop, there is silence for a moment.
Blair tried to change the subject back to things more important. “My king, soon it will be fall. I suggest we pull away from the Towten. Concentrate our forces here at home. They will think we’re in trouble. They will come here to attack. Whoever shows up, we’ll be ready and waiting!”
At that moment, Princess Carla, the king’s oldest daughter, bursts in with a huge smile. “Father!” Someone should have warned her. It was the wrong time to enter without knocking.
In his bruised mood, the King lashed out at the pretty young lady. “Get out of here” He pointed toward the door. The others were taken aback, especially Blair. No one in the room took his holler easily.
Carla sank as the men turned to continue their discussion. Her face turned red, and a few of her curls must have fallen. She ran out of the nearest door into a small dark hallway and bumped into Ruskin, one of Marcus’s men.
Ruskin was known for wearing all his gems in his hair. Maybe it was a way to compensate for his unattractive facial feature, a cut across the forehead giving him a Cyclops eyebrow. A social outcast, he was only too willing to become one of Marcus’s henchmen.
Carla catches her scream when she recognizes Ruskin. He smiles as he has just been caught snooping. He tried a seductive approach, “Sweet princess.” He reaches out and pulls a ribbon loose from the sleeve of her dress.
Her normal response to a situation like this would be to scream and bring this to the attention of her father, but after being so brutally dismissed a moment ago, she didn’t dare. The best thing to do was put him in his place herself. She lifted her head and narrowed her eyes, lowered her voice, tightened her lips and leaned into his face. “How dare you touch me.” She started to walk away when a question came to mind. She frowned and with eyes still narrowed she turned back, “What were you doing? You had your ear to the door, didn’t you?”
Knowing more than anyone in the palace that night, he spoke smugly. “All the more reason for you to be nice to me my lady. I know things, and you’re going to need somebody like me. Your world is falling apart; you could starve this winter.”
She could see his teeth glow in the dark, she was disgusted. Frightened but determined not to show it, she stomped her foot and stormed out into the light, stopped, without turning and addressed him firmly, “Stay away from me.”
From the dark, he arrogantly responded, “Or what? You’re going to tell your father? He’s too busy saving Hummy to be bothered with you. Yes, I heard that.”
She shook her head and raged off, but she couldn’t help wonder what he had heard that made him think he could be so brazen. Was her world falling apart? She rarely saw her father that angry, and he had never yelled at her that way before.
Back in the king’s center room, the discussion continued. Blair stirred, “I don’t think the Towten have the slightest idea we’re being invaded. They may think our weakened front is their doing.”
The king’s voice calmed, “Could the Towten be behind the Outland invaders?”
All three men wobble in accord. “No.” Tonnis answered assuredly.
The king ponders aloud, “Then it’s us today and them tomorrow.” The men nod in agreement.
• • •
Later, Blair hears the familiar sound of laughter, in a large crowded hall. Winding through people, and a turn here and there and he finds Carla, standing with a group of giggling ladies. As he approached, the women rushed off leaving Carla waiting.
Blair takes her hand and kisses it ever so gently, “My lady.” Their eyes lock, and soft smiles cover their faces. She finds it puzzling, how could someone discuss matters so cold and coarsely one moment and be so tender the next.
He would do anything to soothe the wounds just inflicted by her father. How could he tell her his words cut him also, but he tries, “Your father, he may have been a little…”
“Cutting!” she stops.
Still holding her hand, he moves closer puts it to his chest and whispered. “You have no idea how precious you are to him.” She kept eye contact. “It’s just that right now…”
Suddenly her smile is gone, and her eyes grow big with concern, “Blair, is it true? Could we starve?”
Blair was taken aback by her question. His smile fades for a moment, as these are things he never wants her to worry about, think about or fear. His beam returns, and in a soft voice he promises, “I will never let that happen to you.” But that wasn’t enough to bring a smile to her face.

9.
VICTORY IS NEAR
Late one afternoon in the Towten army camp, Dean was busy at his desk. His mind was occupied with the papers in front of him, until a guard entered his tent and announced, “Captain, we have captured a lone Hummy traveling through the countryside.”
Slightly irritated by the interruption, Dean answered, “So, put him with the others.”
The guard still not so sure replied, “Captain the man looks to be a nobleman. Dean blinked his eyes with surprise, and responded loudly, “What? Bring him in.” He pushed the papers aside and topped them with a crystal rock.
Dean sat waiting impatiently with his arms folded when the guard brought in the Hummy Blair with his hands bound.
The man is so handsomely dressed, it was obvious indeed he was somebody. Slowly Dean rose from his seat and with his hands behind his back; he gave Blair a close inspection. In his wildest thoughts, he couldn’t imagine why a Hummy nobleman would let himself get caught in the Towten countryside. Was he bringing word of surrender? Not likely from Avery.
He stood with his chin up as if to dare Dean to lay a hand on him.
At last, Dean gave in to his curiosity. “Well fancy that, a Hummy nobleman, caught gallivanting in dangerous Towten territory?” Still circling, Dean took notice of the emeralds twisted in Blair’s braid. “And what a nice decorative braid we have here.” He pulled a dagger from his side and lifted the braid at the back of the man’s neck.
He doesn’t flinch but took the moment to speak his business. “I am Lord Blair, I was on my way to Towten Palace, I request an audience with your king.”
Dean dropped the braid and leaned in with a low sarcastic voice, “It’s not that decorative of a braid.”
The two men eyed each other wondering what the other was thinking.
• • •
Days later Von and Dean discuss Blair over a meal in Von’s center room. Pedee filled their goblets as the two men rip a bird apart.
Pulling hot bread and sopping it in warm gravy, Dean declared, “Truly, I do believe the man was earnest.”
Before taking a bite from a large drumstick, Von thought out loud, “Well that would explain their early wind down from the war. In a way, I’m rather glad it wasn’t the hair. It had a way of taking all the glory out of the victory, it was too easy, I must admit I hoped for more of a rebound.”
Dean cut another large chunk of meat off the bird. “There is no doubt the hair had an impact, but now they’re fighting outlanders too. He said they have a few cases of the failing and it’s near our border.”
Von cleared his mouth and washed it down with a gulp. “The failing?” He stopped eating wiped his hands, frowned and leaned back in his chair.
Dean’s lips looked greasy when he spoke with his mouth full. “He claims he came to warn us. He said what is their problem today, will soon be ours and I believe him.”
Von ran his tongue over his gums, “Where is he now?”
Dean, full and satisfied sighed, wiped his mouth and hands and looked across the table at Von. “Gone, He said he would like to keep in contact, like an ambassador. I set him free.”
Von threw his napkin on the table and gave Dean a smirk. “And you trust him?”
Dean tilted his head a little, and turned down the corners of his mouth, his eyes bounced around, then back at Von, “As unbelievable as it sounds, yes I do.”
Von leaned his head back, lowered his eyes, and relaxed in thought for a moment. Then responded with a tisk and a slight sigh, “After all these years we’re ready to pounce on them like a hungry lion and Avery decides to send an ambassador?”
• • •
Weeks later, Queen Kissna sat in a small warm receiving room. The walls were covered with beautiful portraits of royal ladies from the past. Kissna stood nervously waiting and picking at her honey tree, a small bonsai type with a sap covered trunk and long red leaves.
Her dark blue taffeta dress pulled tight at the waist, with a large burgundy bow and large puffy long sleeves, gave her a streamline look. Her gray hair was sharp, contrasting, black and white unblended. When pulled up on her head, it was dramatic, and she knew it, so every hair was kept in place.
But the most stunning thing about her was the ring, handed down by the last four Towten Queens. Made of precious stone, it was in the shape of a ball and looked like the world, complete with land and water, in all the right places. The ball was held loosely in place, with four golden talons and a center ring, allowed you to roll the stone with your thumb and she kept it rolling.
Rose, Kissna’s first handmaid, and closest confidant led Von into the room and left. Still standing in the window, Von looked her over finding her radiant as always. He smiles softly, “Mother, you wanted to see me?”
Kissna looked up and approached her son to get her usual kiss on the forehead. “Von! It’s not long before your wedding and you never even speak to the girl, not to mention the small king’s ransom you sent to your, those, those…”
Von could see where this conversation was going, he arrogantly interrupted. “lady friends of mine? Mother, they take such good care of me.”
The queen fired back. “Well, it’s embarrassing to her, her mother, and to me. There must be some respect.”
Letting this conversation go in one ear and out the other, Von agreed, “Always mother, always.”
Knowing she’s not really getting anywhere with him, she changed the subject to get his attention. “So, am I to understand the war is over? You men! Your father is up all hours of the night in conference. He must have asked me a hundred times, Kissna do you know what this means. And the way he talks about you.”
Von grinned from ear to ear. “It’s looking that way.”
Kissna swirled around and lightened the tone of her voice. “Wonderful, it will be the perfect beginning for your wedding story. Then I would like some work done to this place. It’s getting draftier, older and colder every winter. Soon it won’t matter what side of the palace we move to.”
“I was thinking the same thing.” He agreed.
“In any case, have a seat,” she insisted, “I have invited Claudia here.” She gets in his face. “I will lock the doors if I have to. Von? Don’t you want an heir?
He took a deep breath, looked off for a second, put a smile on, took his mother’s hands and looked softly into her eyes with a heart full of teasing. “Mother, I’m not afraid of her. We have so much in common, I was just thinking maybe I should save some conversation for after we were wed and see one another… every single day!”
The queen rolled her eyes and shook her head, tickled at how handsome and bright her son grew up to be. But before she could scold him, a guard burst into the room seriously agitated. “My queen, my prince, this came urgently, for you.” He handed the note to Von.
Noting the alarmed expression on the guard’s face, Von quickly opened it.
Kissna saw Von was suddenly stressed. She clutched her chest. “What? What’s gone wrong?”
Von stepped away, narrowed his eyes and pulled on his beard. Kissna snatched the letter to read it.
Von went for the door, followed by a frantic Kissna. “The failing is in camp?” She covered her mouth in shock, then tried to block Von’s way. “You can’t go. If you leave, you’ll be locked out till it passes.”
Von gently pushed her aside and in a low voice explains, “You asked me about the war. This could change everything.”
He swiftly passed by stunningly dressed Claudia, just coming in. The queen was just behind him, running down the hall screaming. “The king! The king! Where is the king?”
Claudia stood alone in wonder.
• • •
The next day Von, Lex and a few men were deep in Towten countryside riding hard back to camp. Suddenly they were pounced on from out of the trees, the attackers knocked them off their horses taking them by surprise. The Towten outnumbered their ambushers by two, but the attackers had the advantage of surprise.
Already tense and wound up with their minds set on reaching the camp as soon as possible, the assault was doomed to fail. The Towten weren’t just fighting for their lives but for victory itself.
Knocked off his horse, Von was cut across the chest. He was quick on his feet, with nothing but his side dagger to defend himself. Ducking and dodging, his assassin swung a sword at him missing while Von kept a keen eye out for an opening to end the skirmish.
The enemy made the fatal mistake of taking a closer look at the man he intended to kill and was distracted for an instant by the tat on his face. Von saw his way in, knocked him down and stabbed him in the chest. With the man’s eyes still fixed on Von’s crest, he whispered, “I killed the Towten prince.” Von frowned with curiosity and twisted the dagger deeper.
The dust settled, sweating and panting, Von was standing over the man he had just killed when Lex approached, “You okay?”
Von nodded yes, “Who the hell are they?”
Lex inspects the body with his sword. “I would say Deans Hummy friend was right. This is an outlander.”
Von ran his hand over his torn shirt where the outlander cut him. “That twit cut me.” He looked at his hand, and there is no blood. His breath was cut short, he stepped back horrified. He dropped his dagger and ripped his shirt open. Everyone gasps, as Von ran his hand over a five-inch cut on the right-hand side of his chest, that ran green.
Von roared out with all his might, and the trees shook, and all the birds flew out. “Damn! Damn him, he poisoned me. Cryistlime! The filthy bastard killed me. I’m going to die!”
• • •
Later that night, the air was cold. Dean watched over physicians as they worked on Von. Lex stood outside the tent watching silhouettes dart and listening to Von bellowing and moaning in pain. Dean left the tent and cautioned Lex. “He wants them to keep trying to bleed the wound but there’s no blood, and his chest is bruised black. I fear it is this that will take his life.
Lex bit his lip, glanced off with a sigh that blew a swirling fog from his nose into the cold air, but he says nothing. A physician approached the two men. “My Lords, the Prince…”
The physician was cut short by Von crying out viciously, “Come back here! How dare you stop! I demand you to do it again and again! Where the hell is he? Get back in here. Did you hear me?”
Lex and Dean nodded for the physician to continue the bleeding. A stressed Dean shook his head and re-entered the tent.
Outside the tent shadows move, Von screamed again, and again then there was silence. Lex looked toward the tent entrance and waited for a response. As Dean slowly approached with his head bowed Lex narrowed his eyes, inhaled, and braced himself.
Dean looked up blinked his eyes, cleared his throat and whispered, “The prince is… unconscious.”
Lex exhaled, pulled on his whiskers, stood silent, ran his cold hand over his face and walked away.

10.
FIRST BLESSINGS FROM EXILE
Outside Prince Von’s Cottage, the sun was slowly dropping. Von lay in bed sweating with a fever. The physician, Dean, Lex, Sandy, and Lindy wait on him hand and foot. The look was grim; the ladies hid and wept in corners.
Turbulence cut the silence as Rose, the Queen’s handmaiden bursts through the door with Marie and Pedee close behind. The quiet room was abruptly alive with emotion. Rose lay a gentle hand on Von’s face. “Oh, my god! What has happened?”
Dean asked, “Did you tell anyone?”
Rose turned around and whispered to the men now standing. “No, your note said not too.”
Pedee pulled Von’s shirt open exposing the green wound and a black and blue chest. He bounced back shaken, shook it off and put a horn like instrument on Von’s chest to listen to his heart. He quickly covered him, and whispered to Rose, “He’s a cryistlum.”
Rose gasps, covered her mouth and almost fainted, “Good heavens! The king must know of this! Are you all insane?”
Lex held her by the shoulders and spoke softly to her face of pain, “Rose look at me and listen, he has made us swear not to tell them and for his sake we haven’t.”
With tear filled eyes she quickly turned away, wiped them away and tucked in her now puffy lips. She sat on the side of his bed and brushed a sweaty curl away from his face, “What kind of story will you tell? When he dies, the king will have all of our heads. Should I have no respect for his mother? Am I without a heart or soul?”
Von reached out and took Rose’s hand. She leaned into him, her face covered in compassion. Von whispered, “Please Rose, I can’t feel my legs. Please take me outside. I want to die under the stars.”
Rose choked back the tears and placed his hand on her chest. “If that’s what you want my dearest. If that’s what you want.”
At that, Von closed his eyes and fell relaxed as if dead. Everyone in the room held their breath as Rose stepped aside for the physician and Pedee, who held a mirror to Von’s mouth.
The room was slightly relieved when he announced, “He is still with us. But his heart is weak. If he wants to die under the sky, maybe we should move him now.”
The ladies gasp clutching their chest. Rose with eyes like saucers, turned to Lex with Dean standing close behind her. “With panic in her voice she explained, “I knew it was something awful, maybe the failing but not this. I brought an elixir. It may save his life. No one has ever used it on a human before, just a few animals.”
She glanced at Von, then back at Lex with a pleading question on her face. “I think we should try it.” She pulled the small vial from her pocket and held it up. It looked like plain water but had black sediment at the bottom. “It’s called black water.”
Lex took the vial, examined it closely and nods yes, and Dean whispers, “I’ll try anything at this point?”
Rose sat back at Von’s side, “Help me.” she called to the physicians who propped Von’s head while she opened the vial. He cracked his eyes open just a slit. “My dearest, please just a drop.”
She held the vial to his lips but nothing. She tried again using a more pronounced voice. “Just a drop or two my sweetest and we will take you out under the blue skies.
At that, he forced his weak body to take all she gave him, and she gives it all, and he fainted into a deep sleep.
• • •
Hours passed, the large room was silent, only the sound of wood popping in the fireplace could be heard as everyone held their breath waiting. During the night they dozed off to sleep.
Then the physician Pedee whispered to Lex and aroused Rose and Dean. “His heart is stronger, and he’s breathing easier.” They all looked hopeful. “But I must caution you,” he added. “He is still dying. The wound has widened, and small nodules are starting to rise.”
The three sat, feeling hopeless when Lex picked up the empty vial laying on the table and ask Rose, “Where did you say the water came from? Can we get more?”
Rose’s eyes lit up, “I’m sure. It’s from Exiland. Conner is there. I think we should take the Prince. Conner will know what to do.”
They turn to Pedee with the obvious question, can he be moved? A suddenly excited Pedee responded, “Yes, yes, I’m with you. Maybe we can soak him in this black water elixir.”
The excitement awakened the others. Rose jumped from the table, pulled the curtain and looked out. She shook her head, “The sun hasn’t shown yet, if we leave now, we should be there by daybreak.” Lex nodded in agreement.
Rose and the ladies started pulling the bedding and wrapping him. The men help carry him from the room and onto the back of a narrow cart with one horse and three wheels and barely enough room for Rose and Pedee.
Lex denied Von’s lady friends the right to follow along. For if they do, they shall be exiled for life. Rose kissed and hugged their tear drenched faces, assuring them that everything will be alright. With red noses and red eyes, they wave goodbye.
• • •
The sun sat just above the mountains when the terrain changed to dry and rocky. A riverbed turned into what looked like a dead end but became a tunnel so narrow the cart barely made it through. In the dark Dean rode on ahead and Lex led the others followed until they saw light at the other end.
As they exit the tunnel, they were surrounded by more high mountains and huge boulders. It was obvious the road had few travelers. But lush green grass and tall forest made one wonder why not? Away off, they spot smoke from a chimney and head in that direction.
After a short distance, Dean returned with Conner. Said to be the same age as the king, Conner was robust, bigger, taller and younger looking. He rode up to get a look at the prince. Wrapped up like a corpse to keep him warm, Conner took one look, shook his head no and yelled out, “He appears to be dead. This won’t help the dead.” Lex replied hoarsely, “He’s not dead…. yet!” Lex and Dean gave each other a worried glance.
Conner led them through the dense growth to an open area, a small valley of shiny black rocks. Even the dirt had turned black. Vents in the ground spewed steam here and there. The few trees that stand were blackened at the trunk, and odd plants grow without soil.
Conner dismounts at a large flat long black rock. It looked like a slab of glass. Behind it was a wall of black rock that trickled water on to green moss and more odd flowers. Conner, Dean, and Lex placed Von’s body on the black slab then Rose and Pedee unwrapped him.
Conner walked away and disappeared behind some huge boulders. Dean called out, “What now?”
And Conner yelled back “Undress him!” and they did and waited impatiently.
Soon Conner returned with another young man, both carrying buckets of smoldering black gravel. Conner eyed the group knowing they may be shocked at what they are about to see. He set the hot gravel down and opened one of Von’s eyes, sighed, turned to the young man and nodded.
Next, they picked up the hot gravel and poured it over Von, causing him to cry out and pass out. Lex held a stunned Dean back as Conner and the boy cover Von’s entire body, all but his face.
Steam scrolls up from the hot gravel as Rose and Pedee came and sat on either side watching over Von closely.
Later as the gravel slowly cooled with no response, they sat, paced, watched and waited, finally turning to Conner who ran his hand over Von’s face and consoled them, “Patience, It takes time.”
“How much time?” A frazzled Rose wined.
Conner answered compassionately, “As much time as is needed. We may have to do this over and over again. Keep in mind I make no guarantee.”
The sun started to descend, and after covering Von with hot gravel for the third time, there was still no response.
Conner and Lex sat alone, patiently waiting on a couple of large black rocks, Dean laid back on a lounge like stone with his hands behind his head. Conner asked calmly. “You told Vincent nothing?” Lex had no answer. Dean turned to the two men, sat up and put his feet on the ground and announced tiredly. “The suns starting to go down.”
Conner sighed, pulled on his beard and looked up at the clear blue sky. “I don’t know of one living cryistlum. If this works, it won’t be short of a miracle. And you’ll have to keep a close watch. I’m not sure what the after effects are.”
Dean rattled off, throwing his arms up in anger, “That Hummy Blair said their war would soon be ours. He was right. Outlanders have invaded Towten and taken the life of our warrior prince. How do I tell my men we’ve been fighting the wrong enemy?”
Then Lex mumbled just loud enough for Conner to hear. “Avery! How will I tell Avery? How will I tell him I didn’t give him a chance to say goodbye to his son? The one he loves more than anything.”
Conner stood, “Let’s load him up again.”
• • •
The sun now sat on the opposite mountain range. It was quiet, just a slight breeze blew by now and then. Conner, Dean, and Lex kept nodding off after their restless night. Even the ever so attentive Rose and Pedee were slumped over waiting.
Then the sound of a gasp for breath sent Rose’s heart racing. She looked to see Von starting to open his eyes and try to move under the tightly packed now grayish gravel. She bounced up, startling everyone awake, screaming, “Look! Look he’s moving.”
Pedee examined Von’s eyes. Conner, Dean, and Lex start to dig him out. Rose brought him cool water to drink. Von sat up asking, “Where am I? What is this?”
Rose beamed with joy as her fingers comb the gravel from Von’s hair. “You sound wonderful my prince. Here, you must be thirsty, drink this.”
• • •
Back at the cottage near the entrance to Exile, the sun rose again. Everyone is gathered in the bedroom. Von was sitting up in bed still a little weak but much better, smiling and talkative. “Lex, Dean, the men, the failing, what do we look like?
Dean dropped his smile as he approached Von’s bedside. “Not now man, you need your rest. You almost died.”
Von sat straight up, “How can I rest if you don’t tell me? Where do we stand?”
Dean looked at Lex who smiled. Dean took a deep breath, “Hard my prince, we took it hard. But there is hope. This magical water has saved your life, and I’m taking a barrel back with me today.”
Von sunk into his pillows in deep thought. “We can’t let the Hummy know we’re vulnerable.”
Dean added, “I got a message from our friend Blair, He claims the outlanders planned to ambush Prince Von’s Cottage and take the lot of us out. He said nothing about the countryside.
Still in deep thought, remembering the Outlander’s reaction to the crest on his cheek, Von answered, “I don’t think they expected me. I think the attack was random.
Dean laughed out loud, “In that case, the invitation must still be open.” He pulled on his beard. “I think we will enjoy waiting for them. Do I smell apple crumps?”
Conner laughed, “Only in your mind.”
Dean has a big smile but Von just barely. “Take care, my friend. Suddenly I have a lot of respect for what this Blair has to say.”
Dean puts his hat on and bows in Roses direction. “May I escort a lady home?”
Rose smiles. “Indeed you may, but first” She leaned over Von, “You gave this old heart a real scare, and I’m to say nothing?”
Von smiled, “Nothing!”
She ran her fingers through his hair endearingly, her eyes filled with tenderness. “Okay, if that’s what you want, Love. But if your mother knew about this, she would skin me in one piece and stuff me inside out. The room erupted with laughter as Dean removed his hat and gave her his arm to lead her out.
• • •
A few days later, Lex and Von were mounting their horses. Conner approached with a water bag and a sack. “Here’s your water. Drink it whenever you’re not feeling quite yourself. And this is a fruit that grows here. It may help you too.”
Von had a pressing question that he couldn’t seem to get an answer too. “Conner, am I healed? How long will this last? I mean, right now, I feel great.”
Conner having no idea, groaned and gave him a soft smile, “Take it easy my prince. Go home and rest. I have no idea how long the healing will last, but if you feel it creeping back, I’ll be here.”
Von exhaled with great gratitude, and Lex smiled. Von and Lex trot home.

11.
VON’S DILEMMA
Dean was successful in halting the failing in the army camp. The black water saved 2 villages and the lives of many soldiers. The hardest thing was never telling anyone where the water came from. It came from Lord Dean, is all that was known, and it was kept under lock and key in the cellar of Prince Von’s Cottage.
Few people knew the truth about Exiland. At one time it was exactly that, exile. Obscure, and concealed behind the high Towten mountain range where a river had created a hidden tunnel that led to the lost world. Discovered by accident, it was found to be a desolate wasteland of ice, with a hot water vent or caldera, which smelt like rotten eggs. It was considered a true no man’s land, called the devil’s cauldron.
Every now and then the king found it to be the perfect exile, keeping his enemies from joining the Hummy. Then one year after an earthquake, the skies over the mountain range lit up red day and night for weeks. The dry riverbed filled with water and blocked the entrance, and other than tails of the devil living there, it was forgotten.
By the time Von’s father was king, the ravages of war and the failing left the kingdom loaded down with poor starving women and children. An old adviser to the King recalled that many years ago a thief and murderer had been captured after disappearing for years. When questioning him as to where he had been hiding, he claimed he had found paradise in hell.
The king sent three brave men to investigate, one being Lord Conner, a long trusted friend. They found an old woman who claimed an absconder brought her there years earlier.
The men returned to the king with stories of what sounded like paradise including a warm water lake and a black waterhole, foliage with strange fruit, open fields with grain growing wild, herds of farm animals running free, and a forest of fine wood trees.
After some thought the king decided to keep it a secret, a safe haven from the Hummy. As far as anyone shall know the place is still hell, and he wrote up a decree that exiled all the poor women and children there. The first one he exiled was Conner and his young daughter Donna to rule in his absents.
That was ten years ago, and the secret was still well protected, everyone still believes exile is a wasteland where the king sends poor, helpless orphans, and widows… and they hate him for it.
• • •
Von returned home to Towten Palace where he and Lex alone, pondered what becoming a cryistlum meant. He is alive but for how long? Will he lose his mind, his teeth or all the hair on his body? These thoughts kept him up at night and placed a shadow over his usual bright persona.
One night, after Von finally fell asleep, he got his answer. He woke up sweating, wheezing and gasping for air. With his chest exposed, he found the grayish leathery wound had widened. He jumped up in the dimly lit room and poured a goblet full of the water that Conner had given him. He gulps it down, and laid back, then ran his fingers over the wound to see if he could feel any nodules but found none. After a few moments, his breathing returned to normal. He stared up at the ceiling in deep thought. Now he knew the healing wasn’t permanent, but the water seems to help, at least for now.
• • •
The next morning Von was in his office in deep contemplation, gazing out the window, inhaling the sweet summer’s air. Claudia entered, spread her beautiful blue dress and bowed low. “My prince, you called for me?”
Without turning around, he addressed her mildly, “Claudia, It has come to my attention that your heart may lie elsewhere?”
Alarmed, she ran to his side and bowed her head reassuringly, “Oh my prince! I, I promise you, no one but you is in my heart, but no one.”
Von’s response was quick, “And the merchant’s son you’ve been seen alone, hiding in dark corners and behind bushes with?”
Claudia’s face flushed red, and her heart raced. She gasps and fell to her knees next to the prince, who has yet to look upon her. In a high pitched voice, she tried to defend herself, “Oh! No! He is but a friend, just my friend. I have done nothing. I am a pure virgin. He has never put his hands on me.”
Von finally looked down at her with a frown, appalled that she would lie. With his fist to his hip, he spoke loudly, “Claudia! I know everything!”
Her mouth fell open, with eyes wide the tears started to fall as she tried to confess, “No! No, I only admit to a small kiss only once,” She melted into the round blue circle of her dress on the floor. With a large lump in her throat, her voice weakened, “but nothing, nothing, nothing else,” she shook her head. There was silence, except for the sound of her sniffling.
After a few moments, Von inhaled, threw his head back and with a soft smile he announced, “I release you, you are no longer my betrothed.”
Terrified, Claudia looked up, curiosity covered her whimpering face. With a trembling voice, she asked “You release me?” She held her breath as Von stood smiling. “With, with my head?”
He gave her a hand up off the floor and answered, “Yes, with your head, I want you to leave with him when the merchants go.” He wiped the tears from her pouting face.
With arched eyebrows and trembling lips, she hugged him, abruptly pulling back, and looking into his eyes, fresh tears of gratitude started to fall. “It is true. I do not love you, but as I stand here in your arms, looking into your eyes, I don’t know why I don’t.” She dropped her gaze.
Von took her by the shoulders, “You had better hurry and pack. They leave tomorrow. You need to get out of this valley.”
Claudia backed away, gave a slight bow and ran to the door. Von returned to his window, then remembered he had forgotten something. He yelled before the girl was out the door. “Oh! Claudia,” She stopped dead in her tracks. “There is one thing! Don’t leave without your mother! She does another slight bow, and with a wide eyed smile, she ran out the door.
Still gazing out the window, Von put on a smirk, talking to himself. “That was the most honest, sincere and enjoyable moment I’ve ever spent with Claudia.”
• • •
A few days later Von was with the king and queen in their receiving. The king was comfortably seated as the queen, and Von circled the floor. The Queen rubbed her forehead, “Now what do we do. She’s gone, and you have no heir. One day you will be king.” She threw her hands into the air. “A king with no heir.”
Von shook his head and tried to explain, “Mother, she was so young. She just would have been a pain in the neck. And her mother? Eventually, I would have had the woman beheaded.”
Kissna stopped in the middle of the floor and blasted, “Von!”
Von leaned against the fireplace, folded his arms and gave his parents a serious glare. “Did you ever stop and think what if…?
“There is no what if.” His father interrupted.
In a slightly harsh tone, Von countered “There’s always what if. Look at my brothers and their heirs. Whatever the battlefield, the failing,” his eyes shifted away, “or cryistline left.”
The king dipped an eyebrow, “Von!”
Von softened his voice. “I’m just trying to say, Gabe, look how old he is. I know you’re trying to save him because… what if. I agree, but he needs to be pulled out of the nest.” Von’s voice rose as he continued. “What kind of King will he make? He needs to get a taste for blood, because what if one day I’m not around?”
There was silence as his parents were a little startled at his outburst. Von went to the door turned tilted his head with a slight bow, and greeted them. “Good evening mother, father.”
The queen flopped down in a chair next to the king. She stared at the door where her son had just left, and in a soft voice she wondered out loud, “Something’s wrong. It’s like he’s lost all his light-spirited color. It couldn’t be the girl. I didn’t think he cared that much.”
King Vincent replied. “I didn’t think he cared at all.
Kissna laid her hand on Vincent’s and asks, “My dearest, where is Gabe? I haven’t seen him for a few days.”
The king leaned back in his chair, and exhaled, “He’s up on the north hill. Three bodies were found, victims of cryistlime spores.” He speaks in a matter of fact tone as Kissna cringed in her seat. “Apparently their chest had burst open, and they were in blossom stage. One’s neck was severed where toadstools had burst out. They claim you could see the mountainside shimmering blue green cryistlime. He’s supervising the burning out.”
The Queen snatched her hand back and covered her chest. “I thought they had burned and destroyed all those evil things before.”
The king snickered. “My love, we’ll always have to keep an eye out for that devil weed.”
The queen lightens her tone and put her hand back. “Well, if Gabe can witness something that repulsive, he definitely has the makings of a king, at least in my mind.”
The king pulled on his beard and narrowed his eyes in thought.

12.
THE FALL AND RISE
Late one clear cold night, Von dashed down the palace stairs where a grim looking Lex waited for him, under a star covered sky. An open wagon sat in the middle of the courtyard surrounded by guards with torches.
As an anxious Von slowly approached, a man ran up to him, sorrowfully holding his hat in his hand. “My prince, we thought they had too much to drink. They are all dead, even the innkeeper.” Alarmed Von grabbed a torch and ran to the cart full of bodies and found Lindy still hanging on with her head cradled in the lap of a weeping young girl.
He swallowed hard, his nose flairs, his face covered in shock pain, he asked softly, “Lindy, Lindy what’s happened?”
She barely opened her eyes and whispered, “Von!”. She put her hand out for him to take placed it on her chest.
Again he asks, “Dearest Lindy, What has happened?”
She looked at him, then the dark sky, “Poison, poison pies. Kissly was helping me. I was the last one to eat.” A tear slowly ran. “I wanted to make sure everyone had enough. I should have known. They were too sweet. Now we’re all dead.”
A servant boy ran up to Von with Conner’s black water bag. He put the bag spout up to her face. “Lindy drink, drink the water.” He placed the bag to her pale lips, but she kept talking. “We drank the black water. We drank all the water but… but…” With her gaze planted in the stars, she died.
Von’s face contorts. His eyes dart, he took a deep breath and controlled the pain, physical and emotional. He laid her hand back on her chest, closed her eyes, as the young girl wailed out tearfully, “It was Kissly.”
In a deep groan of a voice and his jaw clenched, Von asked, “Where is she now? Do you know?”
The child answered somewhat hysterically. “She ran off. The murdering monster was laughing. She said her Prince told her to do this.”
Von frowned, puzzled, “What prince?”
The child wiped her eyes and questioned, “Not you?”
Von patted her hand with compassion and softened his voice. “No, not me.”
He joined Lex who uncovered the others including Dean, Bear, Sandy, and Marie. He showed Von all the dead. Von slammed his fist down on the cart and thundered out “Damn!” so loud, he spooked the horse and weakened himself. He started wheezing, gulped the water and roared out breathlessly. “She was the ambush the Hummy warned of.” His eyes dart for a moment, he looked like a dragon with condensation rolling up from his nostrils and billowing from his mouth as he sliced the night with his words. “I want every door, every barn, every rock, turned out until you find her. Then I want her impaled but not killed, to roast slowly, like a pig, and thrown to the wolves.”
He gulped the water again; devastated, he slowly pulled himself back up the stairs. Lex watched, “Von! You may need to make a short journey and see Conner before winter sets in. I will take care of this.”
Von stopped on the steps, without turning around, he nodded.
• • •
Weeks passed, but Kissly had not been found. Von felt as if his arms and legs had been severed. His anger had paralyzed him. How could things change so quickly? He wondered.
Dressed in black, ready for battle leathers, Von sat at a large table in an empty room with his head in his hands, face down, elbows on the table, his hair sprouting between his fingers. He was startled when he raised his head to see his father sitting across from him, staring with an anxious, puzzled glare.
Von cleared his throat and sat back, “Father, I didn’t hear you enter.”
“I noticed,” Vincent replied, sounding surprised his son was under such stress.
Von relaxed, and his father asks, “So, how bad is it?”
Von deflated and blinked a few times. “Bad enough for me to call Lex back. We’ll catch the Kissly witch later.” He leans in, lowered his voice and looked his father square in the eyes, “Bad enough that you and mother should leave for Exile. Leave Gabe, I’ll keep him till just before it gets really ugly.”
The king dipped a brow, reared back and proclaimed loudly. “Well, we can send those two, but hell, I’m not leaving. What do you think I do every morning? Sleep late like you. My swords not dusty and no one is taking Towten from me.”
Von flashed a full smile. He glanced off in deep thought, took a breath and looked to his father for answers. “It seems like just the other day we boasted victory. Now look, just that fast, we’re facing defeat.”
He stood and combed his hair back with his hands. “To be honest, I pity whoever faces me on the battlefield.” He glowered and slowly released each word dripping with emotion, “I’m full of anger and rage, I can’t wait to kill someone, something, anything.”
But Vincent offered wisdom and optimism, “Son, such is life. How many times have I seen it before? We’re Towten, and we’ll always survive. Don’t let your anger rob you. You must be able to think straight, now more than ever.”
Von punched his fist into the palm of his hand. “That Kissly business sits in my heart like a searing red hot coal.”
The King looked for a way to calm his son, “Did you tell your mother?”
Von answered dryly. “No, I wanted to spare her. She has no idea the murderous monster is her…
Suddenly they’re interrupted when Lex rushed in. Breathy with eyes wide he announced, “My king, the Hummy Blair, and soldiers are at the gates demanding to see you.”
Von’s eyes lit up with a devilish grin and a kink in his brow, as if on high alert. He turned to his father, “No doubt wanting a surrender. Ha, he’ll die for it. How did they find out so quickly? Lex, how many men do they have?”
Lex answered, “We can take them out easily, but if there’s a bigger attack, we’ll be spread thin. The room sparks with volts of excitement.
Von reached for his gear leaning in a corner, “Well, I have a plan…”
Vincent frowned, shook his head and pulled on his whiskers, “Wait; you said how could they know our situation? Maybe they don’t. Be ready, but first let’s see how much they know and what they offer. Lex, let him in.” the king motioned.
Lex nods and leaves. The king pulled fruit from a tray and started cutting and eating it. “Here, sit and look comfortable, as if you don’t have a worry in the world.” Von quickly removed his gear and laid back in a chair.
Moments later a servant opened the door, and Blair walked in, “Forgive my intrusion,” He gave a full bow, removing his hat like a gentleman. “King Vincent, at last I have the pleasure, I’m the Hummy, Lord Blair. I come humbled, to offer my condolences. Dean and I had become quite comradely. I thought highly of him.”
Von and the King exchange a glance as Blair continued, “I apologize for being so blunt. However, I have another pressing matter.” He stood up a little taller and asserts, “I come not on behalf of my King but on behalf of my people who are on the verge of starvation. The outlanders have caused extensive damage. Our harvest has been lost.
Von and the king glance at each other again as Blair explained. “We are willing to pay in gems of course, a substantial amount.”
Von turned to his father smugly and raised a brow then with a pleasant smile, turned to Blair. “Would you be so kind as to leave the room for a moment, so we may discuss the matter?”
Blair grinned, showing all his teeth. “By all means.” He bowed out.
As soon as the door is shut, an astonished Von confirms, “Good heavens! They just want food.”
Vincent snickered, “Do we have enough?”
Still radiating, he answered “Plenty! It goes to waste every year.”
Then the king decrees, “Good! Weight them down with it. Let no Hummy stomach go hungry, but, refuse the payment.”
The two men give each other a long smirk.
• • •
Months later, Von was alone on top a mountainside watching the first snow cover the valley. Wrapped in black and fur from head to toe and mounted tall on his black horse, wearing a stone less hoary crown. He epitomized the picture of royalty. Long faced and sporting a puckered brow, he contemplated his future, Towten’s future, and the future of the valley.
He was brought back to the present by the sound of an unexpected horse approaching. It is the Hummy Blair. He gave Von a moment and was ignored.
Blair climbed a little closer up the hill where Von sat. “Towten prince, the Hummy people would like me to express their deepest gratitude for your gift of food.” Still, he got no response, not even a blink. He cried out again, “Can I take that as a possible step toward peace? We have a common enemy now. Perhaps one day we may need to fight side by side.”
Finally able to get a glimpse of Von’s face, Blair was able to grasp the gravity of the moment and respected his space with silence. A half an hour must have passed, and Blair sat quietly in his Hummy green and red fox fur.
A bird lands on a nearby tree and sang. The snow started to fall again, and Von’s horse got restless. Blair took the liberty of moving close enough, to where he didn’t have to yell. “The winter should keep the devils away. I for one am glad to see it.” Still, he gets no response.
Then Von turned his head, ever so slightly in Blair’s direction, nevertheless he gave no smile. His voice deep and dry, he asks, “What did you say your name was?”
Blair smiled and eagerly responds, “Blair sir, I’m the Hummy Lord Blair.”

13.
AVERY’S PEACE TREATY
After three years, Hummy was basking in the rewards of peace with the Towten. The fields were full, tables were covered, and families prospered, especially the royal one. The palace has changed from drab, dark and dirty to bright and clean and rebuilt with frills.
It was the first full spring looking and feeling day. The king was in his center room writing on a very decorative scroll. He took his time stopping to think as he went along. His stream of thought was occasionally broken by the laughter of his two daughters on the patio below. The laughter like music, would float up and through the windows and kept a soft smile on King Avery’s face.
The giggling stops and moments later Nina, Avery’s youngest daughter dances through the open doors. Nina, a beautiful flower who had just turned 17, exemplified the typical Hummy female. Dressed in florals, wrapped in bright colors. Her thin body made her look younger than her age, and she took full advantage of it. Her hair, this day was a mess, full of flowers and leaves of all kinds, stuck in any manner of old way. Double braided, it now looked unbrushed and curly around her childlike looking face.
She flopped down in a chair near her father. He didn’t look up. She pulled her thick braids out of the way, laid her head back and closed her eyes. “Father, you should come out and sit in the sun with us. It’s so nice and warm, it’s beautiful.”
Avery had no response, but Nina continued to ramble. “Early this morning I visited Cal and Gail. They have 6 new baby piglets. They were so adorable.”
Avery lifted his head just slightly as if ready to say something, but Nina caught him and answered before he could ask. “And no! I am not hiding one in my room. I know the rule about animals in the palace.”
She pulled a flower from one of her braids and began to pick it apart. “Hum father, I think I would like to learn something new. Like when I learned to plant and care for mother’s roses. Maybe I could learn to bake cakes, like Palme.”
• • •
The King rolled up his scroll, stretched, leaned back in his chair and folded his arms. He tilted his head, and with a smirk, he finally responds. “Yes, I was thinking the same thing. Nina, are you happy?”
Nina sat up puzzled, “Am I happy? Why yes, why wouldn’t I be? I have everything I’ve ever asked for, and my father is the king.”
Avery glanced down at the scroll he had just finished writing. “Life changes my sweet one. But I promise I will do everything in my power to keep it this way.”
She leaned back and threw a flower from her hair into the air and gave a sigh of utter bliss. But the smirk on her father’s face told her he was up to something. She slowly turned and gave him the eye, “What?”
He smiled, “Nina you know that you and your sister are the stars in my eyes and the sun in my heart. How nothing my life would be without the two of you.”
Nina’s eyes widen as her father continued, “Nina, I want you to marry.”
Nina jumped up, loose flowers and leaves flew as she dashed to her father’s side almost hysterical. “What! What! Father!”
Before she could protest another word, he added boldly, “I have chosen the Bald Towten.” The king had a full smile while Nina burst out laughing.
She started running around him waving her hands trying to plead her case. “No! No! No! Father, not me, get Carla, she’s the oldest. I know we talked about this, but I thought you were just teasing. The Bald One! No, I can’t do it.” Laughing and shaking her head, she leaned over the table right in the face. “Father you’re going to have to get Carla. I love my life too much, just the way it is.”
Avery clasps his hands together. “Your dear sister, I wish I could, but I have my reasons, and it has to be you my sweetest. You can’t stay my little girl forever.”
Nina frowned at the Kings thinking, he can’t be serious; there must be a way out of this. She wandered around for a moment then bounced back to his side. “Father, I have a wonderful idea. Invite the Bald One here. That way Carla and I can examine him close up.”
The king interlocks his fingers in thought and nods in agreement. “Now that’s a bright idea. I need to get a good look at my new son-in-law to be. I have a lot of respect for him.”
“I know you do.” She patted him on the shoulder. Her smile faded with a sigh as she wandered off to a nearby open window, knowing that her life as it was, is destined to change. “It’s so strange how much our lives have been enriched. There’s so much beauty and abundance. I just feel my life refreshed every day.” Slightly fearful she looked back at her father who had reopened the scroll, looking it over. “I never want it to change.”
The king raised his eyebrows, “As it stands, your cousin will be king when I’m gone. Now, if you will marry the bald one, that should keep the peace. It’s my understanding the Towten seem to be reaping the benefits of peace as well. So their intentions should be the same as ours. I took the liberty of writing up a peace agreement. I’m sending it by Blair.”
Suddenly panic set in as the thought took her breath away. She rushed him, “Father? I won’t have to live there, will I? I don’t think I would survive it.” She leaned on his shoulder, and with a pouting face, added drama, “Living in a cold, drab colorless place like Towten. Do they ever smile or laugh? I heard not even a snapdragon pops in a place like that.”
The king looked in her sulking face and snickered. “No! No! I plan on keeping the Bald One here, to whip him into a long haired Hummy.” Just the thought of it made the two double up with laughter.
He looked back at the scroll and patted her on the hand. “Don’t worry Sweet one, that’s a long time from now.”

14.
A LOYAL LOSS
The Towten and the Hummy had joined forces to vigilantly patrol TowHummy. Together they were able to hold back the small bands of marauders. The benefits from this union were everywhere, profound valley wide.
Though there was little fraternizing between the two peoples, life on the home front flourished. Now the warm summer months were spent rebuilding farms, fields, and relationships. With tables covered with food and restful nights, the families started to thrive, and maybe just a little consorting was going on at the Tow Hum borders.
The drafty old palaces were repaired, and rubble was removed. The Towten king’s men spent more time mining gold to build the kingdom’s fortune; and likewise, the Hummy pulled more precious gems from the nearby caves. At the same time, with outlanders at the gates, this was no time to let down one’s guard. Peace was a huge lifestyle change and didn’t sit easily with most fighting men. They enjoyed spending any spare time vigorously training and implementing new fighting tactics on both sides. You just never know what way the wind could shift and one would like to be prepared.
As for the Kings, there was little or no personal interaction, other than with the use of one ambassador, Lord Blair, who delivered words back and forth very cautiously, never wanting to upset the fair winds blowing between the two kingdoms.
Once arch enemies, Von and Blair discovered how little they knew about each other’s culture and found one another fascinating. A great trust grew between the two as well as true friendship. This time of peace had a warm healing effect, and although there was always a small voice in the back of their minds reminding them of who they once were, their hearts ignored it, rejoicing in the full bounty of the life that was unfolding before them.
The Sawtee outlanders had no idea that the TowHummy had found these new priceless treasures, and that they were willing to put up a ferocious fight to protect them.
With the Tow and Hum united, the Sawtee made little impact on the valley. But rumors of a huge invasion ran rampant, warnings spurred by merchants who have the privilege of freedom on both sides of the Lossmen Forest.
Merchants had proven themselves to be trustworthy over the generations. Only twenty-five make their way, led by a navigator, and they all belong to only five Misch families. One by one, twice a year, they arrive to sell their goods. Having no real obligation to anyone except money, they are sworn to never betray the trust of the valley. The penalty is the loss of sales rights to their entire family, and nobody buys and pays like the rich TowHummy.
Somewhat convinced that the mighty power of greed would prevent the merchants from betraying them, the valley Kings desperately wanted to find out who would turn on his own people and navigate the Sawtee through the Lossmen, a talent few had.
The Towten King, Vincent, sent Lord Otmen, Lex, to do a little snooping to see if there was any truth to the rumors. Lex, having some experience traveling in the outland in the old days, was an excellent choice. He was familiar with the Sawtee territory and its customs and was clever when it came to avoiding suspicion. However, he was late returning and fear had pinched the hearts of Von and the king. Von anxiously watched, waited and camped out near the Lossmen ever so impatiently.
• • •
Early one morning a lookout came running back to camp claiming he had seen what looked like a large band of men chasing a lone rider. As if there wasn’t a second to waste, Von, Blair and a group of soldiers raced to rescue the pursued.
On top of a high ridge, Von spotted Lex and a group of outlanders, trying to run him down. Out into the open green grass and huge bolder, it was easy to see the riders were badly outnumbered.
Lex rode past the TowHummy as the two enemies clash. Von’s formidable troops engage the enemy with a brutal fervor, he swung his ax with a passionate zeal to kill. The battle starts to wind down quickly, and Von pulls off his helmet and dashes off to catch Lex.
He finds Lex’s horse abandoned with him nowhere in sight. Frantically, Von searches the tall grasses looking for a broken spot in the lush carpet.
Lex laid staring at the blue sky when it started to spin. Thoughts of his wife, Panna, and his two young sons crossed his mind. Like Von, Lex was somewhat astonished to find themselves still alive at their age, given the lifestyle they had led. Hints, Lex married late in life, and having two sons to raise, it looked more likely than ever that a moment such as this one could happen.
As he felt his life slowly dissipate in swirls of heat leaving his body, the trace aroma of his dear Panna filled his mind and heart. His eyes watered to think of the love that this young maiden held in her heart growing up watching him. The proud Lord Otmen she wanted so badly, he so willingly, at twice her age, gave himself.
He struggled for a deep breath as a few thin white clouds entered his blue sky picture. Then fateful as ever, there he was, Lex’s thoughts shifted to the imperative matter at hand when his view of the blue sky gave way to the compassionate face of Von.
Lex could feel Von’s eyes pierce deep into his soul and hold him tight, giving him just enough strength to deliver his message, the message that would make losing his life worthwhile. He felt blessed for the chance.
Von staggered with shock at the dreadful condition of Lex, who was observably badly busted up. Lex reached out a bloody hand smearing his breastplate. “Thank heavens, you found me before I die.”
Von fumbles opening his bag of black water and Blair arrives rolling up his cloak to support Lex’s head. Lex whispered, “You must know, they are burning the Lossmen to get here. Von, they are evil. Not like us. You must stop them, at all costs.”
Von took a shallow breath. “My old friend, you must drink.” He poured the water over Lex’s mouth, and he took a swallow and another. His teeth bloody, he spewed and leaked. Von grabbed hold of his friend’s hand, holding on tightly as if that could keep Lex’s life from slipping away.
Von poured the water across Lex’s lips and demands, “Drink Lex, drink!!” But Lex starts to fade. He clinched Von’s hand and looking back into the beautiful sky, he whispers, “Von, my family, Please, send Panna and my sons to Exile, Please.”
Von’s eyes widen with the fear of losing him, he answered softly, “Of course, my friend, whatever you want.” Lex fell limp and released his hand. Von caught his breath, and his mouth fell open, he blinked, his eyes dart, his brow puckered with a mean scowl. All emotions cross his face in a split second. Then there is nothing. With no expression at all, Von pulled Lex’s hand from his and stood silently for some time.
All but Von had their heads bowed, and only the sound of grass blowing in the wind could be heard until Von gave orders. “Prepare him and see to it his widow doesn’t try to run.” He mounted his horse and rode off alone.
Lex was the first man to die in battle since the TowHummy alliance. Well loved, Von knew to fulfill his friend’s request for fire rites and sending his widow and sons into what they understood to be an exile, was going to distress the people across the kingdom. He also knew, if indeed, the Sawtee were burning their way in, that exile was the best place for anyone to be.
Von took this occasion to wear his finest full armor. Almost black gray, it was bedecked with hammered out swirls and the Towten crests. The helmet had its own bejeweled crown.
Two guards stood outside Lex’s cottage. Panna’s children stand sadly staring at their weeping mother leaning over the still body of their father, laid out on a wooden table. All but his face was tightly wrapped with gold burlap that had been soaked in mandolin oil.
Suddenly, as if a frightening thought had come to mind, she pulled away and started to panic. She closed her eyes and in her mind heard horses pounding her way. She started pulling her hair and zipping around madly, in circles with no place to hide.
She knew Von and his men were galloping their way to her village. She grabbed her children and sat on the floor in a far corner of the cottage.
The villagers paused their activities and started to gather as Von and all his men passed by in full dress with banners flying high. They stopped at a lavishly built neatly kept cottage. Von pulled off his helmet and looked straight ahead with no expression and stayed mounted on his horse.
One of the men dismounts and began to read a decree.
“By order of the King, Vincent of Towten. The name of Lex Otmen and his wife and heirs shall be exiled. And in accordance with his wishes, the most loved and loyal Otmen, he and his home will be burned to the ground. May his soul be greatly received and…”
While he is reading, two men proceed to enter and evict Lex’s widow. They drag her out screaming. Von still showed no emotion. She broke away and beat on him. “How can you do this to us? He loved you. He would have done anything for you. I hate you, I hate you!!”
Von ignored her as if she were no more than a common criminal. Soldiers pulled her away, with her children crying and screaming at her skirt. They threw Panna and her children along with some household belongings onto a narrow three wheeled cart and drive away.
The other soldiers dismount and place the banners against the house along with gifts made of gold painted wood and straw.
The house is doused heavily with scented mandolen oil as the men stand and salute. A torch was handed to Von. He waited a moment then threw it. The place went up with a roar and fell quickly.
Some villagers were upset and started calling names and throwing rocks. The soldiers put a stop to it.
When there was clearly nothing left but smoldering ashes, Von, Blair and the rest of the men calmly exit the village. Panna and her children were promptly escorted to Exile.

15.
DARK PLANS
The last three years of harmony with the Towten gave Prince Marcus of Hummy, great opportunities to be even more elusive. He claimed that being abroad helps with his horrid headaches and ailing bones. He was known to disappear for months at a time without notice and leaving no mention of his whereabouts.
This activity had always kept him high on the suspicion list of some, Lord Blair for one. But the King would never sit still for a word of it. Avery’s advisers had their hands tied, and Marcus knew it. By the time his uncle finally let them speak, it would be too late.
In the meantime, Marcus’s plans with the Sawtee move along undiscovered, and on his covert excursions to outland, Harmon saw to it that he was bombarded with every imaginable pleasure. Eventually, Marcus found visits home agonizingly boring. He and his associates would disappear in the dead of winter without a word. More disturbing to some was no one knew where he had gone.
As Marcus came closer to seeing his dream come true, he had to tie up some loose ends on his side. He promised the Sawtee that Hummy would be prepped, ready for the invasion and by the time the Towten found out the Sawtee army was at the gates, there would be nothing to do but run.
With Sawtee gold, some Hummy soldiers had been bought off. Unsuspected of being traitors, they could easily kill their comrades when their backs were turned or as they slept.
With all things in place, Marcus set down to put the last steps into action. His desk was covered with books and scrolls. He rolled out a map and weighted it down on the corners. Pulling on his whiskers, he looked it over and made a few circles here and there.
Then Deven, Ruskin, and Ward walked in closing the door behind them. Ward set a piece of fruit in front of Marcus, “This is the supposed bewitched fruit the bald one eats.”
Marcus picked it up and inspects it, “How did you get it?”
“Stolen by our friend in the Towten Palace,” He explained, “She claims, she still has no idea where it comes from. Or why the bald one is still alive.”
Marcus pulled out his dagger and cut it into quarters. Hum, smells good and looks good. Have you tasted it?”
Ward was surprised at Markus miss trust, “No, this is the first I’ve seen of it.”
Marcus cut just a sliver and handed it to Ward and watched him suspiciously. “Here, you taste it first.”
Ward took the sliver and eagerly ate it. The aroma and situation grasp the attention of the other men in the room, and they move in closer to see his reaction and maybe get a taste of this special healing fruit for themselves.
Ward blinked his eyes a few times and announced, “Well, it’s a little powerful. Certainly different from any other fruit I’ve ever eaten. But not bad, not bad at all, in fact, I would say it was quite good.”
While Marcus eyed Ward, the other two move in on the fruit slices but Marcus caught on and gave them a dirty look, and they backed off. He took a piece, inspects it again and takes a bite. He squints and blinks his eyes then takes another bite. “You’re right, this is good!” He looked down at the seed. “I wonder if this seed will grow.”
“We can try.” Ward put his hand out.
Marcus narrowed his eyes, “That’s okay; I’ll take care of it. He finished the piece in his hand and changed the subject. “So, did you men get my message to Casper?”
Deven stepped up, “Yes, He expects you soon, and three hundred barrels of oil were delivered, and two ships are in port with more. By the way, we caught a snooping spy. I kicked his guts in, but he didn’t say much.”
Having another piece of fruit, Marcus asks, “Where is he now?”
Deven pulled on his beard, “Dead I believe, he escaped, he tried to hide in the Lossmen. He wasn’t good enough. We had our fun with him.” The others nod as Marcus gave him a skeptical stare.
He leaned back in his chair, “He’s dead, and he wasn’t able to tell anyone… anything. Right!?” He tilted his head, “I noticed you were short a few men coming back.”
Deven cleared his throat and explained, “We had a scuffle with a few Towten. But as far as they know, we just tortured the poor soul for information as to where the Towten keep their gold.”
Marcus ogled the three for a moment, exhaled, sat down and turned his attention to the map covering his desk. “Come; gather around, this is the plan. I have a deadline to meet Casper about here.” He pointed on the map as his men gather closer. “I want to see for myself how we’re progressing. Deven, you and Ward, will travel with me, and the last of our soldiers.”
He looked up at Rusken. “Rusken I’m sending you to pay a visit to the old caves for more cryistlime dust. Give it to that witch at Towten Palace, so she can kill her own king and when she’s done, rescue her, then kill her. I don’t want a mad cunning shrew like that left around, spilling her story that I’m her true brother.” He waved his hand and snickered. “Poison cakes, her evil will have served us well.”
Marcus ate the last piece of fruit and continued, “By the time you return we should be gone and my uncle long dead. I want you to get rid of my two silly, spoiled, worthless cousins. I don’t want them getting in the way of our plans.”
Deven crossed his arms and tilted his head, “You know Marcus, those virgin princesses may not be so worthless, they could come in handy, say as a show of good faith to Harmon, after all, they are of royal blood. Killing or selling them would just be a beautiful waist.”
Ruskin abruptly blurts out to the astonishment of the others, “Well, Carla’s not a virgin!”
Marcus slowly stood up, Deven and Ward stepped away from Ruskin. Marcus glowered and put his hand on his dagger, “How the hell do you know who’s a virgin and who isn’t?” Ruskin raised his hands and backed up. “If I find out you laid a finger on either one of my cousins, I will personally torch your privates and have a hot iron shoved up your ass!!”
Rusken was terrified, his mouth fell open, and a broken sentence came out. “I don’t, I don’t know, it was just talk, she’s always with that Blair, that’s all.”
Marcus stared him down then roared, “Have, the virgins ready when I send for them, and they better both be virgins when they get there. Now, get the hell out of my sight.”
Rusken quickly left the room. Marcus took a moment to simmer down before getting back to business. “Deven, leave a small group of men behind to comb the forest and surrounding areas. I want no one coming or going. I don’t want the Towten to know what’s happening until the Sawtee have cleared the Lossmen.” He leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms. “It seems these kings have become quite fond of one another. I don’t want them putting their measly minds together, coming up with some bright ideas.” He snickered, “The only thing sneakier than a Hummy is a Towten.”
Marcus stood putting his fist to his hip he looked out the window at the sun starting to set. Deven and Ward were shocked to see large red spots had poke-a-dotted Marcus’s face. They glanced down to see only the seed left from the fruit and assumed it must have been a reaction to it. Ward ran his hand over his face wondering if he had spots, but Deven shook his head no, assuring him he did not.
With Marcus still turned toward the window, the two men try to control their laughter.
Marcus lowers his eyes in deep thought then smirked, “Prepare things, we leave soon, but first I have unfinished business with my uncle. I have a few things to get off my chest before saying goodbye. It wasn’t his fault that all he had to give just wasn’t enough.”
Marcus laughed, giving the other two the opportunity to burst.
Marcus adds, thinking he’s really funny, “I’d better hurry; I don’t want him to die before I have my say.” He laughed, and they doubled over just catching their breath.
Still wearing a smile, Marcus gave Deven and Word his last orders. “Well, give the word. Any soldier not with us should be struck down. No doubt the king will try to get help, even from Towten. See to it no one leaves this place.”
Even when Marcus slammed his fist on the desk shouting, “And if they see anyone in the valley, including that stinking, spying, swine Blair, kill them!” Deven and Ward could hardly take him seriously.
Finally, Deven mustered up all his control, and with a blank face he announced, “My prince, I will prepare for our journey.” Marcus nodded, and the men quickly excused themselves, still snickering.
As Marcus turned back to the window, he saw his reflection. He looked closer, sat back at his desk, pulled out a small round mirror, and thundered, “What the hell!” so loud it stunned people in the hall with curiosity and sent Deven and Ward into hysterics.

16.
OLD LOVE AND LIES
King Avery entered his center room in high spirits. With a huge smile, he was surprised to find Marcus lounging relaxed waiting for him.
“Marcus!” He cried, “Where the hell have you been? I hardly ever catch sight of you anymore.”
Before Marcus could answer, Avery continued in an elevated tone. He dropped his hat and cloak in a chair. “You should have been with me, I had supper with Chin, you know our cooks just can’t get it right.” He narrowed his eyes and held up his hand showing a little space between his index finger and thumb. “There’s just a little something missing.”
He poured himself a goblet of wine and gulped it down, poured another and had a seat. “So, what brings you?” But before Marcus could answer, Avery continued. “You know your sudden excursions have caused my advisors to become a little suspicious. For your own safety, you really should let them know when and where you are going. I have to make excuses for you constantly.”
Finally, Marcus got a few words in, “Well, they are very good at what they do. I will see to it they never bother you with this complaint again.” He smiled.
Avery took another gulp of wine and proudly announced. “Well, I’ve got good news, I sent the olive branch of peace to the Towten, and I have named you as my sole heir to the throne. I plan to marry your cousin Nina to the bald one, and that should keep the peace. Pleased?”
Marcus gave Avery an expressionless stare, then tilted his head unnaturally. “Not quite uncle, or can I call you that since we are of no real blood relationship.”
Avery was puzzled and wasn’t sure what he had just heard. “What the hell are you talking about?”
Marcus’s eyes were fixed on Avery as if to catch him in a lie. “I’ve been in contact with my real family. My brother came to rescue me. I know who I am.”
Avery frowned and became deeply disturbed. “What kind of nonsense are you rambling, have you gone mad?”
Marcus smiled, “I’m not mad, I’m Sawtee, and soon this entire valley will be ours.” He shook his head and boasts, “You can’t stop me. You have no men, and the Towten have nothing! This place is like a ripe berry, one more day, and it would rot on the bush.”
The king became angry, leaned forward in his seat and dipped his brow low. His voice dropped an octave or two, and he spoke slowly, looking Marcus in the eyes. “You’ve been deceived! You fool! What have you done?”
Slightly intimidated Marcus stood to reply, “I’m no fool, I waited for this moment all my life. I always knew I was different.” He turned away, not wanting to face Avery. “I… we, waited for the moment you weakened one another to the point we could just walk in and take this valley.”
Avery demanded, “Who told you these lies?”
Marcus replied sharply, “My true father’s armies are coming! I’ve taking siege of the palace as we speak.”
Avery lashed back, “You’ve lost your mind. No army can make it through that hellish forest. If they could, they would have been here years ago.”
Marcus had no response; the King leaned into his face trying to reason with him. “Amid all you were given, how did I miss common sense and wisdom? You’ve been deceived. You think they’ll let you rule here, there or anywhere? I’ve seen what you’ve been deluded into believing is your real family. You don’t stand a chance.”
Avery dampened his voice a little, “Marcus, it’s not too late, listen to reason. You’re not Sawtee, and they know it. Once they have the valley, you’re as good as dead. They murder each other all the time.”
Marcus turned away, not wanting to listen. He glanced at the pitcher that held the wine the king had drank. His reply was dry and cynical, “No Avery, it is too late. You call them murderers, you just convinced me more than ever.” Avery didn’t catch on.
The room seemed dimmer as the sun started to drop. Marcus’s anger rose at the thought of being wrong. From the opposite side of the table he slammed his fist down and cried out at the king, “Merles told me everything, she was more of a mother to me than anyone.”
Avery fell back into the chair behind him. His voice was sobering. He shook his head no, “She couldn’t have told you the truth, or you could never think of doing what you’ve done.”
Marcus watched his every move. There was a slight pause then the King explained, his voice sounded tired. “The story of your mother being sent as a gift to the Sawtee king is true. However, she never made it there. She ran off into the night and was lost.”
Marcus watched Avery intensely as he went on. “Your mother and I loved one another even as children, but I was betrothed to another. I agreed to marry, but I refused to sever my relations with Falinda.”
“The queen’s youngest sister had run off with a merchant and was captured in outland and held for a ransom of precious stones, which the king sent and without my knowing it, the queen sent your mother to sweeten the pot and halt my relations with her.”
Marcus listened, frozen like a block of Ice he couldn’t move a finger as Avery told his story with glazed eyes. “I went after her, and the trail didn’t lead me to outland but to a large cottage hidden deep in the forest. She was well cared for by a house full of women, Towten women, and she was with child, my child.” Avery looked up at Marcus, but Marcus couldn’t look him in the face.
The king went on with the story. “My mother sent my brother, the man you knew as your father, to find me. I never wanted to go back, but your uncle convinced me. He loved your mother also and married her. That way we could keep you here where I could protect you. Here where I could love you and raise you as my son.”
Marcus turned his back in pain, then with his face red with anger, he rushed the king, “My mother must have lied to you. You can’t be my father! You called them murderers?” He looked up into the air, his mind desperately seeking to block out the truth he had just heard.
He glanced at the wine pitcher again and then the goblet the king had drank from. “I’m more certain than ever. Let me tell you how I know I am not your son.” Marcus lost his expression and leaned over the King’s chair so he could look him square in the eyes. “Dane!” He stepped back in anticipation.
In a flash, Avery went from confusion to revulsion, the breath was knocked out of him. His eyes widen then narrowed as he slowly rose from his seat. His body quaked as words spewed through his clenched teeth, “NO! No! You! You could not, your own brother? He was just an infant!” He slowly moved around the table toward Marcus.
Marcus was terrified, as he had never, even in the days of war, seen Avery so ferocious. A darkness came over him, and his voice dropped to depths that made it sound like it came from hell. But Marcus, quivering inside, had to ask the question that in his mind would justify what he had done. “And you weren’t planning on making him king?”
Avery, ever so close now, slammed, “Monster! Your own brother! You fool; he could neither hear nor speak. He was never in your way.”
Marcus’s face flushed, his chest sank, he quaked unable to breathe when he discovered Avery had him backed into a corner.
Kayla knew you. She said it was you. But I couldn’t believe anyone would do such a horrible thing, especially you!” Seething, Avery asked. “And what about Kayla? Was it the failing or was it the devil himself?”
In a crazed rage, Avery went for Marcus neck strangling him. But Marcus pulled his dagger and held it firm enough for Avery to feel its sharp point barely pierce his side, and he backed off. As the two men separate Marcus is gutted by the last look Avery gave him, and he slipped out the door.
Avery was spent; the ordeal had drained him mentally, physically and spiritually. He poured himself another glass of wine, made his way to his favorite chair and had a gulp. He ran the back of his hand over his lips to catch a dribble and saw it was slightly green. Fear filled his heart as he raced to his desk and pulled a mirror.
As the last of the sun set below the mountains, Avery got just enough sunlight to see that his tongue was green. He wilt, feeling defeated he sat in the dark assessing his options until a servant came in to light the fireplace and candles. He called out in a low dry voice. “Servant, send for Chin immediately.”

17.
AT LAST MY LOVE
In the meantime; early one morning, before the sun peeped over the mountains, Von came out of his tent with one hand curled close to his side, almost useless. Blair followed close behind to lend his support. A foot soldier held his horse as he made an extra effort to mount it.
Blair asked honestly, “Are you sure you can make this journey alone?”
Von nodded with a smirk, “I’ll be okay.”
Blair handed him a water bag, “Here, take this.”
Von looked surprised then grabbed it, leaned back on his horse and gave Blair a ragged smile. “Is this plain water or is this black?”
Blair beamed, “It’s the black, but there’s only a gulp.”
Von leaned forward and patted Blair on the shoulder with the free moving hand. “Are you sure you don’t need me around when you tell Avery you spotted Marcus’s men in an Outlander ambush?”
Blair snickered and shook his head no, “Are you sure you don’t need me around when you tell your father the rumors were true. You are a cryistlum, and all his hopes and dreams for you should go up in smoke.”
Von’s grin tightened his lips, and he rode off into the morning darkness.
By the time Von arrived in Exile, his problem had progressed. He rode past the cottage straight to the black rock gravel pits. He slid off his horse, with his arm still curled at his side, he was dragging his foot.
Conner saw him from the cottage window and came to his aid. “My prince, you’re still with us. This is good indeed.”
Von said nothing. He was weak and flushed, stumbling to the edge of the black landscape. Conner helped him remove his clothing and lie down on a huge flat black rock, shaded by the mountainside.
Then Conner left, and Von closed his eyes and started to shiver. Suddenly, Conner returned with two huge buckets of smoking shiny black gravel. He touched Von on the shoulder, “Are you ready my prince?” Von nodded yes, and Conner dumped a bucket of steaming black shiny gravel over his upper body. Von cried out, then passed out. Conner piled it on until he covered all but his face.
Conner made himself comfortable relaxing on a large rock in the nearby shade. Periodically, he would check on Von’s progress and keep the hot rock smoldering by adding more.
Conner dozed off but was abruptly awakened by the sound of Von’s loud gasps for air. The rock had stopped steaming and had turned a gray color. Von opened his eyes and tried to move. Conner dug some of the gravel away from Von’s face and chest. He was still a little shaky, and Conner gave him a drink of water.
A few hours later, Von was at the cottage, sitting at the table, pulling on his boots. Chipper and the picture of health, he chuckled as Conner laid food on the table, “Conner! A swim in that warm lake and I’m a new man.” He held out both hands and looked at both sides. “What’s in that hot rock? It’s a life giving elixir. How many times have I been almost dead, dead! And every time I recover over and again.”
He calmed down just a bit and shook his head. “I guess I can never truly leave this place. I would surely die. And the water! We need to give it a new name. Something with the word healing!”
Conner joined Von at the table. I’m always pleased to see the prince recover so fully, he gave an approving nod. “Agreed, I’m pleased to see you look so good, Von.”
Then Conner dropped his smile and inquired, “What news from Towten did you bring?”
Von now somber, “Not good, you know Lex was murdered.”
“Yes,” and with a slight grin, Conner explained, “His wife and children arrived. Oh, the cottage we gave her was a gem, rest assured. Lex had a hand in it himself. She cried in plain sight when she saw it.” Von’s eyes lit up for just a flash.
Von leaned over the table and dipped a brow for a more serious look, “Before he died, he told us the Sawtee wouldn’t let the Lossmen hold them back any longer. They’re burning their way here. I figure we have about a month before they are glaring us in the face.”
Conner shook his head in disbelief. “That forest won’t burn, that’s not possible, the wood is too soggy, not fit for burning.”
Von ran his hand over his face. “I’m not sure. That’s why I plan to go see for myself.”
Conner leaned back in his seat and gave Von a hard eye. “That’s a long ride, are you sure you can make it in your condition?”
Von having given it lots of thought on his way there, responded firmly, “Of course, I’ll take lots of black water. Aha, a long peaceful journey. I could use it.” He tried to diffuse Conner’s concerns. “It’s the stress of anger that seems to shorten my time between visits.”
Von took a piece of fruit from the bowl on the table. A native of Exile; it was so sweet it made him wince with the first bite. Conner said nothing but locked his fingers worried.
Von stood over the table and patted Conner on the shoulder, and in a softer voice, tried to console him, “Come on Conner, don’t look so anxious, I have some ideas.” He picked up his hat and shoved fruit into his jacket. “I’ve been trying to think of ways to stop them for days. And yes, I have an idea that just might save us all!” This got Conner’s attention.
As Von went toward the door, he explained and gave Conner a warning. “I’m not so sure you’re going to like it. It’s drastic, but it has to be. Don’t worry, I’m headed home. I won’t do anything without talking to the old man first. In the meantime, keep everyone out of the forest. We are still finding bodies, even women. Many are still missing, and the Hummy are still putting out fires.”
Conner squared eyes with Von. “Some missing Hummy are here. Some young women were assaulted and are with child, Sawtee. They can’t go home, but they are welcome here.” Von had a straight face. Conner’s was full of compassion. “The children are innocent. They don’t know they’re Sawtee, and we swear to forget.” Von said nothing and stepped outside tossing what’s left of the half-eaten fruit. At his horse, he threw a couple of water bags across its back.
Conner stood in the doorway watching, a bit confused by Von’s reaction. “I wish you would let me show you this place. You’re right, we should change its name.”
Von mounted his horse, looked Conner up and down and delivered a dry, “One day.” and left.
As he traveled down the road, he was vexed by his negative response to the news that Hummy were living in Exile and some were bearing Sawtee children. True, they were allies now, but Exile had always been a gem in the bottom of the Towten pocket and now with the discovery of the healing water, could it be he felt threatened; that he didn’t want to share it with anyone else?
Before he could sort it all out in his mind, he was distracted by the unusual appearance of a lady on horseback, coming his way. Von had never once confronted anyone other than Conner on this road, let alone someone he had exiled and wasn’t sure what to expect.
He decided to take a quick glance just as she passed. The woman was well dressed and groomed and just simply beautiful, but he said nothing.
She, on the other hand, recognized the crest on his cheek and called out, “How splendid my prince, that you’re still alive.” Von said nothing and ignored her. She stopped, “My father said he hadn’t seen you in a while and feared you were probably dead.”
Von was puzzled, her father said, who’s her father? He wondered. Then the penny dropped, Conner and Conner’s daughter — Was Donna, the crybaby, the lost Lam?
He turned to see her face, one he recalled from so many years ago, “Lam, is that you?”
“Yes, my prince, it is I.” she blushed.
Straight and tall in the saddle, he put his fist to his hip, and with a smirk, he looked her over. “Indeed, the last time I saw you, you were just a little girl. We were both just children.” They studied one another, and in an instant old bonds were refreshed. He narrowed his eyes in earnest, “You look wonderful all grown up.”
Unable to keep eye contact and with the blush still on her face, she replied, “Thank you, you look, well you certainly don’t look like a dead man.”
Not taking his eyes off her for a moment, he mumbled, “I certainly don’t feel like one right now.” Not wanting to end such a marvelous moment, he decided to get a closer look.
“I’m sorry you are leaving, perhaps next time.” She dropped her gaze.
“Nonsense,” he flirted. “May I accompany the lady back to the cottage?” Her eyes widen, and her mouth fell open just a little in surprise as she was not expecting this much attention from Towten’s handsome hero prince. His perfect smile and the sparkle in his eyes made her heart bounce.
In awe, she shyly replied, “Why, yes you may.”
Growing up in Exiland left its inhabitants limited. There was very little news; and other than a select few, there was absolutely no contact with the outside world and with Exiland being so close to perfect, no one really cared. now and then new arrivals brought stories of pain and dread making Exilanders more committed than ever to stay tucked away, hidden behind the mountain range. But no mountains were high enough to keep stories of the handsome warrior prince Von from finding their way into Donna’s dreams.
Often the queen sent carrier pigeons, even to an outland monastery and an orphanage in Sawtee. Now and then a message came for Conner from the king, on the state of affairs.
Exiland was for obvious reasons overpopulated with women, a few old men, and everyone else was younger than Donna. At this point in her life, she had conceded to the fact that she would never marry, not even one of the young men who constantly begged for her attention.
At first, there was nothing to say, though their heads were filled with questions. Then Donna smiled and broke the ice. “So, did you ever ask my father about me?”
Von found a sweet voice he hadn’t used for some time and answered, “Yes, but, well your father doesn’t really like me asking questions about you.” She looked puzzled, and they snicker.
In what seemed like a wink of an eye, they arrived back at the cottage. He dismounts and gives her a hand. At that moment, Conner stepped out looking displeased.
Grinning, Donna cried out, “Father, look who I found wandering around outside, my long lost Prince Von.”
Conner was not so excited to see his Donna with Von, mumbled, “Lost? Yes, well I thought he was on his way elsewhere.”
Quite bewildered at her father’s dismay, she reacted. “Father! He’s my special guest, my only ever guest.”
Conner’s negative response didn’t faze Von in the slightest. “I was well on my way when the thought crossed my mind, maybe I could use another bag of that wonderful water. You know Conner this place is just bursting with beauty,” he teased.
As they enter the cottage, Conner announced to Donna, “I’m off for firewood.”
He then eyed Von, “I’ll be back before you can shut the door.” Von made eye contact and chuckled grinning from ear to ear. “Why Conner!”
Von and Donna sat at the table across from one another. He could feel her eyes cover every inch of him. Under such intense scrutiny, most might feel uncomfortable but not Von. Yes, my little Lam, it has been a long time, he thought. I have a little gray and a few lines around my eyes, my hands are not the pale little soft puffs you once knew but cores, scarred and hairy. This is who I am now. Is there still a warm spot in the heart of one who has blossomed in the land of dreams and miracles? Could you be another blessing, another godsend for me?”
It was hard to tell what Donna was thinking. A slight smile covered her face as her eyes examined every inch that was visible from where she sat. Heavens how he has changed, she thought. Look at the size of his hands, how powerful they look; I can just imagine what taking me by the hand would feel like now. Humm, those broad shoulders, I wonder if that’s just padding made into his jacket. His face, so dark, and rugged. In battle, I bet he’s downright frightening. But the eyes, the eyes have it all, a million stories. I can’t even look into them without sinking and falling for his spell. Yet I can’t seem to stop myself, it must be that voice, deep, it lulls me into the trap of his enchantment. Catch myself; catch myself, she turned away.
But it was too late. He saw it, she went too deep. He exhaled, as her eyes quickly cut across the hair on his chest. For just the smallest instant he trapped her in slow motion, and she was embarrassed.
Her eyes wandered around the room before she spoke up, “So what have I missed since I’ve been gone?”
He stretched his hands out on the table, “Where should I start?
Ah, the conversation had set her free. She exhaled ever so eager to hear stories of Towten, “Tell me, tell me about your family. What about all your brothers? I always loved Ethan and what about Dan? He was so scary with that eye patch.” She laughed.
Von’s smile faded along with his voice as he was taken aback by her questions. “Sorry Lam, Only Gabriel and I are left. Your father never told you?”
The news was sobering, her face went blank, and her eyes danced about the table in thought. He took her hand and softened his voice even more, “Lam it’s been a long time. A lot has changed, including you.” He reached over the table and gently lifted her face, narrowed his eyes and examined her like an artist looking for the proper lighting, “You are so beautiful. I just had no idea.” Reminding himself that this was Conner’s daughter, he pulled him out of his daze. “Oh, how my mother would love to see you.”
Bashfully she answered, “You know I can’t.”
He jokingly threw out a solution, “I’ll hide you in my chambers.” To which they laughed loudly. The room was electrified, as their beaming faces, eyes, and hearts reconnected.
With her smile bright, she leaned over the table, “I can remember playing in your room. Tell me, do you still have that huge brass trunk full of games?”
“It’s not such a huge trunk anymore, now it’s…”
Von started to explain but was rudely interrupted by Conner bursting in the door with an armload of wood. “Go ahead, tell her what’s in the trunk now.” He stunned the couple. “Weapons, covered in dead men’s blood?”
Somewhat humiliated himself, Conner quietly set the wood down and started to build a fire. Von smiled and raised his eyebrows to make light of the situation, “Well, as I was about to say, the trunk I still have; but of course, the games are gone.”
There was silence and a long gaze as he tried to capture her picture in his mind for his long journey home. “I have to leave now, I don’t want to spend the night on my horse in the Highgrass.” Conner groaned in agreement.
He nods, “It’s been wonderful seeing you again.” It sounded sincere to her ears as she rose from her seat and walked him out the door.
“Oh, what about your bags of water?” She questioned.
Her concern was quickly rewarded when he turned, took her by the hand and kissed it. “Oh, my lady, my Lam, I’ll be back.” Then he got serious, “In the meantime stay out of the forest. There’s madness out there.”
There was just enough light from the fireplace to glow across her face, and he took it in until it was suddenly blocked by Conner.
Von mounted his horse, shook his head and with a sigh called out, “Lam.”
Conner added, “Yes, I was thinking maybe we should start calling you, wolf.”
Von laughed loudly, and the birds flew out of the trees, and his horse danced a little, “Humm, lamb and wolf, yes, I like the sound of it.” With that, he rode away.
Donna stood awestruck in the middle of the road watching until like a dream he faded away. “Father,” She spoke in almost a whisper, “How magnificent. The way he looks in the saddle and the tone of his voice, those broad shoulders, and most of all the spirit behind those eyes. I saw a million stories, and I wanted to hear them all. He’s back; he’s back deep in my heart again.”
Conner shook his head unimpressed.

18.
LOVE, LIES, and WHYS
Blair and a small troop of soldiers return from camp to find Hummy palace deserted with bodies lying everywhere. Alarmed, he made his way to the king’s chambers. He set his men out to comb the place looking for clues as to what had happened. He took five men with blades drawn to find the king.
As they approached the king’s wing of the palace, they were shocked to find twelve soldiers, mostly wounded, guarding the entrance.
One limped over, “Lord Blair! You made it. We were afraid you wouldn’t get our message.”
Blair lowered into the man’s face. “What message, what’s happened here, where’s the king?”
The soldier widens his eyes, “The king is safe,” He pointed, “Barricaded behind these doors along with others who fled the massacre.”
Blair grabbed the man by the shoulder and tilted his head with a frown, “Who the hell did this?”
He was not surprised when the baffled soldier told him. “It was Prince Marcus, we were caught off guard, his men led a revolt even amongst our own ranks. These brave souls are all that’s left, left here to guard the king.”
The soldier shook his head, “We sent a messenger, you never saw him? He was my son.”
Blair dropped his eyes for a second, “No, I’m sorry.” The man pulled back, and Blair ordered his men to remove the barricade, help the wounded and take control of the palace.
With the doors open, Blair barreled his way through the main hall flooded with praying, crying and questioning people. He entered the king’s chambers unannounced and closed the doors and chaos out.
As the sun dropped low yet again, it cast a golden blanket over everything.
Finding the center room empty, he spotted the king out on the terrace, sitting quietly on his throne, facing the sun watching it slowly dip below the mountain range.
Blair, pumped with adrenaline and wound up for action, found the scene perplexing. He took a seat and waited to be acknowledged. The setting was breathtaking, dreamy, surreal. Some of Nina’s rose vines had made their way up the wall and were in full bloom. A candle barely flickered on a stone table next to the silent king.
Avery was well dressed and wearing his formal crown, the stone embellished one and how the sun danced on it was mesmerizing. Without turning and in a calm voice Avery asked, “How bad is it?”
Blair sat up straight and addressed Avery formally. “My king at this time the palace is again well fortified. But…”
Avery interrupted, “Yes it was Marcus.”
Blair knew it had to have been a painful blow for Avery to finally admit that Marcus was the culprit. He went on to explain. “We had a run in with Outlanders, and I spotted Ward among them. They murdered Vincent’s close council; they tortured the poor soul to death. He told us they are burning their way through the Lossmen.”
The silence was enough to sway and calm the mood again. Blair sat waiting then Avery exhaled loudly and added, “It gets worst, I’m not sure what, it must have been the wine, I knew for certain yesterday, a greenish glow in the whites of my eyes and the back of my tongue.” Avery’s words knock the wind out of Blair as he continued, “Marcus has poisoned me.”
Blair’s face contorted, his eyes dart as he tried to grasp the depths of what had just been said. He gripped his emotion and asked in a compassionate voice. “The water, did you drink the black water?”
Avery nodded, “I did, it may have prolonged my life, but Chin had to admit, I’m dying. And don’t ask me, I will not go!” Blair shuttered with anger, a darkness came over his face. His jaw tightened, and his eyes narrowed, he smoldered unable to speak.
Marcus had always been off the mark when it came to living up to the standards of being the prince heir to the crown. For most close to the king, the thought of Marcus taking Avery’s place was not a favorable one. Blair, on the other hand, had always looked up to Avery like a father after he lost his own in a battle and he and his mother were invited to court when he was a young boy.
Blair knew he would never be king, but he always felt like whatever Marcus did he knew how to override or fix it, but this was catastrophically devastating, and Blair could only see red.
The king threw his head back in thought, well aware of what Blair’s thoughts must have been. “Blair, I have known you all your life. We have always been close, like, as another son to me. All these years I have watched the way you looked at Carla. I know you love her and I am pleased.” There was a pause, Blair dropped his head and softened just a tad. Avery went on, “You should be king.” Blair was stunned. “But not after what Marcus has done. I can only make it right by marrying Nina to the Bald One.”
Blair’s face fell as his anger shifted back to survival recovery strategies. “No, not the Bald One, he is a cryistlum! But he has a younger brother.”
There was a sudden firmness in Avery’s voice. “I know Vincent, with me gone he will try to devour this family. The people of this valley are known as TowHummy, not Towten, see to it that it stays that way. But… he will unite the people as one, and that may be our only chance and the only chance for my daughters. I know Towten, they always think of something.”
There was more silence as the men watched the last of the sun melt like gold on top the mountains. At that, the king picked up the candle, and a scroll and joined a well composed Blair at the table. He placed his hand on Blair’s shoulder and looked him square in the face and handed him the scroll. “Blair I want you to deliver the message personally to Vincent and hurry I’m not sure how long I have.”
Blair nodded and started to move but Avery’s hand still on his shoulder settles him back, “There is one other thing.” The king’s voice dropped to just above a whisper, and the candle flicker in his face was hypnotic. “They are like spoiled children. It doesn’t take much to please them, butterflies, birds, beautiful skies, a few sparkling things.” Avery narrowed his eyes and tilts his head ever so slightly, “Tell him to be kind to her. But ultimately they belong to you. Swear to me you will protect them with your life.”
Blair’s nose flared, he placed his hand over Avery’s, still lying on his shoulder. His heart pounded as he dared to narrow his eyes back at the king. “I swear, I swear on my life.” He stood, taking the scroll he turned to leave but stopped and shared a short moment of respect and admiration, knowing there was a good chance they may never see one another again, then Avery smiled ever so slightly, and Blair left.
• • •
With the arrival of Blair and his soldiers, the palace tried to get back to normal. As he exited the king’s chambers, he is pleasantly surprised to find most of the turmoil had moved on, and a captain waited to deliver a report. “Lord Blair, you should know Tonnis and Clour were found among the dead. Tonnis had the dagger still in his back. There are…”
Blair cut him off with a sharp tongue, piercing eyes and a sweaty brow. “I must leave straight away. Here is what you must do. Guard this place with your lives. Trust no one. No one leaves, no one returns. This is all Marcus’s doing, if you see him or any of his men, kill them on sight.” As he stormed away the guard was left speechless.
With his mission in mind and intense look on his face, a wide path opened before him as he sped down the hall and no one dare stop him, no one but Carla. He caught her attention when a sudden hush came over the crowd, and someone rushed through. She knew who it was and dashed after him crying out, “Blair, Blair, Blair stop, please stop!”
Tunnel minded he didn’t hear her cries. Then, just before he started down the outside palace steps, he stopped, and she ran into his arms. He held her close and inhaled the sweet fragrance of her hair.
Never before had she thrown herself so close or held on so tight. She looked up at him with glossy pleading eyes and her small voice shattered as she attempted to catch her breath, “Blair please don’t leave me, please.” This was socially unacceptable from one of her status, except with a parent or spouse. But this was a time like none other; every heart in Hummy was broken.
He looked into her sincere innocent, plain washed round beautiful face. It calmed him. His eyes were full of heartwarming compassion. Knowing what he knew, anger was replaced with a deep sadness. “I must, our survival depends on it.” He inhaled deeply, glanced away for an instant than with his heart heavy, he took both her hands and kissed them. “I will return as soon as I can. I have left my men here to protect you with their lives, you’ll be safe.”
But Carla protested, “I saw our soldiers killing each other. We locked ourselves in with my father, but he tells me nothing. Marcus left the palace, and we don’t know if he’s dead or alive.” She started to ramble; there was fear and panic in her voice and eyes. “I’m not sure what’s going on. I can’t get a clear answer from anyone. I just know I feel a lot better now that you are here.”
Blair shook his head to stop her as he had no time for it. He shushed her and put a finger to her pouty lips. “Carla, go to your father, you and your sister. Spend as much time as you can with him. I think he would love that!”
He took the moment for himself and kissed her like it was his last. It wasn’t sweet to the taste, rather a mixture of his sweat and her tears but was oh so blissful to the mind and tender to the heart. One last look into yearning eyes, a quick cheek to cheek and he was off without her saying another word.

19.
VON’S BACK
The halls of Towten Palace were filled with noise. The word spreads that Prince Von has returned. That means there will be a feast tonight and rumors will run rampant, good and bad. But it’s a time to get dressed up and have dinner in the main hall. Von’s first day back, from where ever he had been, was not a feast to be missed.
Prince Gabe peeked his head out the door of his room to see servants dashing here there and in and out with armloads of this and that. He ducked back in slamming the door and cried with sarcasm. “Every time he comes home they celebrate, why, what’s so great about him.”
Del, Gabe’s best friend, leaned out the window watching similar activity down below. He turned, beaming, then he controlled his smile, but his eyes were still lit up. “Yes, it seems your brother is back.”
A spindly Gabe looked at himself in the mirror. Having always demanded the right to dress himself, he lacked in his appearance. Colors weren’t quite right, and the measurements were off a little. His hair was parted down the center and too thin to be worn so long. His face was pale with patchy stringy whiskers he tended to twist when he was stressed. But no one would dare say a word about it, not even his mother the queen. That war had been fought and lost years before.
Del was their last hope. The well-kept young man could easily be mistaken for a prince, and the desire was that perhaps his talent for dress and appearance would rub-off.
Gabe leaned his head back and scratched his straggly whiskers. He washed his face and reached for his razor. He lifted his chin and attempted to trim the hair on his face. “A little here and a little there but maybe I need a little more light.”
He moved a small mirror near the window to get a good look at how to cut and trim it straight. Del was watching closely, he, himself had much less facial hair and was quite content to let it stay that way. Gabe, all done, stood back and faced Del. “Well, does it look even?”
Del tried to act serious, but Gabe saw through him and shook his head in frustration. “Okay! It looks shoddy! Damn it! Just once I’d like to have a decent face when he saw me. Maybe then he’d stop calling me little brother. I’m a man, and it’s like he can’t admit it. I just feel like he always has his thumb in my back.”
At that, Del finally let his honest feelings show. He cut loose a loud laugh and held the smile. “Your brother is what, how much older than you? He’s a warrior.” Del’s voice was full of excitement as he threw his arms up and wrinkled his nose. “He’s got stories that everyone wants to hear.” He shook his head and blinked, “Have you ever seen him take off on that black horse? Have you ever seen the way he swings that ax? Hell, everybody wants to be him.”
He checked his look in the mirror and ran his fingers over his neatly brushed, light brown hair. “I think I’ll dye my hair black.”
Gabe straightened the small mirror and shaved all the hair off his face. “Everyone is not so excited about his stories of blood and gore, people dying, maimed, mutilated.”
He tapped his blade in a bowl of water, turned to Del and addressed him in a serious cutting tone, “Let’s not forget the worst of all. After years of service to the crown, if you should die, your family is exiled. It’s no wonder they try to kill my father every now and then.”
Gabe’s biting response took all the wind out of Del’s sail. He flopped in a chair, “But even you have to admit the last three years have been remarkably peaceful and now with your brother marrying the Hummy princess, it can only get better.”
Gabe continues his argument, “I doubt that. Lex was killed, and my brother exiled his wife and burnt his house to the ground. I knew Lex, He loved my brother. He would have done anything for my father and Towten! My father and brother disgust me. They embarrass me. I feel like I can’t show my face in public.”
Del shut down, he was ready to leave, escape, after all, outside Gabe’s room the atmosphere was festive, the halls were filled with faces of joy. He dropped his shoulders and mumbled just loud enough for Gabe to hear, “I’ve never seen him say one bad word about you and he always smiles when he sees you.”
“You wouldn’t see it. It’s not in the smile; it’s in the eyes, that disapproving look.” Del turned his back and rolled his eyes.
Gabe ran the blade across his face one last time and poured more water to wash. His best friend was way too quiet, and he knew he may have gone too far. Not wanting to be left alone in his negative stew, he tried to lighten the mood. “That being said, I would be happy just to get a decent looking beard.”
Del cracked a weak smile, as Gabe dried his face, threw the towel over his shoulder. “Is that so much to ask for?” He smirked.
Del still had nothing to say, and the air became heavy. Then a knock at the door liberates the moment with a chance for change. The two young men give each other a puzzled grin, and Gabe answered the door. It’s Lady Monica.
Lovely Monica was fifteen, and like most Towten ladies she never wore makeup, relying on her natural beauty to be flattering enough. Gabe certainly thought her dark hair, bright complexion, and eyes, were plenty. His face lit up at the sight of her. “Monica” He gasps.
My prince, her eyes beamed into the room behind him, and he pulled the door open. She smiled and walked in with a box. She glanced around the room until her eyes found what she really wanted, Del. She bounced her way to the handsome fellow. “Del! I have this new game and I…”
Now standing, he wasn’t smiling, he interrupted, mean, loud, rude and in her face. “No! I’m not interested!”
The voice was so harsh the young girl’s smile was washed away in an instant. She almost dropped the box, but Gabe took her hand and caught it. She looked into his too thin face and compassionate eyes. His soft voice slowed her heartbeat and calmed the trimmer racing through her body. “If you come back after dinner, I would love to play.”
Her eyes just turning a slight red at the lower lash line, added contrast to her suddenly sadden face. With quivering lips, she squeaked, “Okay.” She dropped her head and ran from the room.
Gabe shook his head at Del, “She is in love with you, and you treat her so badly. I wish it were me. If she would look back, just once!”
Del’s mouth fell open, “Are you mad? Monica!” He made a grimace. “Oh, you’re making me sick! I’ve never seen her face without a blemish, and I must have counted at least three just now.”
Gabe cried back, “I don’t remember seeing any, besides it’s not like we never get them.”
Del put his hands together in prayer fashion and looked up. “Never the less, my heart has been swept away by Beatrice,” He places his hands on his chest as if reciting poetry, “Beatrice, the honey bee.”
Gabe was flabbergasted, “Beatrice, She’s too old for you. And she spreads that honey around a lot. I bet even my brother has tasted it.”
Del folded his arms and threw his eyes in a corner.
Gabe roared laughing, “What, you don’t quite measure up anymore?”

20.
OLD CONFESSIONS
Towten King Vincent sat alone at a large desk slowly turning colorful large painted pages of a book. The sun poured through the closed stained glass windows casting a rainbow of colors across his small private library. Suddenly the light was blocked along with a welcomed jovial voice. “Hey old man.”
Von sat across from his father and Vincent closed his book and pushed it aside. The men exchange a smirky smile. “Well, did you get my message? Avery wants you to marry a Hummy and end the war that has lasted generations and took the lives of all my brothers and six of my sons.”
The king looked hopeful, but Von lost his smile, dropped his eyes and murmured, “Make that seven sons, and I can’t marry.” He didn’t make eye contact.
Vincent leaned back in his chair, narrowed his eyes and stares as if he knew something. “What do you mean by that?”
Von looked his father square in the eyes. “I didn’t tell you… I’m a cryistlum.
Vincent leaned forward, pulling on his beard and looking amused, he responded in a deep voice. “And you’re still alive, three years now.”
Von pulled back, stunned, “You knew? They swore never to…”
Vincent cut him off with a roar, “To tell me? They were sworn to me long before you!”
Their voices elevate when Von fired back, “So, all this time you knew?”
Vincent pointed and cracked back, “How is it you didn’t tell me?”
Von narrowed his eyes and replied sharply, “I wanted to… but I didn’t want to die in some dark room with my bed surrounded by whimpering and whispering… the hell before hell.”
There was more silence, and Von’s eyes wandered off, he calmed and fell back more relaxed. “No… I imagined it’s more like maybe just toppling off my horse and lying face up, looking at the blue sky and suddenly there’s Blair’s face. Von, is there anything you want me to tell your father before you die? I answer yes, tell my father…”
Vincent watched intensely waiting to hear what his son’s last words would be but, Von stopped the daydream, tilted his head with a smirk and gave his father an eye to eye, then arrogantly spouted. “I’m saving it.”
Vincent leaned over the table shaking his head, “Well, I hope to God I never hear it.” There was more silence as he stared at Von mystified.
A now well composed Von asked his father, “Did you tell mother?”
“Good heavens no!” the king replied as he fell back releasing a big huff, shaking his head blinking his eyes, “I can’t tell her that, she’ll want to talk about it. You’re a marvel; I have no answers for her. For all I know, she does know and is keeping it from me. You know your mother.”
The king’s eyes lit up with amusement. “So tell me son, how is it you are here… alive? A living cryistlum!”
Von chimed in with the excitement, “Father, It’s the black gravel and the water from Exile. It’s some kind of elixir. Have you been drinking the water I bring you?”
The king looked off, “Well it has a strange aroma, like burning fruit or spices. It smells like, like you!”
Von burst into laughter. “Father, the water doesn’t smell like me! I smell like the water.”
He leaned over the desk and let his hands tell the story, “I’ve had my arm and leg paralyzed and wheezing unable to breathe, like I had a chest full of bricks. Conner covers me with this hot black gravel, and in a short time I’ve recovered… fully… like I had never been ill.”
The king was captivated. “Without it, I know I would have been dead long ago. You have to drink that water. There is something in it that keeps me going until I need the black rock again.”
Von frowned and slows down a bit. “The healing is only temporary; from time to time I have to return.”
Vincent is still awestruck, “Well, what about the fruit, I eat that. By the way, got any?”
Von reared his head back and wrinkled his nose, then reached in his jacket and pulled out three pieces. Vincent held one up, examined it, smelled it and took a bite. “Humm, too sweet” he squinted. “I wish I could sneak off and see the place. Conner claims he and those young boys built a palace to rival ours.”
Von shook his head, “I wouldn’t know. The last time I saw those people they were cursing me for exiling them. Conner claims now they understand and send us their love, but I’m not so sure I can get past the hate I saw in their eyes.”
Then abruptly, Von has new excitement in his voice. “Father! You would never guess who I saw… Lam! You remember, Conner’s daughter, the one that used to cry all the time. You should see her now. She’s all grown up into the most beautiful woman.”
Vincent took another bite and spoke with a cheek full. “Humm, I do recall her, the crybaby. After her mother died one failing year. She was like a lost lamb. You were just children, and she would follow you around.” He cleared his mouth and looked off into his passed, “You were the only one who could quiet her down. Ha! Even in the middle of the night, her cries would echo through the palace, she’d be wandering around, dragging her blanket, looking for her mother. You’d come…”
The two men cry out laughing in unison. “And shut Lammy up!”
Von stared at the king quizzically. “Father, that’s not why you sent Conner to Exile, is it, because of her whining?”
“No, No! He volunteered.” The old man snickered, they locked eyes and burst with laughs again.
Then like turning a page, the mood changes. Von ran his hand over his mouth completely wiping the smile from his face. The king cleared his throat, exhaled and broke the silence. “Speaking of Exile, What about Lex’s woman?”
Von nodded, “Yes, well cared for. Oh, stay away from the windows for a few days; I upset quite a few in that village. Too bad about Lex.”
Vincent looked at the stained glass behind Von, and in a deep low voice he mumbled, “Lex, his loss is a sharp blade to bite.”
Von added, “But he died right father, surrounded by his men. He saw my face last, and I promised to send his family to Exile, and he had always requested fire rights.” He stressfully scratched his beard. “I can’t stop thinking about what he said.”
Von stretched out of his seat and started to pace the floor, stopped, and leaned over the desk tiredly. “Father, we’re in trouble. We have no real fighting army right now, and the Hummy aren’t any better. I suspect that’s why Avery wants this marriage. He may be thinking our armies united can fight them off, but I don’t see it, even combined it’s not much.”
Von was back pacing the floor; he tightened his lips and pounded his fist to his palm. “Damn dogs waited for this moment. To catch us depleted, unprepared and defenseless. I want to see for myself what we’re up against. Lex made it sound… bad.” He sat again and leaned into his father’s face, narrowing his eyes, “Father, the only thing I came up with is…”
Both men complete the sentence, “… break the damn dams and flood the Lossmen.” Von was a little surprised.
“Yes!” the King explained, “I came to the same conclusion.” He inhaled, crossing his arms. “We’ll be trapped here. No way in or out for god knows how long.”
Von reasoned, “That’s better than dead, besides, who else comes here anyway… merchants?”
Vincent went on, “I think you should go see Conner. See what he has to say about flooding. He knows about that kind of thing. When we were young, he was an apprentice to the king’s engineer, involved in all kinds of construction plans, dams, waterways, the repairing of this place, bridges, mapping. He raised a brow at Von, “That’s why I sent him to build Exile.”
Von smiled, but the king sat up, gave him a serious gaze tapping his finger on the desk a few times. “If you go outside this valley, don’t go alone and I mean it!”
“Of course, do I look like a madman?”
“Yes… You do!” His father replied. The men snicker.
“What about Gabe, Do you want me to have the pleasure of letting him know his life has changed? That he is soon to be wed.”
The king nodded, yes. “And I’ll make the formal announcement tonight at dinner.”
Von dropped his smile, and with a somber voice, he apologized. “I’m sorry about the cryistlum. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you. You had the right to know. I was wrong.”
Vincent replied, “I’m sorry too.” Von was taken aback by his father’s response. Then the king gave him a Towten smirk, “But not that you’re my son. I am and have always been proud of you. And I feel blessed that God has given you your life back, no matter what you smell like.”
Von returned the smirk.

21.
THE WAY THINGS CHANGE
Blair arrived in Towten and delivered Avery’s scroll to Vincent. In all the days of TowHummy, never had there been such a threat. If there was any confusion about their ambiguous enemy’s military might, it was now crystal clear.
Blair found Von in the records room, behind a huge desk covered with papers, scrolls and books, open and closed and stacked on the floor here and there. The wall shelves going nine high were filled with the same gray covered book, some thick, some thin and identified by a letter and the year.
Von was busy reading and signing documents and giving two male bookkeepers direction concerning them. The water from the dams would wash out the valley farms on its way to the Lossmen, so drastic measures had to be taken and quickly.
A deeply distressed Blair leaned his head out of a nearby window, wishing the fresh breeze would blow his misery away. I should have forced Avery to see what Marcus really was, he thought. How did we let him get this far, he’s a disgrace?
Von felt the murky darkness that clouded Blair but knew the only suggestions he could think of, Blair must have already considered, then he offered them anyway. He glanced back at his friend, “It has never ceased to amaze me how quickly our world can change and to what magnitude we are all affected.” Blair had no response.
Von tried again, “He needs to go to Exile for the healing rock, like I do. Maybe that would save his life. Look how long I’ve survived.”
Blair finally responds, “Its Towten, he would never do it. A Hummy king, willingly going to a Towten exile? Would your father do it?” Von says nothing.
Blair turned from the window with a dry condescending voice. “What about you? I understand you have never seen Exile Palace.” Von shook his head no and kept shuffling papers. Blair narrowed his eyes, “Royal pride will be the death of us all.”
A moment passed, Von looked back and wondered out loud, “And you, would you stay there?”
Blair gave him a grimace, “As fast as my heart beats. You’ve never seen the place. Feel free to exile me whenever you please. You’ll have that right soon… soon to be my prince.”
Blair returned to his window, and Von eventually cleared his desk of books, and the last bookkeeper rushed out with an armload of scrolls. Von took a deep breath and tried to change the conversation hoping distraction would dilute some of Blair’s bitterness. “My brother, he already hates me. Well here’s another stone for the cart.”
Blair turned on a lighter note. “I like him; he should make a fine husband for Nina. He hasn’t had time to become cores or mean spirited.”
Von heard a buried insult in there somewhere, but before he could respond, the door opened, and Gabe entered. Though Von tried not to show his dismay at the sight of Gabe, dressed in dark blue, pale thin faced with deep set gray eyes and black hair pulled back tight, his brother could see it.
“Welcome back brother. You look well.” Gabe blast, but the smile was not sincere.
Von couldn’t help but be true to himself and dug in just a little, “Thank you, brother, and you are looking like, like yourself.”
Gabe gave Von a hard stare then acknowledged Blair with a nod, Blair smiled and returned to his window.
Gabe asked warily “So you wanted to speak to me?”
Von got back to the few papers still left on his desk. He glanced up, and with an optimistic bounce in his voice, he announced, “Yes, please have a seat. A rare opportunity has arisen, a wonderful chance for you to show your devotion to the people of this valley.” Gabe traded his snide smile for one of dread and gave Von a raised eyebrow. What are they up to now he wondered?
Von continued in a more forceful voice, “You have been chosen to marry princess Nina. This will bind our kingdoms and secure peace.”
Gabe jumped to his feet in protest. “What! What! What the hell are you talking about? Marriage! I can’t marry anybody! You’ve gone mad!”
Von remained calmly shuffling, reading and signing papers, not reacting to his brother’s tantrum. Gabe blazed on, “Me! As I understand, it’s supposed to be you. What? She’s not pretty enough, so you passed her on to me? I know nothing about any Hummy princess and after all the horrible things you told me about them.”
Expecting this reaction, Von was still not fazed, “Well I’m sure they grew out of whatever I may have said.”
“A full beard and hairy chest?” Gabe blast.
That even caught Blair’s attention. Von could feel their eyes lay heavily on him, “Blair said she’s beautiful and wonderful. Right, Blair?”
Blair rolled his eyes at Von before smiling at Gabe and nodding, yes.
Gabe approached the desk and took this explosive moment to express how he really felt. “Well, if she’s so beautiful, why don’t you marry her? Why do I have to clean up a mess you and father made?”
Von looked up at his brother as if to say, I have had enough. His voice and gaze were intimidatingly sharp and cutting. “You are a Towten prince. Do you think they feed, dress, and keep you nice and warm by the fire for nothing? You have been groomed and trained your entire life. You will not question your duty as a Towten prince.”
Gabe’s eyes dart a few times as he slowly backed off. Then finding a tender spot for both of them, he stabbed back in a mocking, sarcastic tone. “I know what you did to Panna, and Lex’s children. I could smell the sweet Mandolen oil burning all the way here. He would have done anything for you…, What’s it like being you?”
Von delivered with a voice so penetrating, Gabe and Blair were instantly reminded why his words ruled. “The way I feel is of no concern to you. You are to be married whether you like it or not.”
The look in Von’s eyes caused Gabe to retreat a few more steps but muster up enough courage to whimper out, “You’re not King, you can’t…”
Von, slightly embarrassed by his brother’s behavior, cut him off swiftly, “Go ask him. Or better yet, he plans to make an announcement at dinner. So don’t make a fool of yourself. You are a Towten prince, act like it!”
A defeated Gabe calmed down and mumbled. “I should have known it. You and father, always up to something.” He raised his voice a little, “How soon am I to be sacrificed?”
Von also calmer answered, “We’re not certain yet. But in the meantime, it wouldn’t hurt for you to get a little sun. It would give you a more healthy appearance.”
Gabe’s sarcasm crept back, “Me, go outside? I never go out. Someone may think I’m you and kill me.”
Von, unfazed, made light of it. “They’re angry, not blind!” Blair snickered, lightening the mood even more.
Von explained, “You will leave for Hummy and bring your bride and her sister back here safely.” Von’s eyes shift past Gabe and to the closed door, where he directs loudly. “When you leave for Hummy, Del will be going with you. Did you hear that Del?” Del jumped back from where he had been eavesdropping and ran down the hall.
As Gabe prepared to leave, Von called out with compassion on his face and in his voice. “Gabe, before you leave, you should understand that this matter is of such importance I would never have passed it on to you, but I have no choice.” With his back turned, Gabe hesitates at Von’s last statement and then slipped his tall, spindly body out the door.
After a moment Von and Blair cry out laughing. “Did I smell fire and brimstone?” Von bellowed, he turned to Blair who was still bursting. “So he has to marry a beautiful princess, did you see him whine, did you see how hard I had to put him down, good heavens!”
Blair folded his arms and sat on the edge of the desk. “I don’t blame him. From out of nowhere, he’s getting married to someone he’s never even seen. But I have to say, he doesn’t know how easy he’s getting off.”
“See how layback he is, he’s not half the man I was at his age. Remember when we were lads,” Von put his boots up on the desk and folded his hands behind his head and tipped the chair back. “There I was, just a kid. Not a care about nothing. Then one day I was called to help bring my dead brother, Kevin, back from the heart of the battlefield. By the time I got back, I was drenched in blood. The smell made me sick for a week.”
With a soft smile, Blair nodded, yes.
Von rolled his eyes, “That was the end of my sunny days. I received my first custom weapon when I was fifteen. I saw my first gray hair when I was sixteen and almost died a virgin.” They chuckle; it was nice to see Blair having a moment of joy, so Von pushed it once more.
“You know my brothers were so mean. It was my birthday when they decided I should become a man. I should have known something was wrong when my brother and my parents were laughing at me, they were in tears. I’ll never forget her name. Constance!”
Blair bowls over in hysterics, falling off the desk. “Not you too?” Von cried, almost losing his balance, in his tipping chair.
Blair caught his breath just long enough to blurt out, “Yes, all six hundred pounds of her. I think she’s still a virgin, a very rich one.”
The laughter could be heard all the way out into the halls. Once they simmered down, Blair confessed, “You know the princesses are beautiful, but they may be a hand full. I think they have always been given whatever they wanted.”
Von reassures him, “That’s okay, we Towten know how to say… No!” The two men snickered.

22.
AWE GABRIEL
The dining room was packed, the sound of conversation, laughter, children at play, and the clamor of plates and cups was so loud you can barely hear the music playing.
The room simmered down just a tad as the children gather to watch the king’s dog. The king and queen pulled food from their plates and threw it on a large pewter platter at the edge of the table. The king’s dog sat anxiously watching it. The king eyed the dog then turned his head just a bit. The dog jumped up, and the king looked back, then the dog sat back. The teasing went on and on to the amusement of the children screaming with laughter. Finally, the king kept his head turned long enough for the dog to knock the plate on the floor. The king acting surprised, looked around asking what happened to his dinner and the laughter is booming. Such was the life of the king’s taster.
The tables were set in a large U shape making it easy for the distraught Gabe and Dell to watch Von, Blair and their lady friends laugh and prepare to enjoy dinner as if nothing had happened.
A large platter of lamb was set before the two young men, when Dell tried to lighten the mood of his best friend. “At least they’re serving your favorite.” Gabe still glaring at Von, replied, “I’m not hungry, they’re not serving up lamb, they’re serving up me.” He was just on the edge of his seat when he thought he couldn’t take another moment, the King rose, and the room went silent.
Vincent raised his goblet and proudly announced, “I want to make a toast. It is with great pleasure that I announce the marriage of my brilliant peace loving son Gabriel to Princess Nina of Hummy. This marriage ends a war that has lasted before our fathers were born. I am most honored that my son should be part of the knot that binds our two kingdoms in peace and prosperity.
There was a slight uncertainty as the news took the rest of the room by surprise. Everyone assumed that Von was to marry her and Von would be king, so there was whispering. For a flash Gabe and Vincent’s eyes met. The sincere love and respect he received from his father staggered him. His mouth fell open, he looked to Von wondering, did he see that? Even though Von had a smile, you could tell he knew it should have been him.
The room joined the king in a toast and cheered Gabe, who was still smiling with eyes on his brother, he thought, so this is what it’s like to be you.
The king sat, the music started, and the room was almost back to normal except for a long train of those wanting to congratulate Gabe. Then a Hummy guard quickly made his way to Blair then Von, who rose and whispered something unpleasant to the king who told the queen and quickly left the room. Von beckoned Gabe and others, who gather in the large library where the king was seated.
Vincent’s eyes traveled over their faces, “You are well aware of the serious situation concerning our borders and the outlanders. Earlier today I was informed that a trader in Hummy has caused it to fall and just now I was told that Avery is dead.” The room boiled with mumbling.
“But.” the king interrupted, “The enemy has not broken our borders. We must be clever, and swift like a fox to beat this snake at his game. If we fail, all who are in this room will be the first to die.” There was more mumbling.
The king stood, “We will step up our plans, and we will be victorious.” He got cries of support, and the room fell out of order.
Vincent pulled Gabe close, “Gabe, you and Blair will leave for Hummy as soon as possible. With their father gone, I suspect that the lives of the Princesses’ may be in danger. We need to get there immediately to secure our position. Von, how soon can you put together some kind of enticing barrage of gifts?”
“Overnight” Von replied.
“Perfect, and protection?”
Von explained. “As far as soldier escort, I think we should divide the army into three parts. One stays here, one goes with Gabe to Hummy, and one stays with me to bring the dams down.”
The King nodded, and everyone’s eyes were on Gabe. “Son, go and bring your beautiful bride and her sister here safely. Follow Blair’s lead. He has your best interest at heart as do we all.”
• • •
Later that night Gabe returned to his room to find young boys playing on the floor. He roared, “What are you doing in my room! Get out!” He pointed to the door, and they ran out, as Del slipped in.
Exhausted, Gabe leaned over the table. “Did you hear that? Heavens, my world has just turned upside down. One moment I’m just trying to trim a few hairs on my chin and the next thing I know, I’m heir to the throne of two kingdoms. I’m to pack and go to the enemy and marry their princess whom I’ve never seen and only heard bad things about.” He stumbled to his bed holding his head and fell back across it.
Del sat, dropped his head and listened to his friend whine. “What happened to my life?
Del replied, “Wow, we’re going to war? We could die. I guess he does think you’re more of a man than you thought he did.”
Gabe sat up, “Well, I’m not going alone. You’re going right along with me. Your sword’s got my back, and I’ve got yours.”
Del swallowed, “Yes I was thinking about that, you know we skipped a lot of battle training. You think we could get maybe a swift brush up lesson?”
Baffled, Gabe frowned, “I still can’t understand why my brother is doing this. Does any of it make sense to you?” Del shook his head no.
• • •
The next morning a large caravan made of mostly Towten soldiers with colorful banners flying, Huelyees with painted crates full of colorful gifts and bulging golden bundles was ready to leave. Von and Blair rode along the tree lined dirt road giving the train a once over last inspection. The sky was crystal blue and the fresh breeze rustling the leaves above their heads creating an optimistic feel.
Von took notice that Gabe was wearing a huge bright red hat. “Did you try to talk him out of that hat?”
Blair smiled, “Yes, but it’s just not happening. He claims it keeps the sun out of his eyes.”
Von cracked back, “Definitely, like he couldn’t use a little sun. You think the girl will back out when she sees that hat. Maybe I should add another box of something.”
Blair laughed, “No, you already have plenty. Why so much?”
Von snickered and explained, “Well, I was thinking, what the hell, in a few weeks it will all be back in the family anyway.”
As they arrived at the head of the caravan, the men hashed over their plans and wished one another well.
“I will send my men to start clearing the valley while I’m gone. Take care of him, that’s the only heir we have. I need to see Conner about the dams, get some black water and fruit before I head to Sawtee.”
Blair put on a smirk, “Sure, Conner, water, fruit, anybody else?”
Von chuckled, “I’ve only seen her once. I doubt if she’ll be looking for me, and Conner didn’t seem too happy about it.”
Blair gave Von an intense look, “Take care, my friend.” Von chuckled again, “No truly! If anything happened to you, your father might kill me. Just for the hell of it!”
“I have no plans to visit Sawtee, but I have to see this fire, so I know how to fight it.”
Blair nodded, gestured farewell and trotted off to the waiting caravan. He rode up alongside Gabe and Del waiting at the head of the convoy. The miserable look on Gabe’s face told Blair he needed a lot of encouragement. “Young prince, believe me when I say the girls really are beautiful and they need your help desperately. This whole valley will fall without your allegiance. A lot depends on you.”
With that, Blair motioned to the caravan, and they moved out. As they pulled from under the trees and the morning sun hit their faces, Gabe tipped his hat down just a little more.
Von, just a short distance away, watched until the last man rode off.

23.
WOLF AND LAMB
Von left orders for his men to help the valley villages pull their crops, gather their animals, pack up their belongings and move to higher ground. This was a big undertaking, and there was no time to waste as Marcus had left behind a rogue army to wreak havoc everywhere.
Von made good on his plan to see the Sawtee fires and get a more in-depth understanding of the dams and the effect it would have on the environment.
He decided to take a shortcut that involved cutting through a small area where the terrain was similar to the Lossmen Forest. As he traveled being ever so cautious, he started to recall how he learned to navigate the impenetrable barricade.
Von was seven, and his younger brother Neal was six, riding bareback, they were led through the forest to the edge of the Lossmen, by their older brother David.
First David showed the boys a path that appeared to be blocked by thick twisted wildly growing trees. Time and again, like magic, it looked as though a path opened where none had been before. Nothing on the ground, no thinning of green or glimmer of light gave way to a path but over and over his brother led them through the dense Lossmen.
Then in a slightly open area, he stopped, broke off a tree limb and with a smirk he ordered. “Okay show me the way.” He pointed to a spot that looked blocked. The two young ones stare and even trot back and forth to get a closer look but saw nothing. There was no opening.
“It is here.” He showed them the way leaving the boys baffled. Again, he led the way repeatedly, in and out, deeper and deeper. Then in a narrow clearing, he stopped, “Okay, show me the way.” But Von and Neal, just stare unable to see a way past the wall of green distortedly warped trees.
David approached and popped them both on the head with the branch then proceeded to guide them through the now so obvious pathway.
Again, he repeatedly shows them the way, and then it was test time, and they failed again and again. Finally, Von told his younger brother, “The next time he points the way I’m just going to ride straight into what must only look blocked. But when the next test arrived, Dave pointed to Neal to show the way, hoping to embarrass Von.
But older brothers are not stupid, but they can be tricky, Neal decided to try Von’s plan, but as he approached the blockage David cried out, “Neal, can you ride through trees? There’s no opening there” He roared out laughing and bopped the young boys on the head.
He led them through another opening and showed them the way over and over again, then stopped, and with a loud sigh he asks, “Where is the opening?”
Von and Neal had all but given up and braced themselves for a pop on the head when Von noticed an ever so slight change in the wall of green, so as Dave approached with the bopping branch, he cried out, “Stop, I see it.” He entered and disappeared then screamed out a joyously, “I found it.” keeping him from getting separated.
David let Von show him the way again, then eventually told him the lead the way home, where Neal finally caught on. The Lossmen was riddled with trails, but only the keenest of eyes could see them. Just the king could grant permission for such training, and the knowledge was kept to a bare minimum, such as the sons of a king or his most trusted.
Later on that evening, David caught sight of Von and called him in a deep, harsh voice, staring him down, then burst with a huge laugh and full smile. “You did well my little brother.” He handed him four huge gold lion head medallions, the same four medallions faceted to his horse’s bridle till this day.
• • •
Von’s attention was brought back to the present by the sound of another horse in the thick of it. He maneuvered his way to where he thought it was coming from. With his ax ready he caught a glimpse. It’s Donna.
Donna heard something and tried to disappear into the quagmire of twisted foliage. Like a cat and mouse, they dance carefully through the forest. Von decided to go up ahead where he knew there was a clearing. Hearing her approach, he waited for her to emerge. She entered the clearing with eyes trailing, clutching her heart.
He sat tall in the saddle with one fist at his hip waiting for her to turn around. “I thought I told you to stay out of the forest.” he blasted.
Donna deflates with relief, “Oh it was you.” She gave a nervous giggle, catching her breath and starting to explain. “We lost a beautiful little colt. We’ve looked everywhere for the poor little thing. It could have come this far. I wouldn’t trust anyone other than myself to look for it in here.
She rode up alongside him bubbly, but he was taking the incident seriously and responded sharply. “Donna, when I say this forest is dangerous, I mean it. Many have lost their lives out here, and others are missing. Promise me you won’t come back.”
Getting a closer look at her, he softened just a tad and added with a raised eyebrow. “If anything should happen to you, I would become a whirling hatchet phantom, and it would all be your fault.”
Seizing the chance to find out what’s really going on in his world, she asked, “Well who are they? As I understand, the war is over. So, who are these killers and what do they want? What do they look like, these outsiders? I have yet to see one.”
She rattled on trotting back into the forest, and he took the time to give her a good looking over from behind, beginning with the way her hair fell down her long neck, her narrow waist, down to the pretty little oddly painted shoes on her feet. “Count your blessings. They look like everybody and nobody. My point is, you need to stay out of here. Where’s your father?”
Trying to keep the moment light she answered, “I’m not sure. But he was the one who taught me to navigate. You have to admit they would have a hard time finding or catching me. The only reason you did, is because you cheated.”
Von shook his head at her flippant attitude toward the danger at hand. “Oh, and a murderer won’t? Don’t get me wrong you’re able but, better than me? You’re not that good!” he smirked.
She gave him a devilish smile and took off. He was right behind her, but she disappeared, and he cried out. “Donna? Donna? This is not a game!” Put to the challenge and wanting to protect her, he pursued.
Isolated, she sat quietly waiting to hear him. A quick glance behind her and there he was. She screamed laughing and took off, and out of sight again.
She stopped to listen for his approach, but when she looked up, he’s right there. They laugh out loud, as she took off again, but this time it truly took longer to find her, and he started to worry. Ah, he spotted her, and he decided it was time to put an end to this risky fox and rabbit game.
She sat still waiting for him to catch up; she dropped her head and covered her giggle. But when she looked up, there he was in front of her, blocking her way with a wide smile. They laughed and trotted out of the Losslike forest, just in time to miss three of Marcus’s men passing through, hunting for new victims.
He wrinkled his brow and laid down the law. “Silly flower” He mumbled, then in a commanding voice he scolded, “If I catch you in the forest again, I’ll have you arrested.”
“And put where?” Insulted by the way he threw the demand, she fired back without a smile and with no respect for who he was.
Donna and her father were presumed dead as with all Exiled. Realizing how impossible it was to carry out the threat he snickered and mumbled loud enough for her to hear, “In my cottage.”
She blushed, and there was silence until she broke it, “I’m not sure where my father is. He may be up near; well you should come and see. Now would be a good time to show you the life we’ve built here.”
“It’s extremely important that I see him. Time is of the essence right now.” Thinking that his severe attitude may not seem so attractive, he tried to lighten the mood a bit. “However, a little dip in the black water wouldn’t hurt before my journey.”
“Your journey?” she questioned.
“Yes, I journey just to the other side of the Lossmen.”
Donna stopped, stunned at his plans. “My father told me about the burning, and you’re going there? Isn’t that how your Lex was killed. Where is your escort? You can’t go alone! Aren’t they the same killers you just warned me about?”
Her concern caught him off guard; he tried to explain but left her looking confused. “Trust me; I know what I’m doing. What I also know is safety seems to travel in small numbers, the smallest being one. I’m not going to visit; I just want to take a peek.”
She said nothing until they reached the cottage. They dismount, and head to the lake where they pull off their boots, stockings, and dip their feet in the water.
Von found just the sight of the lake relaxing; suddenly the rest of the world and all its problems didn’t exist. But Donna found the quiet, a bit uncomfortable and had a million questions. “So, aren’t you supposed to marry the Hummy princess? I was told they wanted the Bald One and as I understand it that’s you?”
Von inhaled deeply and in a very relaxed voice took his time answering her. “You’re told a lot for someone tucked so far away. And the answer is no! I passed it to my brother. It was too important, and with me being a cryistlum, it was too great a risk.”
He pulled his feet out of the warm water, scooted back on the grass and laid down. He plucked a sprig of grass and stuck it in his mouth, shut his eyes and continued. “It’s been about three years, I should have been dead long ago, but the wonders of the hot rock have repeatedly saved my life. I’ve come way too close too many times.” He opened his eyes and stared at the beautiful clear sky.
Donna still pushing for conversation, added, “I’ve seen some miraculous things.” She paused and blinked as if she had a wonderful idea. “I have a special gift for you before you leave.”
Von’s peaceful moment was interrupted again as Donna spoke out breathlessly, pressing her hand to her breast and splashing her feet in the water. She sat beside him, “Heavens, you passed up a double crown!” She went unnoticed.
Von laid silent, but Donna was not about to be ignored, “Now and then your mother sends me birds with little notes. So I know a few things.”
She giggled then landed her eyes on his thick dark head of hair. “Tell me, how did you become the bald one? Is it true you would terrorize Hummy women and children with your shaved head?”
At last, she struck a chord, and he stirred with a grin, his eyes wandered; a little embarrassed he glanced up at her. “I was hit in the head during battle; it left an ugly scar, so I cut all my hair off. I mean the hair and the scar didn’t go well together. Either you’re a monster, or you’re not.
He cradled his head and crossed his legs. “Before that, I never noticed how the Hummy worshiped their hair. And I have never understood why just the sight of my baldness brought terror to their villages.”
He rolled over onto his elbow and spit the grass out, “Sometimes I would just ride up on a nearby ridge or hilltop and pull off my hat and watch women and children screaming and running in horror.” He laughed loudly and fell back staring at the sky, “Blair swears I’m lying.” He calmed down, “Seems like such a long time ago.”
Just a taste of one of his stories had a euphoric effect on Donna. Her heart raised with a desire to hear more. She furtively examined him over; counting every eyelash, checking every fingernail, button, and hair that was exposed on his body.
A quick glance back into his face, and he caught her. Eye to eye the smiles were dropped, she lifted her head and held the gaze, and so did he, way too long. Smugly she glanced away, but her eyes return only to meet his still there.
His voice was soft, but his words were firm, “Donna…, I’m not one of your little boys.”
He had a slight grin, pulled on his ear and stretched like it was nothing.
She was embarrassed, and there was silence again. Still wearing a relaxed soft smile, Von closes his eyes and folds his hands across his chest.
Donna pulled her feet out from a mound of dark blue skirts; she crossed her pale legs at the knees and kicked her foot anxiously. The movement blocked the sun causing Von to peek through the slits of his resting eyes. At that moment he was awestruck, never had he seen a woman so innocently liberated of conformity. He reveled in the carefree, childlike quality, and it relaxed him even more. He felt his bones sink into the ground undaunted.
Meanwhile, an agitated Donna pondered, “Here I have the man of my dreams, bursting with a treasure chest full of stories and I can barely get him to say a word. She felt dull; Maybe he didn’t feel a thing for her after all. Maybe he thought she was still the crybaby, lost lamb. Things hadn’t changed. Him, as big as life and her still just trailing along behind him, dragging her blanket.
She calmed down and in her quiet reflection came insight. Staring at the blue sky, she asked softly, “Von… if the healing water has saved your life, why aren’t you living here? This place is beautiful. Why won’t you let me show it to you?”
To her surprise, he answered, “It has crossed my mind, but I would have to secure my home first, so right now it’s not practical. That reminds me,” He sat up, “I need to pack and find your father before I leave.”
They grab their shoes and stockings and head for the cottage, but they were cut off at the road when Conner rode up with the little lost colt trailing.
A disheveled Von greeted Conner barefooted and carrying his boots, “Conner! There you are. I was wondering where you were.”
“Hum, I’m sure you were.” Conner took note of Donna and Von’s bare feet.
Donna gave her father a sneaky snicker as she dashed past him to greet the little colt then focused back on Von, “I’ll pack your horse for your journey.” She gave him a special smile, and he returned it.
• • •
Von climbed up the cottage porch steps, “My father told me you’re the only one in this valley who knows anything and everything about the dams.”
Conner dismounted and tied his horse, “That may be true. I helped build them years ago, why, what do you plan to do? Without the dams much of the valley could go back to what it once was, a marsh; and further, the Lossmen Forest was a swampy thing.”
“That’s exactly what I wanted to hear.” Von entered the cottage, sat and started putting his boots on. Conner followed him in, running his hand over his face befuddled.
Von explained, “We plan to put out those fires and stop the Sawtee with a flood. But first I’m going to take a little trip and see them for myself.”
Still baffled Conner rubbed one of his eyes, “When?”
“Now!” Von answered.
Conner blinked his eyes, “No escort? You’re just like your father.”
Von pulled his last boot on, “Do me a favor. Don’t say anything until I get back. It should take less than a week.”
“If you get back,” Conner mumbled, took a seat and glanced at his Donna outside loading Von’s horse. “I think I still have maps. I’ll find them and show you when you come back.” He narrowed his eyes in thought, “I’m not positive, but this place was discovered after we built the dams so the swamp could cut us off from TowHummy and the rest of the world for years.”
There was silence, and Von’s eyes wandered out the window to Donna as he tried to add up his options. Conner caught him, “Von, you know Donna’s just a little girl all grown up. She…”
Von interrupted him with sincere compassion and respect in his eyes. “Conner! I haven’t laid a hand on her.” He looked back out at her, still barefoot with an apron full of fruit and a gentle smile. Von whispered under his breath, “Then again, some things are just written in stone.”
He leaned on his elbow with his fist to his chin and with a no nonsense look, he eyed Conner for a moment then added. “Maybe we should talk.”
• • •
Later, Von was leaving the cottage and Conner followed him out. He mounted his loaded down horse, but Donna was not in sight. “We’ll look at those maps when I get back.” He nodded and started to trot off.
Suddenly Donna appeared in the middle of the road. Standing at his side, she patted a pouch tied onto his saddle. “Here, I told you I had a special gift for you. I call it dark blue. This water is heavier than the rest. It was hot when we capped it. It smells stronger and tastes sweeter, but I’ve seen it do wonders. I want you to have it.”
He pulled off his glove and lifted her face tenderly and gazed deep into her eyes, with no smile he studied her. Ever so softly he spoke, “Thank you.”
He held her too long, she blushed, bashfully she looked away then pulled away. With his eyes hard on her he put on a smirk, leaned back in the saddle and pulled his glove back on.
With her hands to her chest and eyes a little damp, she cried out breathlessly as he trotted off, “Please… take care, my prince.” She watches until he disappeared.
Back at the cottage, Donna found her father seated with his arms folded. “Are you sure this is the man you want?” he asked sternly. “I raised you here, away from the harsh world he comes from. Your life with a man like that wouldn’t be normal. I don’t want you to feel that just because you’re older and still alone, that he’s your only choice.”
Donna was caught off guard by her father’s approach, he looked at her squarely rambling on, “Think of it, he’s not normal. I’ve seen him fall off his horse crippled from head to toe, one breath away from death. Could he ever give you children? And if he did…”
Donna flopped in the chair across from him. She dropped her head on the verge of crying, she covered her mouth. In his loving care, he had hit her hard in a tender spot. For years she had conceded to the fact that at her age there was a very good chance she would never wed… and that was fine, until Von appeared and tempted her with the possibility that such a dream could come true.
Her father gently reached out for her hand. “My sweet lamb, I don’t mean to hurt or frighten you. Hell, outside of his father I don’t know a better man. I just have to make sure you know this is about what you want.” He glanced toward the window and changed his voice to a firm, harsh one. “And not what he wants, I’m not afraid of him, I’ll stand up against him and his father if I have too, I don’t care who he is!”
Donna removed her hand from her pouty lips and looked up at her father with glossy eyes and spoke in a whimper of a voice. “Father… my life here is wonderful. Watching this place grow into what it is now… has been a most beautiful gift… I miss mother…. and I’ve missed him. He is like a part of me that’s been long lost… I never thought in my wildest dreams that I would have a chance of ever seeing him again… But the moment our eyes met, my heart said, yes, it’s me. And I saw in his eyes that I was still his lost Lamb. I’m sure I’ve always been his.
Conner deflated, calmed, took her hand and held it tightly.

24.
THE BURNING
Von entered the Lossmen Forest deep in thought. What if Exile is cut off after the dams flood the valley? Could he store up enough black water to keep him alive until the valley recovered? What if he needed a black rock healing?
Yes, it only made sense for him to stay in Exiland if he wanted to live. And with Donna by his side what’s not to love about the place. Well for one, the people hate him, and Conner wasn’t really ecstatic about him taking the hand of his, oh so loved daughter. And what would he do in a place like that? They have no war, no army and he’s a warrior. He would go from ruling a kingdom and living in a palace to ruling a village and living in a cottage?
He concluded that yes, this trip, all alone in the quiet was just what his mind needed to figure out what to do with the rest of his life.
He maneuvered his way deep into the twisted darkness of green chaos. After the darkness set, he parked his horse on firm ground, tied himself a hammock high in a tree, ate fruit and tried to shut off his rambling mind. At night the Lossmen was noisy with small animals and insects, but with no stars and with the trees not suitable for burning, there was no fire, and it was pitch-black.
He had taken a route close to the sheer mountainside hoping to climb it when it opened up at the mouth of the Lossmen. There, up high, he could get a better overview and have some idea of where they had set the inferno.
By the end of day two, he could smell it, and by the end of day three he could see smoke and decided that if he wanted to continue as he had planned, he would have to find a ridge to carry him to the top of the mountains.
That night he slept at the foot of a narrow ridge that looked like his best bet hopefully to the top. The next morning, he found the path exposed to the sun in spots making it slippery with green moss, so his horse would lose its footing here and there, but the trees growing alongside as they got higher were more normal and dropped leaves to pave the way. Eventually, the ridge narrowed and was only wide enough for him to walk his horse through. He prayed it was not a dead end.
At last, he found an opening, flat and rocky, cold but dry, he made a fire from twigs and laid back against a huge stone and watched the sun go down.
Late the next morning he emerged from the snow capped mountainside, high above the Lossmen. Still climbing, his eyes followed the thick smoke that eventually revealed miles of scorched forest. He was angry and disgusted, ‘How dare they.’ He quaked as a flash of anxious excitement crossed his mind at the thought of breaking the dams and killing them all. He had seen enough and prepared to return home.
From so high, he had an overview idea of where Exile should be and decided to find a shortcut. Going down a ridge to a dry riverbed with a natural looking fork, made Von doublethink. One way led up to, hopefully, a shortcut to Exiland and one looked like a steep tree studded easy trip, straight down to the Outland. He rationalized, I’m dressed right, I could cover my crest with dirt and my horse, shoes, and saddle with dust. I’ll cover my head and keep my mouth shut. He sat for a moment, his heart pounded, his palms sweaty with anticipation, his nose flared and a devilish smirk covered his face.

25.
BUMPS IN THE ROAD
Blair was anxious to get the prince and the caravan to Hummy, but it would have to wait. Seems there was more to Gabe’s reason for not stepping outdoors than the fear of retaliating peasants.
The valley was bursting with the color of spring and Gabe was bursting with allergies. The sight of him made Blair grimace. He was a mess, his puffy runny, itchy eyes, a runny nose, and constant sneezing was giving Blair the creeps. There was no way he could present this sickly wimp of a man to the Hummy people. They made camp and even though Gabe explained how he had experienced this before, and it would only last a few days maybe, he didn’t get better; he got worse.
Blair was flustered, on the one hand, he could only imagine what turmoil and confusion the people of Hummy may be facing with the fall of the king. At the same time, he couldn’t leave the one hope, this sick looking young man with a caravan of riches.
The third sleepless night Blair thumped his head, “Chin” He blurted out loud, “why didn’t I think of him before.” He wrote a note and sent a messenger straight away to Hummy, to give the note to no one but the royal alchemist. Blair finally laid down to a full night’s sleep.
A day later the messenger returned with a small vial full of brown liquid. Gabe and Del were playing cards when Blair burst into the tent and demanded, “Here, drink this!”
The soppy looking prince thinks to protest, what was in the gross looking elixir Blair was so rudely pushing, he took it. You couldn’t blame him for wondering with the Hummy King so recently poisoned. But the no nonsense look, that until now, Gabe had never seen, made him keep his mouth shut and drink it.
Blair breathed a sigh of relief and immediately stepped out and gave orders to pack up camp. A flabbergasted Gabe and Dell stare as Blair obviously knows something they don’t.
By the time the caravan was packed up, Gabe and Del mount their horses and Gabe couldn’t stop raving about the elixir. “My head is clear as ever and other than a little tickle in my ears I feel great.”
Del examined Gabe’s face and slowly responds. “Fascinating, in only an hour, you have fully recovered.”
Blair joined them with a smile, “I suspect there are more treasures than just your bride awaiting you in Hummy young prince.” With that, the Caravan was back on its rescue mission.
• • •
Blair’s worries were justified. With the king gone and almost all of his noblemen murdered, the princesses saw for the first time, the level of respect they really held… not much. The kingdom was falling apart fast; some calling for Marcus and others claimed Marcus was dead and wanted the crown for themselves.
Nina stayed tucked away in her room, fearing the outer disturbance, but Carla stormed the halls and demanded the respect of a queen. Behind her back were plots and plans brewing, fights and arguments as to who should marry her and become king. Only one thing pounded in Carla’s head day and night… Where is Blair?
Chin, the royal alchemist, having received the note, called her to a secret meeting in his garden and in his own language, he gave Carla the peace of mind she yearned. “Blair is on his way and will indeed be home soon.” The good news made her stagger with relief. No longer fearful she became bold, and the roar of her voice kept the outer intrigue to a minimum.
Closed up in her room and half dressed, Nina lounged on her bed kissing and hugging a feisty baby pig. “Relax little one, it’s not you going to slaughter, it’s most likely me.”
Carla abruptly burst into the room causing the baby pig to almost jump out of Nina’s lap. Irate and up in arms, her skirts twirled widely as she started to pace the floor. “I’ll have their heads for this. How dare they treat me this way, every order I give is questioned or challenged.”
Nina ignored her big sister’s rampage and tried to comfort and calm the piglet who was desperately trying to escape. Carla rants on, “Wait till I tell Blair how they’ve disrespected me.” she made a fist. “I’ll have no mercy” She hollered loud enough for anyone in the hall to hear.
“Blair?” Nina finally took notice.
“Yes, He’s returning” Carla’s voice lowered as she deflates. Finally taking a look at her sister, she gasped, “Look at you, you’re a mess, you’ve been crying, did anyone see you?” Nina looked up at Carla with blotchy red eyes, cheeks, and nose; she slowly shook her head no.
Carla sat on the side of the bed and softly caressed Nina’s face. “Sister, you must pull yourself together and be the strong woman I know you are…,” her eyes searched Nina’s seriously, “now more than ever. Yes, Blair is returning, and I need to talk to you about something vital.”
Nina dropped her gaze, and it landed on four fingerprint looking bruises on Carla’s arm. Alarmed her mouth fell open and with her eyes wide she asked. “What is happening to you? More of those awful bruise marks. Lala! Are you ill?”
Carla quickly pulled down her sleeve, and with a stern voice, she snapped back to the problem at hand. “Nina! Chin told me Blair returns with the Towten prince.”
Nina went back to cuddling the pig when Carla raised her voice and pulled her arm setting the pig free. “Nina! You must listen to me. If you don’t marry him, we’re as good as dead, and all of TowHummy will be lost.”
Nina snapped out of her whimpering stupor, blinking. Getting her sisters attention, Carla continued somewhat frantically, “Marcus will kill us, or we’ll be sold off and used.” She calmed a bit, “At least with the Towten we still have Blair to protect us.”
Nina took notice of her sister’s drastic change. Never had she seen her so intense, self confident, and assertive. She saw her father in Carla’s expression and in the look in her eyes. It reminded Nina she was a Hummy princess and all the times her father said… act like it.
Carla took Nina’s hand and stared out into the nothingness. “You must convince this prince… that you’re the one. You must do whatever it takes.” Nina frowned as her eyes wander trying to grasp what her sister was asking.
Carla whispered and leaned into her sister’s face, “Marcus, he wants the throne. He wants the whole valley. It was he who killed father! He poisoned him! And he may have murdered mother. Now we’re in the way.”
Nina interrupts, shaking her head, “No, no, that doesn’t make any sense. He was sole heir. Father told me himself that he had made Marcus King.”
Carla stood to face her sister, “No! He wants the entire valley, including Towten, and he sided with the Sawtee to get them to help him.” She threw her hands in the air. “Chin told me everything.”
Nina crossed her arms, “Well why didn’t father tell us? He said nothing. He didn’t even tell us he was dying. I never would have left his side for one moment if I had known.”
She fell back on a pile of pillows, knocking a half eaten apple to the floor. The piglet popped out from under the bed and started to eat it. Carla is silent, giving her sister a chance to grasp the situation. She floated to the open window whispering under her breath, “Blair, Blair, where are you? I need you now, right now.”
A small tear ran toward Nina’s ear. Her voice sounded older, dry and expressionless. “He tried to teach me, but I just wanted to stay in the light and now… now he’s gone, and we’re alone, alone in the dark. I feel numb, lost and blind.”
She threw one arm over her head and stared at the ceiling, “Now I understand this marriage, he was trying to protect us.” She narrowed her eyes, still staring at the ceiling, “Other than our handmaidens who else even gives a damn about me? No one!”
This pulled Carla from her own parade of dark scenarios and out of the window. She fell across the bed facing her sister; and reached out tugging on the end of her sleeping garment. “That’s not true. We don’t have father, but always my lovely sister, we have each other. We’ll, we’ll be okay.” Nina’s words had thumped a heart string and caused her eyes to well up. She rolled her round body over on her back, blinking a few times and wiping away the one tear that got away.
After a few sniffles, she took a deep breath and changed her tone completely. She rolled over onto her elbows, “The good news is you won’t have to marry the Bald One. He’s as good as dead. He’s a Cryistlum. He’s been seen dragging his body around. They say he’s so evil he just won’t die. They say even the devil’s afraid of him.”
Nina’s just a little disappointed, for years she and her father hid a secret admiration for him, and she had toyed with the idea of being his wife more than a few times. At that, the idea of marriage became even more unacceptable, which raised another question. In a loud, sharp and quick tone she asked, “Why do I have to marry? You’re the oldest.”
Carla snapped back, “Neither one of us is a child anymore. Heaven knows we’re old enough to have children of our own. You have to grow up sometime.”
“I know, I know how old I am,” Nina retorted, “but I loved my life of freedom. Doing whatever I please. Feeling protected because my father was king. But married… he’ll try to tell me what to do and how to act. I may never smile or laugh again.” She sat up and flashed back at her sister. “Ha, you tried to change the subject!”
Carla relaxingly laid her chin on the back of her hands. Nina watched her and waited. Carla inhaled and hold it, “Let’s just say I’m no longer of the quality I should be.”
There was a moment of silence while Nina’s brain added one and one. “What?” She was flabbergasted, with eyes like saucers and her high pitched voice peeking, she crawled to her sister’s side. “Who, who was it, Blair? I knew it!” Her face beamed with slight perspiration in anticipation of explicit love tales of her sister and Lord Blair.
Carla laid her head down covering any chance of the bruises on her arm from showing. She closes her eyes, dry and expressionless she answers calmly, “No, it was not who or what I wanted.”
Nina recoiled as if her sister’s words had knocked her back across the bed. Her eyes darted, her nose flared, her shoulders rose like a cat’s back and Carla with her eyes still closed and her nose and lips turning redder by the second, waited to hear a response, anything. Moments passed, and she heard a sniffle, and a gentle hand caressed her head.
“Did father know?” Nina asked sympathetically.
“He questioned me, but I always denied it.” She opened and narrowed her eyes; she balled her hands into a fist full of bed covers. “After the deed was done, it was so ugly. I didn’t want anyone to know. He threatened to tell.”
She rolled over, her eyes trailed along the decorative artwork along the ceiling; she covered her lips with two trembling fingers. “What if Blair, who has always held me in the highest esteem, knew how dingy my white skirts really are?”
“I’m so sorry, I had no idea.” Nina dropped her head.
A strong breeze blew in interrupting the moment and giving Carla a chance to shake it off. She sat up, took a deep breath and spoke out with a sudden zeal in her voice, “Well, the other news is, you’re getting the younger one. But! I was told he is white as chalk with raven black hair. It’s said he has never seen the sun in his life. They say the crest on his cheek has turned blood red and it drips.” They both gag and laugh loud and obnoxiously.
The breeze brings a bouquet of wildflowers, stimulating the optimistic part of Nina’s mind. Carla added more, “Oh, I was also told, he has no white in his eyes.”
“What!” Nina jumped to her feet, “He’s a demon!” She started to pace back and forth with her hands on top of her messy head of hair. “What to do, what to do, what are we going to do? Our lives were so simple just days ago and now look at us. I have to marry a Towten demon, and we can’t wait for him to get here.”
She fan shook her hands and put them on her hips, and she thought out loud, “Calm down! Calm down! First things first, staying alive. We are going to have to use this demon.” She blew at a ringlet that had fallen in her face. She folded her arms and started to plot, plan and calculate.
“I must be beautiful, more beautiful than anything he has ever seen, and if he never goes outside, it doesn’t sound like he’s seen much.”
Carla chuckled and sat up, “Your wardrobe has some of the most beautiful things I’ve ever seen. None of the really pretty things ever fit me anymore.”
Nina stopped pacing, looked her sister up and down and giggled. “Ha, yours is just as beautiful as mine.” Then with eyes as big as saucers, a bright thought entered her mind. “Oh my god, I have an idea… I’ll wear one of Mother’s dresses… The one!”
Carla’s jaw dropped, “The one! Where is it?”
Nina covered her mouth and shook her head. “I haven’t seen anything of hers since she died.”
Carla headed to the door, “After all these years, he must have packed it away somewhere. I’ll find it. The dress has a king’s ransom sewn onto it.” She stopped short and turned with a big question on her face. “Do you think you are strong enough to stand and walk in that dress?”
Nina’s eyes wandered then she answered, “Hopefully!”

26.
HEART SINKING
Early in the morning before a bird had a chance to peep, and the sun was far from cresting the mountains, Von stole out on to the dark lonely road. He had covered his horse, boots, saddle and himself with dust and a dab of mud here and there. He covered his head with a dirty black throw and made for the town in the far off distance.
Closer to town he saw large mounds, hundreds of them and before the sun could reveal any color on the enormity, he made the mounds out to be tents. In his life, he had never imagined such a ghastly sight.
His mouth went dry as fear tumbled around in his gut. He took a deep breath, but it was short and sharp. Outnumbered was not the word, he thought, what on earth do they expect to find in TowHummy to bring such an army? Just who do they think we are? There must be ferocious tales of dragons or an army of demons, he thought, and the one place to find out was just up ahead.
By the time he reached the town, the shops were just starting to open, and streets were starting to buzz with the morning business. Tired and hungry for a real meal he stopped at an inn. Inside it was quiet and almost deserted, so he took a seat in a corner. I won’t do much spying in here, he thought.
A fat maiden with a pretty face came to his table with a jug of water. “Well don’t you look tired and grubby too. Been on the road a few days, hey? Well, you get a bath for two pings, and I’ll rub your back down if you’ve got a piece of silver.”
Von kept his head covered, “No, I need a room, meat, and bread.”
She filled a cup with water, “Good enough stranger, you’re just in time. My bread’s just coming out of the oven.”
Von leaned back and looked at how filthy his hands had become without his gloves. He controlled the smile trying to ripen on his face. “If anyone had any idea who and where I am right now.” His blood rushed at the thought. But then again he would have to make it back home to tell the story and then again would this be considered brave and courageous or foolhardy and insane, he chuckled to himself.
The maiden returned with his meal and ploped it down with a sigh, “You can have the room at the top of the stairs.” She put her hand out to be paid and spewed sarcasm, “It’s empty, I haven’t cleaned it yet, but it’s not like you’ll know the difference.”
He nodded and handed her a broken piece of silver, she inspected it. He broke the bread with his soiled hands, “I’ll have my change please.”
“Cheap Dirty drifters!” She spat and walked away.
Confident that he had her fooled, he went up to the room and laid down just to rest but fell asleep, only to be awakened by the commotion below. There was laughter and the clamor of cups and shouting. He got up, his heart pounding; a quick look out the window and the sun told him most of the day had gone.
Below he saw two men eyeing his horse near the stable. There was no way to hide the fact that even covered with dust, she was fine and beautiful. He watched until they walked away.
Putting his ear to the floor, he could hear lots of conversation, but it wasn’t clear. He covered his head and joined the ruckus downstairs. He was stunned to find the room that only a few hours ago had been so quiet, was now a roaring festivity in full swing.
With the freshness of morning gone, the inn looked and smelled a lot darker. It was crowded with drunkenness, sweat, and smoke. Von took a spot at the bar. The bartender approached, and Von plopped down a silver ping. “Ale.”
Unable to see his face clearly the bartender got a little nosy, “So you’ve been riding long stranger? You’re looking a bit worn.” Von nodded his head but said nothing. He looked at the ale like it was going to be hard to fake the need to drink from the filthy cup, but took a thirsty gulp. His grubby appearance put off the bartender, and he moved on.
Von turned his attention to a nearby table with lots of laughter and loud talking. A fat man with a balding head cried out toward a pretty young maiden that even Von had taken notice. “Now that Ruby is more my type of woman.”
A younger man at his table replied, “Just how much gold do you plan on getting? Cause you need a lot of it to pay for that dream you’re having.” The table erupted in laughter.
A gray headed one added, “Hell, nobody has that much gold… yet.”
The fat one looked off in deep thought, “Oh when I get mine. I plan to buy lots of land with a big cottage.”
The young one leaned into the table, “They said there is some of the best farmland and the finest cottages and you can just take them.” He slammed his fist down on the table. “Maybe I’ll take three!”
The gray one shook his head and sighed, “Well you two have plenty of time to think of it. When they said burn a forest, I had no idea I would be lugging barrels of oil to do it. It is a bewitched forest, you burn a mile, and in the morning half of it has grown back.” They snorted and howled.
The young one asked, “What kind of people would live hidden away, back up against those cold mountains anyway? Von flinches, how he would love to show him.
“Somebody trying to hide and hoard a lot of gold, they have gems too, as big as your fist. The fat one interrupted, “I only need one and one of these…” He reached out and grabbed a barmaid who let out a scream and ended it with a laugh as she spilled the cup of ale she carried.
She sat the cup down, and with her hands on her hips she flipped her hair back and shook her breast at the same time. “I wouldn’t mind a little of that witch water. You put it on your face, and you never get old. They say the cryistlum prince is still alive. I just want to live to be a hundred and look as good as I do today.” She was loud enough to get the entire tavern riled up whooping and hollering,
The young one ran his hand up the side of her leg, “Oh now I don’t believe any of that. You’ve taken it way too far. Witches! Besides what could ever go wrong with the pretty face you’ve got?” He pulled her in closer, and she grabbed one of the cups of ale and dumped it on his head.
“Let alone my face, you’ll never have enough gold for the behind you’re looking at.” The tavern exploded with laughter.
Von had heard enough, he didn’t want to stretch his luck. He showed a slight grin and turned to leave the bar. As he headed for the door, one drunken bum reached out to stop him, accidentally knocking his hood away from his face. He quickly replaced it, but not fast enough. Some had taken notice of the well kept hair, and although the face was dirty, there was a look, an expression, the stance, and the walk, it just didn’t add up.
The drunk slurred, “Sir, you left your drink, can I have it?” Von nodded yes and made his exit quickly.
Outside the two men were back watching as he entered the stables, but he was barely noticed by the stablemen other than to be paid. Mounted, Von departed to find the two men had become six including a soldier. Von tried to leave as inconspicuous as possible and picked up speed as soon as he was out of their sight. Then on the edge of town, he heard hooves hitting the ground hard. He pulled off the road behind a barn and watched a group that had grown into eight trolling the area. Surely, they had no idea who he was; in any case, Von decided the wait till dark.
Things seem to simmer down, and Von attempted his escape again. He left town with no problems and started to pass the army camped outside the town but didn’t count on the enormous light given off by the fire and the fact that many were still working into the night.
Trotting around and about work crews, piles of debris and scorched foliage, he tried to blend in, and then there was a loud shout. “Hey you, stop! Hey, you! Von looked back, and indeed it was them. The chase caught the eyes of a few soldiers, who joined in.
They chased Von into a blackened opening, he looked for a way out and found a burnt out thicket to get lost in, and after a few moments, it seemed as if his pursuers had given up, but Von’s heart started to pound when it became apparent why. He had ridden into a fiery death trap. There was no way out, he had gone too far too fast. Flames shot up and he was surrounded. His horse began to panic and was out of control. The smoke was blinding and suffocating, he found it hard to stay mounted with its bucking and kicking in a frenzied fight to escape.
Death flashed into his mind, he looked up to heaven and asked, is this how you’ll take me? The answer came back, no, seeing the fullest moon surrounded by the blackening smoke, he saw treetops, the mountainside was right near. He raced in that direction and found a narrow burnt out path.
Catching its breath Von’s horse charged and hit upon a treacherous hanging ridge and took it. Steep dark and slippery the horse frantically danced its way to a more stable climb. Von, coughing, his lungs full of smoke and still blinded by burning tears from ash, he was totally at its mercy, lucky just to hang on.
As the horse climbed further and higher away from the fire below, Von got a gasp of fresh cool air, rubbing and blinking his eyes he could finally see. Snow now covered the ground, but to his disbelief, he discovered he was still being pursued. The sound of horse hooves pounding, slipping and missing with rocks being kicked off the path were steadily behind him.
Then the moon illuminated a white clearing ahead, snow glowed like daylight. But the treacherous path had not stopped his pursuers.
At the top Von’s horse calmed but as he rode out into the clearing, he heard a terrifying rumbled and cracking, he bolted the horse as a huge snow shelf started to go out from beneath them. The mountain shook with the sound of thunder, and the cries of men echoed as trees swayed in the moonlight. Then there was dead silence. On sure ground, Von dismounted to take a look but couldn’t see or hear anything, only darkness, even the fires below had gone dark.
He was shaken and weakened by the ordeal. Still coughing, his eyes burning, he reached inside his jacket for a vial of the deep blue water his Lam had given him but was shocked to find only one. He must have lost the other three in the fire, now looking he had also lost his saddle bag.
He examined his horse for injuries and tore a piece of his shirt, then poured some deep blue water and patted a few of her bad spots. He took a drink and opened up his lungs with a deep breath. That was about all he could do for the night. With a few branches and a large rock, he made lean to with a hole just large enough to see the full moon. Staring at it put him to sleep.
The morning found him catching his breath, hacking, and coughing his lungs tight, he laid still taking account of the horrific night before, almost losing his life and the loss of his saddlebags with food and more important his water. But this was a count the blessings moment, he was alive. He held the deep blue water vile over his mouth for just one more drop and got it. Outside he stretched and looked over his horse that had faired very well. During the night her wounds all but healed.
He looked at the sun rising trying to get a fix on his location and estimated it was but a mountain or two away, a day or two maybe. Before leaving he had to take one more look far, far below still not even a smolder could be seen. He mounted his horse in search of Exileland, as this would be uncharted territory.
• • •
Three days later, Von still hadn’t found his way home. The stress from the fire and the exposure to the cold had taken a heavy toll on his body. The coughing had not ceased, his nose bled, his lips were dry and cracked, and his ears rang. His body started to stiffen as the symptoms of the cryistlum started to intensify. Fearing his death, he tied himself to his horse. For should the horse return home, they would identify his corpse and lay him to rest with his brothers in Towten. He closed his eyes to blinding patches of sun drenched snow and ice.
Slumped over; Von blinked in and out of consciousness. At the mercy of his horse, she found her way down into a valley of trees with blackened trunks and soft soil. He felt the sunlight and warmth on his face but could not open his eyes. He heard water running and birds but was unable to move. He cried for help, but the words were only in his mind. He prayed, and the horse moved on. How much time had passed he had no idea, but the horse kept traveling down, down, down.
Later he was jolted awake as his horse grappled to keep its footing. By this time, he was all but entombed in his aching body, but the sound of the hooves hitting gravel and the sound of rushing water was comforting, but his outlook was still bleak.
As the horse fought to keep its traction on a hillside, Von toppled over. More wrestling and he fell to the ground with a cry he didn’t know he could give. The horse dragged him, just missing being stomped on, he hit the base of a tree and broke loose falling and tumbling down with his eyes still swollen shut and his body stiff as a dead man.
The smell and feel of gravel, the sound of rushing water approaching, alarm him to the fact that he was so close. It would be a miracle, and it was. When he finally stopped tumbling, he started to sink. It was the lake of hot black rock. The shock to his body knocked him out as a small tear of gratitude leaked from his puffy crusty eye.

27.
THE DRESS
Nina stayed cooped up in her room, watery eyed and anxious, she stared out the window far, far into the valley pondering her vulnerable future.
Meanwhile, with Blair on his way home, her sister at her back, and a plan in place, Carla went on a royal storm. Checking herself in the mirror, and then entering the great hall, she had a seat on her father’s throne. Standing were seven men and fifteen women, no one said a word.
Getting impatient, she questioned in a rude, loud commanding tone, “Where is everyone?” Her voice echoed, “I demand every royal subject to be here this instant!”
A well dressed nobleman slowly stepped forward, and bowed, “My lady, if I may, this is all that is left of the king’s… your father’s loyal subjects. Many are dead and others have fled to protect their lands and property.”
She was speechless, having always seen this room packed in the past when her father ruled. With eyes set tightly on the small group, she could see her own fears wash across their faces. At that moment her rage was replaced with compassion. “I understand your concern over the turmoil that has befallen Hummy. I called this meeting to reassure you that there is a plan in place to secure you and your families.” She smiled, and an expression of calmness replaced their fear. “Lord Blair returns with protection from Towten, once our mortal enemy, is now our one and true ally. Move in closer, and I will tell you what we must do to prepare.”
The nobles surround her, eager to hear her strategy, “Lord Blair brings with him the son of their king, betrothed as of lately to my sister. No Towten has ever entered this palace of free will. He is the first. As I understand, the Towten are a dull and boring cold people. If we are to be absorbed, I for one have no intention of losing myself to their drab way of life. We are bright and exciting, full of color and warmth. I want to spoil this young prince, so this merging will not be one sided. Yes, we want the finer things in life, and when we’re done with them, so will they. Now help me bring out your best, the finest of everything. Leave no corner unkept, no spot undusted, no jewel unworn, no silver unpolished. He doesn’t have to fall in love with my sister, but he must fall in love with us, the Hummy people.
• • •
Early the next morning, Carla moved swiftly down the halls causing any dust in the corners to dance. But as she approached her destination, her father’s room, she slowed almost to a halt.
It was a short wing consisting of five doors, two on each side and one at the end, his room. The site was grounding; the area was once alive with noise and people rushing about, voices always echoing, doors open and sunlight bouncing off mirrors kept the hallway bright till sundown.
It was midday, and the hall was dark and quiet, cold and lonely, another dose of reality hit. Get your head out of the past, she thought, you have a kingdom to save. She shrugged it off and stormed through the dark to the door.
Standing alone in front of her father’s chambers, she put her hand on the doorknob. A small lump started to grow in her throat; she swallowed it and quickly opened the door. With heart pounding anxiety she covered her mouth with both hands, then shut the door gently behind her.
Inside it was dark, she slightly lifted her nose to inhale his presence; a faint spice in the air said he’s still here. It’s unbearable, she felt the heat, her face turning red as her emotions started to erupt out of control; she dashed out of the room.
Leaning against the door she sniffled, blinked her eyes to catch any tear that may try to fall and was grateful no one was near to see her so broken, such a scene would not make her father proud, she thought. She heard footsteps, and as if possessed by a different personality, she smiled, stood tall, shook her head back and glanced at the passing servants who nod. Feeling determined she re-entered his room, reminded of how important the task at hand was.
Opening the long dark red velvet drapes exposed the room and the ghost of her mother and father to daylight. She unlocked the windows, inhaled the fresh morning air and felt the sun warm all cold and dark corners, evoking hope and possibilities.
Hot tears streamed down her red puffy cheeks and runny nose as she went through everything in sight. Happy ghost adoringly attempt to help, but she can neither see nor hear them as she went about digging in closets, under the bed, on top furniture, in boxes, trying keys in anything with a lock, but no dress was found.
At last, with her father’s room rummaged, exhausted, and flustered she laid out on a marble carved box that sat under the window. It had a nice velvety pillow top. Tired, defeated and depressed, she pondered any other places the dress may be. She started to doze off when a ghost whispered in her ear.
She had almost fallen asleep when it dawned on her that she hadn’t checked the box she was lying on. More spirits of the past appear, she and her sister, little girls climbing on the box to look out the window with their loving parents.
Carla sat up, her nose flared with a sudden fervor, she pulled the pillow off the box and looked for an opening. She tried to lift the lid, but it wouldn’t budge. Puzzled but not giving up, she mustered up all her strength and pulled the box away from the wall. It had a fine carving of roses, gold, and gemstones on its hidden side.
There was no lock, and just a bit heavy, but with an oomph, she pushed it open just enough to burst into tears again, tears of joy. The ghosts also rejoiced as her mother was suddenly wearing the dress and dancing with the king. There it was, the most beautiful garment she had ever seen and the memories came back. She pulled it out and fell back relaxed, remembering she and her sister in happier times climbing up on the box and looking out the window.
So much for the past, the present was pushing hard. She fanned her face until it looked as if she had never shed a tear. She scooped up the dress, put it back into the box and ran out the door looking for servants, “Come,” she waved, “help me to move something,”
Later Nina was stunned to see her sister enter the door with servants carrying the long jeweled carved strong box. Carla motioned for the servants to set the box on a carpet in the middle of the floor. Nina covered her mouth with both hands, with arched eyebrows she fell to her knees before the box. Carla’s face glistened with light perspiration and glowed with anticipation and excitement.
The servants left, and Carla stood eager with hands on her hips. “Open it!” With trembling fingers, Nina started to push the lid, and with an impatient sigh, Carla helped, exposing the magnificent garment. Nina’s mouth fell open with eyes so wide, the colorful gems reflected in them. “You found it she cried out, jumping to her feet she slowly pulled the stunning dress from the box, danced around and stopped at the mirror holding it up against herself. A pose this way and that, then the smile turned to one of uncertainty. She laid the beautiful thing across her bed.
Carla, busy pulling other treasures from the box, gave her sister a quick glance and read her in an instant. “Yes, I agree, it needs to be repaired in a few spots not to mention nips and tucks to make it fit you properly. Don’t worry we’ll fix it.
With her sister’s reassuring words, Nina retrieved her smile and joined Carla back on the floor digging for riches. With tears, smiles, and laughter they uncover the lost possessions of their mother, beautiful combs, boxes of rings, sets of earrings and pendants of all colors and sizes, even an assortment of crowns.
Carla pulled out a boldly carved gold box and opened it. Inside was a stack of letters tied with ribbon. “Hum, look at this, a prize indeed. I wonder what’s in these letters, could they be love letters?”
She bit her bottom lip and got Nina’s attention, who dropped the tiara from her hand and sat up on her knees. “You’re not really going to read those, are you? I mean it’s so personal, like prying into her most private life.
“Ha, I most certainly am. There is no telling what’s in these sweet letters.” She shut the box and tucked it close to her side. “For all we know, maybe mother had a hush, hush lover tucked in the closet.” The girls shook their heads in unison and exploded with giggles.

28.
THE BATH
The first baths were small, big enough for maybe five people. It was a quiet place for meditation and medicinal relaxation or an occasional romantic interlude.
When the king made plans for the restoration of the palace, his daughters made a request to enlarge the bath, but the king had sentimental reasons not to. For him it was a special place of beauty with its rose carved walls and stained glass windows overlooking green pastures, blue skies, mountains, and countless memories. However, impressed with the thought of his daughters’ interest in meditation and relaxation, he suggested the girls work together with an architect to help build what they really wanted.
With the father’s approval, the girls went straight to the library where there were books full of elaborate paintings with baths they had only dreamed of. Along with the architects, they drew up plans to transform their entire living area. They watched over its building closely and even lent a hand now and then. It took over a year, but in the end, it was well worth it.
Deep between their rooms, dressing rooms and handmaiden’s rooms, it lay, with stained glass doors leading out onto its own balcony. The walls were painted with a floral garden scene along with small animals and birds. That theme carried out onto the balcony. A huge fireplace kept the place warm in the winter, and heated summer rock was used to warm the pool, giving off a lovely red glow until the rock cooled and stopped bubbling. It was fed by a water wheel and when emptied the water could be channeled, and it would rumble through the palace washing every dark private corner clean.
Airy and open their laughter would carry far as the ladies played water games, cards or just chit chat and now and then rest and relaxation was the intent. Somehow their father never ventured to take a peek, even though it was rumored to be the most ornate and beautiful room in the palace and the girls spent lots of time there.
But as of lately there was little laughter and bathing was quick and uneventful, quiet and pensive. Today was no different, as Chi watched Nina’s sulking face she was at a loss as to how to help her childhood friend. First handmade to Nina and the fact that she could only speak her native language, Chi knew secrets about Nina, not even Carla would know. They could share their deepest, embarrassing, emotional and personal thoughts. Chi knew it wasn’t intentional, but after the death of Avery, Nina had shut down, her smiles were wilted, her voice frail, her eyes sunken and her frame fragile.
Chin had given his daughter orders to make her the most radiant and beautiful princess ever seen. But he hadn’t seen what she had to work with, yet he was insistent. She kept hearing his words ring in her ears. “Our lives here could depend on how well you accomplish your purpose; there is no question or excuse.”
• • •
Nina stepped slowly out of the water, her long hair strung out on pedestal combs as two of Chi’s sisters’ fan dried it. Nina held her skinny arms out for a robe and staggered, so Chi sat her down.
“Here my princess, let’s try something new, relax on the lounge chair, and we can still dry your hair. The water must have been a little too warm.” The sisters watched alarmed. Nina sunk into the cushions and the ladies took over. From head to toe they lavished her with oils and lotions, but when Chi started to work on her face, it was just impossible.
She sent a note to her father demanding that he give some guidance and direction. He returned the note with a painting of a princess from his native land. It was like nothing she had ever seen, and when she showed it to Nina, her face brightened, and she sat up, awestruck. “Chi is this how you’re going to make me look?” the question beamed a little smile and Chi nodded yes.”
In all honesty, Chi had no idea how she might accomplish such a task but to see the fire of life return to Nina’s face was all she needed to convince her she could succeed. For a flash, she marveled at the brilliance of her father, how did he know exactly what would restore Nina’s soul.
Nina ecstatically jumped off the bench and joined the sisters gathering on the balcony to study the painting and discuss ways to transform her into the Mandarin princess. Suddenly even with the red rings around her eyes, Chi could see possibilities. Surely, the sheltered Towten prince will have never seen anything like her.

29.
DONNA’S BOYS
After too many sleepless nights a restless Donna needed to find a way to reconnect with her past. What if the long lost prince of her dreams had truly fallen in love with her? Could his parents the king and queen, really remember who she was after all these years?
None of the royal family ever visited the grand palace that awaited them, not even Von had taken the time. And where her own people ignored them, others, the Hummy had stolen a peek and gone home to spread unbelievable tales of beauty and grandeur. Her answer, if her prince stayed in Towten, separated from her by a flood from the dam, he will need the healing waters. She will send a gift and what greater gift could there be than the healing waters from Exiland. So few knew such a wonderful thing existed, she thought.
• • •
Early one morning, the sun could hardly break through the thick mist that rolled over a green mountainside where three very young men, dressed somewhat like warriors, stood before Donna. Her hands behind her back she walked about them like a general carrying a scroll.
“Men, you are my strongest and bravest warriors. I have chosen you for the very important mission of getting this water, secretly to the other side. If anyone should ask, you are on the Kings business, and there should be no more questions.”
All wore a slight smile as this was a big and exciting opportunity. Donna herself hadn’t seen the palace in years, let alone these young ones chosen to go on such a quest.
She stopped and eyed each one, for not only were they chosen for their age but this was a special honor. To see Towten and the outside world, they would come back with stories that would enrich their lives for years.
A chilly breeze blew between them and cooled the heat of the anxiously beating hearts. She handed a map to Allen, the most handsome, and with a no nonsense tone and look on her face she instructed, “Follow this map. There is tell of madmen out there. So, speak to no one and stay to yourselves and you should be safe.” She took a few steps back, “By all means stay watchful. I’m confident the route I have marked out will keep you from harm.”
It was an exhilarating moment, she stared them in the eyes remembering how excited and proud their mothers were when they found their sons were taking this journey. “Are there any questions?” The boys shook their heads no. “Then off with you and make haste back as your mothers will be waiting.
The boys smiled, nod and ran for the wagon, all but one. With the others far enough away, Allen fell to one knee, took her hand kissed it and spoke up.
“My most beautiful lady, there is a matter that has pressed heavily against my heart for some time.” Such a display had Donna’s full attention. “Bearing on my return, I would love the privilege of calling upon your company, if it at all pleases you.”
Donna’s eyes grew large, and her mouth fell open. With a smile she turned away to keep from blurting out a loud laugh. “Allen.”
She lifted him up and started to walk away, and he followed. “I’m sorry if I have been to forward or if I have forgotten my place, but I see that you are alone and I…”
Donna was still smiling, “Allen! Allen, have you ever held a small child in your arms?”
Allen stood too close, he took her hand and held it close to his heart then looked deep into her eyes and answered, “No! But I would love too.”
Donna placed her hand on his shoulder, and her voice dropped in tone “Well I have! And it was you! Somehow with that in my mind, it just doesn’t seem right.”
He dropped his head, and the wind carried just soft enough to blow his thick, lush hair. The contrast in the eyes and the few whiskers scattered here and there on his developing masculine face gave rise to the thought. How angry some young girl would be should she steal him away, she giggled. “I held lots of little girls your age too. I know of two that can’t take their eyes off of you.” She pulled her hand away gently as his eyes wandered in thought. With her head tilted with a slight smirk and her hands on her hips she whispered, “Go now and be safe.”
He straightened up, lifted his head with a renewed kind of pride and ran off to join the other young men. Donna watched them until the wagon was out of sight than with a sigh she looked toward the mountains where her true love had yet to return from his dangerous journey. With a heavy heart, it seemed to be a good morning to walk the long way home.

30.
CHIN’S POTION
Carla made her way to the old side of the palace and climbed a narrow spiral staircase looking for Chin. As some of Chin’s concoctions were dangerous and explosive his quarters were far removed from the rest of the palace, a tower all to its self, dark and spooky with strange odors lingering here and there.
Carla skipped quickly up the stairs and opened the first door without knocking but calling, “Chin, are you there?” Opening the door, she found his bedroom, scant, and boring. She wasted no time there. Up a few steps to another door, she gave two knocks, and without waiting for an answer, she opened it. Now, this was a room she could spend a little time if ever given a chance. It was Chin’s personal library filled with scrolls and huge books packed with drawings and paintings, some trimmed with real gold.
Inside; she inhaled the odd sweet incense he must have burned earlier. She was in awe at the walls of secrets packed away in all those books and scrolls. She made her way to his desk and turned a page full of words she could not read, even though she spoke his language quite well. Turning another page she found a small painting of an unusual flower, but just as she slid her full skirt across the corner of his desk, taking a seat, she heard him clear his throat. She jumped, it sounded as if he was right beside her but looking around he was nowhere to be seen. But he was watching, so she was out the door and back to the purpose at hand.
Up the stairs, there was sunlight shining into the staircase as the door was now open. Pulling up her skirts she ran up, giggling to herself having just been caught snooping. She entered the doorway to the bright and cheery workshop. The place had a glass ceiling, and all the windows were open. Strange bottles of all shapes and colors dotted corners spots and areas of the large room. Books and scraps of paper were everywhere most written in Chin’s own hand. But most of the entire huge top floor was filled with plants, some seeming to be out of control growing up the walls and around the rain catchers that laced the brickwork. The place was cluttered but neat, everything in its own tight little spot, but the plants, which were beautiful.
How she wanted badly to dabble a bit, get a closer look at his beautifully odd flora or sniff a few of his peculiar looking bottles but Chin always kept a close eye on her whenever she came to visit. The same eyes were watching her now, he winked, and in his own tongue, he chuckled, “Nosey one, don’t you know, that prince is not far and there you are snooping in my desk. Carla blushed, turned away and covered her giggle.
Sitting in a somewhat cleared area on a high stool he kicked his pointed slippers with his arms crossed and shook his head. Though his wife and daughters dressed well, Chin always dressed plain, unassuming, drab with dark sometimes faded colors, but the face with the long white braid and beard, dark eyes, and bushy high swept brows gave contrasts to the face. “Come, don’t dilly, silly girl, we don’t have much time.”
He slid off the stool and pulled a small bright red bottle from his sleeve. He moved from place to place sniffing it, adding a little of this and a tad of that. He made faces and noises along the way. Depending on the smell; he leaned in or backed off. Then he took a long pin and poked it into the heart of a beautiful pink blossom, added that to the bottle and sniffed it. He moaned with delight. He inhaled it over and over until he was light-headed.
Carla placed a hand over her chest, her mouth fell ajar, and her eyes bugged. Breathlessly she asked, “Is that it?”
Chin turned to her slowly, and with a dry cough and voice he answered, “Oh yes, this is it.” Carla carefully took the bottle and gently sniffed it, again and then again more aggressively. Disappointed she shook her head and questioned, “Are you sure? I smell nothing.” Chin chuckled loudly almost losing his balance, “I would be surprised if you did.” He corked the little bottle and put it up his sleeve. “I’ll administer the bouquet, less you use too much. Then we would have to post female guards at your sister’s bedside all night.” He headed for the door with a puzzled Carla trailing. “Come, we have a long day, and I must see that the dress is restored to its original magnificence. Good thing you’re here; I need you to help me carry something.”
He floated down the stairs quickly and entered his bedroom but stopped Carla at the door, “Wait here, I’ll be just a moment.” The impatient Carla shreds a lock of her hair waiting. There was lots of noise as if a wall had moved and a few moments later he opened the door and pointed.
On the table sat a large magnificent headpiece. The sun hitting it just right, Carla could see it matched her mother’s dress but put it to shame. Like fine art she had never seen, she was speechless. She ogled and circled it a few times. It had stones fashioned to match the dress, and likewise, with the color but with detailed, intricate and delicate carving in gold, it was breathtaking.
Chin broke the silence, “It is most beautiful isn’t it?”
“Where, where did you find such a thing?” Carla stammered.
Chin sat down, “Well there is a story,” he paused for a moment gazing with the stones reflecting in his eyes. “You see, it was to be given to your father along with the dress and all the other things, but along the way it was accidentally crushed, and fearing for my life, I never told anyone it ever existed. If my emperor ever found out, I would have surely been put to death. By the time I had repaired it your mother was long gone and the dress along with her.” He looked up at Carla who had compassion in her eyes. “I don’t believe it was an accident, I think it was meant for this momentous occasion.”
“Come child, let’s blind the Towten Prince with beauty.” Carla blinked away a welling tear.
As they left the room, Carla being true to herself, just couldn’t help but notice shoe prints seemingly coming straight out of the wall. How strange, she wondered.

31.
BLAIR BRINGS GABE
The palace was a roar with activity and excitement. Carla ran through a large receiving room to a staircase, she leaned over it anxiously searching for Blair in the crowd and muddle below. Turning around, she found him standing in the receiving room with open arms.
No words were said; no kisses exchanged only the closest embrace, which refreshingly lasted too long. For the first time, there were no walls between them, no formalities, no confusion and uncertainty as to whether their feelings were true. The world had changed for them, and there was no place for flirtatious games and folly, they had a kingdom to save. There was no Avery to turn too, no loud voice that made people tiptoe when he was near, no deep well of experience and knowledge to confidently draw from. The weight of their kingdom was now on their shoulders and in this embrace, was a strength, a knowing, a glow of well-being.
The moment was interrupted by servants bringing in, loads of Towten gifts from the caravan and lining them up on the open floor. She pulled away, with a smile but her glossy eyes and the rosy color of her nose was revealing. She beckons him to a quiet corner of the room where she could bleed her anxiety with a little privacy. With a slight whimper in her voice, she nervously danced about him, rubbing her hands together, professing. “What took you so long, I was so worried,”
Blair never lost his smile as she persists. “Chin told me so many horror stories, I wasn’t sure what to think.” She threw her head back and looked at Blair squarely. “And Father!… He said nothing. I knew something was wrong, but… We kissed him good night and the next morning… If I had known…
But the pain in her face wiped the smile from Blair. He took her by the shoulders and spoke in a low soft tone, his eyes heavy into hers, “What?… What would you have done? Do you think he wanted his last days with you to be sad? Do you think he wanted to see bright beautiful smiling faces or faces full of tears and pain?”
She turned her back. There was something different about him, a masculine depth he shared with the king but never with her. There was a strength, an aura just like her father, that look in his eyes, one just for her and another for the rest of the world. “I wish you had been here. The people were confused. I felt lost. I really needed you.”
He watched her as if he hadn’t heard a word she said. He knew what he was looking at. He had expressed his pain with anger and frustration, she expressed hers with fear and uncertainty and well founded. But like her father, these joyous moments were all he had. As soon as she turned her back, there was nothing to smile about.
Ever so slightly he fluffed her somewhat loose hair. She turned to find him upon her, wearing a tender smile again. He placed her hand on his chest, “My dearest, I am sorry, believe me, I so wanted to be here for you. Your protection will and is always first and foremost on my mind and heart.”
Looking into his handsome face, her breath shortened. She felt the heat, was embarrassed and with a huge smile and a burst of excitement, cried out, “It’s overwhelming.” She pushed away and took a twirl down a row of Towten gifts.
“The Towten! Where is he? I have turned this place upside down in preparation for his arrival. We have laid out a huge feast in his honor, and every noble face and his long hair is here to get a glimpse of him.”
Blair laughed loudly, “Oh! There was no need. Towten are rather dark in color and sparse when it comes to glamor.”
With hands on her hips, she looked and walked along the crates bulging with color. “Towten is drab?… Even the women?”
Blair tilted his head and raised a brow, “I’m afraid so, but they make up for it in other ways.”
Carla frowned, her eyes wandered in thought, then she rushed him, “Will we have to leave our beautiful home?”
“Hopefully, for just a short time.” He gave a nervous snicker.
She put her arms around him and held him tighter than ever, pulling back just far enough to leave his eyes nowhere to run, then demanded, “Swear to me you will never leave me again.”
Blair took the moment and gave her a hungry kiss and squeezed tightly, trying to change the subject, lest she caused him to lie. Blair himself had not the slightest idea what the future held. “Come my sweet one; show me what you have prepared for the Towten.”
Under the current circumstances, even Carla would have been surprised if Blair had granted that promise and though she smiled, deep inside she wondered about this new Blair. I wish my father were here, how I would love to talk about Blair, she thought.
Arm and arm they made their way through heaps of gifts that filled the room. Carla’s eyes bounced about, she could hardly wait to dig in.

32.
NINA IS DRESSED
The bath and dressing room areas were abuzz with handmaids polishing stones in the dress, making repairs and alterations. All the jewel boxes are open, and everything seemed to be out of place. Garments hung from the walls, strings of pearls covered tables and hung off chairs, gold rings, hair combs and gems flung about everywhere. To all this add a heap of chatter.
In a corner near the pool, Nina found a quiet spot to relax her stressed and frazzled mind. A cool towel covered her face as she laid limp and dozed off.
Later she is awakened by warm hands massaging her feet, and a soft voice calling, “Sweet one, wake up, it is time. Nina slowly pulled the towel from her face. Although the nap seemed short, it had been refreshing. Sitting up and opening her eyes she found all her handmaids lined up quietly waiting. The noisy chaos, clutter, and disorder had vanished. Nina wondered if she was still dreaming.
She stood up, and like bees to honey, they crowded her. Some worked on her hair, some her nails some with her first garments. Then Chi set her near a window for light, along with the painting of the Mandarin Princess. She motioned for her makeup palette and placed Nina’s head on a pillow and smiled softly. “Now, I want you to close your eyes and stay very still, imagine you are in a place of heavenly splendor.”
Nina closed her eyes and Chi went to work carefully studying the face in the painting and painstakingly replicating it. They crush butterfly wings for their vibrant colors, and each had to be perfect, each line precise and flawless, so not to disappoint her father. When she was done, Nina had no mirror, but there was such praise among the maidens she dared not look.
Now it was time to put on the dress of dresses. It fit perfectly but was heavy on her shoulders, she sat down for the jeweled slippers and glanced up into a huge mirror.
It looked like a great wall painting. The beauty was overwhelming and filled her heart and her eyes. Chi panicked, “Sweet one, you mustn’t cause a tear, my father, and your sister are on their way, and if they should see, it may be cause for a scolding.” She tightened a curl at Nina’s ear. “And I don’t think you can run in that dress.” Nina giggled, don’t worry I will do nothing to ruin your breathtaking work. I was just awestruck; in my life, I have never seen anything like it.
Moments later a maiden ran to Chi and whispered. Chi took Nina by the hands. “Come; your sister and my father are waiting.”
Two maidens opened the double doors, and a radiant Nina entered the room. Carla’s mouth fell, Chin’s face lit up, and Nina’s eyes were fixed on the elaborate headpiece resting on a table.
Chi approached Chin, braced, “Father, are you pleased?
Humm, He clasps his hands behind his back and circled Nina looking her over meticulously, every now and then nodding and smiling, “Yes, Yes it is perfection. He stepped back with his fist on his hips for a fuller view.
He turned to the table, “And now for the crowning.” He picked up the headdress and placed it on her head. They all stood back, it was bedazzling. Nina turned around to face a mirror and was humbled at the sight of herself and all the work and effort that had gone into making this magnificent moment. She dropped her eyes and when she looked up again her sister’s reflection was giving her a stern and disapproving look.
Nina turned to face her, put her nose in the air and arrogantly looked her up and down with her eyes only. Carla was pleased.
“One more thing” Chin shouted, he pulled the little red bottle from his sleeve, held his breath and put a drop at the dip in her throat, and it ran down the cleavage of her breast. “In a few moments, the pheromone should be active and will last just until the moon starts to fall.” Chin stood back to marvel at his genius. “Yes, yes, now you are sublime.” He sighed and clasps his hands together.
“Where is he now?” Nina asks.
“They have finished dinner. They’re being entertained by Certittin and her cats.” Nina giggled, and with eyes wide, she covered her mouth, “What shall I say? What do I talk about? I don’t want to look blunt-witted.
Carla laughed, took her by the hand, quickly looked her over and marveled, “Say anything, say nothing, it won’t matter, the poor soul doesn’t stand a chance. No Hummy has ever seen such a stunning sight, let alone a shut-in Towten prince.”

33.
NINA GETS GABE
The dinner hall was slowly clearing of Hummy nobles, and after Blair excused himself, the two Towten were finally alone to speak freely. Flinging his hands open, Del ask, “So where is your bride?”
With wide eyes scanning the vacant room, Gabe’s voice echoed. “Humm, I have to admit I am becoming a little antsy. Her sister is quite beautiful; leading me to believe my bride should be somewhat attractive.”
Before Gabe could say another word, the sound of footsteps coming their way caught their attention.
It was a young boy. “Sir, could you please follow me, my princess requests an audience with you.” As both men rose, the young boy shook his head, “No, I’m sorry, just the Prince, please. She only wants to see him.”
A touch put off, Del blew out. “I guess I’ll go to my room. Are you sure you feel safe, I mean I trust Blair, but…”
Gabe smiled “If they wanted to kill us, we’d be dead.”
The young boy took Gabe down a hall and into what looked like a small ballroom. Led to a bench, he had a seat.
“She will call you shortly.” The boy bowed and left.
Gabe felt a combination of anxiety and weariness. He leaned his head back and closed his eyes. A gallery of the highlights of the day crossed his mind. Despite being always alert and a tad on edge, the experience so far had been quite amusing. The pageantry of introductions, people, stories, and plans, he found this culture was fascinating. Just looking at the way they adorn their long hair, it had to take hours. Could they have just done that for this occasion? And the food, he had never seen such a spread, even on his father’s birthday. Who takes the time to paint flowers on cakes and glaze lamb with honey? And then there was Blair, graciously assuming royal food taster.
Blair, who is this man? What are his…?
At that moment, the prince was abruptly awakened by a tap on the shoulder. “Forgive me, but my princess awaits you on the balcony.” The boy pointed.
Gabe barely caught a glimpse of a shimmering rainbow of colors slip out the door and into the sunset. He hastened to the doorway, not wanting to let whatever he saw get away, as it had that magical kind of look.
Stepping onto the balcony, he was stunned by its beauty. The fairly open roof was supported by eight pillars, each covered with winding rose vines with large pink blossoms in full bloom.
The furniture was carved alabaster, all with a rose motif. He saw no fireplace, but huge brass urns full of ash gave him a hint.
The shimmering gem had her back to him, facing the sunset. Gabe took the opportunity to scrutinize her extraordinary gown and head dressing. It was indeed magnificent, like nothing he had ever seen, and he wondered, why his bride to be, needed something so elaborate to distract him from what?
The sun was setting in Nina’s eyes, but she wasn’t watching it. The Towten was the only thing on her mind. I am a Hummy Princess, and I will act like one. I know who I am and I will be myself whether he likes it or not, and should the latter be the case, I will have done my best. She slowly turned, and without a smile, faced him.
The look in her eyes and her nose in the air put them both in their place, and for an instant, the blood of their ancestors simmered in their hearts.
But seeing his boyish dress and clean shaven young appearance turned her heat down. Stepping closer; she checked the whites of his eyes and the small exquisitely done crest on his cheek. Ah! He’s my age; she thought, he’s just a young pup. Never the less, as she measured his shoulders with her eyes, he’s quite masculine and handsome. I wonder if you have any hair on your chest under that too tightly buttoned up jacket Towten? The look on his face made her feel uneasy. It was as if he could read her mind.
But Gabe wasn’t reading her mind, but trying to grapple with his own. A breeze had blown a scent that traveled up his nose and into his brain, bewitching him. The unreasonable urge to inhale more was overwhelming. Visions of himself falling into her arms as if she were a heavenly puff of cloud, tugged on his thoughts. Then he caught himself as if the scent had worn off.
Just realizing her face was now up in his, he had no smile but wondered, “What are they trying to do to me?” The potion blew its way into his mind again, and Nina’s face got his attention. It was so fine, so perfect, every line was flawless. In the mitts of the masterpiece was a human face of beauty.
Finding it hard to keep his focus, a streak of anger cleared his head; he flared his nostrils and narrowed his eyes in a struggle to stay alert.
Still uneasy from the look on his face, Nina pointed to a bench, “Please have a seat.” She gave a pleasant smile.
His eyes still heavy on her, he nodded and stepped back as she passed. Now untrusting, he held his breath but not long enough. The scent was so intense, he fell slightly off balance.
The sun now low, poured its molten gold over the top of the mountains. Reflecting in his eyes, it was awe-inspiring, a feeling of wellbeing, a blissful contentment came over him. Feeling strong and confident, Gabe sat, as the dazzling stones in the tail of her dress drug across his shoes.
Nina took a seat in the throne chair, and after a moment she broke the silence with only a whimper of a voice. “My father loved sitting here. She was cut short when servants rushed in and out, lighting the urns and leaving a tray with decoratively carved fruit, wine, and two goblets.
She had no idea how powerful she looked sitting on the throne with full flaming urns on both sides. Gabe spoke up confidently, “We were sorry to hear of Avery’s death, especially in these uncertain times.”
Nina looked up into the now dark sky, “My father wanted to meet the Bald One, but I understand he too is no longer with us.”
Gabe gasp, her words stunned him out of his blissful calm. “What! Madam, I know of no such thing. I have only just seen him days ago, and I assure you he was fit.”
Nina’s mouth fell ajar. “But I assure you, I would not say such a thing if I were not certain, is he not a cryistlum?”
Her words put a wrinkle in Gabe’s brow as he questioned his beliefs. Could this explain his brother’s strange behavior in his office and the look on his face at the announcement dinner? No, he didn’t look like a cryistlum, she must be wrong, he thought.
Nina’s expression demanded a response, and with certainty, he answered. “Madam my brother is fine, he is not here, but he has his reasons.”
Sitting a little taller, she clasped her hands, and after a quiet moment, she asked. “Your brother is responsible for dishonoring us to the point of desecration, he terrorized our villages, yet my father admired him. Why do you think that is?”
Gabe had nothing to say, but in his mellow state, he held an ever so slight smile. Approaching him, her gaze was tender and loving, her voice sounded tranquil but inquisitive. She touched his face gently, looking at the crest. Gabe’s eyes followed hers, he spoke just above a whisper, “It is placed there to remind me every time I look in a mirror, I can never escape who I am or my duty to my people.”
Nina stepped back and arrogantly spouted off, “Mine is on my shoulder, but it’s only there to remind me I am a princess and I can have anything I desire in my kingdom.”
Appalled, the young prince lashed back, “No! That’s not why it’s placed there. It’s to remind you… that you carry the burdens of your people on your shoulders.”
Nina turned her head quickly to hide an embarrassing smile. Gabe stood ready for whatever she might throw next. She rushed him again, he caught a whiff of the potion and couldn’t feel his heartbeat. Her face in his, she asked with smiling eyes. “Is it true that your crest is placed on your forehead when you are born and by the time you’re seventy it’s swallowed up by your navel?”
Just as his mind started to float like a cloud, the question totally jarred the young prince out of her spell. Dumbfounded, he belted out, “No! She turned her back to him and smothered a giggle. Gabe narrowed his eyes and came back with a wide smile and tilt of the head.
“Tell me madam, is it true that you receive your Crest on your shoulder when you’re born and by the time you’re seventy it’s swallowed up by your…
“No!” she screamed and cut him off, but she couldn’t hide her smile. With eyes wandering she sat on the bench close to him.
The potion blew into his mind again, and Gabe had a cozy Towten smirk and positioned himself to keep her in full view.
Nina asked, “Is it true the Bald One sat at the table and had dinner in the presence of the King, your father, with his head clean shaven?”
Gabe fumbled with his hat and chuckled, “That sounds like him.”
With alluring eyes, she asked, “My father wanted me to marry the Bald One, but never mentioned you. Why would that be?”
His voice lowered and composed, he tried to reassure her. “These are extraordinary times for all of us. As my brother so firmly put it, all our lives we have been trained, bread and pampered to this end. We must do our duty as rulers to unite this valley. He reached for her hand. She gently recoiled, rising and reaching the edge of the balcony, she stared at the full moon, now glowing almost as bright as the sun, her dress, shimmering in the moonlight otherworldly, not as it had earlier glimmered in the sunset. Lost as to what to say next, Gabe sat silent.
With her back turned, she spoke softly. “They’re going to kill us.” She took a deep breath, her body quaked with her heartbeat, waiting to hear his response. Is he here to rescue us or not, she wondered, and froze.
Without warning his lips were at her ear. Standing close behind her He whispered endearingly. “I know, that’s why I’m here, to rescue you. I have a plan.”
A small tear lingered in Nina’s eye but didn’t run out. She exhaled deeply and dared not turn around. The heat of the moment activated the potion to new heights. Without touching her, Gabe put his nose behind her ear and inhaled her helplessly.

34.
GABE MEETS CHIN
Early the next morning, Del was awakened by a loud and angry roar. He grabbed his blade and dashed through the door that connected his room to Gabe’s. In his long gown and with his blade held high ready for battle, Del cried out. “Gabe? What, what is it?”
Gabe was hunched over a mirror. The long stripes of the back of his gown was all Del could see. With a quizzical face and messy hair, he put down his blade and asked again, calmly. “Gabe are you ill? What’s wrong?”
Gabe slowly turned around and there, on one side of his nose was the biggest red, sore, pulsating pimple, either young man had ever seen.
Gabe raged, “Why! Look at this damnable thing! I need to look like a man! Not some… wimpy boy!” He slammed his fist on the table.
Del’s face turned red trying not to laugh, but Gabe saw through him. “Are you laughing?”
Del retreated, circling back and forth examining the mass. “No! Of course not! But some of the things we ate last night… I’ve never seen before. Strange food can be tricky. He tried to sound empathetic, but he couldn’t drop the smile. He shifted his eyes and pulled on what few whiskers he had, trying to distort his face, but his smile only got bigger.
Gabe studied him for a moment, “You are laughing at me.”
Del put both hands up in defense as Gabe got closer. He made his way to a large table in the middle of the room when Gabe started to chase him causing them both to laugh loudly, and for a second it was as if they were just boys again.
Gabe stopped and shook his head, “No one can see me like this, I mean no one. You must tell them all, I’ve taken ill. I’ll just hide out a few days till this blasted thing goes away.”
Suddenly there was and knock at the door. Gabe motioned for Del to open it and moved out of view. Cracking the door open he was surprised to find the Princess Nina’s smiling face.
“Good morning, has the prince awakened yet?” Her eyes wander passed Del’s head and into the room.
“Oh, and oh yes my lady. I’m afraid he has taken ill and will be unavailable for a few days.”
Nina panicked, this was no time for her prince to be sick. “Ill? He can’t get ill.” She barged into the room followed by two handmaidens. She found him sitting with his face deep in a book.
Without looking up, he deepened his voice and greeted her, “Princess, good morning.”
Looking him over with a quizzical eye she spouted, “Your man said you were sick.”
With only his eyes showing he replied, “Yes, it seems I may have had a negative reaction to some of the unusual pleasures I delighted in last night at dinner.
With one finger she pulled the book down, and all three ladies staggered at the sight of it. Gabe had never in his life felt so naked.
They stare too long including Gabe who was seeing the face of his betrothed for the first time. Still gawking, Nina was speechless, then she turned to one of her handmaidens and whispered, and the lady left straight away. Taking a closer look, even Gabe could see the white capped red mass in the reflection of their eyes. She smiled and becoming her most gracious self again, she asked, “I came to invite you to have breakfast with me later this morning.” Knowing how important it was for him to make a presents, she almost insists in a pleading tone.
Pondering the question, Gabe responds in his natural voice, “Well I.”
Her soft, innocent face was much more comforting than the perfect work of art from last night. He looked into her inviting eyes, and a faint reminder of the scent of contentment made him forget about his condition, and he answered, “Yes I think I will.”
• • •
Del popped back a step, in shock. Nina’s face burst with delight. “Wonderful, then I will see you downstairs later.” With that, she and her handmaid bounced out of the room.
Del slowly closed the door, to confront his friend. “I can’t believe you said yes.” Dropping the book and with eyes as big as saucers he confided in Del. “I couldn’t help myself, did you see the way she looked at me.”
Del blinked his eyes, “Well I think so, she’s truly beautiful and…”
Gabe interrupted, “Is she really, I wasn’t sure if it was just some kind of illusion. Could you smell her?”
“Did I smell her?” Del asked with a frown.
Gabe rose and waved his hands desperately trying to explain. “I saw her last night but not like a real person, I mean she looked otherworldly, sparkling, glimmering, floating along, she made me dizzy. Honestly, it was such a relief to see her real face, I mean I wasn’t sure what to expect.”
Gabe noted Del’s eyes spot on the zit and brought his attention back to the problem at hand. “It’s all your fault, you let her in. I’m the only member of the Royal Towten family to ever grace a Hummy Hall and look at me.”
Del shook his head with a slight smile and tried to defend himself. “I never let her in, she just barged her way through the…”
At that moment there was another knock at the door. Both men gasped, Gabe whispered firmly, “Don’t open it, I don’t care who it is, don’t open it.”
But the door suddenly flew open, seemingly by itself. Del declared his innocence, “I didn’t open it, I didn’t even touch it, look, I’m way over here.”
A modestly dressed Chin boldly entered the room and pulled his heavily jeweled fingers from his coat sleeves where he had a queer twisted little blue bottle that looked like something a witch would have. Without a greeting, he rushed Gabe, and before he could raise a hand to protest, Chin dabbed a splotch of some sweet smelling murky yellow stuff on his pulsating blotch.
“Ha,” Chin’s head bobbed as his eyes scrutinize Gabe from bottom to top. Then with a heavy accent, he exclaimed. “You count ten and clean away!” Mumbling his way to the door, he turned and held up ten fingers and cried out, loudly, “Ten,” then vanished out the door.
Gabe slowly nodded with his hands still up for cover. Del peeked out the door, then slowly closed it and rushed Gabe, “Who the hell was that and what the hell did he put on your face.” He studied the concoction closely.
Gabe ran to the mirror with a grimace. “I have no idea, but I can feel it tingling… a lot, like its burning a hole in my face but it’s not hot.” He touched it and smeared it between his thumb and finger, sniffed it, then shook his head, “Nothing!”
Watching the Prince’s face in the mirror, Del warned with a disgusted bemused look, “I think the ten is up, you’d better wipe it off quick.”
They both ran to the water bowl, anxious to see what the yellow slime had done. Gabe delicately wiped it, and the zit was almost gone, just a slight red spot remained. Astonished they both gasp. “I don’t care what happens, we don’t leave without some of that wizard’s magic.”
Over his shoulder, Del’s reflection gave a long breathy, “Yeah.”

35.
NINA TAKES GABE FOR A RIDE
Later, Nina was on the garden balcony. She leaned forward looking at miles of green pastures and the snowcapped mountains that the sun had just popped over. There was a cool morning breeze gently blowing a few curly ringlets across her forehead. As Gabe passed through the main hall, the sunlight drew his attention, and he saw her. He stopped and watched for a moment pondering how lucky he was to have beaten his brother to such a prize. Wait till he sees how lovely she really is, he chuckled to himself.
Not wanting to disturb what looked to be such a tranquil and personal moment, he light-footed his way up behind her and enjoyed the view.
Finally, Nina noticed his hand next to hers. Startled, she turned around to find him right up on her. He didn’t move, and she didn’t push him away. Leaning as far back as possible, she clutched a large ribbon tied flower, hanging around her neck and caught her breath, “Oh, you startled me, I didn’t expect you down so soon.” Her smile was shallow, and Gabe took notice. She turned her back to him and he moved to her side. Looking out over the green rolling fields, she asked “Would you like to take a ride with me this morning? My carriage is waiting just below.
Her face brightens a little and Gabe couldn’t refuse, so with eyes focused on her tenderly he replied, “Yes, of course, I would love too.”
They took a small spiral staircase leading to a large courtyard. A beautiful open painted carriage was waiting, and a foot soldier helped her in and gave Gabe a nod and he sat down across from her. As the carriage rolled through the yard, some standing guards gave the young prince a few stern glares, which he quickly returned.
Gabe watched as Nina pulled her long beaded hair from around her wrist and set it beside her in a beehive pile. He also took notice of a strange gray haired gem beaded braid, pinned to her head like an ornament. Perhaps it came from her father, he thought. He covered every inch of her and found her fascinating. He questioned how long it must have taken to sew the colorful flowers on her dress and the braid work done in her hair. He stopped at her face.
His stare made her feel uneasy, “I take this ride most mornings, I especially love days like this one, the sky is so clear and blue, the air so fresh and cool.” She leaned back, more relaxed and Gabe leaned forward still wearing a gentle smile.
“Yes, it is most beautiful.” He admits after taking his eyes off her. Falling back into his seat, he stretched his arms out, looking around. Children were laughing, waving, and some chased her carriage. There were miles of fields full of crops, men, women, working seemingly happy with their lives.
The princess gave him a quick glance, he caught her, “The view is breathtaking, and your people seem to love you. If I didn’t know better, I would swear there were no threats.”
Out of the blue, Nina had a sudden burst of excitement. She leaned forward and clasps her hands with eyes wide and a big smile; she had Gabe’s full attention. “Gabriel, I have something to ask you. Instead of going to Towten, my sister and I would rather go to your father’s sanctuary!”
Gabe shook his head as he didn’t have a clue what she was talking about. “Sanctuary? I know of no such place.”
“No? Well last night I wanted to find out more about your brother, and you were right, he is fine. Then I was told a fascinating story, I had no idea such a wonderful place could exist.” Gabe craned forward, still looking confused. Nina lost her smile and started to doubt herself, her shoulders fell. “Maybe it’s not true. But God I wish it was. See that’s why your brother is still alive. He gets down on his knees to a black rock.”
Gabe chuckled, “My sweet Nina, what are you talking about? My brother wouldn’t get down on his knees to a solid gold rock if it saved his life.”
Nina, now sitting almost on the edge of her seat, got excited again, “Oh, I was told your father has a hidden kingdom. All your orphans from the failing and those families that have lost their fathers in war live there in peace, even Hummy live there.” She searches his face sincerely, “Gabe, the outlanders kill our people in the fields. They steal women and young girls and, and… if they get away, they run home, only to be socialy outcast. It’s shameful really, often they take their own lives.” The excitement returned, “I was told many of the missing had gone to this sanctuary and live happy lives.” She dropped her head, then looked away, disillusioned and frustrated.
Gabe, regretful that he spoiled her fantasy and took her hand, “It’s a wonderful dream my princess, and it could be true. My father and brother keep many secrets from me… I hope this story is one.” then he added, “Tell you what! If such a place really exists, I’ll find it. Your dreams are now my dreams.”
Nina forced a hopeful smile. The look of sincerity in his eyes was awakening. This is real, she thought. She had expected him to carry-on coarsely, non-caring, after all, she was just a woman and this marriage was all arranged by people that only recently stopped loathing each other, it was all about war and power, she barely expected him to sigh in her direction. Yet here he was, friendly, warm and responsive and handsome to boot. Could I be so lucky she wondered, surely the Balled one would not be so warmhearted.
“So, tell me about your brother. What’s he like?” She tried to brighten and change the subject.
Gabe; trying his best to keep her mind off his brother, shook his head, wrinkled his nose and cries out. “Bald, bald all over!” Nina looked disgusted for a second, and then they erupt with laughter.
Gabe took the moment to pull the spotlight off his brother, “On my side of the valley, we haven’t forgotten a noble and courageous Hummy who made the first moves toward peace, by walking into an enemy camp and warning them of a new and vile adversary. If I’m not mistaken, it was Blair who suggested joining forces, and look at us today.” Gabe had a sparkle in his eyes when he spoke.
Calming a little, Nina added, “You say this place is so beautiful, it is and bountiful, but it wasn’t always that way.” Gabe listened attentively.
“Our people were hungry, and our fields were filled with weeds, our children were sick. My home, that beautiful palace is almost new.” She looked far off and talked to the thin air. “The old one was never repaired after the earthquake. It was always cold and damp. Life was almost depressing except that I was a princess. I had whatever I wanted, of what we had, and that was nothing. I never knew how poor we really were and how wonderful it could be until…” Her gaze left the sky and fell into Gabe’s eyes. “Until, your brother.”
“Some of our bravest men lost their pride, their hair. They would no longer serve or hold any rank. Shamed, they went back to their families and out into the fields to work.” She narrowed her eyes in deep thought. “Slowly as if a spell of love and life had fallen upon our land we were all blessed. It was as if we had been living in the dark for years and suddenly the sun came out.”
Her face had no expression as if she were looking into the past, and then focusing in on Gabe, she shared the thought. “I think my father had a special place in his heart for your brother.” Gabe took her hand again, “Is there no special place for me in your heart?” Caught off guard Nina giggled, “I’ll try to find one.” She put her hand to her breast for a spell, “Let’s see… no, my piglet has that spot.” She moved her hand a little. “Oh, here’s one. It’s kind of dusty.” She blushed, and couldn’t look him in the face. “But there’s lots of room to grow.” Her eyes bounced back, and he loved it.
Nina told the driver to stop at what looked like an enclosed temple of some kind. It was well guarded. He followed her as she lit a torch that illuminates a mausoleum. The huge carved marble tombs were surrounded by treasure.
Nina wound her way to one spot and mounted a torch on the wall. Gabe bumped into a golden shield. “Watch your step, our treasure is also kept here; we believe our dead keep guard. Here they are.” She stood between two finely carved tombs covered with dead flowers; “I wanted you to meet my family. This is my mother, and this is my father.” She leaned over the likeness of her father while Gabe noted the resemblance between Nina and her mother.
Starring at her father, her lips start to tremble. The moment touched Gabe’s heart deeply. She is mine now, and I must let her know I am here for her, he thought. He felt the ghost of her ancestors rise around them. And he was there, a Towten was there to make things right.
Seeing she could take no more, his eyes soft with compassion, his voice even softer, he whispered, “Nina?” She turned away, not wanting him to see her so weak, this was not her, but she felt as if she were about to shatter. Gently he took her hands and seriously studied her face.
“Nina, I am here for you. You are to be my wife. Let me comfort you. I, I am here to assure you in all matters. From now on, I am the one you come to.” He reached his arm around her tense body and held her tightly until the tears started to fall freely. When she relaxed, he felt the bond was made, closed his eyes and kissed her forehead. Then with a Towten smirk, he whispered to himself. “My hairy little Hummy princess.”

36.
VON AND DONNA
Donna kept herself busy in an attempt to rid her mind of negative thoughts and feelings as to what may have befallen Von. He was way overdue. She spent a lot of time down by the cottage, and it would be the first place he would stop when he returned. Could I have missed him, she wondered, but he wouldn’t leave without talking to my father? It was vexing.
Late one afternoon, Donna and Lori a handmaiden, stepped out on the cottage porch. Donna placed her hands on her hips and looked out into the openness with a worrisome frown. Lori carried an empty basket in her arms as they were headed to harvest a nearby tree of its special fruit. “Don’t worry my lady, if he is all the man you say he is, what harm could come to him?”
Lori’s words were encouraging, and Donna sighed and smiled, but looking past her, she glimpsed a horse in some tall grass further up the road. The look on Donna’s face caused Lori to turn, she dropped her basket as Donna dashed out after it and found Von’s gloves still tied to the saddle.
Frantic with hands shaking she spun in circles calling his name out loud. With no response, she took his horse and rode back up the hill where she had a full view of the landscape below. Far down the cliff side, she saw a partly dressed body lying floating near shore. There was no easy way to reach it. She would have to do some climbing, and that took time.
When she reached cliff bottom, the body was gone, could it have drifted off and sank? Only a scorched torn shirt rocked back and forth, still floating near the shoreline. Dropping her skirts and slippers, she stepped into the warm water. Although it looked black, it was clear when you stepped into it. She could see her feet and a body if there were one.
Donna’s heart started to break as reality dawned. What were the chances, the body looked dead, but then again this was healing waters, he must be alive, she thought. There were many huge black rocks, and she held her heart and checked them all, knowing he had to be behind one of them. She was right, there he lay on a half submerged slab, drying in what was left of the day’s sun.
With her troubled heart put to rest, a question came to mind. Should I take this moment to look him over, maybe even get a peek at the cryistlum on his chest. Or leave him and his personal treasures to himself. But being the woman she was, the urge was irresistible.
Still waist deep in the water, she made her way to the stone bed. She could see his body breathing, and his face was turned away from the sun. Slowly she waded the water to the sleeping Von, for a closer look, as Donna had never seen a man’s body before.
Von had numerous healed wound marks, dark hair covered his chest, arms, and face. But nothing could take her eyes off the shimmering blue gray slash. She had to move in for a closer look. No hair grew near it, and it lay open as if it had never been sewn closed. The edges were jagged and curled under, it sparkled like gem dust.
Von’s rest and recovery ended abruptly when Donna cast a shadow across him, causing a cool spot. Opening his eyes, he saw the silhouette of a person leaning in for the kill. He leaped up from his rock bed knocking his frighten attacker into the water, where with a face full of rage, he had them by the wrist with one hand and his fist ready to strike with the other.
Donna screamed as she had never been so frightened in her life. In an instant, he caught himself and staggered at the sight of a dripping wet and terrified Donna.
He let go of her, and she backed off with eyes wide, “No, please” he cried and grabbed her hand before she could run. “Donna, what are you doing here?” With hearts pounding and bodies dripping, time stood still long enough for her to hear his voice, turn and see his face. The crazed beast had gone, the brow had softened, and his roar had faded to just above a whisper.
The tearing-up in her eyes was breaking his heart. The damage was done, his worst was exposed, she had seen him at his meanest and add to that she had seen the cryistlum.
Shivering from inside out, she whimpered, “I thought you had drowned.”
Von took this moment to pull her in for comforting. For as mean as he could be, for all the harsh coldness and cruelty he could bestow, he also had a flair for the opposite. With a close embrace, he sought to soothe, console and ease her fears. “You came for me? My poor sweet Lam.” He nuzzled her wet head.
He pushed her back to get a look in her eyes, holding her at the shoulders, he found her eyes were wide and tightly fixed on the cryistlum. “It’s a most beautiful thing,” she spoke blankly as if the past few minutes had never happened.
“I didn’t plan for you to ever see it,” he whispered hopefully, knowing there were few who had ever seen it, but everyone wanted to.
With eyes still fixed and before he could respond, she frowned and with one finger, ever so slowly sought to touch it. “But it’s the most horrible thing I’ve ever seen.”
Von sunk inside, with his face covered in pain, he struggled to recover. He gently took her hand, resistant with her fingers spread apart and pressed it against the cryistlum. “I am still human.”
It felt hard, cold, nonfleshy and alien, but she could also feel his heart pounding in his chest. Looking up into his wet face, his wet eyelashes stuck together with the softest pleading smile, she replied. “Yes, yes you are.”
He ran his thumb over her full lip and looked deep, the smile faded, and his heart flooded. It felt so right. She belongs to me, she always has, he thought. But why now, now that I’m a walking dead man. Where were you when I was young and virile? Her father has seen me at my worst, he could hate this. He could say no, but I don’t care what he says.
He pulled her closer, her hand left the cryistlum and slowly ran over his battle torn shoulder. They closed their eyes for a warm tender kiss. As he wrapped his arms around her, she relaxed her still spread apart fingers and held on tight to the thick wet dark hair at his neck. “Is this real.” she thought, Could I really be kissing my dream? I don’t care whether it is or not, I’m in love… right now. He sensed it in her touch, and the tender kiss became a ravenous, luscious, feast. She held his face as if not to get enough, so perfect a kiss was intoxicating, causing moaning sounds of sensuous pleasure.
Then the sun dipped behind the mountains, he looked at her like a lion about to eat her alive, and she eagerly surrendered.

37.
VON ASKED
Donna was still spellbound on their way back to the cottage. She couldn’t take her eyes off his big masculine hands and arms wrapped around her, as they shared his horse. Her body tingled from head to toe. She felt renewed, found, valuable, desirable, needed, blessed and happily in shock that she was the one. How could it be that my hero found me hidden away after all these years and he picked me to be the one? She wondered.
When they arrived back at the cottage, Lori came out from behind the fruit tree with her apron full. Both were barefooted, Von in his underwear and Donna was a mess. Her hair was loose, and her clothes were half pulled together. Lori stood with mouth ajar, and the fruit fell from her apron one by one.
Von slid off the horse and offered an explanation, “I lost my clothing.” Donna gave her a sneaky smile as he helped her down and they said no more as they entered the cottage and quietly shut the door.
Not long after, they emerge refreshed and romantically hand in hand. Finding a tree to relax under, Von leaned back and Donna against him. Although it appeared to be quiet and serene, their minds were nothing but.
He has hardly said a word, what is he thinking, she wondered. Making a commitment to me would mean leaving Towten, could he really be ready to do that? It would be a good thing as he would be close to the healing he needs. Then there’s this blasted war, I wish he would say something, she thought.
Oh, he had a lot on his mind, a lot of questions that had to be asked before this clever girl could take his heart. Resting against his chest, a breeze blew her hair softly into his face. “So, you’ve been here all alone all these years, no suitors ever approaching, that seems hard to believe,” he questioned.
“Well, most are much younger than me, but that has never stopped them from trying” she boasted.
“How old is the oldest?” He asked.
“Twenty-five are seventeen.” she replied.
Von was surprised, “Seventeen! What do they do, I’ve only seen one, where are they, in the fields?”
“Just the boys under twelve, the rest are builders, creative artisans at their work, and now you must come and see what we’ve built.”
“Indeed I will,” he whispered.
A gentle smile crossed Donna’s face as she enjoyed the magical moment, but Von’s mind was far from done with the questions. “My dearest Lam, are you sure I’m the man you want? My body is covered with more stitches than a rag doll.”
Donna put his hand close to her heart and replied just above a whisper. “And I want to kiss each and every one of them.”
Von’s eyes dart, and his mouth fell ajar, he was stunned by her response.
After another bout of silence, he confessed more. “I’m arrogant, you will never be able to tell me anything, and I talk a lot, a lot about myself.” He waited.
Donna held his warm hand against her face, with eyes closed and no smile, she answered. “And somehow, I can’t get enough of you.”
Von’s heart hammered, he could feel sweat beads on his forehead. He swallowed before he asked the next question. Donna could feel him squeeze her tighter.
I must tell you sweetest one, remember I’m a cryistlum, I have no idea how long I will live. Donna pulled away to face him, her eyes full of compassion.
“Donna, do you love me?” Von asked most sincerely. He held his breath and looked deep into those eyes and waited for her answer.
Almost in tears, she replied breathlessly, “Yes, with all my heart, I love you.”
And with that confounded question answered, Von, relaxed his shoulders, and his heart rate fell with a sigh. Then suddenly the last few hours seemed bewitched. He wasn’t acting like himself at all. Looking around, he noticed the sky was too blue, the air was too sweet with the fragrance of flowers, a bird started to chirp in the tree above and two butterflies flew by, one landing on the tip of his shoe. It was all he could do not to jump out of his skin.
Donna, on the other hand, was waiting for him to reply with, I love you too, and watching his expression change, right before her very eyes; she pushed, “Well?” Von looked back into those eyes, and saw that nothing had changed in all these years, she was still his little Lam, the one he protected, the one that followed him around lost and the one he teased.
It was all just too perfect and beautiful, so he beamed and snobbishly replied with thick sarcasm, “Madam, I have never told any woman that I loved her.” The look on Donna’s face made him explode with laughter, it was priceless.
Furious, she tried to pull away, but he held her tightly wanting a chance to explain.
“You maggot!” She spouted off. This caused him to laugh so hard she was able to struggle her way free.
She ran into the cottage with a still laughing Von trailing behind, but just as she shut the door and Von got to the side of the road, Conner rode up.
“Conner,” Von joyously called, grinning from ear to ear “I was wondering where you were.”
Conner, having just seen his daughter run into the cottage, gave the loosely dressed prince a baffled look and replied, “Yes my prince, I’m sure you were.”
Tying up his horse he continued, “I’ll be sure and tell your mother you’re back. She’s been sending those nasty birds every day, wondering if you’ve returned and if you are well.”
Donna opened the door and let the two men in. She greeted her father as usual, careful not to give herself away.
But every chance she caught Von’s glance and her father’s back turned, she narrowed her eyes, wrinkled her nose and tightened her lips. To this, Von arrogantly rolled his eyes, and when she wasn’t looking, he could hardly contain his laughter.
Conner laid maps out on the table and was confounded by Von’s careless attitude toward the matter at hand. After such a journey he hardly had a word to say. A slight smirk never left his face, this was not the man he knew at all, he thought.
Donna left and returned with a pitcher of water, she sat it along with a mug, bread and sliced cheese in front of the prince who completely ignored her.
Finally taking a serious look at Conner’s maps and without giving it a second thought, he grabbed the mug, poured it full of water and took a gulp. He immediately choked, gagged and cough the water up.
At that, Donna stepped forward and announced loudly, “The water is not from the healing lake but from the horse’s trough, where a jackass can get a drink.”
Conner was shocked at his daughter’s behavior and jumped from his seat, “Donna! What have you done?” he cried just as she stormed out the door.
Von stopped choking and started laughing, “No, no Conner, I more than deserve it. Conner sat with puzzled eyes fixed on Von.
After clearing his throat a few times, Von put on a smirk and asked, “What? You could do a hell of a lot worse than me for a son-in-law.”
Conner’s eyes popped, and his jaw dropped with joy and delight, “Indeed I could.” He returned the smile.
As Von and Conner hashed out war and recovery strategies, it was clear that Exile would surely be cut off from Towten for as long as maybe two years.
Von had to think, if all went well with their plan to flood the valley, there would be no reason for him not to stay in Exile. For anyone else, this would have been a simple decision, but he was essentially King in Towten. His father wore the crown, but basically, he ruled. He would have to give up all that power to live in a little hot spot called Exile of all places. There would be no soldiers to lead, no palace halls to roam, no servants to jump at his beck and call. Most of all, he would miss his family, his long deep conversations with his father, his arguments with his mother, and his brother was just the age when one would expect to see some big changes in his life, when he was finally becoming interesting.
But in the end, the choice was clear, all the above or death. “The hell with it!” he thought. “It’s only two years, and it will pass in a blink of an eye, and maybe in that time I could whip some men out of these sleepy boys around here.”
When Von was ready to leave, his mind was clearly made up. He would return to stay until the flood subsided and the passage to Towten was once again clear.
He mounted his horse looking for Donna, with a serious and dear expression he called out, “Donna, I’m leaving.” In a flash she was by his side, with her face flushed and watery eyes, she added another bag of fruit to his already loaded horse.
Leaning down, he lifted her chin and stared in her face until she lowered her eyes. He whispered, “I will return.” He ever so gently kissed her on the forehead. He brushed a curl from her face as a tear escaped and touched his heart. “I’ll return to stay my princess.” He softly smiled. He stared long enough to file that moment deep in his mind and soul.
Then in an instant, it was as if his mind flipped to the matter at hand just that fast. He sat up straight in the saddle, pulled his gloves on tight and without another word, he took off. But before he was out of sight, he leaned back and in a demanding voice, cried out, “And stay out of the forest!” His voice frightened the birds from the trees.
Donna stood awestruck, “Father, did you hear that? He said he would return?”
Conner still lingering at the door teased, knowing more about her future than she. “So, what’s new about that? He always returns for the healing.”
“No father,” she replied, “He said he would return to stay.”
“He had better,” Conner mumbled opening the cottage door.
Donna’s eyes started to dart, and her jaw dropped, “Did he call me his princess?” She covered her mouth with both hands and sprung to the cottage like a rabbit in a cabbage patch.
• • •
As Von entered the forest, he couldn’t keep his mind off the massive army, and how the sight of the burnt out Lossmen sickened him. There was no doubt the flood was the only way to defeat them, and it had to be done carefully and quickly. He wondered how his brother and Blair were getting along with the move. Hopefully, there were no hang-ups along the way.
Von slowed as he listened to what he thought to be voices. Why would anyone be this far out? He wondered. Just to be safe, he backed his horse into some thick trees and waited only to hear more movement, they were all around him.
Although the Sawtee spoke the same language as the TowHummy, there was a slight bounce at the end of a sentence when they spoke. Surrounded and outnumbered he stayed put and pulled his ax from its holster and waited quietly alert for battle. With his heart pounding and ax ready a band of maybe six men filtered through the thick trees and high reeds, so close he was tempted to take a calculated risk, but the numbers never came out right. Now was not the time, he had to get this information back home. But first, a quick stop at the dams would help him comprehend Conner’s maps better. A lot was at stake.
When it was all clear, he moved on and reminded himself “This is why I travel alone.”

38.
GABE’S GRAND TOUR
Nina and Carla introduced Gabe and Del to Hummy living. They tried to show them every aspect of their lives. The gardens, including Nina’s special roses, about how her mother loved them and how she cared for them on after her death. There were a few odd trees with strange fruit. This took them into the kitchens where they were shown how the artisans baked and prepared their masterpiece meals. How they bragged about being the best and challenged each other.
Gabe was fascinated. The kitchen was huge with many corners of activity. Nothing like what he had seen at home, where nothing in the kitchen was given such attention to detail and perfection. He recalled his first Hummy pastry was so lovely he hesitated to bite it, not sure it was eatable.
In the midst of the laughter and commotion that accompanied the lovely sisters, Del did his best to try and taste everything. Carla secretly placed a spicy pepper in her mouth and abruptly stunned Gabe with a big kiss on the lips. He stood confused as it took a second before the spice gave its full blast of gusto. This started a frenzy of pepper kissing, screams, and laughter.
As Gabe walked through the palace, he had many questions about the architecture. Not really understanding it clearly, Nina introduced him to the head architect. It was a father and son team. They had the most cluttered office he had ever seen. There was barely enough walking space and a book or scroll in every nook and cranny. The old man showed him how they used the sun and mirrors to keep the place lit and warm. They had an interesting understanding of elements and how to use them together to get what they wanted. At the time, they were working with water, using its weight to make other things work on their own.
The younger son pulled Gabe aside, “Let me show you something.” He took him into a room with shelves full of scrolls, packed from floor to ceiling. “These are so old but full of amazing stories, alchemy, history of people and places never heard of, spells and cure-alls.
Gabe pulled out a dusty one, opened it, but he couldn’t read it. “What hand is this, I am versed in many, but I don’t know this one.”
The young man gave a hearty smile. “I am versed in twenty-six, many long lost. That’s what I do mostly, I transcribe.” Gabe was taken aback, when the young man continued, “I know you came to rescue my princess, but there is a lot here that could be lost. Please consider all we can offer. Gabe was most interested.
Gabe’s days were filled with constant invitations from someone wanting to show him something. He had come to get the princess, but it seemed no one wanted to be left behind. So, temporary or not, Hummy palace started to pack. Would there be room, who knows but the young architect was right, Gabe couldn’t let any of this be lost.
One day they had lunch on a small balcony, the highest in Hummy palace. It was clear and warm out. Gabe stood looking out over the vast green Hum countryside when he spotted what looked like a long gold dragon lounging on the top of trees not far from the palace. “What’s that he asked Nina, pointing.
“Oh, that’s the roof of Chin’s home, where his family lives.”
“How did you find him, he’s an alchemist?”
“Chin was a gift to my father. My father had trees cut to clear the land for a year. It was sent to an emperor in the far east, and he sent back wondrous gifts, and one of them was Chin. He shared many secrets with us and wanted to stay. So, my father promised Chin he would build him a home, and he brought his family. It is unusually beautiful.”
“Yes, I should like to get a better look.”
“You shall meet them all.” Nina smiled in agreement.
“You speak their language, yet they don’t speak yours?”
“My father loved that. You see, they were so close to us, they knew all our secrets, so to control rumors and personal business we kept it that way.”
“Fascinating.” he stared, fixated.
Carla entered the balcony followed by a servant who set a tea tray down and left. She pulled a small brown pouch from her pocket. Spotting this, Nina jumped like a frightened rabbit to her sister’s side. Carla pulled four seeds from the pouch, “Hum that should be enough.”
“No, twenty!” Nina giggled loudly.
“Ok, ten then,” Carla added them to hot water in the teapot. By this time, Gabe and Del were standing close. “Ok everyone, have your cup ready.” With their cups ready she counted softly, then quickly started to pour only a gulp in each.
“What’s so special about this tea? Del asked.
“You’ll see.” Nina gave a full smile, letting reasonable caution fly. The sisters narrowed their smiling eyes, swished the tea around in their cups until it was cool then gulped it down. Gabe and Del raised their eyebrows and emptied their cups.
Blair followed the flute music up to the balcony. It was a small festive party. Delighted, he joined Carla. “There you are. I’ve been looking everywhere for you. I was beginning to wonder if these Towten had carried you off.”
They joined Gabe who is talking and laughing unusually loud. “Gabe?” he cried, come, “I’d like to show you the new dam building plans.” Gabe gave him a blank look, blinked his eyes a few times and started to laugh. At that moment, Blair noticed something was off. He took Carla by the shoulders and seriously checked her eyes, “Something’s different, you’re all acting so giddy. What did I miss?” Carla just giggled. Blair scanned the balcony and found the teapot. “Carla, you didn’t? Glimmer tea?” Carla lost her smile for just a second. “Of all times, not now when we are at risk.”
With a silly embarrassed snort, Carla dropped her eyes. A disappointed Blair stared her down until she gave up, “I’m sorry, you’re right.” He turned away and watched the others enjoying themselves.
He smirked, “I suppose I understand. If things weren’t so unsettled, I might have a cup myself.” He leaned in on her, and she giggled him off. “Come on,” he shook his head, “help me gather them off the balcony before someone decides to jump… with a smile.”
…
The next morning Gabe was to meet what was left of the Hummy army. He missed a few hours of sleep in anticipation of this moment. Blair came first thing, to escort him to a large hall. He took a deep breath and mustered up as stern and hard a face as possible, as this was not going to be easy.
To Gabe’s astonishment, they were polite, tactful and gracious. This had to be the hard work of Blair, to get such men to understand that their once hated foe was now their best ally and option. That in the future they would both stand side by side. That his marriage to their princess was uniting all of TowHummy.
Blair had paved the way, and the greeting was effortless. They eagerly showed him their latest weapons and rolled out maps, enthusiastically explained plans, concerns and discussed ideas. The generals easily rolled over with their arm shakes and promised to do everything possible to destroy their common enemy.
Gabe was invited to a very private party. He was escorted to two huge rose motif double doors. They opened to a magnificent high ceilinged room, with tall windows. Long sheer red drapes gently blew from one that was open. A golden partition separated the entrance from the rest of the room but the place was warm, and he could see steam swirling high. Large floral arrangement sat everywhere giving the mysterious place unmatched beauty and allure.
He expected to turn the corner and find Nina spread out in some dreamlike enchanted setting, but he was led around the corner where three almost naked handmaids rushed him and started to undress him. He protests and resisted, but it was of no use as they could not understand a word he said. After some struggle, he was able to retain his underwear. They then led him into the main room that left him gawking. Crossing the warm marble floor was the largest bath he had ever seen. The scantily clad lovelies led him into the water.
Nina joined him, in a pale gossamer garment. She sat at the edge of the pool. The look of utter relaxation covered her face. Carla soon arrived dressed the same and joined them at the corner of the pool. Nina fed Gabe grapes and was explaining how the bath had come about, when Gabe was startled and attacked from behind, by a swift swimming maiden, stealing his underwear. She surfaced and held up her trophy.
Carla cried out in her language, “So what does he look like?” The maiden replied loudly, “It’s going to hurt!” Nina gasps, covering her mouth in shock and Carla laughed hardily.
Gabe turned a bright red, “What did she say?” he demanded.
“Nothing, my sweet Towten,” she smiled, still laughing, “nothing at all.”
Once calmed and comfortable with his nudity, they fed him pieces of fruit and kisses, while the maiden poured scented oils in his hair and another massaged him from head to toe. He was in a world of awe.
• • •
One night Gabe was lucky enough to find Blair in his office, still working. “So glad I was able to catch you. I’m at a loss for words as to the most cordial way we have been treated. I can’t recall ever being so anxious to wake up each morning as I am sure to experience something most delightful. From sun up till the moon starts to fall, it’s a feast for mind, body, and soul.”
Blair smiled, “I was sure of it, and just so you know, your brother has never had or seen such.”
“Well, it was brought to my attention that some or all of this could be lost? I, I… can’t see letting that happen. How do we protect it?” Blair motioned for him to have a seat and the two men were up until Del came looking for him wearing a nightgown.

39.
CARLA KILLS RUSKIN
One seemingly normal morning while having a conversation, Blair was greeted by a passing Carla. Lush smiles were exchanged as he watched her disappear down a corridor to her room.
Finishing his conversation, he made his way to her chambers. Knocking on the door, he got no response. In a loud voice, he called her. Still getting no answer, he started to question his sight. Did he not just see her enter and not come out? Calling and knocking again, he then opened the door and found Ruskin, holding Carla by a resistant wrist. A moment passed as Blair tried to understand what he was seeing.
Ruskin glared, yelling, “Get the hell out of here.”
Blair still wasn’t sure what was going on, but he didn’t like it. Profoundly serious and without taking his eyes off Ruskin, he asked Carla, “Do you want me to leave?”
Carla twisted and freed her wrist, “No never!”
Blair could see where this was going. It was a chance to bleed some of his pent-up resentment. He cried, “Carla, get out of here!”
Carla clutched her chest and frantically replied, “No, I won’t leave you!”
Ruskin, noticeably bigger and feeling confident, pulled his dagger, and Blair pulled his. They start to dance around the room studying one another step for step. Ruskin gave a devilish grin, “You’re going to fight for her? I hate to ruin your dreams but your little princess is spoiled goods, and she’s coming with me.”
Carla gasps and covered her mouth, Ruskin had exposed her secret to the last person she ever wanted to know. Blair and her father were the only reason Ruskin could blackmail her. She knew, even after he lost his head she would never be looked upon the same. In her mind, this would be agonizing.
Fat to the fire, Avery had some suspicions he had passed on to Blair but who the culprit was, he didn’t know, only that it was not consensual. And the matter being so sensitive, it could not be discussed openly.
Blair narrowed his eyes and saw red, “The only thing spoiled in this room, is your plan to leave here alive.”
At that, Ruskin made the first lunge, Blair dodged it and jabbed back. Carla watched desperately as the men leap and tussle with one another. Then Blair got Ruskin back against an open window. Carla saw her chance to help and pulled the curtain down, but by the time it fell, the two men had changed places, and the curtain fell on Blair. Ruskin tried to take advantage of the foul-up, taking jabs at Blair as he scuffled out from under the curtain.
Escaping unharmed, he again begged Carla to leave. But seeing Ruskin’s attempts to kill him, she screamed a tearful, “No!” She just couldn’t, she had just seen him come so close to death.
But Ruskin again had the upper hand. With Blair against the wall, he pushed the blade to his neck. A frantic Carla fanned her hands trying to find a way to help Blair. Quick thinking, she grabbed the end of the rug Ruskin stood on and pulled it out from under the big man. But by the time she did, Blair had just gained the upper hand and fell to the floor along with Ruskin.
Blair now watching both Ruskin and Carla, he pleaded, thinking it may save his life, “Carla please, go, go get help.”
“No!” again she sobbed, “He could kill you!”
Keeping an ever so steady eye on Ruskin, he replied, “Carla, my sweet, it won’t be him that gets me killed. Please go!” She ran to the door thinking, perhaps help will come in time to stop the brute.
When Blair took one quick glance in Carla’s direction, Ruskin threw a candlestick and knocked Blair’s dagger from his hand. Defenseless, Ruskin gave Blair a victory grin. He decided to throw the dagger. Blair looked for something to block the dagger, but there was nothing.
He raises his arms in defense. Then there was a loud dragging sound, and a huge armoire toppled over just as Ruskin turned to see it fall on him. There in its place stood a frazzled Carla, who ran into Blair’s arms.
The crash brings Gabe and others, they made a grimace as blood ran out from under the huge piece of furniture. Catching his breath, Blair explained, “I think it’s time for us to get the ladies out of here. There could be more attacks planned.”

40.
MARCUS WANTS A REPORT
Inside an elaborate tent, Marcus had his eyes closed while a young girl massaged his feet. Suddenly his calm was disrupted when Deven stepped in with a dusty looking character. He looked around with a disapproving eye. “My prince.”
Completely annoyed, Marcus wrinkled his brow and opened his eyes, “What? And stop calling me that! It makes them nervous when you call me prince.”
Marcus closed his eyes again and flattened. Deven rolled his eyes, “Marcus, a Towten was spotted spying.”
In a weary voice, Marcus answered, “So, they capture spies all the time.”
“Not like this one.” Deven poked the old guy. “Go on, tell him what you saw.”
The old man humbly stepped forward. “Well, I was in the tavern when a drifter showed up. He had a really nice horse and boots. But that wasn’t the thing that caught my eye, it was the thing on his cheek, the thing like what you got on your face.”
Marcus opened his eyes, he sat up and stared at the man blankly but said nothing. Deven motioned for the man to leave and he ran out. Deven waited for a response. Finally, in a gravelly voice, Marcus uttered, “I know who that was, the Bald One! Did they capture him?”
“No, he was a bit of a challenge.”
“I’m sure he was.” Marcus cracked, “No matter.” he took a deep breath and relaxed back. “He just had to have a look for himself.” He smiled, “One look at this army and he has to know it’s hopeless.” Changing the subject, “What about us, what kind of progress are we making?”
“It’s slow.” Deven shook his head. “For every two inches we gain against it, we lose one. Even with the oil, it’s a fight. But the path has widened, we’ll get there. It’s hard work. Besides, time is on our side, they’ve got no place to run.”
A little flustered Marcus grumbled, “What about our plans? Have Ruskin bring my cousins. I would like them here for Harmon’s birthday feast. They should be my special guest and the first taste of the spoils I have to offer.”
“I’ll send him a message straight away.”
“And what about that Towten King, Avery, is he still alive? We’ve had no reports. When Ruskin gets here, I want a full recount of everything.” He waved Deven off.
Deven nodded, “I’ll send for him.”
As Deven turned to leave the tent, Marcus rambled, “Damn bald assassin running freely in camp, I could have been killed, here in my bed.” Deven rolled his eyes again.
• • •
Later as ordered, Deven sealed a note and gave it to a plane dressed soldier. Just as he walked out, Ward walked in. “Marcus wants Ruskin to bring the princesses and deliver a full report from TowHummy.”
The man had a seat, and Deven poured them a drink. Ward took a gulp and a deep breath. “Good, I want this over with. I’m sick of the dust and dirt, there’s ash on everything, in everything, even our food, and water. He’s smart not to send me.”
Deven pulled on his beard, “Agreed, I don’t exactly feel at ease. And why should we? Towten were bad, but these are Sawtee. Maybe he’s the son of their king, but we’re not. I’m not so sure about that story either. I’ve been thinking, what if they’re just using him?”
Ward leaned in, “And if we’re right? Where do we go? Except for the chain around my neck, I have no gold. We gave up everything for this venture, our home, our lands. We have to see it to the finish or so are we… finished.”
“Yeah,” Deven added, “I’ve had the same thoughts. They drink a lot. I think we need to do some snooping, keep them drinking, get them talking and start listening.”

41.
CARAVAN TO TOWTEN
Blair sent an army of scouts to clear safe passage to Towten. He made a final inspection of the still sitting boisterous caravan, headed by a portion of the Hummy army, now dressed in Towten Blue. It was a beautiful morning, Blair could only pray the weather would stay so nice. With so many wagons, rain and mud would make the journey even more challenging.
He spotted Carla’s painted coach and stopped for a quick visit. She had extended her breakfast it seemed. Strawberries and honey. She held one of the luscious rubies, topped with the amber nectar running and offered Blair a bite when a glop of honey fell on her plump breast. The look on his face made her burst into laughter as she swiped it up with a finger and put it on his hanging bottom lip. Blair flushed as a raw strawberry, tucked his tasty lip, blinked a few times, nodded and seemingly went about his business… pressing the image deep in his mind for further review.
As Gabe had predicted, the caravan looked as if no one wanted to be left behind. The princess alone with wagons of trunks, trunks of treasure from the crypt, Chin, and his family, eight wagons and the architect and his son, three wagons, even the cooks, six wagons, every noble family, almost every servant, and animal was packed and waiting on Blair. Gabe had promised they would find a way to accommodate them and Blair was hopeful.
On such a lovely morning, Nina rode in her open carriage with two of her handmaids close. When Gabe approached them, he could see where most faces were filled with excitement, hers was not. He saw worry, fear, and anxiety. He had just the thing, he leaned over with one of her mother’s pink roses he had plucked earlier as some were chosen to join the journey. It was not quite open yet. He handed it to her and whispered, “My sweet Nina, as they love me, they will love you… as I do.” A kiss on the forehead and her shadows passed.
Catching up with Del the two young men joined the soldiers at the front. Del remarked, “Never in my wildest dreams, did I ever imagine I would see the day a Hum would willingly bare Tow colors.”
“Such are the times,” Gabriel replied, “It’s one thing when you honorably lose on the battlefield but another when your own men, men you fought next to, stab you in the back,” he shook his head, “they never hated us that much. I suppose this is a chance to get even, how else would they strike back? Them, taking the brunt of this war so far, this shows me just how serious it is. If we lose, we lose everything, everything. I hope my father and brother are clever enough to get us out of this one… or we’ll all go to hell in a hay ball.” Del went silent.
At last, Blair reached the front of the caravan and gave the signal, and they moved out. Glancing at Gabe on such a sunny day without his hat and his shirt pulled open, Hummy had surely rubbed off on him, he thought, with a smirky smile.
Amid all the excitement of the move, there was for all that one moment when with a clear view, they took a moment and looked back at Hummy Palace with a pinched heart.

42.
GABE AT EXILAND
It was late in the afternoon; a warm breeze blew through the tall window at Exiland palace. Donna sat in her fine room painting jewel boxes when a young man urgently banged on her door. “My lady we found three men wandering the cottage area.”
Alarmed, Donna asked, “Did you take them to my father?”
“No, my lady, we could not find him, but as instructed, we bound and blindfolded them.” Donna breathed a sigh of relief.
“Bring them here and find my father.”
Donna’s mind rushed, these must be the predators Von had warned them about. Nothing would make things better than if my father were here right now, she thought. Shaking off her fears, she grabbed a nice size dagger and placed it in the pocket of her fine dress. In her mind, she rehearsed what questions her father would ask and decided where she would have them held until he arrived. At last, she thought, a member of the royal family.
It wasn’t long before the doors opened, and there they stood disarmed, looking rather harmless. She approached and inspected the three still bound and blindfolded men. Upon studying the last one, she noticed the lower part of the crest on his cheek and set herself at ease.
Just about that time, Gabe asserted, “I demand that you release us immediately!”
Donna motioned, “Unbind him and see to the comfort of the other two, leave us. Greetings, young prince.”
Gabe was furious and ripped the blindfold off. “Young prince? Who, the hell are you?” He looked around, “and where the hell am I?”
Donna cracked a smile, wondering if he was the new royal babe, born just before she left Towten Palace. “We have Towten and Hummy here.” She motioned for him to have a seat, but he stood defiant. She moved calmly to look out the window. “This, young one, is Exiland, your father’s sanctuary for the lost, poor, hopeless, orphaned, no husband, no father.” A soft leer of pride crossed her face as she watched his jaw drop.
“What did you say?” Gabe blinked.
“This place belongs to your father. I am Lady Donna, daughter of Lord Conner. We have lived here most of my life, and this palace awaits the royal family, and you are the first to see it.”
Gabe tilted his head in denial. “No, Exile is a desolate wasteland, frozen over, not even a tree lives there. Everyone knows that.”
“Yes, it was once true, but long ago, an earthquake opened a large crack in the ground. You know the story; the sky was red then black for days. Well, that crack melted the snow and keeps a hot lake. It warmed the surrounding lands, and now they are lush.”
Gabe ran his hands over his face, walked up and gawked out the window dumbfounded.
Donna cheered, “I am so pleased you have come to, as your father named it Exiland. Will you allow me to show you this wonderful place? I have waited to reveal its beauty to someone in your family for years.”
Gabe with eyes still fastened out the window was speechless and nodded yes. How could he refuse the lovely lady? She took him by the hand like a little brother and led him through the palace. In and out of its halls and down that one, up this flight of stairs and down that flight, this is the grand this, and that’s the grand that!
Gabe noticed many similarities to Hummy palace, including the baths, only there were many. The same large kitchen and use of light and mirrors. She stopped in what must have been the library as there were a few books and someone had been working.
“So, what do you think?” she led him to a lovely terrace, “Let’s sit here. Is this but the most beautiful place you’ve ever seen?”
An overwhelmed Gabe, stumbled over his words, “Yes, yes, it, it’s twice the size of Towten, with baths and mirrors, like Hummy!”
“And they’re still building. You see those structures?” she pointed, “Those are the workshops.”
Gabe ran his hand through his hair, confused “I don’t understand, it’s furnished, everything is as if we were here!”
“We wait, for the royal family. Not even the king has come to see it. But my father said, be ready. He believes the day will come and I think it will very shortly.” She placed her hand on his, “Your brother promised me he would return to stay.”
Gabe wrinkled his brow and wondered about his brother and what Nina had said and his reason for being there in the first place. “Well, my lady and I would love to come and stay. She was the one who told me of this place. It would be perfect for a new start.” He threw his arms wide as if taking it all in.
Donna lost her smile, concerned, she blocked his gaze. “My prince, the timing is all wrong for you. You have a most important responsibility right now. You must marry the Hummy princess and bring peace, harmony, and strength to the kingdoms… like it is here. Hummy and Towten live here in goodwill. The people need to see you.”
“My father rules Towten, not me,” he explained.
“Not forever, after all these generations, you are blessed with the opportunity to write a new story of how our people came together and live prosperously. Look around you, this is what they can do when they live and work in harmony.”
Gabe shook his head, “My brother comes to stay, you find him a man of peace?”
Donna snickered, “Your brother is old world I admit but then, so am I and my father and your mother and father. There is healing here. Even the water we drink is…”
Gabe interrupted, “That’s why he comes to stay, some black rock ritual keeps him alive! So, he is a cryistlum!” His eyes widened as if he just understood something.
Donna was a little surprised at Gabe’s response. “Yes, he is a cryistlum, but not here. The black rock and water from the lake restore him.”
Gabe’s eyes dart. “Black water, healing lake… that’s why I’m to marry the Hummy and not him!” He spun around and ran his hands through his hair again and asked seriously, “Madam, I know it’s late but I truly need to see this lake?”
Donna was delighted, “Oh yes, in fact it shows a true magic at night and not even your brother has seen it.” She led the way, “You know he finds great comfort and healing here. What about your parents? As long as this place is a secret the families they left behind think the king sent them to their death and…
Gabe interrupts again, “They hate them, but they have no idea, I mean about this place.” His eyes wander with excitement.
Donna added, “But here they have only love for a king who has bestowed this wonderful bounty. That he cared enough to give them a chance, in this safe and fruitful land.”
He greets her face to face and full of compassion, “Madam, you ask too much.”
She looked away in thought, “Why would they refuse to even visit such a place.”
Gabe lifted her chin and locked eyes. “I know that look, you love my brother. I didn’t know he was so lucky. You have nothing to fear,” Gabe smirked, “My brother gave up two crowns, he won’t give up this one.” He had a hearty laugh and stopped as they approached an open darkness.
“So this is it, but I see nothing.” Donna picked up a stick and swirled it around in the lake soil. It gave off a bluish glow as if the black sediment was covering a layer of bright light. Gabe was speechless as he had never seen anything so unnatural.
Donna seemed a bit refreshed as fantasies of late night swims with his brother crossed her mind. Gabe promised, “I will try to convince my father, at least my mother should visit.” He shook his head in disbelief.
Then from behind, they heard horses and voices, the mood changed, Donna relaxed, “I see your escort is here.”
“My escort?” Gabe craned his neck but saw nothing.
“Yes,” she pointed as if she could see through the dark, “I see you are in the good hands of Lord Blair.”
Within moments Blair shadowed the couple. Gabe gave Blair the, how did you know I was here, look, “Well, I asked you and you wouldn’t tell me, so I found it myself.”
Blair put a heavy hand on his shoulder at the neck. “Haven’t I told you, there are those who would love to roast your head on a stick.” The men chuckle, but Donna had a sick grimace.

43.
DONNA’S BOYS
Blair, not wishing to thin the protection line he left around the caravan, brought only a half dozen soldiers. Gabe, Del and a young Hummy named Hal, the same boy who hit Von in the head with a rock, three years earlier, rounded the count to ten. They made their way back to the caravan.
Blair was a bit ruffled at Gabe for putting the entire mission at risk, not to mention himself, the binding facet, in the plan to save TowHummy. It was true, Gabe had asked to see Exiland but now surely wasn’t the time. But royalty has its arrogance, hopefully not in error. But he had to say something, putting it as mildly as possible he asked, “So, what candle was so dim, it came up with this idea?”
Gabe and Del pointed to one another than to Hal, who really wasn’t paying attention.
On a more serious note, Gabe asked, “Blair, how long have I been asleep?” Blair looked puzzled at the question. Gabe clarified, “The lady said it had been there since before I was born?”
Blair nodded, “It has been a sanctuary for many years. It’s Towten, but even my people live there and have for years. Conner is a good man, asking few questions of young families. He and his daughter, are the king’s caretakers. You can see why it had to be kept a secret, even from you.”
“Secret? Nina and I have changed our minds, and we would like to be married there.” Blair started laughing, and the others joined in, all but Gabe.
“Now I know why they kept you asleep. Everybody can’t go, then it wouldn’t be sanctuary anymore.” Even Gabe had to snicker.
Blair suddenly picked up speed and stopped in a clearing just ahead. A wagon with eight broken barrels that appeared to have been carrying water were scattered. Three young men lay dead, one still on the wagon and the other two on the ground. Blair slid off his horse to investigate.
Gabe asked, “What the hell happened here?”
“Evidently they were trying to get healing water to Towten before the flood. The brutes murdered them.”
Gabe, now wandering around, “They’re just children, look at this one, he looks to be no more than fifteen. Why would they send these boys into such danger? This one never even pulled his dagger.”
Blair answered in a woeful voice, “That’s all they have, boys and a few really old men. They don’t understand how dangerous it is with these gangs of Marcus’s murderers combing the forest… and that includes you. Let’s get you back to camp. I’ll deal with this later.”
Making a dash for the caravan, hoping to reach it before the sun came up was his plan. Not that far from camp, they were ambushed. Maybe fourteen men fell from trees and came out from behind bushes to attack them.
The fight was over shortly. Perhaps if they had not come upon the horrible wagon site, it might have been different, but these men were livid, to the point of overkill. The enemy died from many wounds.
When it had all settled, Blair checked the prince, then took a head count and found them all unscathed. Looking at the three, “I’m impressed, you handled yourselves well.” He gave a breathy smile. Ungloving his hand, he wiped the blood from Gabe’s cheek, and it still bled from a small cut. “You’re starting to look a lot like your brother,” he snorted.
They left the mutilated bodies as a warning.
That night, Gabe was glad to have his friend Del at his side. Neither of them could sleep. Gabe had had such an awakening. First his father and brother and Exiland, how could he have been so wrong about them. Del assured him, “They kept it a secret, how were you to know. Remember what your father said at dinner that night? It was as if you were the perfect pick for this peace mission.”
Then both were sickened by the attack where they made their first kill. They shrugged it off at the time, wanting to appear manly but deep inside it flashed in their minds repeatedly. The feel of the blade piercing flesh, the gush, splatter, cries, and groans before they died. And lastly, the eyes, so empty.
Gabe had always thought of himself as a peaceful sort, not like his father and brother. But when it came down to it, in that moment of the attack, he saw his brother and father flow from him effortlessly and thoughtlessly. The snarly anger and hate left him with a slight headache, shaken and pounding heart.
It had been the longest day of Gabe’s life, and before Del bid him goodnight, he noted, “Well my prince, my good friend, I’m so glad you were here to share this with me.”
Gabe answered, “Likewise.”
Throwing his head back, inhaling, Del generalized, “At least, now we know what we’re made of, we will do whatever it takes.”

44.
GABE COMES HOME
It was a cool morning, and the king and queen sat in their center room eating, hashing over their plans for the day. With the doors and windows closed and the fireplace roaring, the room was quite cozy. Rose came rushing in with a quick nod.
“They’re here!” she exploded.
The king and queen instantly became still figures. “Who’s here?” Kissna asked, with eyes wide.
“The prince and his bride! Well, they aren’t here yet, but they will be. They’ve been spotted, they’ll be here within the day.” Rose bounced.
They cut their breakfast short as there were lots to do in preparation. What Rose didn’t say, was how many Hummy were coming.
• • •
As the caravan readied to get underway, Blair’s attention was diverted to the capture of a messenger from Marcus. The soldier told Blair, “He was apprehended on his way to Hummy palace.” This caught the interest of Gabe and Del, curious as to what Marcus plans might be.
Blair opened it. “It’s addressed to Ruskin!”
Gabe chuckled, “Too late!”
Blair raised an eyebrow, “It says, Bring virgins.”
Gabe threw his head back, blinked his eyes, “Too late… again!
Blair shook his head and replied with sarcasm, “Well I’m certainly glad Marcus wasn’t looking for anyone in our camp. However, I don’t think we should leave him waiting, perhaps instead of virgins they should receive, me!” Staring at the map he decided, “I’ll take some men and greet them at this rendezvous point.” He looked up, “That is unless you need me to hold your hands all the way home.”
Gabe and Del gave a deafening, “Get out of here.” They snickered.
After reassuring and consoling the princesses, Blair took some men, tipped his hat to Gabe and Del, gave a smirky grin and rode off. Gabe wondered what that look was about. He stood in the center of the massive camp and realized, all these people were now his responsibility. This was a time of war, and their lives were in his hands. He felt the burden, but he was ready, and when the caravan fell in place without the slightest question, Del and Nina would have sworn he was much taller in the saddle than the day before.
• • •
The king, queen, and Monica ran up to tall windows at the top of a staircase. Rose claimed they could be seen from this spot. The king had his scope and waited, then, “Ha! It’s Gabe alright… and he has the Hummy army with him… and they’re wearing… Towten Blue!”
“Oh, let me see!” the Queen bounced. The king handed her the scope, she took a look, “No, is that Von?”
By this time, you could see him without the scope. Monica had her nose pressed to the window, when the king said, “No, that’s Gabe.”
Kissna, still using the scope, “But he looks like, like, like…”
And Monica tried to finish her sentence, “Like a, a…”
“Like a man!” the King finished it.
“Oh no, my baby is a man!”
Monica mumbled, “He’s never going to play games with me again.”
All the way up and into the city gates, the Towten came out to greet them. Much of the caravan was dispersed into the city as it moved along. The Hummy had lost their arrogance, and the Towten found them captivating.
Avery and Kissna were speechless at the sight of Gabe. They hardly heard a word he said as he introduced the princesses, who eagerly give warm hugs. As the Hummy flooded in, they needed little guidance. The cooks went directly to the kitchen, where after a short scrap, the Hummy cook said, “Let me show you something.” The architects looked for the library or place to stack their books. Gabe saw Chin come in but will not find him for days.
It was all happening so fast, when Kissna looked as if she were about to faint, Gabe grabbed her hands and covered her gaze, “Mother it will all work out fine.” He glanced at his father who had a healthy smile. Giving him a hearty grip, Kissna cried out over the commotion, “My son there are so many of them.”
Just about that time, to the delight of the king’s eye, trunks of treasure started to pour in. Gabe seeing his father’s glee, he assures them, “This is nothing to the real treasures to come. Our lives are going to change.” At that point, the Towten guard stepped in to report.
Gabe noticed Monica standing somewhat out of sight and out of the way. She found him stunning. Too late, he swept her heart away as if she had never seen him before. He took her trembling hand, she looked down at his, for the first time it felt warm. His eyes were bright with excitement and passion.
With some resistance, he convinced Monica these two princesses should become her new closest friends. Gabe introduced them, and there was enchantment in their eyes. The princesses had never seen such a plain beauty, and Monica had never seen anything like them.
In the middle of the noise and mass chaos, Gabe stood still for a moment and just looked around. It was miraculously marvelous.

45.
NINA WANTS HER BATH
Weeks pass and where is Von? He’s still at the dams. In the meantime, Gabe was refashioning Towten. It seems like there’s construction in every corner. Expansions, repairing and rebuilding. It was exciting. There were new experiences for everyone, especially in the kitchen. Since day one the king’s table was covered like never before. Not only was the infusion delightful, but there were no reports of conflict.
Gabe was constantly on the move, having a hand in every department. In the past, Towten palace had a winter side and a summer side. Gabe implemented some innovations from Hummy Palace. Skylights and mirrors warmed the winter side, and opening some doors and removing a wall, cooled the summer side, making plenty of room for all.
The same occurred in town. Blair and his men warned the villagers to harvest what they could and flee to the highlands of Towten. They arrived to find themselves welcome. The royal families had done their best to make sure all understood that fellowship and cooperation were vital to their survival. The rumor was that the flood lands wouldn’t last forever, making any discomfort tolerable.
Gabe was in Von’s office. It was busy with people moving in and out. Three tables were covered with designs, books, scrolls, and paper everywhere. Voices called from one end of the room to the other. This was the busiest place in the palace.
With Gabe so busy, Nina was definitely feeling a bit neglected. When she complained to Carla, she quickly explained the obvious, “He’s busy about his business converting this place into something somewhat resembling home.” She brushed her hair and checked her look in the mirror a few times.
“Well, I don’t have my usual comforts, like my bath.” Nina flopped down in a chair where her sister had a clear view of her reflection. “Or my baby pig, I can’t find him. You don’t think they ate him?” She winced.
Carla laughed, “I should hope not. Anyway, as I understand, they had to return to the Hummy for more plans and drawings, among other things we forgot. I had them dig up some of mother’s roses.”
As if butterflies had carried it away, Nina’s melancholy mood waned. “Oh, we did, we forgot them completely, oh no, what about the glimmer bush?”
“Chin remembered it. See, stop worrying.” Carla winked in the mirror. “And I was told, the stone for the bath has a gold vain.”
“Really? Sounds beautiful, but you know we designed our bath, and he hasn’t asked me a thing about what I think. I think it’s about time I go tell him.” She stormed out of the room before Carla could get her face out of the mirror.
The office was so crowded and hectic, even she was not immediately noticed, as she ambled her way to the desk where Gabe was busy working. The room went hush. And Nina felt her power and demanded. “What about my bath? Put them to work completing it, like you promised!”
As she had never seen him, he was caught off guard, with a dark dipped brow and a deep voice she never imagined he had, he pointed and bellowed, “Woman… be patient!” The room held its breath.
He held a stern gaze. This moment was huge. In a room, full of onlookers, it had to be handled just so, as gossip was sure to flood the palace in seconds. Stunned, she dropped her eyes. Wrong move he thought. She quickly recovered, lifting her chin with a slight smile, she turned her back to him. Before her, the workers cleared a path, that she took to a window where she kept her back turned.
The others motioned, should we leave? Gabe looked her up and down, and with a grin, he shook his head no, and they went about their business as if she were not there.
She stood at the window, never giving the chaos a moment’s notice. Later in the day, the room started to thin, and when the last man left, and she could hear no other, it was time to cast the sunset on a gift she had for him. Without turning around, she dropped the shoulder of her gown and exposed the Royal Hummy crest.
He gently approached and examined it to discover what was once green was now blue. With this, she was no longer Hummy but Towten, his. Without touching her, he leaned in at her neck and inhaled her body heat an aroma. She could feel a slight tickle from his breath so close to her ear. He kissed the crest and teased, in a tender whisper, “My lady, that is one of the most beautiful things I have ever seen. But one day I will require something much more precious than that.”
Nina shuttered just a little, the orange sun danced in her eyes, as her mind searched with some alarm and wonder, what else could he possibly want from me.

46.
VON’S SHARES HIS NEWS
When Von arrived home, he went directly to the king’s center room. He found his father’s nose in a book and his mother looking out a window. He tucked his gloves in his belt and patted his father on the back. He greeted his mother with a warm hug.
Excited to see him, his mother took both his hands and looked him over, gleaming, “You had me so worried, I sent birds every day,” she had a seat. His father closed his book and studied him, “You look well my son, and way overdue,” he gave him a hard eye with the questions, “How many men did you take with you?”
Going places neither want to go in front of Kissna, Von answered cleverly, “Enough to keep me alive.”
Von rested an elbow on the fireplace mantle and faced his audience. “So, it looks like Gabe’s been keeping himself busy. I must say, from what I’ve seen, I like a lot of his Hummy changes. The place looks a lot brighter and teeming, I’m impressed.”
Kissna sat a little taller, “Oh, you must see him, he has changed so much, you won’t recognize him.”
Von made light of it, planting his knuckles into his side, “No, tell me he didn’t… grow a long pigtail?” They had a hearty laugh. Vincent shook his head, “Now tell us of Sawtee.”
He warmed his hands in the fireplace, grabbed a chair and sat facing them. He dropped his smile and stretched himself out over the seat. “We can’t move fast enough. Blair and I have been working to clear all from the path of the flood. To move every soul to Towten highlands.” He sat up, “Then we will be ready to break the dams and wipe them out.” The faraway look in his eyes and the sound of his voice made his parents take notice.
Kissna covered her mouth with both hands. “Oh yes,” he continued, “we are flooding the valley.” Looking at his father, “It’s worst then you can imagine. Their army extended as far as I could see. They’re a bloodthirsty, devilish lot.” He balled his fist, “I can’t wait to kill Marcus, just for letting them know we exist!”
He stood, using his hands to express what he saw and felt. “You should see the mess they have made of the Losmen. You can smell it long before you reach its blackened terrain. But we still have time.” He sat again.
Vincent crinkled his brow, “I didn’t think you could burn that wood.”
“They’re using oil to keep the fires burning. Oh, but you know the Losmen, she’s giving them hell. Even with all the oil and burning, she grows back, right under their feet.” Von narrowed his eyes and asked his father, “How did we suddenly become so vulnerable?”
Vincent looked away, pulling on his beard. “The dams. The Losmen was once one hell of a witch, not even the merchants made their way easily. But after the first dam, it opened some and after the next even more. Merchants came, but it was still a devil of a journey. Then the Hummy cut down part of the forest and sold it. The last dam left it just dry enough to nourish what lives there now, an otherworldly dense green beast that has kept us safe for years.”
Von reassured his parents. “Conner and I suspect the water will be high enough to keep anyone from coming or going, for some time, But the fertile farming fields should return in spring.”
“And the Losmen, what kind of monstrosity will she be after that?” the king questioned himself out loud.
“Conner suspects,” Von continued, on a lower note. “Exiland will be cut off, we’re not sure how long. Maybe a year or so. The room went quiet, Von looked a little glum, in deep thought. His father’s gaze intensified.
It was too quiet for Kissna, she leaned back in her chair and clasped her hands together with a sudden gush of happiness. “Oh, I just remembered, we have a present for you.” The mood changed as she bounced out of her seat and out the door, leaving Von wondering.
Von locked eyes with his father, “You know I’ll have to stay in Exiland. I need the rock and water to stay alive.”
“Well, that only makes perfect sense, my son.”
“I asked Conner for Donna’s hand in marriage.” Von blushed red.
Vincent flashed a huge smile. Von bashfully shook his head and put his hands up. “But don’t get excited yet. I know how I feel about her, but I can’t be sure it’s the right thing to do. I’m a Crytislum.” He dropped his eyes with a sickening look, remembering how bad it had been at times. “She is so beautiful, I’m just not sure I have a future to offer.”
Vincent leaned over and patted his shoulder. “Of course you do. Don’t you see? Your world comes together there. Life, love and a small kingdom to rule. It’s superb, it’s music to my ears. Ha! After all these years, it’s like she was just waiting for you.”
“Well don’t say anything to mother.”
Vincent recoils with a “Huh.” as if that would not be so easy to do.
“Not until I’m sure. You see I love Donna, I love her enough to know this is a selfish move on my part. I need to soul search, and so does she.”
“Well, you’ll have plenty of time in the fields for that. How long do you think it will take?”
Von stood, “Hopefully a few days to eight at the most. I must move quickly.” Vincent stood, knowing he won’t be seeing his son for at least a year, he gave him a hug that lasted so long, it sank both their hearts.
Von looking a little embarrassed, “Strange thing, that Donna, I tease her, I always have. I’m not sure why. She’s the only one.”
Vincent chuckled, “I used to do that to your mother, I still do. She makes me do it. When she thinks she’s irresistible, I rub my beard on her face, or step on the tail of her dress when she tries to float away.” He had a shifty look in his eyes as he pulled on his whiskers, “I love to sneak one of her hairpins when she thinks her hair is so perfect.” The two men have a snorting chortle.
Just then, Kissna bounced back into the room carrying a tray. When they see her, they laughed louder. She gave them a quizzical eye and held the tray in front of Von, she brought her own smile.
A red velvet cloth covered a plate. Still smiling, Von uncovered it. There before his eyes was a blackish red apple the size of a small cabbage. His mouth dropped open, and his eyes fell upon it as if it were gold.
With pride, Vincent added, “That’s the third one, I hope we get five this year.
Von held it up with both hands, “Ah!” He looked at his father, “It’s from your tree! It’s beautiful!!! Look at the size of this thing. Thank you, thank you.” he marveled at its flawless sheen and inhaled its luscious aroma. He started to take a bite, then changed his mind and tucked it in his jacket. The queen’s eyes questioned.
And Von answered, “You see, this is the first time I have ever had one, all to myself.”

47.
THE QUEEN SAYS GOODBYE
The next day Kissna sat in the receiving room alone. In a large chair, befitting a queen, she impatiently rolled her ring. Her eyes danced with an occasional sigh. Her dress, silver gray, and red taffeta, with matching jeweled shoes, bouncing a steady beat with every passing mini second.
The door opened, it was a nervous servant, he bowed, “My queen, the prince says he’s busy and will be with you when he is done.”
Waiting is not something Kissna does for anyone but the king. After sending for Von the third time, she was angered to a slight trimmer. Her brow dipped deep as she slowly stood. She pointed at the frightened servant, “I want the guards to bring him to me this minute. I don’t care if they have to drag him.”
The servant nodded and ran for the door and the queen for the nearest window. With lips tight, she thought, this is so typical of Von, never missing an opportunity to be insolent. How dare he, I am the Queen!”
Just as the servant opened the door to swiftly let himself out, Von was coming in. The servant’s eyes bulged at the site of him. This was a red flag as to what Von might expect upon entering.
“Mother, you wanted to see me?” He braced for verbal impact.
She turned from the window with narrowed eyes and her fists at her sides. “How dare you keep me waiting, I am your queen! Sit,” she pointed. Von took an uneasy seat at the end of a conference table. He raised a hand in an attempt to explain. “No, I don’t want to hear it!” she blasts.
She paced the floor in quick angry steps, then approached him. “Your father thinks it may be important for me to tell you what I know about Marcus.” She sat back in her comfortable chair, arms resting, rings glimmering, looking regal, and with nothing motherly about her, she continued.
“I was about fourteen at the time. Every year in late spring, before summer, it seemed the war would escalate. So as a precaution, they would gather all the ladies and pack us off to a huge cottage in the west. It was isolated with absolutely no men. It was a beautiful place. Trees full of blossoms, pink, yellow, and some white. The ground was also covered in a rainbow of colors, I thought this must be what it’s like in heaven.” The joy covered her face and softened her voice.
At that point, she caught herself and focused back on Von, who’s face read intensely board. “Early one morning the sun was just below the mountaintop behind us. It was cold. There was a banging at the door, waking everyone. Then pandemonium, as no one was expected. With everybody hanging over the staircase, I couldn’t see or hear a thing. So I ran back to my room and watched out the window. There, lying in the back of a cart was a young woman.” She gave Von a hard eye and paused until she was sure he was listening.
“They carried her inside. She was dirty, with bloody hands and a bloody spot on her head. Her long hair was wrapped around her waist like a rope.” Kissna got up and paced the floor just behind Von, increasing the volume of her voice. “The older maidens cleaned her up and put her to bed. She was the most beautiful person I had ever seen. We younger girls would just stare.”
“After a few days, the man with the cart came back and had words with the older ladies. Whatever he said made them quite upset. They considered sending for protection or going home but didn’t.”
“A few days later a handsome Hummy nobleman and two guards arrived to see her. We watched her sit outside with him, they were obviously lovers. Those two passionately strolling in that beautiful garden, I will never forget.” She started to roll her ring, and Von looked interested.
“They stayed with us for two days,” she sighed. “When another young man arrived, just in time to find the couple in the garden. A brutal argument ensued, almost going to blows. We dare not step out or interfere, we just watched from the windows. The first man left in a huff. The Hummy maiden was heartbroken. She cried as she thanked and bid us all a sad goodbye. I remember the soft smile she had as her horse trailed the other man into the forest.” Von set in deep thought.
“Later my older sister told me she was part of a peace offering, given to the Sawtee king. The Hummy queen’s sister had run away, and the beautiful maiden was a gift to sweeten the exchange. But the beauty escaped before the swap.”
Von turned to say something. “Wait there’s more. The first young man was then Prince Avery, and the other was his younger brother Heff. Their mother, the queen, had picked her because of an adulteress love affair between them. She didn’t tell Avery of her sneaky plot, but when he found out, he went after her. She was carrying a child. We think it was Marcus!”
Von’s started to pull on his beard, with his eyes fixed on Kissna. But before he could say a word, she went on. “We recently found out, Avery ensured the placement of the child when his brother married the maiden. To make a long story sadder, she died in childbirth and like so many others, his father, stepfather, whatever, died on the battlefield two years later.
Von had a faraway look, with an elbow on the table, his fingers raked through his hair, and he took a deep breath. “So, you’re saying he may not have known his real father was the king, he truly thinks he’s Sawtee.”
Kissna leaned in on Von, “Precisely.”
“All this is a well-kept story. Blair grew up with Marcus and has always respected him as the king’s nephew. But he claims, there were stories, and you just confirmed one. They must have convinced him he was Sawtee and he moved on a lie.” Von looked disgusted.
Kissna stood a little taller and returned to the window. “Your father and I have given it much thought, and we have decided that when you have captured him… you have permission to kill him.”
The tone of her voice and the delivery of the message snapped Von out of his deep thought. The idea that she assumed he would wait for orders from her to kill Marcus was rubbish. He responded in a wimpy little voice, “Yes mother.”
Kissna was fuming, but at the same time, it had hit a funny note, and she turned her head so he couldn’t see her bite her lip to keep from laughing. Regaining control, she addressed him with a deep, gravelly voice and wrathful gaze. “Are the fields and villages cleared?”
He answered respectfully, “Nearly as I can tell.”
“How long before the dams can be rebuilt?”
“Two weeks to rebuild the dams… that’s with everyone helping. If everything goes as planned, the fields this same time of year, another month or so. We’ve taken great pains to make sure the flood is tamed. Conner said the dams held back a small reservoir. Obviously, he hasn’t seen it for a long time. It’s now an enormous ocean of water.” He looked off in thought, “Honestly mother, this flood could have happened without planning or warning… killing and destroying everyone and everything in its path.”
Standing behind him, she placed both hands on his shoulders, all rivalry put aside, she loved him dearly. Trying to control her emotions as she dares not let him see a tear, she uttered with a very cold and dry voice, “Take care my son.”
Though he couldn’t see her face or hear it in her voice, he sensed her pain. He knew he would not see her for at least a year and maybe never again. He placed his hand over hers and with a heavy heart, answered solemnly, “I will.”
At that point, no amount of blinking could stop the tears from falling. She quickly pulled away, back to the window and with a deep firm voice she ordered, “You are dismissed.” Von rose and stared, filing the moment in his memory and left. Alone, Kissna sobbed freely.
Moments passed, then the King dashed by and saw her still at the window. “Did you speak with him?”
“Yes, I told him everything. Your son is such an arrogant huelyee’s ass.” The king approached laughing heartily. Knowing she’s been crying, he walked up behind her and engulfed her in a warm, loving embrace. Closing his eyes, he inhaled the aroma that was only hers and joined her in a glance down into a garden.
“Is he that good?” she asked seriously.
“Trust me when I say, that one I know better than all the rest. He is truly blood of my blood. He is me, just younger. I know his thoughts before he thinks them.” They snicker. “Did he tell you he was in love?”
“Not from him,” She scoffed, “Someone else told me. Poor Donna, the only men she’s ever seen are boys. Of course, she fell in love with him, she’s never seen anything like him. I was thinking I need to talk to her.”
“Oh, no you don’t! They don’t need you interfering. She’s old world and so is he, they’ll be just fine. And don’t try anything sneaky, I’ll find out and stop you.”
Kissna smiled at the thought of her son being in love, “I’m going to miss him so much, but you’re right, it couldn’t be more perfect if he truly loves her. Then my heart is content.” Like being cradled by a big bear, the king squeezed her tightly.
“Anyway,” Vincent tilted his head back, “I was thinking, we need to talk about something I’ve had on my mind, let’s eat right now, in here, like we use too.”
She smirked, “Good idea,”
“And let’s eat the food we used to eat, plain food.” He added.
“Just food, no flair, no flame, no sweet, no sour.” She added.
He continued, “No sauce and no glaze.”
The King took a seat at the table, and she rushed to the door, called a servant and ordered in a loud cheery voice, “Please bring fruit, bread, cheese, and water.”
“Water!” the king roared out, “I want wine!”
Kissna gave a disapproving look. “Wine?
The king reared back in his seat. “Did you hear me?”
“And some wine.” She cried out, and snickered to herself, with a sly grin.

48.
VON FINDS KISSLY
It had been a warm night. Von lay half covered, in a light sleep, when he heard footsteps and his closed eyes detected a slight flickering light. Through slits of his eyes he saw Rose, his mother’s handmaid leaning over him.
“Rose, what are you doing in my room?” He shaded his eyes from the candlelight.
“My prince, the queen mother requests an audience with you immediately.”
“What? Right now?” He pulled his covers over his shoulder, turned his back to her and gave a groggy, “No!”
Rose waited a moment, then exhaled loudly and informed him with a bit of sarcasm, “Okay, I’ll return and tell her exactly what you said.”
As she made her way to the door, Von relented, “Stop…, I’m coming.” His body fell limp as if a battle had just been lost.
• • •
Von made his way down the empty cold and dark hallways, shuffling along in his slippers and pulling his long robe’s collar up around his neck. He mumbled to himself, “And they wonder why I never stay home,”
Rose led him to the queen’s dressing room, where it was warm and cozy. He found her in a beautiful flowing robe, with her long gray streaked hair fallen down her back, holding a brush in her hand. The window drapes were open, but the sun had not crowned the mountains yet. Never the less it is too much light for Von just coming in from the dark.
Rose, having some idea as to why Kissna has called him, excused herself with an offer to bring tea and quickly left.
When Kissna heard Roses voice, she turned to find Von standing in the doorway. “Mother, you call for me?” He looked around to find the apparent urgency.
Kissna rushed him, still holding her brush. “You!” She stunned him wide awake. “You and Lady Donna, I know what you’re up to!” She pointed the brush in his face and shook it.
Von’s mouth fell all the way open, “Mother, I swear, I love her.”
Still shaking her brush, “You and your father think you’re so smart with all your spying and sneaky tricks, but I have my own spies, and they tell me certain things too. Your plan had better be honorable.”
“Mother, honestly, I would never hurt her.”
She gave him the eye and had a seat on a large lounge chair. She patted the spot next to her, and he sat. She calmed down, “It’s just that Donna was such a sweet little babe and after her mother died, the poor little thing was so sad and unhappy. I just couldn’t bear the thought of you doing anything to hurt her.”
Von took his mother’s face with both hands and looked her straight in the eyes, “I love her with all my heart. I asked Conner for her.”
She took his cold hands and warmed them in hers, “So why didn’t you tell me, don’t you think I would love such wonderful news, that my son of all people finally fell in love?”
“With all that’s going on… I just wasn’t sure I wanted to go. But there are some abnormal things about me, and I must leave. I’m not sure for how long.”
“Of course, you’ll go. You found healing there. I know this,” Von looked surprised as he surely didn’t tell her. “And now you have found love too.” She ran her fingers through his hair. “You have made me so happy, I was starting to wonder if you would ever give us an heir.” She gave him a big kiss, he rolled his eyes embarrassed.
“Okay dear one, you can go back to bed now.”
Von stopped to give his mother a serious word before leaving, “Mother, she’s not a poor little thing anymore.”
Kissna cried out laughing…, “I have to tell her how much you love her!”
“No! No, don’t say anything! You don’t understand she’ll think I need her.” He dashed through the dressing room trying to catch and convince her to keep quiet.
As he passed a string of handmaids in the dim morning light, they curtseyed, he smiled and nodded. Then he stopped dead on and time stood still. A dark scowl crossed his face as if he had seen the devil himself. He zeroed in on one maid. “Guards,” he shouted out loud enough to rattle the windows. The queen’s guards were there in an instant, he pulled the dagger from one’s belt, stormed toward the maid, pulled her out from the others who scattered and shrieked. Kissly fell to the ground wailing. Von’s face contorted like a rabid wolf. He grabbed her by the hair straightening her nick, raising the dagger… The queen screamed, “Von!”
Darker and meaner than any had ever imagined he could become, he hesitated, realizing where he was and the terror he had displayed around him. He turned to the guards, pointing the dagger, “Take that, down and out, and have its head removed immediately!”
“How dare you raise your voice and pull a dagger in my chambers, have you lost your senses? We will speak of this!” The terrified queen raged.
“Not of this, we won’t!” It was as if his voice loosened the stones in the wall. He stormed out. Hearing the commotion out and down the hall, servants ran and hid when he passed by. The queen caught herself shaking.
As the guards hustled the prisoner out, the queen stopped them, trying to grapple with what had just happened. Before Kissina, the maid struggled loose and fell at her feet. She tearfully begged, “My queen, my lady, please spare my life.”
Still upset the queen asked, “Child, what have you done to anger him so?”
“My queen, if only I had known who he was, I would have given myself easily. I refused him, and he has wanted my death ever since.”
The guards try to protest, but the queen halts them. With eyes heavy on the maid she persists, “What?… can you prove any of this?”
“No, my queen, I am nobody. I only ask that my life be spared out of his sight. I would be grateful to spend the rest of my life in the dark dungeon if it pleases your majesty.”
Kissna took a deep breath, “What in murky waters is going on here!” A guard struggled to accuse the prisoner of lying, but she raised her hand and stopped him. “Not another word! I know you would say anything to protect him. No, you may not speak. Take her down into the kitchens and gardens until I investigate further.”
The desperate guard fell on his knee and placed his hand over his heart, “My queen if only you let me…”
The queen rose up and narrowed her eyes at him. He shut down and what she said next left the men defeated. “There will be no mention of this in any way or form. You are all sworn to secrecy,” she pointed, “and that includes you maidens.” still cornered and whimpering. “The consequences? One word from anyone and all your heads will fall like apples. I cannot allow this story to bleed out of this room.”
• • •
Later, Rose having run for tea earlier, missed all the madness that had taken place while she was gone. But something had changed and try as she may, she couldn’t get anyone to speak of it, or barely speak at all.
Rose observed Kissna rambling through a jewelry box. When she dropped an earring, Rose picked it up and standing face to face, she asked, “My lady, what happened this morning?”
Kissna drew back and gasp, “Who told you?”
“You did, I’ve known you how long? You think I can’t see when something is wrong?”
The bewildered queen sat on her bed, rolling her ring. “Rose, how well do you know Kissly?”
“Well, not much, only her younger years. That Morg and Ivy took good care of her after she lost her parents. After we lost them to the failing, she disappeared. Then she just recently showed up here.”
Rose, wrinkled her brow. “Why, what’s happened?”
“After you left, Von flew into a rage and ordered her immediate execution. Honestly, if I hadn’t stopped him, he would have killed her, right here in my chambers.” Rose covered her mouth with both hands, as the stressed queen continued “In my life, I’ve never seen my son act in such a…,”
Rose pulled a chair close to Kissna. “He was going to kill Kissly?”
Kissna nodded, letting two curls fall out of place. “She claims her only crime was refusing his advances. You know she is my birth blossom. I have always kept a special place in my heart for her. This accusation makes me ill.”
Rose’s eyes dart in thought. “There is something very wrong here. If there is anyone I know, it’s your son. When you were sick, and he was a babe, I held him to my breast with my own Rubin. I keep a close eye on him, he’s your son, but he’s mine too.
The queen questions, “Did you know he was a cryistlum?”
Rose dropped her head, and closed her eyes, her shoulders fell, “Forgive me for not telling you, but I did.” Leaning into the queen, she explains, “But I was also the one who had his half dead body buried in the hot rock, and now he lives.” Rose stood and put her fist to her hip, “This I also know about our boy, if you act like a lady, he will always treat you like one. And if you don’t, well he’ll show you a really good time, and your purse will be a little fatter for it.”
Kissna shook her head, “I don’t want to believe it.”
Rose went on, “Her story makes no sense! The way they fall for him, it’s, it’s actually embarrassing. I’m talking the loveliest flowers and Kissly’s no more than a plain weed.” Rose folded her arms and started to pace, “Where is she now?”
Kissna raised her brows, “I set her free, to work in the kitchen.” She changed the subject, “You know, she never knew the gifts came from me. Ivy thought it would be better that way until she was older, but they died before she was sixteenth. Oh Rose, please sit here next to me.”
Kissna took Rose by the hand and looked her in the eyes, “I have a sinking feeling I’ve made a mistake. I need you to find her and have her locked up until I can get to the just of this story. I want to ask him but not like he is right now.”
“Not to worry, I’ll find it and lock it up.”
“Oh, thank you, I almost lost my faith. You have a way of restoring me. For a moment, I wasn’t so sure. That weed made me doubt myself.” She inhaled and sat up a little taller. “Our boy may not be flawless …,”
The two ladies harmonize, “But he’s almost perfect.” The queen cracked a weak smile.

49.
VON AND BLAIR FIGHT FIRE
On his way to the dams, Von and his soldiers patrolled the countryside looking for villagers still holding out. The smell of smoke was alarming. They couldn’t be here already, the thought flashed through Von’s mind. The smell and then the smoke led them to a small village on fire. Tall trees sent flames towering into the sky.
It seemed every structure was on fire. Von’s men scattered to help. It was perilous as one could hardly see in the bellows of thick black smoke, people rushing everywhere, children screaming, carts and animals suddenly dashing wildly down the road. Von stayed calm.
He spotted a man pulling a cart up to a tall barn, a boy and girl pushed sacks of grain haphazardly out the loft door down onto the cart. Von watched, but the sound of dogs barking caught his attention. A man was on the ground, his dog barking, his barn door was closed, his livestock was trapped inside. This man needed help. Von looked around to see if there was anyone to give him a hand but saw no one.
As he dashed to the man’s aid, more cries rang out as the barn with the children had also caught on fire. The little girl’s screams were hair raising. At the same time, the roof of the barn with the animals was about to collapse.
Von quickly went for the family. The upper barn door was too close to the fire, and their father couldn’t coax the children to jump into the cart. Von climbed a tree and axed a hole in the non-burning side of the barn wall. The children crawl out into his arms and down the tree to their frantic mother. The father pulled the cart around to load up his family.
Von turned his attention back to the barn with the animals trapped inside. On his way down the tree, he thought it was most likely too late as there was a great crashing sound. Back on his horse, which was also giving him a hard time in the dense smoke, he took to the animal barn and could just make out part of the roof had collapsed. But as he got closer, animals came flooding out past him, and the man on the ground was gone. Von made out a group of men on horseback, one came riding up to him. Covered with Ash and his hat missing Von took a sigh of relief to see soldiers had saved the day.
Pulling back, he heard a familiar voice; it was Blair. “Don’t you look a mess, and where’s your hat? He snorted as their horse hustled him around.
“It was you.” Von greeted him eagerly.
“Yes, we could smell the smoke and came as fast as we could.” Just at that moment the rest of the empty barn collapsed, creating a horrific noise.
“Not a moment too soon.” Von cried as they hastily backed off. “What of Hummy Valley?”
“All clear, done, not even a chicken was left behind. How about you?”
“This was it, the last one, they should have been gone. The Outlanders beat us here. I’m sure we lost a few chickens. The rest of the valley is clear.”
Sat back on a ridge, Von assessed the damages and watched as hordes of villagers took to the road. Blair asked, “Have you seen the upper rode to Towten?”
Von shook his head no, as he watched the flames consume the village to the ground.
“It’s overflowing, and the valley is deserted. I think we’ve done a good job of evacuating the lowlands. Any sign of Marcus?”
“None. We had a run in with a few outlanders but no Marcus.” He cracked a lofty smile and clenched his teeth, “It’s not all bad, not long ago I had a hate so hot in my heart, I think it glowed in the dark. When I dwelt upon it, I became ill and had to make trips to the black rock more often. Ha, Ha, no sooner did my focus drift away from that monster, did it show for its just and due punishment. I wish I could have stayed and inflicted it myself, very slow and excruciating.”
Blair watched Von’s face contort into a wicked glower. It was as if each word had a foul overtone he relished spewing before Blair stopped him. “But as you yourself said, not a moment too soon. You wouldn’t have been here to save lives.”
Blair’s words were enlightening, “True…, in any case, the vile beast that murdered Dean and others, was executed,” Von pronounced executed, with an invisible razor sharp blade, “I shall sleep that much deeper in Exiland.”
Trying to change the subject, Blair asked, “You told your father you were leaving and about Donna?”
“Yes, I told them, and I’m still not so sure about Donna.”
Blair threw a hand out as if he was on stage, “Faithfully, I only dreamed that one day Carla will truly be mine.”
Von not wanting to be outdone added, “Well, I only have concern for Donna! No doubt after our wedding night, she’ll be bedridden for days.”
Blair cried, “Towten liar!” causing them to laugh hardily. It is a sobering moment when the fire is only smoldering, and the smoke blows away. “By the way, did your father tell you about the water boys?”
“What water boys?” Von frowned.
“Exiland sent boys with black water to Towten. They were murdered on route.”
Von was a gasp and fuming, Blair had his full attention. “I knew nothing of this. I told them not to enter the forest a hundred times! Why can’t they obey my orders! Well… now they know!”
Blair suggests, “Perhaps Exiland needs a ruler on hand.”
Von took a deep breath. “Maybe you’re right. Watch things here. For all I know, Marcus could be there hiding in the cottage!”
Blair’s mouth fell ajar, “I’ll meet you at the first dam. We’ll make our final plans there.”

50.
VON GIVES DONNA A BITE
Von quickly made his way to Exiland, already on edge, short on time and short fused, he planned to give Donna a stern scolding. Rolling the story over in his mind, he rehearsed her verbal beating, occasionally blurting out the audacity and questioning her reasoning.
Upon arriving, he saw her on the porch and started to storm up the steps but found she was not at all her usual self. Obviously devastated, she greeted him with, “Can you smell it all the way to Towten?” She fell upon him.
He was seeing a side of her he hadn’t seen in a long time, frail and fragile. His intention of delivering a blistering piece of his mind was allayed. No devastating blow he could bring about would have been anywhere as damning as the one already delivered. Von’s eyes searched, it took a moment before he embraced her trembling body.
“The mandolyn oil burned days ago, but I can’t get the smell out of my mind.” She wept and held on to him tight enough to wrinkle his jacket. “It was my fault. I sent them, after you tried to warn me. Why didn’t I listen? My father is furious, he won’t even speak to me. I feel so guilty, I can’t show my face, I…”
Von pushed her back so he could look into her soiled face. “Donna, you didn’t kill anyone, they did. You just got a glimpse of my world, it has a dark side just like me.”
Donna walked away rubbing her forehead. “Those mothers lost their children, young boys. Who would do such a thing?” she sniffled.
Von stood close behind her, gently placing his hands on her shoulders and joined her in gazing at a beautiful view of the black lake. “With them, there are no rules or standards, there is no honor or moral reasoning in this war. We still find bodies, they like you, didn’t understand the enemy.”
Turning to him whimpering, she asked, “Can you stop them?”
“I plan too.”
“If you don’t…”
“I will!” he asserted, his eyes boxing her view.
She staggered sober and answered the question he had pondered since last seeing her. She wiped her eyes. “We need your dark side.” He pulled her in close and for a moment they just firmly held on to the first most somber moment, ever experienced between them.
The embrace reminded him, he took her by the hand and led her to a bench. “Come, I have a surprise for you.” She gave a faint wilted smile. Von pulled out the giant apple his parents had given him.
Donna’s red puffy eyes lit up. “Oh, is that…?”
“Yes, from my father’s tree. I’m surprised you remember it.”
“Well I never tasted the fruit, but I recall you boys tying us girls to it quite often.” She teased.
He held it up, “Here you take the first one.” Eye to eye, he reassured her, and she took a bite. The juice ran down her mouth, she caught it with her tongue. He took a man size bite, and it ran down his hand. He cried out with a mouth full. “Now that’s worth killing for.”
Donna’s smile faded to sad. Von leaned back, pulled her into him and enjoyed the apple, the view, and his Lam.

51.
SALEN SAVES HIS SON
The sun shined brightly into a room full of smiles and laughter. Salen sat at a small round table with two lovely ladies, playing cards. Mollen interrupted and whispered in the king’s ear, and he motioned the ladies away.
Mollen stood with his hands behind his back. “I’m afraid it may be time to pull your son away from his great adventure, there has been a serious development.”
Salen pushed his chair back and ran his hand over his face. “Development?”
“A reliable source told me the TowHummy plan to break dams and flood the burned area.”
“How close are they?”
Mollen took his time answering, rubbing the small whiskers under his bottom lip. Looking off he gave a loud sigh. “Word is, they have cleared the valley.”
“If I send men will it help?”
“I think not.”
“Humm, does my son know?”
“I don’t believe so, the work on the Losmen continues. The information I received was given reluctantly by way of pulling teeth and applying a hot iron.”
The king shook his head, “Those bastards! They’ve done it again. Kept us from getting that gold.” He laughed loudly.
Mollen doesn’t laugh, “Shell I rescue your son, my king?”
“Indeed.”
“And the others?”
“I couldn’t care less. It was their father who put this foolish idea in Harmon’s head in the first place. In any case bring my son home, even if you have to bind and gag him.”
Mollen nodded and left. The king slowly folded his hands and whispered to himself. “There will be hell to pay.”

52.
NEW WORLD JOVIAL
Gabe had been home for some time with his bride to be and her people. For all the stressful anticipation, it had turned into a blissful event. Yes, there were too many, but they weren’t boring, they were exciting. Hummy ideas were popping up everywhere, from the kitchens to Chin’s outdoor classes, to the ladies sewing rooms.
The Towten expected the Hummy to clan together in little groups to themselves, but they were wrong. Rarely did one see that, rather where Towten gathered, Hum infused themselves. Towten gave the Hum an exalted status as the ones with the new ideas. A year ago, this may have sent their noses to the ceiling, but today they understood that all improvements weren’t just Tow improvements, they had to live there too. If they wanted to live the way they did in Hum Palace, they would have to share the light. And the Tow were most happy to bask in it.
With so many extra working hands and minds, an area could become unrecognizable within a week, you could get lost. A hall where there was none before, an exit suddenly was a new wing, and a staircase suddenly had a balcony with more rooms. And light bled in from everywhere, skylights, windows, and the angled mirrors pull the sunshine in during the day and put the halls on fire with torchlight at night.
With such a buzzing environment of new friends and associates, it was no wonder the evenings became much longer. Towten found they suddenly had lots of reasons to stay up late, dancing, playing cards, the Hummy even put on a show. The Towten had never seen such a thing. Needless to say, dinner was a big occasion every night, as the kitchens were anxious to display their new creations.
Though every night seemed like a great feast to the Towten, for the Hummy this particular day was a day to give thanks. The harvest was a bit early, but it was a good one. They had all come a long way.
It was after dinner when the music started to put everyone in a more jovial mood. When the base hit a certain cord, the ladies recognized the beat and bounced from their seats. It had been a while since they had heard this one.
It was a dance with only women. They stand in a circle, preferably in the eyesight of the one they love. Ladies with no man go to a center circle, and very young ladies go to an even deeper circle. Of course, Nina, Carla, and Monica were among the first to hit the floor but took a moment, and with some resistance, drag the queen out with them.
As the music begins, they took posing steps forward and a step backward, head and shoulders lifted one at a time. Like fine tall birds, this passionate display was directed at him only, and as the music changes tempo the head goes side to side, and the shoulders move fast enough to shake the breast and hips. And as the men stomp to the beat, the ladies clap their hands over their heads. All along keeping their eyes on their one and only love. The music softens, and the ladies turn their backs to the men and exchange a spin with the single women, landing them back eye to eye with their true love. Slamming cups and stomping, the men couldn’t take their eyes off the lovelies.
Gabe saw his mother as he had never seen her. A special alluring beauty, obviously reserved only for his father. He had a sudden understanding about them. The look on his father’s face was also eye opening. Gabe had never seen him look at any woman like that, Von maybe but never the king.
When the music slowed, Monica and the single ladies came forward, with not much zeal, as it should be. But in that moment of jubilee, time slowed for Gabe, and he took a second to look around. He was awestruck at the sight of Hummy and Towten, so many, in one spot, in perfect harmony. He scanned the room, Blair, Del, even Chin, friends, and families, shaking the walls with banging cups and cheerful stomping. His Nina recaptured his attention, but he gave his father a quick glance, only to find him staring back with an expression of sheer joy, as if to say, (I’m so proud of you my son.) And Von was nowhere in sight!
The king and queen had gone to bed, but the party lingered for the younger ones. In the mitts of card games and not so exciting dancing, this being a night of observation for Gabe, he took notice of his friend Del. Though, handsome and witty, he was a little out of sorts with Gabe seemingly snatched out of his life. Suddenly Gabe had true purpose as it should be. But it didn’t mean Del didn’t feel it. Gabe decided he needed a distraction and just at that moment Monica walked by as she often did since his return. He had somehow inherited the gaze she once only bestowed upon Del.
However, Gabe didn’t have time for such things, but loud laughter led him to just the two people he could unload such a task. Perfectly suited in all manner, Nina and Carla. So, he whispered in Nina’s ear his dilemma, and she whispered to Carla. A little back and forth, a short glance at Monica, proceeded by nods and smiles then a quick glance at Del, looking him up and down with some disapproval and then a loud burst of laughter that caught his attention and caused him to wonder.
Nina softly whispered in Gabe’s ear, that it would be done, passing an extraordinary kind of smile, expressed only between the two of them. The look was as if only their plans mattered, as if only they could truly trust one another in this world.
• • •
There was to be a ball, the first ball in honor of the United TowHummy. Everyone was excited as this was a time to expect all to show their best, bring out the best and wear their best. It was the perfect time to reveal the new Monica.
On the day of the ball, Monica had her dress laid out beautifully. And her mother gave her a set of beautiful earrings to wear, and a ribbon with a matching brooch she had seen her mother ware. But her father came from the door with a request, an invitation for Monica to join the princesses. Impressed, her parents only reminded her to return in time to get dressed for the ball. A young boy led Monica to their domain, a section of the palace where most Hummy nobles stayed along with Gabe and a few others.
Monica and the princesses were no strangers as they were seen together quite often. However, she had never gone to the newly constructed side of the palace, as for some time, it had been dusty and noisy with work moving in and about making it hazardous, so she was not allowed there. Since being completed, this was her first invitation. She had great expectations as word was out that it was exquisite.
The ladies greeted her at the tall door and led her to the bath. Not as large as the one in Hummy, but still quite elaborate and every bit extravagant. First, there was some explaining to do. They told her, they were tired of always being the talk of the ball, everyone’s eyes on them all the time and they wanted someone else to get all the attention for once. “Would you please be that person for us?” they whined.
Monica’s jaw dropped. “Oh, but my dress, I left it at…”
“No need for your dress.” They assured her. “We will take care of everything.”
Next was to explain Chin’s daughters. “These ladies will help us dress.” They gathered around them with smiling faces. Faces Monica had never seen, they greeted her in a language she had never heard, and they were strangely but elegantly dressed like she had never seen.
The handmaids began to undress her with some fuss as Monica was not noble enough to have ever had personal maidens. But after watching Nina and Carla completely unwind down to nudity, she quickly learned to follow along and relax. Monica never had her body washed by anyone since she was a child. Fragrant oils were massaged into her skin, all even to her fingertips. She watched Carla lounge as scented smoke blew into swirls near her head and two maidens’ fan dried Nina’s hair, as it hung out on long poles.
They brought dresses for Monica to try on. Dresses worthy of a queen or princess. She would pose, and Nina would shake her head no until she modeled a bright floral full gown. Nina blinked a few times and sat up. “Lala? What do you think of this one?” Carla opened her relaxed eyes and judged, “Yes, yes, that’s the one.”
With tender care, they made up her face, placed ornaments in her hair, and jeweled shoes on her feet. While Monica was bedazzled, Nina and Carla had hardly moved and seemed to enjoy dressing up the living doll. She was dazed by the earrings they placed on her ears. Only the queen had such things.
At last, with all three adorned, there was only one more thing to do, face inspection. They were led across the hall and waited in a large plush room. Monica was drawn in by the unusual furniture of such fine carving. This was the Chin family quarters, there in Towten palace. Abruptly, Chin entered the room, larger than life. He stared, then uplifted their heads and meticulously examined them for even a hair out of place. After a pull here and a tug there, he released them. Before Monica could ask a question, Carla answered, “We’ll explain later.”
The double doors to the ballroom were closed, and the three stood just outside ready for their grand entrance. Just as joyful music started, the ladies motioned for the servants to open the doors. As if magical they floated in, three lush flowers. All but the music stopped as they knew it would. There was no question as to the princesses but who was the other? The beautiful fresh face did indeed steal the show.
Monica greeted her parents bringing a tear to her mother’s eyes. But to the young lady’s back, was another pair. Del’s gaze was heavy on the strange, alluring bloom. Gabe couldn’t resist his moment. “Yes…, that’s Monica.” Lovely, isn’t she? Del was speechless and dumbfounded. All night he couldn’t stop watching her. Then when their eyes met, the stare was a bit too long. He said nothing, and when she recalled how mean he could be, she turned away. Later he rushed her suddenly and stumbled over his words, asking her to dance. After watching them spin for the fourth time, Gabe gave Nina that special look, well done, my beauty.
As the ball raged on, the radiant Carla found herself wanting to be alone. What’s the use in glowing if he’s not here to see me, she thought?
Blair and his men had gathered to meet Von and blow the dams.

53.
MARKUS DISCOVERS
In the middle of the busy Sawtee camp, Ward and Deven made their way to Markus’s tent. A smoldering Ward struggled to keep his voice down. “I swear, I could so easily leave the dull witted, pinched brain idiot here. To think I’ve been drinking mud water all this time for nothing!… We were noblemen! The name Ward was respected. Now it’s pronounced, reward… for my head.”
Not wanting to draw attention, Deven whispered, “Calm down, we’re just as responsible. He could never have gotten this far without our help. Now we need to stick together and find a way out of this mess.”
When they enter Marcus’s luxurious tent, they found him lounging with one of his beautiful maidens fanning him as he lay napping. In a low, gravelly voice and a dark face, Deven cried, “Marcus, wake up.”
He didn’t move and was not to happy about being disturbed. But Deven continued with a bite in his tone, “My first messenger never returned. I sent another. He just got back with your report.” His dark silhouette moved in closer, and Marcus sat up, and the maidens ran off as the conversation started to look uncomfortable.
Deven tilted his head and went on, “Ruskin is dead.” His teeth showed, and his nose wrinkled when he dropped the word dead. “The Towten have taken off with your little princess cousins, and Blair has taken what’s left of Hummy and joined forces with the Towten.”
Marcus looked up at both men and rubbed his forehead. “I’m not surprised about Blair. It’s no matter, with every man, woman, and child, they still don’t stand a whisper of a chance.”
Ward bent over into Marcus’s face and spats, “Oh, well would you be surprised to know the Towten plan to flood the Losmen and kill everyone in it? But before that happens, I plan to be on the other side, where I have a… whisper of a chance.”
Marcus gave him a warning look, but Ward barely backed off. Punching his fist into his hand, he turned away.
Deven getting his attention, “Seriously Marcus, what do you think your so-called brother will do when he finds out this war is over?”
Marcus sat with his head in his hands. “Okay, okay, let me think.”
Ward lunged, “Let you think? Do you really…” Deven held him back and addressed both men.
“Whatever we do it must be done quickly and discretely. Marcus, they could be flooding it right now, after which, the only way to flee is the mountains, and we would never survive it.”
Marcus looked up, “Of course, you’re right. Now would be a good time to rush back to Hummy… where I’m king.”
Ward mumbled, “More like a roasted pig.” And left the tent.
Deven exhaled, “We leave tonight.”

54.
HARMON DISCOVERS MARCUS HAS FLED
It had come to Harmon’s attention that Marcus and his men were missing. It was confirmed when a soldier entered his crowded tent. “My prince, we have completed our search, there is no trace of them. Their horses and all their belongings are gone. Should we give chase?”
“No,” Harmon waved him off. “The devils, they must have left during the night, but why?”
A lounging Seth considered out loud, “Maybe they wised up a bit, or maybe he could no longer see the family resemblance.”
Still in a humorous mood, his brother Eion added, “Or better yet, maybe they figured it wouldn’t be too long before you strung them up by their pigtails.
The brothers chuckled and gulped their ale, but not Harmon. He questioned one of his captains, “How long before we reach the Inland?”
“Just a few days, maybe fifty miles left. But it is still narrow at best. This is no normal forest. But what we have cleared can be easily traveled.”
“Good enough, we ride, tomorrow. Marcus desertion will be my excuse for killing him… as if I need an excuse.” Harmon walked the floor, twisting his whiskers and questioning out loud, “But why did he leave?”
• • •
Early the next morning, Seth and Eion stood guard outside Harmon’s tent as soldiers stir the dust and ready for war. Overnight Harmon had vanished along with a small portion of his army. Seth balled his fist, “Snake, he thinks he can get the jump on us. Now that it’s all primed for an easy takeover, he thinks he can beat us to the gold. We have enough men here to catch up and overrun him.”
Eion, shook his head, “All along, this was his sneaky, sly plan. To beat us to the prize. Now I see it. Clearly Marcus is his true brother. Salen is behind all of this. Let him go, we’ll be there in time to claim this victory. Let him prepare the way, we’ll stay on his heels, then step in and take over.” He snickered.
A soldier approached him with a sealed note. He reads it.
“Well?” Seth waited eagerly,
“It’s from Salen’s man, Mollen, he claims the TowHummy plan to flood the Losmen and all will be lost. He suggests we retreat!” He crushed the note and threw it to the ground in anger. “So, this is how he plans to keep us off Harmon’s trail. This close and he really thinks we would turn back? Flood that forest, with what? Where would they find enough water to flood the Losmen? This is treachery. When this is over, we slaughter Salen and take Sawtee too.”

55.
ROSE FINDS KISSLY
Despite reports of food occasionally missing from the kitchen, there were no signs that Kissly ever arrived there or in the gardens to work. This alarmed Rose as she and the queen wanted to keep her lies under wraps. So, she stayed ever vigilant, checking and questioning others quite often.
With all the construction, it was easy to forget a few places or perhaps they were temporarily blocked. Such was one spot in the kitchen. A door leading down to a storage area had been renovated for better use, but there was a lower level, and Rose wondered just how far they had gone. So, she made her way to the newly revamped storage area, found a door to a dark flight of stairs full of dust and cobwebs.
Light came in from small grubby oblong windows near the ceiling. There were two open rooms, one full of dusty old furniture, the other, old pots, pans, broken bowls and dishes of all kinds. But as she passed a table, she noticed a fresh handprint in the thick dust, along with a few smudges, then shoe prints and breadcrumbs.
Finding Kissly’s hideout, Rose placed her fist on her hips. “Ah, so here’s where you’ve been hiding. Come on out of there before I beat you out.” Kissly crawled out from a floor cabinet. Rose had a smug smile, “I’ve been looking all over for you. Come with me.”
The dusty Kissly disputed, “I don’t have to go with you, I’m under the queen’s protection, she told me I could work in the kitchen.”
“I know, she’s who sent me! Now come on, we’re going to get to the bottom of this.” Rose turned her back to lead the way, but Kissly had no intention of getting to the bottom of it. She picked up a large water vase and pounced it on Rose’s head. Rose fell to the floor like a rag doll.
Kissly quickly dragged her body back into a corner, took off her scarf and gagged her. She pulled a burlap sack apart and tied her hands and feet. She then pulled her hair back, wiped her face and put on Rose’s clean apron before going upstairs.
Rose eventually awakened but no one could hear her muffled cries.
• • •
At dinner, there was the usual hustle and bustle of servants running about, lots of eating, drinking, talking and laughing. With the new menus, dinner was not to be missed. The table was a clutter with color, the dress was casual, and the music was gay.
Then the dog approached for his regular game with the king. The king pulled food from his plate and placed it on the edge of the table in front of him. In no time the dog was there, and when the king turned his head, the dog stole it. The King stood up, “Why you mangy dog you! You snatched my dinner, wait till I get my hands on you. I’ll have your floppy ears for this!” The children roared with laughter.
The King poured a small amount of wine into a dish and also left it there. But a cat lapped it up quickly and jumped from the table. The noisy dinner room proceeded as platters of luscious dishes are laid out, and soft music is played. The queen leaned over to whisper something to her husband, he broke bread in two and laid the butter on heavy. He bit into in it and reached for his goblet of wine to wash it down, he put it to his lips and filled his mouth. Then spit it out on the floor and frowned at the goblet with disgust and query then hollered. “What is this sweet syrupy…”
The music stopped, then a child screamed, holding her face in horror with her eyes fixed on the dead cat near the table. A man handed the king another goblet, “Water, water, it just plain water!” The King gulped the water and washed his mouth out, repeatedly.
Gabe and the queen were up from their seats shocked, terrified and alarmed. The dinner hall erupted into complete chaotic confusion as the king was rushed away. Someone has just tried to poison the Towten King!

56.
KISSLY AND ROSE ARE FOUND
In a large receiving room, the king sat on his throne and waved the physicians away. The queen stood behind him resting her chin against his head, her face gray with worry and her brow arched with fear. They were alone.
“My heart, are you sure you’re feeling well?” She asked.
The king patted her hand and pulled on his beard, “Yes love, I’m fine. A little achy but that’s nothing unusual.” He paused in thought, “To think, Jordan, Tabor, and his wife, Beth all gone, good friends, good people.” He shook his head. “It seemed to me that we were getting along so well with the Hummy. I would have never imagined they would try to kill me and almost did!”
“Don’t say such things, you are my heart.” She dug her fingers into his shoulders. “I cannot live without a heart. I would truly be the living dead without you.”
The huge door opened, it was Gabe, looking a bit content and walking confidently.
“Father?”
“I’m fine, what have you found?”
Kissna interrupted, “Did you find Rose?” she clenched her dress, taking a few steps down from the throne.
“Not yet mother, but we have narrowed the suspects down to Kissly. Apparently, she was seen in the kitchen with that particular pitcher of wine. She handed it off to a boy and instructed him that it was the king’s special wine and it was to be given to only you. She is being hunted down as we speak.”
The king raised his eyebrows, “I trust you’ve put the rumors and accusations to rest?”
“Yes father,” Gabe blinked his eyes a few times. “I’m relieved to say the palace is once again at peace, and that the accused is not only an enemy of ours but is said to be an associate of Marcus.”
Gabe then gave his mother a quizzical look, “The guards claim Von sentenced her to death, and you stopped her execution?”
“Yes, she lied to me,” Kissna angrily paced the floor. “I should have known, I just wanted to believe her.” Stopping to face Gabe, she asked, “What is the truth? I still don’t understand.”
“Mother, Kissly is a notorious murderer. She poisoned Dean and six of Von’s finest. Two of his best captains, Bear and Glen, the old man Menno and the ladies from the tavern. He’s convinced she may have also killed her adopted parents.”
The queen staggered back in horror. “Oh no, that couldn’t have been her. How is it I never knew any of this?”
Gabe looked at her compassionately, “Von knew she was your birth blossom. He didn’t want to hurt you.”
Kissna’s eyes wandered wildly, a string of hair fell out of place, and she trembled for a moment. “Rose, I sent Rose to find her. What are the chances she killed her?” Gabe answered her pleading eyes with a blank look. The door opened, the queen quickly turned away and composed herself, every hair is back in place. She sat on her throne.
The guards drag in the struggling angry Kissly. They threw her to the floor before the king.
Vincent leaned forward, his brow dipped deep. “What do you have to say for yourself, murderess?”
Kissly arrogantly raised her head, “I did what I did for my king and my people, I’m Sawtee!”
In an instant, Kissna was out of her seat, enraged she rushed her. “You fool, you are no more Sawtee than I am! What would make you say such a dull and witless thing?”
Kissly replied smugly, “Not long ago a merchant came with three boxes of wonderful things from Sawtee. He was on his way to the Hummy prince. A few days later I received a beautiful bracelet.” She looked off as if mentally diluted. “Then I saw him one day,” her voice rose with joy, “my dear Marcus. I showed him the gifts he had sent me.”
All watch and wonder if she had lost her mind.
She continued, “A handsome man in the tavern told me the story of how I was kidnaped as a babe, that my true family was never able to rescue me but that they sent me beautiful gifts. Then I finally met my brother Prince Marcus, he told me this valley belongs to us. I am a true Sawtee Princess, and I would do anything,” She glared at Vincent, “even kill a king for my brother. I may die, but Marcus will prevail.”
Kissna’s fist were so tight, her nails dug into her palms. It was all she could do to keep her rage under control. She narrowed her eyes, “You are truly a wickless candle. The gifts you receive were from me. Have you not noticed your birthdate is the same as mine? I loved, protected and trusted you, my only birth blossom. I was there when you were born.” Kissna’s words fell on her like stones to the head. “You have made that day the saddest for me.”
Kissly put her hands to her ears and wailed, “No, no, you lie, you lie!”
Vincent pointed and declared, “Take it out and execute it… immediately!”
The guards rustle her to her feet, then the queen called out, “Wait, wait, before you die, do one right thing! Tell us, where is Rose?”
“Ha,” she spat at Kissna, just missing her. “It’s too late, you’ll never find your dear, dear Rose.”
Kissna’s hands still by her side, flexed like claws and the look in her eyes momentarily frightened Kissly. Her face dropped, and she shut down. Vincent waved her off.
Gabe had never seen his mother so heated. Looking into her face, he could hardly fathom her pain. “Mother, have no fear we will find Rose, I promise before it dies, it will tell me where she is.”
Kissna seemed to pop out of her fuming stupor, “Yes, yes,” she turned away and added calmly. “I want the skin slowly peeled from her face until she talks. I want her to burn slowly like a pig until there is nothing but ash and then I want the ashes dumped into the filth water that washes from the stables.”
When she finished, she was standing calmly at a window, looking out at the sunset. “Gabe, Von…?”
“Mother, Von will find out about this, no doubt as we speak someone is on his way to tell him.”
Gabe gave his father a troubled look. Vincent nodded, and he left to find Rose.
As if beaten, the queen rushed the king, kneeling by his side she laid her head in his lap and tearfully pleaded. “Vincent, please forgive me. I was such a fool. Why does everyone want to believe a Sawtee lie?”
“I don’t know, you tell me. I have told you before, in matters regarding Von, you are to come to me.” She grabbed his hand tightly, but he didn’t respond. His brow dipped deep in profound thought, “How disturbing, I am surrounded by my once sworn enemy, and it’s one of my own people who almost killed me.” He pushed the queen off and walked away. Kissna fell to the floor sobbing.
• • •
Later, the queen sat on her throne alone, rolling her ring and tapping her shoe. She was drained, thoughts of Rose cut her breath short with anxiety. This had been one of the longest days of her life. She was full of regret, as none of this would have happened if only she had let Von do what he does so well, rule. Perhaps the flood will stop him from ever finding out what she had done. Then there’s Gabe, she let her anger show a side of her persona she never wanted him to see, a dark mean side. And he was appalled, she saw it on his face. In between sighs, she mumbled, “He will never forget it. And Vincent’s cut to the heartstrings had definitely shortened her life.”
It was so late the queen was starting to nod off when the loud creak of the door, jarred her alert. It was Gabe, with Rose. The ladies rushed one another with a ravenous embrace. The smile of great satisfaction covered Gabe’s face, and he left them alone.
Hands in one another’s hands, Rose cried, “Vincent?”
“Oh, thank god he’s alive, he’s fine, he didn’t swallow it.”
Locked into each other’s eyes, they had a tearful giggle.

57.
57. He’s Dying
Early the next morning Kissna was lying in the king’s bed, where she had decided to spend the night to keep an eye on him and alluringly try to slip back into his good graces.
She opened one eye and with a slight smile, scooted her behind against her husband, but he didn’t respond. She did it again, but nothing. Her smile turned into a pouty sulk.
“Heart, are you still upset with me? I am so deeply sorry. Please, please forgive me. Just tell me what I…” She sat up, turned to him, and saw he was drenched in sweat. She ran her hand over his face, anxiously crying, “Heart, Vincent? Vincent! Wake up!”
Terrified, she jumped out of bed, ran down the hall screaming, “Help me, Help, call the physician! Rose, Rose. Dear god, Rose, where are you?”
• • •
Later, Queen Kissna, Gabe, and physicians stood anxiously by the king’s bedside as Rose gives the king the dark blue. She turned to their wide, hopeful eyes, “He should be feeling better soon but don’t let that fool you. I can tell by the color of his skin it’s in his blood. He needs the hot black rock of Exiland, or he will die.”
Kissna gasped.

58.
MARCUS RUNS
Marcus was in his office, behind a large desk, at the abandoned Hummy palace. His desk was covered with stacks of books. A huge lively illustrated map had his attention. The sun beamed through a window into the cluttered unkept room, making dust particles dance and swirl, especially when Deven walked in and sat in the only empty space on the edge of the desk.
With sharp sarcasm, he reported, “My king, this place is deserted. We haven’t seen as much as a stable boy’s dog.” He tilted his head, “Can you smell the smoke? It’s from the Losmen. Not from me cooking, because there’s nothing in the kitchen, not even a potato bud, or a pot to cook it in.”
Marcus had his nose stuck to the map, now with a magnifying glass. Deven continued, “I’ve been wondering, are we waiting for something? Like after the flood, when everything has calmed down, there won’t be a Towten, Hummy or Sawtee, that doesn’t want to roast our hearts over a flaming spit.”
Marcus looked intense and ran his fingers over a map and tapped a spot. “Relax, I believe I’ve found us a new, most perfect home.” He gave Deven a sly smirk. “I think the Towten sanctuary needs a king. All the TowHummy will be watching and waiting for the Sawtee to attack. Meanwhile, I’ll take their little hidden paradise, and by the time the waters have subsided, it will be too late.”
Deven moved and gave the map book a serious and encouraging study.
“Gather the men, we will need them.
Deven gave Marcus a wide eye. “You found it?”
“Not quite, but I suspect there will be tracks along here, there’s a small narrow canyon.” He pointed, “The map shows it just ends. I suspect not.”
Looking confused, Deven spouted, “I’ve been there, and I saw nothing. It’s a tall narrow canyon, dark, full of huge fallen boulders. It’s a dead end, a place you could get cornered and killed in easily.”
“Did you enter it?”
“No, why would I?”
“That’s exactly why I know that’s it. You would never think it led to paradise. Now gather the men before it’s too late!”
Deven stared at Marcus a moment and nodded. “You may be right.”

59.
VON BLOWS THE DAM
In an open tent, Von, Blair and other men, crowded a table covered with maps, scrolls, and drawings. Kelvin, the main engineer, had everybody’s attention. He pointed to the map, “Everyone is in place, and everything is ready.” He moved his fingers across the drawing. “Dam one, we drop the boulder here, dam two, when the water breaches, drop another soon after and the last one after that. It was a solemn moment as everyone knew if it wasn’t done right, the damage would be horrific. Not one thing would be left standing, and the Losmen was a wild creature of nature, they had no idea what she might morph into.
Von lifted the mood with a pat on the back, “Job well done. In this manner, it should flow directly into the Losman and heal her scorched wounds. And hopefully, it won’t take too long to restore the road, fields, farms, and countryside.”
Kelvin stood a little taller, looked around and inhaled deeply. “I guess this is it then, we’ll be off.” Von gave a smirky smile, and the man left, with a few trailing behind, granting Von well wishes in Exiland.
With everyone gone, Blair could see this move laid heavy on Von. It was an abrupt change, and although he knew his friend had no idea what a wonderful experience awaited him, there was no way to put his mind at ease.
But before Blair could assure him all would be fine; a messenger ran in with a note. The look on Von’s face alarmed Blair that the Sawtee were already upon them. Von lashed out in anger and handed the letter to Blair. “What, what is it?” he bellowed.
The note explained that the Kissly woman had attempted to kill his father. Von was livid, reeling and ranting, “An attempt was made to poison my father, made by none other than the murdering slime dragon, Kissly.”
“I thought you…?
“I did!” Von roared, “It seems my mother, saw fit to ignore my orders and send the devil to the kitchen to prepare my father’s meals.” Leaning over the table on his fist, his whole body shook with rage, “I can’t leave them. I can’t stay in Exiland a year. They wouldn’t survive it.”
Blair pulled him by the arm, “No Von, you won’t survive it. Trust me.” He stares Von down. “I can take care of this, these are my people too. Truly, you can’t help them if you are dead.”
Von deflated and ran his hand over his troubled face. It was a sickening feeling, being helpless. Blair, a man he would have killed without ever knowing, was now the one he would have to trust. How things had indeed changed.
A loud shout from outside, let them know the first boulder had dropped. With puckered brows and grave expressions, they bid each other farewell, with a firm arm shake. Von relented, “Thanks, my friend.”
Sincerely Blair added, “I will love them all as I love my own.” There was a flash of emotion. As he turned to leave, he added. “One last thing.” Von looked up. “Keep your eyes open, word is, Marcus is on the run from Sawtee. He’s out here somewhere.”
Von lit up, but Blair warned, “Von, there’s no time. If he survives, we’ll give him his day in hell.”
Von snared “Snake!”
Blair stood in thought for a loaded moment.

60.
THE KINGS OF EXILAND
In the afternoons dim light, the king sat at a round table holding his wife’s hand. Gabe, Rose, and Pedee were also present. All eyes are on the king, intensely.
With a deep voice of great authority, a weakened Vincent bellowed, “That’s impossible, I could never leave. How could I do such a thing? Leave, right now, in the midst of an invasion?”
Rose dropped her head. The table was silent as the prospects were grave. Kissna never raised her eyes or took a breath. The king explained, “Do you have any idea what kind of chaos that would cause, if all of a sudden the people see their king flee? What a catastrophe. What a disgrace. It’s better I stay here and die.” Kissna gasp and wilted. Vincent gently squeezed her hand.
Gabe’s eyes wandered then land on Rose, “Rose, how long do we have?”
She looked up, her eyes red with no tears, she took a much needed deep breath and spoke clearly. “Healing water we have plenty. Von sent guards to bring barrels safely from Exiland. The deep blue, I have only one more, and I wouldn’t hesitate to give it to your father… but it would only prolong the inevitable, he will die.” She pleaded, “He needs the hot black rock.”
Gabe swallowed hard, “How much time before the dams go, a day, two days?”
Pedee burst, “Very little I would think. Last I saw my prince, he said goodbye.”
The table sat quietly for a moment until Vincent conceded, “I’m alright with it. You’ll all do fine without me.” But for Kissna, Gabe, Rose, and Pedee, it was unthinkable.
Gabe ran his hands over his face and into his messy hair. “No, there has to be a way. Blair hasn’t returned, he’ll know how much time we have.”
“The hot rock will take a day.” Rose adds, “Can we get back in time?” All eyes fall on the king as if to ask, are you willing to risk it?
Then Pedee popped out of his seat, eyes wide with excitement. “I’ve got it! I’ve got it. You, my prince, must banish the king!”
With frowns and shaking of heads, they questioned such thinking, until Vincent jumped up, full of newfound vigor. “By God, he’s right, it’s perfect.” The king started to pace the floor in thought. “Gabe, you have to send me away. Let’s see, you’ll need a good excuse.”
As if the penny had just dropped, Rose leaped from her seat fanning her hands. “Oh yes, I see it.” Gabe and his mother looked at each other with optimistic loss.
Rose asked Pedee, “But why would Gabe do such a thing?”
“Oh, he’s, he’s angry.”
“Angry, about what?” Eyes fall on Gabe.
The penny finally falls for Gabe. “Oh, now I understand. He didn’t run away, I sent him away.”
“Exactly.” Vincent cried, “But why, why would you do that? There has to be conflict, conflict of thinking!”
The queen still wasn’t sure what was going on, but she understood the difference between judgment and reasoning. “You mean like, old world and new world thinking?”
“Yes, yes,” the king rubbed his hands together. “I’ve just been poisoned. We understand Kissly did it, but what if I refused to believe you and blamed the Hummy? You and Blair defend them and consider me intolerant, a hindrance and a burden to the newfound peace. You know, old world and so on.”
Gabe replied slowly to his father, in a very silent room, “And I exile you?”
The king leaned on a high backed chair and gave a weak smile, “Gabe, you and I will have an earsplitting argument, where I accuse the Hummy of trying to poison me. You defend them.”
“It would have to be loud, we’ll open windows, everyone has to hear it.” Rose cried. “It has to be the talk of the town.”
The king took Gabe by the shoulders and squared him in the face. “Son, you’ll have to sway the Towten. I can say lots of bad things about both, but you’ll have to be the hero and verbally rescue them all.”
Gabe looked lost in thought. Then Rose smiled and reminded him, “You know, how you used to feel about your father and brother and Exil. Well, now you’ll be giving the king a dose of his own treatment.” The king gave him a puckered brow.
Gabe brightened up, “But I had no idea, I mean they have no idea. It’s the most wonderful place.”
“You’ve been there?” Vincent asked surprised.
“Only recently and it was a Hummy who showed me the way. Father, mother, the people there are waiting for you. They love you.” Rose nodded, and the king and queen gave each other a promising gaze.
“Father, you know I can handle this, I’m not Von but the way things are right now, I’d like to think I’m much better suited than he would be. With Blair by my side, this will truly be TowHummy.”
At first, the king gave Gabe a puzzled gaze, then a calmness came over him. He tilted his head back then pulled on his beard, made some closed mouth grunts, making everyone feel uncomfortable. Then he smirked, “Actually, I think you’re quite capable. Besides, it’s not like I won’t still be king.”
“By all means.” Gabe nodded and smiled.
Everyone went back to their seats as Vincent put it, “We must take great care in executing this plan, but I like it.”
Then abruptly, a messenger from Blair arrived and addressed the king and queen. “By sundown tomorrow, the waters will start to fill the Valley.” At that moment, a cloud moved, and sun shined into the room, or was it just the beaming faces?
• • •
Now alone, Kissna’s chair had gravitated next to the king. “Well I have to admit, it was getting to be a bit too much for me.” The king grumbled as they lounged on one another. “Too much noise, too much to eat, too much to drink, too much excitement. It seems they’re up all night, and they sleep all day.”
“I have to agree,” Kissna added, “There’s so much hustle and bustle. I just try to stay out of the way. I’m starting to lie around a lot, doing a lot of nothing. I’m getting lazy.”
“I think they will do just fine without us. It’s a wonder, just watching these two kingdoms come together. Never would I have dreamed it possible. I’m such a relic.” He kissed her on the head. “This place seems to be bubbling over with possibilities, and I see love and beauty around every corner. I could never be more proud of my sons. If I died today, I would be content in my passing.”
At that, Kissna sighed, “I will miss the children and Rose, how do I live without her for a whole year?” Her eyes teared up.
“There will be other children. You must be strong. No one can see you cry. You’ll make it hard on others if they see you so unhappy. You are my queen, so hold your head up and kiss them goodbye.” There was a pause because his heart was also heavy. On a sad note, he added, “Tomorrow we put our friends to rest. If Kissly hadn’t been trying to kill me, they would still be here.”
Thoughts of a new life filled their heads, the new adventure excited them. Vincent added with a chuckle, “Conner says our new home has a huge throne room with an oversized embellished thrown. I can’t wait to see Von’s face when he arrives and sees me, already sitting there.”
But little did they know that a messenger was on his way to tell Von his father is on his deathbed.

61.
THE WINDUP
Blair found Kalvin on his way to the second dam. Along the way, they discuss the weapon they were about to unleash when they notice a rider moving quickly in the danger zone. He wasn’t dressed like an Outlander, so they decided to cut him off, and Blair asks, “Who are you and what’s your business in this area?”
The man pulled out a note and replied, “I am a special messenger for Lord Blair.”
Blair grabbed it. The change in his expression was alarming. Blair recognized the handwriting to be Carla’s. It told of Gabe’s plan to exile the king. Blair had a decision, knowing what Von would do if he received the latter. On the other hand, there was no doubt he would find out, and the trust between them would be broken.
Before Kalvin could ask, Blair pulled himself together, “Kalvin, you have to stop the flood.”
Kalvin’s mouth fell ajar. “But I can’t, it has started.”
“You have to. Take what men you can find, halt the boulders on dams two and three. That should slow it down.”
“But the water will devastate the valley. It may never be the same. It’s too much, it could take half the mountain out with it!”
“Hurry, the king’s life is at stake.” Kalvin’s mouth fell open again, and the two men dashed off.
• • •
Von had a reputation for the dramatic at times when he received unpleasant news. Knowing he was about to deliver the devastating message that his father was on his deathbed, made the messenger a little edgy. So, when he arrived at the camp and found only one guard posted outside, he promptly jumped off his horse, handed the note to the guard and attempted to leave. However, the guard who was a very big man, pulled him off his horse before he could make his dash. He shoved the note in his shirt and pushed the little guy into the tent. As suspected, a few moments later there came a roar so loud, birds flew from the surrounding trees. And the little messenger ran out, jumped on his horse and raced off.
The guard prepared their horses, and upon seeing the scowl on Von’s face, he dares not ask.
Von told the guard, “I need you to go back to the dam and stop all work. Clear everyone, then go home and… and be safe. Hurry!” The guard nodded, and Von took to the wind as fast as his horse would take him. He had to see his father one last time.
• • •
The early evening’s loud brawl between Gabe and Vincent left the king and queen, giggling in their bed. Even with doors closed, nosey ears got the message, Gabe was everyman’s champion. And there was no place for an old world stick in the mud, in the new world of peace. The king and queen were banished and to be escorted to Exiland immediately. Tongues caught on fire with the earth shaking gossip, and all waited for morning to see if it were really true.
They had a long ride ahead and not wanting to get caught in the flood, they decided to leave in the morning. It was a little chilly, but that didn’t stop crying women and children from lining up for a last hug. The king, dressed in his best Towten blue and sporting his crown, mounted his draped horse and the queen, with a huge Towten blue bow on her dress, climbed into a waiting loaded down carriage.
Twenty soldiers, carrying banners, escorted the Royals as they exited the palace courtyard. The proud king looked straight ahead. Guards tried to hold his favorite dog, but he broke away, and though the king never looked, he couldn’t hold back the smile.
Before the queen’s carriage could leave the courtyard, Rose ran up to the window and handed Kissna a small bottle. “I found a few drops more.” Kissna took the bottle and caressed Rose’s face. Rose took the hand and pressed it to her lips, red eyes to red eyes. “No, you keep it, my precious friend, there will be plenty where we’re going.”
Rose whimpered, “It’s a most beautiful place, you will be fine there. I shall so miss you dearly.”
Despite the planned loud quarrels and name calling, the streets of Towten were crowded with well wishers, Towten and Hummy, waving, crying out blessings and throwing flowers. Kissna cried, but tears of joy and Vincent could not keep the smile off his face. What was expected to be a sad procession became a jubilant one.
Gabe watched from a palace window. His face stressed, Del joined him with a sick look. Pacing the floor, rubbing hands and pulling hair, there was no rest for any of them. Faced with such a choice, but it was the king’s choice.
“God, I pray my father knows what he’s doing.
Del calmed with, “Rose sent a bird to Conner to expect them. So, they should meet out there somewhere.”
• • •
A furious Blair, burst through the door where the four sat with others, still smoldering in their fear and anxiety. “When did they leave?” he demanded, “I didn’t see a trace of them.” You could see his shoulders rise with each breath he took.
With all his rage, he was still a comforting site. Carla peeped, “It’s only been a few hours my love.”
Gabe jumped from his seat, “I sent thirty soldiers with them.”
Blair grabbed Gabe by the shirt at his neck, Nina gasp, and Blair snarled in his face loudly, with wild eyes. “It’s not enough! The flood has started, and Marcus is out there!”
Gabe sunk, “The Sawtee have broken through?”
“No, but close.” He ran his fingers over his sweaty forehead and combed a few straggling hairs out of his face. “The first dam is broken, and it won’t be long, anyone in the valley will die. Now! What route did they take?”
“I’m not sure, Glenlend, I think.” A wide eyed Gabe answered.
Still confused, Blair asked, “What were you thinking?”
Panicked, Gabe squared in his face, with arched brows, “He was dying. Exile was his only chance.”
Blair stared at Gabe for a moment in silence. He exhaled, his eyes dart, “We have to find them, now!”

62.
THE ROUNDUP
Von traveled hard toward home but slowed as he reached town, the mandolen oil was heavy in the air. He spotted Flowers about the roadside and people weeping as his horse trotted toward the palace mausoleum. Was he too late? He wondered.
He dismounted but said nothing to the two ladies crying on their way out the door. He slowly walked in. Sunlight from the small high windows bounced off the white marble walls and alabaster tombs of his ancestors.
The wind blew fresh rose peddles and dead leaves around the floor. He was alone. He found his father’s tomb. It was half open. He stopped short of looking in. To do so would confirm his worst fears. The lump in his throat gagged him, the pressure to control his emotions pounded in his brain, he couldn’t breathe.
“Von!” The voice was familiar. He turned to find Rose in the doorway. “What are you doing here? Dearest, he’s not there. This is for two other poor souls.” The icy splash of abrupt good news, made his hair stand on end. Von rushed her, placed his shaking hands on her shoulders, looked her in the eyes but said nothing. The expression of the deepest love and concern caused Rose’s heart to gush, “Dear one, they’re gone, banished to Exiland.”
Before she could catch her breath, he set off. To his dust, she cried out loudly, “Gabe and Blair have taken after them but…”
Von’s head was exploding. First, someone tried to poison his father, then he’s dying, then he’s been exiled out in a valley that is about to be flooded. He had to find them.
Standing with her back against the cold mausoleum wall, Rose started to put the picture together and her breath cut short. “Good heavens.”
• • •
Marcus and his men were scattered about, seeking the entrance to Exiland. Deven’s dead end canyon, was just that, a dead end. Having not seen a soul, it was a sure sign the flood was imminent. They were desperate, hunting for tracks or any signs of life all along the mountainside.
Deven rejoined Marcus. “Nothing!” Deven lashed with sarcasm. “Are you sure this godforsaken spot of hell, is the entrance to paradise?”
Marcus looked up the high mountainside. “It’s here, I’m sure of it. Why, do you have a better idea? Maybe you’d like to go back to Hum.”
“We’d have a better chance there than out here.”
“I’d rather not die at all.” Marcus took notice as Ward and two men rushed him with big smiles.
“Oh! You’re not going to believe what we spotted. I had to look twice to make sure my eyes were not deceiving me.” He laughed and led them some distance.
Ward handed Marcus a scope so he could see King Vincent, and a carriage, guarded by a band of soldiers. He gasps and leaned in. “Vincent! What’s he doing out here? What manner of good luck is this?” Marcus hands the scope to Deven. Who takes a look and his mouth drops open.
“I can’t believe my eyes. The Towten King has been delivered into our hands? Just like that, we have the king to escort us to paradise.” Marcus chuckled loudly, “I knew it! I felt something! Our destiny is here. Okay… We must move quickly but be careful not to cause them to scatter. I want Vincent alive.”
Ward nodded, “They’re headed toward a ravine. We might be able to ambush them there, and it will be harder for them to escape, but we must hurry, they have quite the jump on us.”
“Perfect.” Marcus added, “One thing for sure, as long as he’s in the valley, there’ll be no flood.”
• • •
Vincent’s pageant moved quickly across an eerily quiet valley. It seemed not even a bird had flown by. They had passed abandon cottages and farms, reminding them, they had no time to spare. Just ahead was a ravine and onto the base of the mountains. Vincent looked up, he had forgotten just how high they were and soon they would cast a shadow on them.
They were almost out of the ravine when two horsemen appeared at the end. “Who would be out here, Von, Blair?” the king questioned. Knowing Marcus was still on the loose, soldiers went to investigate, and put the king’s heart at ease when he saw them calmly return. Finding his spyglass, he took a look.
To his surprise, it was Conner and Donna. “Conner is that you, you old rascal.” Off their horses, they greeted each other like old friends that had missed each other deeply.
“My king, Vincent, my friend, it is about time you found your way home.”
“And this is the little lamb?” Donna curtsied, and he took her hand. “The one who captured the heart of one of my favored sons.” She beamed.
The queen leaned her head out the carriage window to see why they stopped and what was going on. Donna ran to her with great excitement and answers to all her questions. “Donna, child, is it really you?”
Before she could reply, they were joined by the king demanding. “Kissna, Conner informs me, we must ride the rest of the way on horseback, as the canyon is too narrow for your carriage.” Kissna bounced out, “Conner is that you?”
“Kissna, my queen.” She hugged him.
“Come, come,” the king grumbled, “there will be plenty of time for that. We have to get out of this valley.”
“But my things, my trunks?” she cried. “I need them.”
Donna assured her. “Truly, there are things just as wonderful awaiting you in Exiland.”
“But not everything.” Seeing the look on Vincent’s face, she recanted, “Okay, just give me a few moments.” The soldiers and Donna helped Kissna quickly pick and repack onto a narrow three wheeled cart Conner had wisely brought along.
The men hashed out directions, and finally they were ready to leave. The king addressed his bodyguards “Unless you good men plan to stay in Exiland for the next year or so, I suggest you return to Towten, we should be safe from here on. Tell my son all is well.”
The soldiers bid them farewell, and all left with Kissna’s carriage. But a short way down the road, the queen cried out. “Oh, wait, my Oma tree. I must have it. I must.” Before anyone could stop her, she was off, and they followed.
“What tree?” Vincent blast.
“It’s a miniature tree. I had it before I ever met you. You wouldn’t understand.
All eyes looked up when a soldier reappeared unexpectedly. “My king, you must make haste. Men have been spotted in the bushes above. We will hold them off on this end, but you must hurry.”
Vincent advised, “We can’t let them find Exiland.”
“At the end of this ravine is a good place to make a stand.” Conner explained and gave the king a hard eye. Vincent returned it and replied with his hand on his blade, “I’m good!”

63.
THIS IS MINE
Von rode like a madman, looking to spot anyone but the countryside was deserted. He took care remembering Marcus was also in the valley. His anger fueled his speed.
At first, he recognized the sound of clanging swords. Following it, he found Gabe and Del, on a low ridge anxiously watching below. Blair, wanting to protect them he ordered them to stay behind. So intense was their focus on the battle below, they never noticed Von creeping up on them. “You exiled the king!” he roared, startling the young men causing their horses to bounce about.
Gabe pulled himself together, “I had to, he…”
At that moment, Von saw the battle below and pulled his ax, gave Gabe a hard pucker brow and snarled, “Later.” He raced down into the conflict, for a chance to feed his rage and maybe lop off a certain head. Gabe narrowed his eyes watching Von as always, come to the rescue. Del smiled from ear to ear. Gabe took off after him, and Del followed.
Marcus’s men were easily outnumbered, and their ambush plan had failed, leaving them open for the kill. However, Von was unable to find, even in the fallen, the one he most wanted to see blood run. This struck him with alarm, if he wasn’t there, where was he and where were the king and queen?
If not behind, then, up ahead. Nothing, then up the ridge and further, he spotted horses resting and a dead soldier. Off his horse, with ax in hand, he followed the sound of voices. Deven and Ward had the king, queen and Conner cornered at sword point. Donna pulled a dagger as Marcus approached her.
“Murderer of Children,” she spat. Conner lunged but stopped when he spotted Von.
“I will drop your head where you stand.”
From where he stood, Marcus could only see Von’s silhouette, and it was clear he had an ax. Marcus backed off shaking his head. “Towtens, you are the sneakiest damn… You know I just realized, with the flood washing the Sawtee away, if I kill everyone here, TowHummy is all mine.”
Von replied, “I just realized any way I look at you, your head is gone.” At that moment, Von was joined by the others who took on Deven and Ward. Von cried, “Conner, get them out of here.” Never taking his eyes off Marcus, He flipped his ax to check his grip.
Conner hastily led the king, queen, and Donna out of view. The four men quickly rushed Marcus and his men. Von and Marcus made smooth, calculated full force vicious swings as the banter rolled on.
“Before you die,” Von replied, “you should know how dim you are. You are the true heir of the Hummy kingdom. You murdered your own father.” Von sized him up and shook his head with contempt, angering Marcus, who came at him hard and wide eyed.
“Tell me Towten prince, have you ever seen the other side of the Losmen? Maybe everyone isn’t content with the smallest spot on the map.”
“As a matter of fact, I have, and I found it desolate, void of humanity, a wasteland of ignorance. What little light there was, burned out on evil.” With each word, the clashes were harder. “No wonder you felt at home with them, I’m not convinced you’re wrong. Maybe Avery wasn’t your father. You…”
At that moment a large chunk of the ridge pulled away, causing Von to fall. It may not have killed him, but it was quite a distance to the ground. He Managed to grab ahold of some tree roots and hung on. He was not alone, Marcus had also fallen and was fighting to climb back to the top.
When a small rock hit Von on the head, he looked up and was delighted to see Blair. But the delight quickly turned to despair and a sharp pain in the throat when Blair reached down and helped Marcus get his footing. Von watched as Blair never looked back once. How could he have gotten him so wrong? This man he had considered his closest friend, one he confided and trusted. He felt like the dimmest of all light. If he should fall, all was lost, so he put everything he had into a thrust to push himself up but lost his footing again. Von could hear their plans.
“Blair, Blair, you saved my life. My good man. How can I repay you?”
Marcus glanced up at Blair and laughed. “What?… you want half my kingdom.” Time slowed, and Blair pulled the comb out of his hair, and his long emerald tied braid fell over his shoulder. Marcus knew what that meant. “Blair, you and I once fought these dogs side by side.”
Blair’s jaw clenched so tight he tasted blood, “These dogs fed our starving people after you betrayed them, burned their fields and murdered innocent women and children. The Towten gave them refuge, after you killed their king, your own father, and burned the Losmen. You! A Hummy prince!” Blair spat with disgust.
Marcus reached down, “You won’t stab me in the back, as I go for a sword, will you? You’ve been lying with Towtens too long. I’m not sure what you’re capable of.”
“No one could ever dream up the treachery you bled out upon our people. You deserve to die, only at the hand of one of your own.” At that Marcus threw the first blow. With the clash of swords above, Von finally got some footing.
In breathy sarcasm, Marcus snickered, giving him the once over, “Blair, so prim and proper, always doing the right thing. Is Carla still with you. Or were you just too good for her too? You weren’t her first you know, and I’m here to see to it, you’re not the last.”
It became evident that Blair was a better swordsman when he cut Marcus across the face. “When I’m done killing you, all Hum will heal. You’re an affliction, a festering boil! Your worst then the failing.”
Marcus was stunned when Blair’s sword went into his chest. Blair pushed it with a grimace. Marcus dropped his blade and fell. Blair stepped on his hand, kneeled on his chest and pulled the comb out of his pearl and emerald embellished braid and cut below the scalp. Still alive, Marcus tried to speak, but blood gushed from his lips. Blair whispered, “Don’t worry you won’t be forgotten. You will be written in our books, as the Devil I slew.”
Blair was surprised to find Von watching him. Standing, he rolled up the bloody tail, and with a stern, austere gaze, he avowed, “This is mine.” Pushed it in his jacket and walked away.
Von swallowed hard, looking down at the dead man, as it was a particularly grizzly killing, not unlike something he himself might do, but most unbecoming of Blair.

64.
GOODBYES
Time was running out, and all the major leaders of TowHummy were still in the valley about to be killed by the very trap they had laid for the enemy. Von took to the trail to Exiland to assure the family’s safety, only to discover them waiting and praying for him. Not pleased, he hollered, “It’s over, get out of here!” and took off again.
“Evon, Evon!” His father hollered out, having some idea why he left.
Donna ran after him crying out, “Von, no, you can’t leave!”
Kissna ran to the arms of Vincent, “Gabe, will he hurt my Gabe?”
“No.” Vincent griped, as there wasn’t time for this, he thought.
Conner looked up at the tall canyon walls, narrow and rocky, it was always dark and cold, but when the sun got low, the twisting walls could be disorienting, and with the flood coming, it was risky waiting around. They were moving slow, down to two horses, they had to share. Even Kissna’s pick pack horse was missing. Conner stressed, “Von is right, we need to keep moving.”
Von raced back to his brother, knowing the time was frighteningly near. But he had to tie up loose ends or his mind would never be at ease. It had to feel right before he could leave.
Blair sent most of the soldiers back to Towten, and only Gabe and Del waited. Del asked Gabe, “Do you think he wants to kill you?… So why are we waiting for him? I mean did you see what he just did? I saw him hack a man’s sword arm completely off. He’s good at it, really good.” Gabe gave no response.
After a bout of silence, Del continued, “The dams are broken, shouldn’t we be moving along? Well, I’m leaving and…”
“You will stand.” Blair demanded in a harsh tone. Del dropped his head.
Their ears perked up, someone was coming. Von arrived, riding up on his brother, he looked him over as if he didn’t recognize him. Indeed, Gabe’s entire persona had changed, his statue, gaze, even his attire.
Gabe stood his ground as if waiting to see just how angry his brother was. Von reared back in his saddle and narrowed his eyes, his horse restlessly danced a bit. Gruffly, “If it weren’t for that crest, I wouldn’t have recognized you. You’ve got hair on your face. You look almost as good as me.”
Del snickered.
“He was dying,” Gabe finally spouted, “He agreed to this, it wasn’t my idea.”
Gabe’s snap rattled Von, who grabbed and twisted him by the shirt collar. All four horses rustled around a bit. Von’s voice was daunting, his nose flared, with his teeth showing, his eyebrow dipped deep to make a chilling enraged face.
His voice was a loud roar. Blair looked on with some concern, aware of Von’s pent up anger.
“It could have failed!” Gabe didn’t flinch and looked him square in the eyes, and Von approved and dropped him. Gabe breathed a sigh of relief. There was another pause, and the air cooled a tad before he continued.
“We’ll have about fifteen to twenty years before they ever try this again. There’s one hell of a mess on its way. No one will be coming or going from TowHummy for a long time.” He took a moment in woeful thought; his voice softened a little, and he looked off into the horizon. “When the water hits, there will be a backlash. The Losmen being the freak of nature that she is, well, I don’t know what kind of spores she will release. She could expand and take the valley. Let’s pray she doesn’t.”
Toning down even more, “By tomorrow the water table will have risen and leveled off. There is no telling how long the entrance to Exile will be lost. I’m not sure when we’ll be coming back. But the highlands of TowHummy are safe for now. So, take good care.”
His heart now at ease, he gave his brother a warm smile, one Gabe had never received before along with a strong shoulder shake. A hand grip farewell to Del and Blair called him aside.
Von asked, “Do you think I scared him enough?”
“He can take it. You say twenty to fifteen years? No merchants, no one?”
Von had a dry chuckled, “Everyone thought there was a small lake up there, but it’s not. In truth, eventually our dams would have exploded on their own and killed us all. We spent a lot of time planning, so not to create the disaster that is coming.”
A breeze blew by with a blast of moisture, reminding them all, there was no time left. Von’s horse backed off.
“So, you’ll take good care of the children during our leave?”
“Like they were my own.” Blair smiled. “And I won’t worry about you. I saw how Donna pulled that dagger.”
They laughed and gave each other a shoulder shake goodbye. Von crossed a little stream of water making its way between them. His horse was frightened and pulled at the bit. He held up two fingers for two years, and Blair did likewise. With a heads up, Von turned and bolted.
Blair sat for a second watching his friend disappear. He thought of all that had happened in just the last few days. Somehow for all intents and purposes, he would rule in TowHummy, for now anyway. Then he rode like hell passing Gabe and Dell, and that triggered a race.

65.
A NEW WORLD
Back to dashing, Von caught up with his family almost out of the canyon. Along with him trailed Kissna’s pick packed horse. Faces lit up in the dim sunset. No one said a word as all eyes were on Von.
In a loud bolsters voice, he announced with sarcasm, “How is it that everyone that I love and give a rat’s ass about is in the forest with a disastrous flood and a madman on the loose. After I said please, please, please, please don’t go in the forest?”
The King answered with a question, “Gabe?”
“He’s fine, I didn’t lay a hand on him.” He looked at his father as if to say, you had to ask?
Conner blurts, “Where did I hear that before?”
Von looked at Donna, but she gave him the, I didn’t tell, look, as she slid off the horse she shared with her father. So Von shot a quick glance at his mother, and she gave him the, not I look. So, he changed the subject and helped Donna up on his horse.
“Well, just so everybody knows, I don’t do cows. I’m not doing any planting or feeding chickens.” He pointed at the path behind him, “That back there,” he patted his Ax, “and this right here. That’s what I do.”
Donna sat in front of Von like the queen sat with the king. Getting real cozy, she had his attention, and he pulled her closer in the saddle. With a soft smile of contentment, he inhaled her, then caught himself.
“So, I’m not sure what I’m going to be doing over there,” he continued, “but I’m not farming!”
“Me either” Donna added.
“Well, I’m certainly not! Kissna announced.
“Well, don’t look at me Conner griped.”
The king looked as if to say… don’t even ask.
Von marveled, as his Lam leaned heavily on him. That what had started out to be a day of horrors could end so calmly. He had eyes on the king and queen and his true love safely between his arms. He took a sigh of relief.
Vincent gave him a wink. Kissna, like Donna, had lapsed into a smug and comfy lounge. But Von was very much like his father. They leaned close and rubbed their scruffy beards, on the tender ladies. They made quite a ruckus, drowning out the silence. Von and Vincent’s loud hoots and guffaws echoed through the canyon. Conner who led the little pageant didn’t look back, he just shook his head.
And Von whispered what he never told any woman. “I love you, my sweet Lammy.”

66.
MY BEAUTIFUL SON
Sawtee, King Salen, sat on his throne. Mollen quickly walked across the cold, polished stone floor of the empty room and took his place next to the king. Moments later the guards opened the doors and dragged in a bound and gagged Harmon. Weakened, he fell to his knees before the king. Salen motioned for the gag to be removed.
Harmon whimpered, “You, why, why did you stop me? You robbed me of my victory. I was within days. Why?”
Salen rose and took a few steps down and paced a circle around Harmon, “My most beautiful son. I commend you for your exquisite plan. I was both impressed and proud of your elaborate and exceptional plot.”
Harmon raised his head and followed his father’s steps, baffled at what the King had just said.
“I could see it so clearly. In some ways my son, you are gifted.”
Harmon asked in a low, hoarse voice, “Why then did you stop me?”
“Son, it’s not your fault, but in that place, these people are blessed. Even the earth moves to protect them.”
Harmon was so angry he spoke with his jaws clenched, “Father, you must explain. You must because right now, I’m so angry, I want to kill you.”
Salen laid his hand on his son’s shoulder, “The TowHummy flooded the Losmen, killing almost everyone in it. They were trapped.”
Harmon wilted and cried, “Cousins?”
“Mollen gave them fair warning.”
Trembling, his shackles rattled, as he got to his feet, “You let me rot in the dungeon. I’m weak, sick and hungry. Why? What crime did I commit?”
With true compassion, the King explained, “Son, I had to wait for this moment. I couldn’t risk that this would come between us. Seeing is believing. I love you, and we need to trust each other always, in all our endeavors, whether we win or fail.”
The king motioned, and the guard opened a door. A dirty, badly scraped and bruised Seth staggered in, screaming, and wrecked with anger. He focused on Harmon.
“You!” His face twisted, “You and your plan, my brother is dead.” He spat. “They are all dead. We tried to climb a ridge, but the water washed it out from under us. He is dead.” He stumbled and fell at their feet, pounding his fist and whimpering. Harmon, devastated and speechless, could only stare at him.

67.
GIFTS TO TOWHUMMY
A week after the floodwaters leveled, on a most beautiful sunny day, Gabe, Nina, Blair, and Carla were united in marriage. The wedding couples, flanked by best friends, came out onto the balcony to address the TowHummy. The courtyard was packed to overflowing and into town as far as they could see. The cheers were deafening.
Gabe waved them down, “My father promises you a new kingdom, a kingdom of peace and prosperity. A time of healing and learning. From now on for the Towten there is no more Exile.”
The crowd cheered.
Blair added, “And for the Hummy, no longer will the length of your hair define your social status.”
There was more cheering.
“And so, as a show of good faith, the princess Nina will be the first to cut her hair.” Nina was shaking almost in tears. Gabe took her hands and whispered. “Look into my eyes, would I ever hurt you?”
Blair had the knife, he motioned as to the length. Gabe shook his head lower and lower again. Then he looked back at her, tilted his head with an ever so soft loving smile.
“Yes, about there.”
Blair cut it off and handed it to Gabe, who threw the gem wrapped braid high above the festive crowd. Suddenly, flowers and hats clutter the sky with the roar of rooting, applauds and cheers of approval.
There was much laughter when one bald Hummy threw his long braided wig hat into the air.
THE END


Book 3
ARORYIAN WINDS
Yes, Von must return, but what he finds will break his heart.
stargazerstories.com

