!

!

!
WHISKEY JOE!
!
!
!
Ricardo Aardal!
!
!
©2021!
!
!
!
ONE!
!
!

!“I finally made it!” Joe Kaminsky shouted to the clear

blue prairie sky, as he waited to hop off the slow moving

passenger train. Joe checked his gold pocket watch and

smiled. “Only 11 hours late, and my ass feels numb!”	!

!Steam filled the air. The squeaking train eased to a

stop. It bloomed a glorious late spring afternoon in 1903. A

18 year old Joe stepped off the puffing and hissing train at

an action packed rail station in the tiny town of Ituna,

Saskatchewan in the heart of the Canadian prairies. He

rode the uncomfortable train for days on end. Starting out

in Montreal, Quebec after he departed the boat which

steamed over from Europe. Joe rolled across Canada on

an uncomfortable, smelly over-crowded passenger train. !
!


!The travel worn Joe departed the train wearing his

only dirty set of clothes, tattered canvass bag in one hand and a mega smile on his dusty face. He gazed upon dozens of welcoming folks lining the platform. Except, not one of those folks were there to meet the Polish immigrant. !

!Right behind Joe, hovered Anna Boyko, a 17 year old girl with large calculating blue eyes. She posed ready to step off the train. Anna traveled with her family, who also waited to depart the train at Ituna, eager to take over their awaiting homestead. !

!Joe dropped his tattered bag. He turned to the plain looking girl. He winked and said in a grand manner, “My Lady!” Dramatically, he grasped her ring laden hand. Joe assisted the well-rounded Ukrainian immigrant off the train. Her protective parents watched the young folks with wary eyes.!

!The train conductor began chatting with Mr. and Mrs. Boyko. It left Joe and Anna to say a moving good-bye. Joe continued to hold her hand, even once she was secured safely on the newly constructed train station platform.! !“Thank you Joe!” She batted her eyelashes and flashed a coy smile. The girl with the host of bracelets on both wrists wanted to let Joe know that she appreciated and approved of him. “Even though, you’re beneath me on the social ladder, you’re quite the gentlemen at times.”! !“And Anna, you’re such a charming traveling companion!” Although, her none stop boasting, whining, pouting, and the tons of cheap clattering and clanking
!


jewelry she wore; irritated him to no end. But Joe grinned as he thought of the positive side to her company. “And thank you for sharing your food on the train. You helped me out greatly. After I’d that misfortune in Montreal.” ! !“My pleasure Joe,” the short blonde gushed as her multiple tin earrings played a squawking tune. !

!Joe released the girl’s hand. He executed a theatrical bow and stepped off the train platform. He kissed the ground. The act sparked a cheer from the waiting crowd . “I love you Canada!” !

!“What are you doing?” Anna inquired. She rushed to his side, clutching his arm. !
!“My dear Anna, I’m giving thanks for a new lease on life.”!
!She sniggered. “Oh Joe! You still need so much refinement.”!
!He ingratiated Anna with his signature winning smile. “And I’m so thankful I was able to enjoy the rail journey with such a giving Princess.”!

!Anna’s chubby cheeks reddened a fraction. She

attempted an awkward curtsy. “My pleasure!”!

!“Such a delightful pleasure.” Joe clasped her hand

again. He squeezed it, along with flashing another

knowing wink. “An unforgettable pleasure. Especially, our

stolen moments in the baggage car.”!

!“Oh Joe!” Anna shrilled in her piercing voice. It was a similar sound to her high pitched jewelry. She slapped his arm, and blushed the darkest shade of red. “Will, will I see you again?”!
!


!Joe repeated his courtly bow. “My dear, who knows when our paths will cross again.” ! !“But Joe!”!

!“We won’t say good-bye. We’ll merely say until we connect again.” Joe kissed her hand with flare, initiating sighs from some of the ladies in the crowd. ! !Anna whispered, “But what if I am?”!

!Joe was saved from answering, when the girl’s protective heavyset father, Mr. Boyko, stomped over to the couple. He seized his daughter’s arm. He sneered at Joe. “Come along Anna.” !

!“And goodbye to you and your wonderful wife, Mrs. Boyko,” said Joe as he went to shake the man’s hand.! !Mr. Boyko brushed Joe’s hand away. He shook his sizable fist at Joe. “Good we’ll never lay eyes on scum like you again.” He scowled back at Joe as the family walked away. “Anna! You can do better than that Galician trash!” !
!

!“For sure,” Joe agreed with Mr. Boyko’s statement, as he watched the family leave. He inhaled the fresh spring air. Joe puffed up his chest, preceding to the Main Street of the bustling rail town. Ituna sat on the main line of the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway. At the time the newly built railway ended in Ituna. It was a major rail station and construction hub for now. For there were still hundreds of miles to build in the Canadian northlands.!

!Joe’s intelligent brown eyes observed the horses, wagons, piles of lumber and rail ties littering the rail yard. With his beat up bag in hand, he navigated his way among
!


all the chaos of a boomtown. Joe headed down the bustling dirt street. He spotted a general store, blacksmith’s shop, cafe, barber shop, butcher shop and oh yes, a bar. !

!An overweight young man about Joe’s height holding

a whiskey jug, rammed into him. The drunken man slurred, “Out of my way you stupid immigrant.” !
!“Sorry,” replied Joe,	attempting to move on.!

!“Stupid peasant!” The drunk spat at Joe. “You say sorry sir when you’re speaking to Fredrick Romanow.” ! !“And why would I do that?”!

!Fredrick poked Joe in the chest with force. “There’s two names that rule the town of Ituna. Mike Ivanov.” Fredrick tapped his own chest. “And me, Fredrick Romanow.” !

!“Really!” Joe leveled a cocky grin at the man. “Screw you! Sir Asshole Romanow!” !
!
!
!
TWO!
!
!
!As Joe walked away from a stunned Fredrick, he glanced up at the beaten up old sign that read, Ituna Hotel and Bar. The ramshackle building displayed two battered doors, one for the hotel, one for the bar. In spite of Joe’s solid education and upbringing, he loved to gravitate to the sketchy side of life. So, he made a v-line for the drinking
!


establishment. Joe shoved open the creaky wooden door, letting his eyes adjust to the dim lighting. He eased in a foot. The stench of the reeking bar halted his progress. He smelled a putrid combination of whiskey, urine, vomit, smoke and sweat of the rail workers. He noticed the grime and dirt covering everything. It reminded him of the Krakow dives back in Poland that he often frequented. ! !A sharp eyed Joe spotted the only bright light in the dump. A flaming red-haired Scottish lass named Gracie McDonald. She broke with the convention of the day, wearing tight fitting pants. She radiated a warm energetic aura. Except, the tall 18 year old Gracie wore a nasty black eye, ruining her lively fresh face. Joe thought this gal possessed real spunk deep inside. But her spirit seemed to be weighed down. !

!“Get in or get out, but shut the fucking door,” Mike Ivanov bellowed. “Stupid immigrant!” A roar of laughter erupted from three tables of muscle bound rail workers. ! !The lean and wiry Joe shut the door. He shuffled up to

a makeshift bar. It was a crooked board set on a couple of old wooden barrels. Standing behind that sorry excuse for a bar stood a heavily built, six foot two inch Mike. He owned the hotel and bar, and the second citizen that rudely welcomed Joe to Ituna.!

!“Good day sir,” said Joe in a cheery tone with his

Polish accent oozing out. “Where could I go to find work?” ! !The dark featured handsome Mike puffed on a cigar.
His shifty eyes took a moment to study the new arrival. “You’re a fucking Galician.” !
!


!“Yes, my family comes from the beautiful area of Galicia in Poland.” !

!Even though, Galicia had been dissolved as a country in 1885, Joe and his family stayed loyal to the concept of an independent Galicia. Joe’s father and uncles fought in that 1885 war. They all held visions , like many others in that region, of returning Galicia to glory as an independent country in eastern Europe one day. !

!“Shit-head Galician!” Mike waved his cigar in the air, spitting in Joe’s direction. “Us Russians wanted that dirty hole called Galicia for ourselves to piss in.” !

!The patrons in the bar roared again at his remark. They cheered Mike on. !
!“Boys, this Galician needs a drink.” The brawny bar owner, tossed his cigar in a dinted old tobacco can he used for an ashtray. Mike picked up a filthy dipper. He filled it with slimy water from a pail of stinking sludge. “Get the hell out of here.” The big Russian, wearing his signature beaver hat, threw the water in Joe’s face. ! !Another roar erupted from the bar.!

!Joe wiped his face with his sleeve. “Not a real friendly town.”!
!“I run this town,” Mike growled as he jabbed a finger

in Joe’s chest. “And you’re not fucking welcome here!” His huge hand then slapped a nearby Gracie on her ass. ! !Gracie cowered. She lowered her head and teared up. !


!Mike snapped his fingers, letting out a mirthless laugh. “Clean it up slut.” He pointed at an empty table
!


piled with glasses. “And wiggle more for the boys.” Mike clamped his grimy hand around her mouth. “And shut your big yap when the boys grab your ass!” Mike guffawed. ! !Howls, lewd shouts, table slapping and stomping feet echoed out from the rough crowd. !

!The five foot nine inch Joe grinned, stroking his fledgling mustache. “Okay.” He moved to leave. But the athletic Joe stepped toward Mike, wound up and punched him square in the nose. It knocked the 26 year old bar owner flat on his ass. His beaver hat flew into that pail of slop water. “Learn how to treat a lady!”! !“Get him boys,” Mike ordered. !

!The crowd held many Mike lovers. Four of them rush Joe. He rolled his shoulders, raised his fists, preparing for the onslaught. “Come and get it!” !

!A fierce struggle unfolded. Joe held his own, sending two of the rail gang down with a well place punch combination, and a beer bottle smashed to the head. Even though, Joe honed his excellent scrapping skills in the rough streets of Krakow, possessing an unusually powerful right cross, he stood as no match. Soon the kicks and punches from the remaining rail workers took their toll. Two of the rail boys held Joe firmly. A bloody nosed Mike rose. With his tattoo of a bear snarling similar to the Russian, he delivered a few hard shots to Joe’s stomach. Mike walked over to his tin can ashtray. He retrieved his lit cigar. He approached a helpless Joe with the clear intent of leaving a burn mark. As Mike approached Joe, the
!


Polish immigrant fought like a mad man to escape the railmen’s solid hold. !

!Mike snarled as he held the cigar near Joe’s eye. “Remember this Galician.” !
!Joe delivered a hard knee to Mike’s groin. It dropped the pig headed bully like a sack of rotten potatoes. “Remember that asshole,” Joe shouted. !

!The final two railmen were joined by a couple more work buddies. They pounded Joe to a pulp. When the rail workers finished the pounding, they threw the newly arrived Polish immigrant out on the street, bloody and bruised. !

!Joe’s old bag was hurled out the door by a giant, smacking the beaten up young man on the head. “And Galician! Don’t be asking for work at the railway.” The Railway Foreman enjoyed a deep laugh. “Cause I does the hiring.” !
!

!Spying the bloody man from the door of the hotel was a 13 year old sympathetic girl. She scurried out the door with a wet rag in hand. Concern flooded her beautiful teenage features. “Oh my Lord!” The dark-haired angel knelt next to joe. “Are you okay?”!

!“No.” Joe spat out blood. “But I didn’t hear any of my bones snap in there.” He winced in pain. “So, I’ll be fine.”! !The good Samaritan wiped blood from Joe’s face as

he moaned. He attempted to rise off the dirt street. She pushed him back down. “Stay put. You are a fool.”!
!


!“For sure.” He peeked at her with his one open eye.

“My name is Joe Kaminsky. What’s yours?” !

!“Caroline Gomulka.” She touched a welt on his head.

He flinched. Caroline shook her head in disgust. “You

shouldn't be fighting.”!

!“But Mike and those guys are assholes.”!

!Horrified, Caroline pressed her hands to her cheeks in shock. “Watch your language Joseph.”!
!“You must have heard worse,” Joe said.!

!“Of course, but I am a devoted Catholic. I hate that kind of devil’s talk.”!
!“Yet Caroline, and I love that name, you work in a bar?”!
!“My parents and I just immigrated from Poland. My mother and I got work in the hotel. I never step foot in that devil’s den.”!

!Joe felt for his pocket watch. He breathed a sigh of relief when he touched the family heirloom. He attempted to sit up. This time he managed to rise to his feet. “Devil’s den. Never heard a bar called that before.”!

!“Well, it is.” Caroline wagged her slender finger at

Joe. “And you’d be wise to stay as far away from that evil

room as possible.”	!

!“You’re young Caroline. But already a real looker. Wow!” Joe ingratiated her with a crooked pained smile. “Someday soon, you’ll be the prettiest woman in this country.” !

!Caroline flushed. She became flustered. Her naturally smoldering eyes looked down. Joe could tell no one had
!


ever been this upfront with her. So, he ensured he was the first. For there would be many more to come as she blossomed. !

!Joe carried on, “But I certainly will not stay away from the part of this hotel where you work.”!
!Caroline continued to gaze downward, fidgeting with her hands. “You shouldn’t talk like that Joseph. You need to find a church.”!

!Joe took her hand. “That’s one place I’ll never be found my dear.”!
!“But you must.” Caroline grew more nervous as Joe held her hand. She pressed her full lips together. Finally, she pulled her hand away. Although, she rather enjoyed the man’s touch and the man’s good looks. She scolded herself for that first-ever thought. She’d head to church and pray for forgiveness. !

!“Me and God have an understanding. I’ll stay out of his business. He stays out of mine.” !
!Carolyn sucked in her breath, about to lecture the

new arrival. He leaned over and kissed her on the cheek with the flawless glowing skin, catching the young lady off guard. “You got plenty of spunk. I love that.” He gazed deep into her dark eyes. “Now, you’re a little young. And I’ve got a fortune to make. But promise me. You’ll not give your heart away.”!

!Joe picked Caroline up and twirled her. She slapped him and fought to free herself from his grip. He planted another kiss on her rosy cheek. “Cause Caroline my dear, you are going to be my wife one day!” !
!

!
!
!
THREE!
!
!

!Joe scooped up his bag. He chuckled cockily, strolling off with a nasty limp in his step. In spite of his show of confidence, he’d no idea where he was so self-assuredly limping. Although deep down, Joe believed he was a lucky guy. It was time to put that belief to the test. He eyed the various establishments along the Main Street. Joe selected the one he most needed to enter.!

!The bells rung above the solid oak front door as Joe entered the town’s only General store. Joe carried no intention of purchasing any goods. But he spotted the tiny sign in the window that spelled out — Dominion Land Office. He took a tentative step towards a smoothly polished oak counter. A small statured elderly man stood behind it, leaning over a list. !

!Joe cleared his throat. “Excuse me sir.” !

!The little man wearing oversized wire rimmed spectacles, peeked up. He studied the bruised young man. “What can I help you with?”!

!Joe shuffled forward, scratching his head. “Is this where I make my claim on my homestead?”!
!“Sure is kid,” the sixty year old Sol Goldstein replied. He stood up straight, fixing his eyes on Joe’s ripped clothing. “Did you fill out an application?”!
!


!“For sure. Did it back in Poland when I signed up.”!

!“What’s your name kid?”!

!“Joe Kaminsky.”!

!“Wel come to Ituna Joe, I’m Sol Goldstein.” He pulled out a cumbersome official looking book. Sol began flipping pages. “Aha! Right here. We need to fill out another form. And do you have ten dollars?”!

!Joe whipped out his cash, counted out 10 one-dollar bills and handed them over. “That’s all I got.”!
!“Not all you got kid. Cause that’s a pretty nice gold watch chain hanging there. If the watch in your pocket is as nice. That’s worth a pretty penny.” Sol snatched up the money. “But this will do.” Sol filled out a form, sliding it to Joe. “Just sign this paper. You’ll have a quarter section of land, 160 acres of prime soil to work.” !

!Joe laid down a fancy signature. It sparked a chuckle from the store owner. Sol unrolled a well used map. He showed the young immigrant where his quarter section sat. “ Right here across from Mr. Boyko. The family was just in here securing their property.” ! !“Shit.”!


!“And of course Joe, you must follow homestead regulations. If you do, you’ll own that homestead in three years.”!

!Joe raised his eyebrows in surprise. “Regulations.” !

!“In Canada it is called proving up the homestead. That means items like in the first year you must break and prepare for planting five acres of land. Also, after year two you must have a home built on the property. And plant at
!


least five acres of crop. As well as break and prepare for planting at least 10 additional acres.”!

!“I’ll do it,” said Joe, back to his confident attitude.!

!Sol stroked his long white beard while studying him. “You will. Cause you got chutzpah.”!
!Joe wiped his brow. “Spunk won’t be enough. I need money. Do you know of anyone hiring?” ! !“Best place to get a job is with the railway.”!

!Joe dropped his eyes. “Railway won’t hire me. I closed that door over at the bar.”!
!“So, you met their rail fists.” Sol chuckled at his words. “They’re a tough crowd. Well, kid, what can you do?”!

!“Have a good amount of schooling? Lots of chemistry knowledge. But nothing that might help out here. I can play this.” Joe dug out a small accordion from his bag. ! !“Not much need for that round here. Can you carpenter? Lots of buildings going up. Even looking to build a leather goods factory in town.”!

!“Can’t build worth a shit! But I can work on a farm.”! !“Hmm.” Sol thought for a moment as he fiddled with

his own battered and inaccurate pocket watch. “There may be a little work.” !
!“And with my knowledge of chemicals and with lots of experience, I make the best dam whisky you’ve ever tasted.”!

!Sol adjusted his spectacles. He slapped the counter. “Now you’re talking kid.”!

!
!


!Early that night Joe wrapped himself in a heavy patched blanket that Sol sold him. He curl up against the side of the blacksmith shop. The building retained some of its heat from the busy day. Certainly, it retained much of the distinct nose-curdling smells of the day. He twisted and turned. Finally, he found a tolerable position. ! !Joe gazed at the stars, attempting to fall asleep.

Sleep didn’t come. He felt dog tired. Yet, his mind raced. He shivered. He took a bite from a ring of Polish sausage Sol sold him. Joe groaned. He thought about how he exchanged his valuable gold pocket watch to Sol for a few items, a credit in the Ituna General Store and five dollars cash. He shook his head in regret. He wished he never gambled away his money back in Montreal. Joe worked his ass off back in his home in Krakow to scrape that money together, and he pissed it away in one poker hand. ! !“Hey, Galician,” sounded from a deep voice from the street. “Can see your sorry ass hiding there.” The speaker began to sing a few lines of a lively Irish tune.!

!Joe moaned. “Shit.” He sucked in a breath, preparing himself for another battle. Except, he hadn’t healed from the pounding he received earlier today. He slipped a 1891 original Swiss Army knife from a leather sheath he wore under his shirt. A sheath he hid high on his back. The engraved knife was the other present his father gave him when he began this trip. There was no way he was trading that gift the way he swapped the pocket watch. !
!


!“Don’t worry Joe, me boy,” sung out from the	Irish

accent. “Not hunting trouble. Sol Goldstein filled me in. Me

name is Danny O’Reilly. Thought I’d check on you.”!

!“Thank goodness.” Joe sprung to his feet, made his

way to meet the stranger. Joe offered his hand. “So glad to

meet you, Danny O’Reilly.”!

!The big eared Danny clasped the bruised faced immigrant’s hand. “Heard me workmates gave you quite the going over.”!

!“Sure did.” As Joe shook the man’s callused hand, he realized the incredible strength it held.!
!“Also heard you gave as good as you got.” The broad-shouldered six foot three Danny chuckled. “There’ll be some pretty busted up lads showing up for work tomorrow.”!

!“So you work at?”!

!“Me walks a railman.” Danny flexed his bulging muscles. “But don’t be holding that against this Irish lad.”! !“Not a chance.” Joe sized up Danny. He wore wide green suspenders and a tiny green bowler hat. Joe thought this strapping Irishmen with his goofy grin was made of good stock. Not what folks would call good looking. The battle scars on his face didn’t help.!

!“Well, I figure you’re a sound fellow. Sol sure thinks so.” Danny punch the air with a well executed combination. “Use to be called Dukes O’Reilly. Anyway, if you can stand me off key singing, Sol thought I could come in handy with your new business.”!

!
!

!

!
FOUR!
!
!
!Half an hour later, Joe and Danny headed for the

other drinking establishment in Ituna called Nicole’s Place. An old dilapidated two-story building which enjoyed better days. As the two talked and laughed on the excursion to the bar, they were becoming fast friends. Something that surprised Joe. Back in Poland, he walked more guarded and cautious about his friendships.!

!In spite of the bar’s outward appearance, Nicole’s

Place displayed a glimmering mirror which ran behind the entire length of a finely crafted bar. It supported clean glasses, solid wooden tables and chairs with one fancy cloth covered poker table. The entire place was well lit and spotless. Unlike Mike Ivanov’s bar, it didn’t smell as if it were a pig barn. !

!The owner of Nicole’s Place was the mysterious and exotic Nicole LaForge. She opened recently on the outskirts of town. The controversial establishment sparked much scandal and numerous complaints from the fine citizens of Ituna. For Nicole not only served whiskey, allowed gambling, and most troublesome, employed a couple of girls working tricks upstairs each night, pleasing many of the men for miles around. That sinful activity aggravated every spiritual leader and bible toter in Ituna.
!


Except of course, when some of those hypocrites slithered over in the wee hours to satisfy their urges. !

!Joe and Danny grabbed a table, ordering a whiskey. Joe asked for ice with his whiskey. That’s the way he preferred to drink it. !

!Nicole rolled her eyes at the request. “Not much left in our icehouse.” But she obliged the young man with the good looks, even with his large nose, and an intense burning fire in his eyes. This cocky young pup, definitely stirred something primeval in her, which she’d not felt for ages. !

!At the poker table next to Joe and Danny, a game of cards rolled on. Four foul smelling men drained a whiskey bottle like thirsty pigs, but with poorer manners then those pigs. The unsavory characters played a spirited game, while waiting for their turn upstairs. Danny and Joe learned from the talkative toughs at the table, that they were drifters passing through on their way to the gold fields in Alaska.!

!Nicole tapped one gambler on the arm. It let him know it was his turn for fun. For another man descended the stairs, letting out a fart, while doing up his pants. The villainous scruffy headed out the front door. He flipped all the finger, letting out one giant ripper in farewell. !

!Joe eyed the inviting pot. “Not much of a card player, but, but I’d like to learn.” He pulled out his few dollars with trembling fingers. He asked in an uncertain tone, “May I, ah, sit in on your friendly game?” !
!


!The three remaining players salivated like rabid dogs at the easy mark. One of them pointed to a chair. The game commenced. The three were most likely playing for fun. But Joe played for his future.!

!Joe bungled and fumbled his way threw the first few hands. One hour later with a smiling Danny there to witness his new chum’s skill, Joe raked in a bundle. Anyone could see Joe set the drifters up. !

!“You cheated,” grumbled the largest of the empty

pocket gamblers, pointing a dirty finger at Joe. “My name’s Leo. Wanna let you know the name of the man who’s gonna kill you.”!

!“I watched every hand,” Nicole stated. “Leo, he never cheated. Simply taught you a lesson.” !
!“Go to hell!” A raging Leo wound up to take a swing. ! !A quick moving Danny reached over, grasping Leo’s arm before he struck Joe. “Not a good move. Just leave quietly. And be on your marry way.” !

!With his one free hand Leo attempted to punch

Danny. A smooth block by the huge Irishman, followed by Leo being placed in a vice-like headlock. Leo was escorted roughly out the front door. It culminated in Danny delivering a monster kick in the ass to the swearing man. ! !Danny returned to the table. The remaining drifters glared death at Joe. The small wiry drifter said with a hostile tone, “You’re one damn lucky kid.”!

!“Luck is believing you are lucky,” informed Danny. “An old Irish saying.”!
!


!The small drifter hissed as he pulled out a skinning

knife. “Kid, your damn luck’s about to run dry.” !

!An ever alert Joe slipped out his Swiss Army knife

lightening fast. Both bug eyed drifters stared back in

surprise. Joe flipped the gleaming blade in the air. He

caught it with one hand, while stroking his mustache with

the other. !

!Joe shook his head. “You don’t want to, knives are my weapon of choice.” He chuckled with a malicious overtone. “And there’ll be no luck involved in this bloodbath.”!

!The two saw the skill in Joe’s speed, cold eyes and calm. They fled the place grumbling, slamming the door behind them. !

!Joe let out a relaxing breath. “Thanks Danny.” !

!Danny smacked Joe on the back, “That was grand mate! How much cash?”!
!Joe rubbed his hands together as a broad grin filled his face. “Enough to buy the materials and supplies to start that business.”!

!Nicole played with her flowing hair. She asked in a smokey tone, “Would you two like another?” !
!Joe eyed the lady with the inviting ruby-red lips, wearing the matching red, tight fitting dress. He admired her voluptuous body. He held up his glass with only an ounce remaining. “This tastes like shit.”!

!“Bloody right!” Danny agreed. “But I’m not drinking at Mike’s hole. That bugger stole me Gracie.” He shot his whiskey down in one swallow. “This really is horse piss.”!
!


!“What‘d you mean Monsieur, its horse piss?” Nicole

asked in her French accent. “You are horse droppings!” !

!The 24 year old Nicole possessed a unique half

French, half Native ancestry. Her father from Quebec, and

Crow mother, combined to produce a lady with striking

beauty and a sharp mind. Although, she wore clothes with

a distinctly French design, she honored her native

heritage by wearing tight fitting thigh-high moccasins. It

enhanced her overall sex appeal. !

!“My dear,” Joe said in his smooth silky voice. “It is

pure crap.” He spilled the whiskey on the floor. “Horse piss tastes better then this so called whiskey.” !
!“Swine!” The fiery tempered lady threw a glass at Joe. ! !A nimble Joe ducked, letting the glass smash against the wall. “Such fire beneath such beauty.” Joe smiled and winked. He watched her eyes dilate, showing a hint of sexual interest. For there was definite sexual interest on Joe’s part. On top of her extraordinary facial features and curvaceous body, Nicole wore the most hypnotic jasmine scented perfume, which only enhanced her overall allure. ! !“You insult moi.” Nicole pointed to the front door. !

!“Such extraordinary beauty!” He held up his hand, flashing his winning smile. “But, before you toss us out, my buddy and I have a solution to your problem.”!
!

!The following morning Joe awoke to the sound of a blacksmith’s pounding hammer. For last night he made his way back to the side of the blacksmith’s shop, where he originally chose to sleep. He trembled most of the night,
!


clutching his newly won stash. Was it from the cold, or fear of being robbed? In addition, a nearby neighing horse, which serenaded him through the night, disrupted his pursuit of sleep. !

!A tired Joe stretched and proceeded around to the

front of the blacksmith shop. “Excuse me,” Joe said to the sweating blacksmith. “I need to purchase a horse. What can I get for twenty dollars?” !

!“Piss all,” answered the gigantic blacksmith with thick biceps and thick bushy eyebrows. “My handle’s Paul. What the hell do they call you?” ! !“Joe Kaminsky.”!

!“Well, Joe, I might have a stubborn old ox for that much.”!
!“How about throwing in a wagon and harness?” !

!Paul’s bushy eyebrows rose in surprise. “You	got

guts. But no chance.” He swung his humongous hammer,

scaring Joe with the loud clang. !

!Joe licked his lips, glancing around, speaking softly, “How about if I give you ten jugs of my first batch of the finest home made whiskey you’ve ever tasted?”!
!
!
!
FIVE!
!
!

!One hour later Joe rolled up to the Ituna General Store with a slow moving ox, worn jingling harness and a
!


battered old farm wagon. Sol walked out to meet Joe. He raised his hand in greeting, wearing a huge smile. “Your fortunes turned over night.”!

!Joe leaped off the wagon seat. “With a turn of a card. Now I plan to use up that credit. And I stumbled into some extra cash.”!

!Within the hour, Joe filled the oversized farm wagon. He purchased food, dishes, tools, clothes, boots, seeds, lanterns, and the list went on. Also, he purchased supplies that would assist with his new business. !

!Joe shook Sol’s hand warmly before departing. “I’ve used up my credit. Spent every penny I can.”!
!The store owner fidgeted with his spectacles, getting them back square on his nose. “If you stick to used equipment. And negotiate hard, you’ve just enough for your last items.” !

!“Thanks Sol, much appreciated.”!

!The store keeper held up his hands. “Wait! I’ve a present for you.” Sol scampered back in the store, returning in a moment. He carried an old rifle and three boxes of ammunition. He handed them to Joe. “For some reason kid, I think you’re gonna need these.”!
!

!As Joe got the creaking wagon moving, he chewed on another ring of that Polish sausage with its potent garlic flavor. The sausage made him homesick. For it reminded him of his mom’s kitchen back in Poland. The warm hearted lady always had plenty on hand. He encouraged
!


the plodding ox to pick up the pace with no luck. He crawled by the blacksmith shop, noticing a disturbance. ! !Mr. Boyko, supporting finely tailored, new looking coveralls, yelled at the owner. “Paul, that’s too damn much for a plow!”!

!“That’s the price for a brand new John Deere plow,” Paul responded. “Take it, or leave it.”!
!Mr. Boyko ranted and roared, threw his hands up in disgust. He began to walk away.!
!Joe halted the ox and wagon. “What’s the problem?” ! !“Move on Galician,” bellowed Mr. Boyko with blood vessels about to erupt. “Mind your own business you lazy dupa.” !

!Joe chuckled. “I may be an ass. But I’m not lazy. And it’s great to see you too, neighbor.” !
!“What the hell do you mean, neighbor?” Mr. Boyko asked. !
!“My homestead sits right across from your place.”! !“Damn! Having a horny dupa like you near by.” Mr. Boyko shook his fist at Joe. “You stay away from my Anna.”!

!“Got my word on that.” Joe turned to Paul, “How far apart are you two on the plow?”!
!“Miles,” replied the base toned blacksmith.!

!“He’s being unreasonable.” Mr. Boyko kicked the dirt

with his shiny work boots. “Damn unreasonable!”!

!The agile Joe hopped off his wagon. He slapped Mr.

Boyko on the back. “Why don’t you and I go half and half

on this new plow?”!
!


!Mr. Boyko spat in the street. “With a Galician like you?”!

!“You got a better offer neighbor?”!

!Mr. Boyko dropped his gaze. He rammed his big paws into his coverall pockets. “Damn, I don’t have enough to even go half with you.” He pulled a fancy multicolored handkerchief out of his pocket, wiping his worried brow. ! !Joe ushered Paul off to the side for a private chat. Within a couple of minutes, Joe removed cash from his jacket pocket, anding it to the blacksmith. Joe walked by Mr. Boyko. He slapped him on the back again, leaping up on his wagon. “Looks like we got a deal. Now go pay your half. We follow a schedule, one week yours, one week mine. No exceptions. You can have the first week. And you bring out the plow.” !

!Mr. Boyko nodded. “Agreed Galician.”!

!“See you soon neighbor.” Joe flicked his reins. “Get going. You stupid ox.”!
!

!An excited Joe headed out of town, anticipating his final stop before he’d lay his eyes on his homestead. Sol issued him specific directions. It took Joe only a few miles out of his way. The trip seemed to take forever. The stubborn ox kept its own plodding pace, not altering it for anyone. The squeaking wagon irritated Joe. Until he stopped and greased the wreck. !

!Finally by early afternoon, he pulled up in front of a lean-to type shelter constructed out of ripped weather-worn canvas and grouting tree branches. A chaotic camp
!


site sat in front of him. Fire pit piled with ashes. Garbage and whiskey bottles scattered everywhere, and a horrid stench that Joe smelt a half mile away. !

!“Woe.” The wagon thudded to a stop. “Anybody home?”!
!Two identical scruffy young men about Joe’s age rose from their disgusting blankets, that crawled with flees. The two men grumbled, mumbled, spat, pissed and farted loudly, scaring the nearby birds away. !

!Joe eased off the wagon. He stretched his soar muscles. “I’m Joe Kaminsky. Are you Jimmy and Tommy Cardinal?”!

!The two longhaired natives wearing lumberjack shirts nodded their heads and scratched themselves. “Got whisky?” Jimmy asked. He had a raiser sharp knife strapped to his hip, which he touched lightly. !

!“I might, if you sell me your Daddy’s whiskey still?”!

!The older twin by ten minutes, Jimmy, inched forward. “What if we ain’t selling?”!
!“That’s fine guys. But from what I hear, your daddy was the man who made the whiskey. Neither one of you have the magic touch.”!

!Jimmy kicked an old whiskey jug. “Could if we wanted.”!
!“But, do either of you Cardinals want to make whiskey?”!
!Tommy shuffled in his bright orange work boots and mumbled. “Maybe.” !
!


!Joe shook his head, never seeing that color boot before. “Don’t have time to wait until you decide.” He moved to get up on the wagon. !

!“Wait,” Jimmy yelled. “We don’t mind working round the still. But Daddy did the making.” ! !“So you’ll sell?”!

!Jimmy nodded. “Just wanna good price.”!

!Joe walked up to the malnourished twins. He plucked out cash with a flare. “Here it is. Only if the still is in good shape. Your cash, if you agree to sell.” ! !“Not enough,” said Jimmy.!

!“Well, no use me even sizing up the still. Seeing how we’re not talking the same language.” Joe motioned to leave. “Good luck selling it.” ! !“Wait,” Tommy whispered.!

!Jimmy flicked a flea off his ripped shirt. “On one condition.”!
!Joe sighed. “And what’s that?”!

!“After our daddy died, Tommy and me lost this place. And we ain’t welcome at our reservation in Manitoba.” Jimmy wilted as he swallowed his pride. He inquired with a quiver in his voice, “Can, can we come live with you?”!
!
!With the extra large whiskey still piled on top of the load, the three headed for Joe’s homestead. The added weight slowed the ox even more. So, the twins walked along side, carrying their few possessions. The only additional clothing they packed was a lumberjack shirt each. Although, one item the Cardinal twins treasured was
!


a picture of their parents. It was wrapped carefully, and handled with care as they trudged along. !

!The other item they guarded with their life, were a number of large potted plants riding in the wagon. They called them their Mex tabacky. They acquired the seeds from a traveling salesman. The twins mastered the art of growing the unusual plants in this cold climate. They both carried a bulging leather pouch filled with the treasured Mex tabacky. !

!Joe enjoyed getting better acquainted with the Cardinals on this final leg. He could now stand to be near them. He insisted they jump in water and scrub, if they were to travel with him. Joe realized the twins may possess more skills then he first thought. Jimmy chattered nonstop, while Tommy was a fella with few words. The five foot six twins claimed they could hunt, trap and fish. They joked about their love of playing pranks, promising to play none on Joe. !

!Jimmy bragged he could build some, run a trapline, and shoot as accurate as anyone. Reluctantly, Tommy disclosed he could work a plough, tend a producing garden and tend livestock. Joe hoped they were being straight with him. He didn’t want to regret this impulsive decision. !

!As they crested a hill, Joe gasped. “Shit guys! This is it!”!
!The Cardinal twins whooped and hollered. Joe broke into a lengthy belly laugh. He never dreamed the final stage of his long journey to his homestead would unfold in
!


this manner. Although, he relished the fact he’d someone to share it with. He stood up with the reins in hand, ox plodding along. He pointed to a spot a quarter mile away. “That’s where we’re building a cabin.” !

!The location was a high lush meadow surrounded by plenty of protective bush. The meadow overlooked the 160 acres of fertile soil, with endless trees which needed to be cleared. Most important, this meadow was located conveniently 50 yards from a sizable clear water pond. Joe knew he required an endless water supply for his home, livestock, garden and especially his whiskey making. !

!Joe plunked back down on the wagon seat. He pulled out the accordion from his bag, playing a tune that could be heard for miles around. The twins jigged, while they continued to whoop and holler. They let the world know they felt this was every bit their new home as well. The new immigrant experienced a sentimental moment, thinking of his dad back in Krakow. Joe wished he could be here with him, taking in this 160 acre piece of paradise. That Joe could have never ever owned back in his overcrowded Poland. !
!
!
!
SIX!
!

!
!


!“Hey, you damn Galician,” Mr. Boyko roared as he rumbled over to Joe’s camp site one week later with smoking pipe in hand. The Ukrainian immigrant halted when he stared in shock at the progress Joe made around his place. In one week, Joe and the Cardinal twins erected a make shift dwelling out of logs and canvas. They constructed a stone fireplace, which would become one corner of their permanent cabin. !

!In addition, they used their hand tools to plant a garden in a cleared area, built a basic table and chairs, and built a small log corral. A side of deer meat hung from a tree branch, with a large hide drying in the sun. The thing Mr. Boyko didn’t see was a path that ran to an already functioning and well hidden whiskey still.!

!Mr. Boyko took a puff from his pipe, glaring at Joe. “I’m keeping that plow for longer.” !
!“Wow!” Joe chuckled sarcastically. “You know how to keep your word.”!
!“I need it.” Mr. Boyko took a threatening step towards Joe. “So, I keep it. And I don’t need lip from a Galician dupa.” !

!“For sure. I’m an ass. And your deal with this ass, was one week for you, one week for me. It is my turn.” ! !Mr. Boyko clinched one large fist. With the other he pointed the lit pipe at Joe. “No!”!

!“Guess we’re gonna settle this the old fashion way.” Joe threw off his coat. He rolled up his sleeves and stretched.!
!


!“I’ll break you in half,” Mr. Boyko boasted and enjoyed a hardy laugh.!

!While Mr. Boyko continued to laugh, Joe stroked his mustache, as he kicked the big man in the crotch. Mr. Boyko hit the ground. It felt like a small tremor hitting the prairies. He gasped for breath. He curled up into a ball. A loud agonizing bellow originated from the man, sounding like an enraged bull buffalo. The noise brought the twins racing home from where they were cutting wood a quarter mile away. !

!Joe snatched up the pipe. He put it out. He shoved it in the Ukrainian’s pocket. “Now, if you ever attempt to pull anything like that again, I won’t be so gentle. Do you understand?”!

!“Dirty dupa,” snapped Mr. Boyko.!

!“Okay.” Joe stepped on Mr. Boyko’s hand. “I can break it with one stomp.”!
!The struggling man attempted to free himself. He slapped at Joe’s leg feebly, but was too weak. “Damn
Galician.”!
we have an
!“I’ll ask again. Mr. Boyko, do

understanding?” Joe applied a bit more pressure on the hand. !
!“Yeah.”!

!“Are you going to keep your word this time?” !

!“Yeah, yeah, now stop!” !

!“And to show I’m a reasonable man. You can keep the plow for two more days.” Joe eased off the pressure. !
!


!Mr. Boyko massaged his bruised hand. “Dirty Galician!” He moaned, gritting his teeth. ! !“But only two days.”!

!“And like I said Galician, you better keep clear of my Anna!”!
!“I gave you my word.”!

!Right then the Cardinal boys burst into the clearing, axes in hand. Joe stepped away from the moaning man. Mr. Boyko sat up slowly. It took him a second to focus in on the twins. He pointed an unsteady finger at the two. “What the hell are them heathens doing here?” ! !“They live here,” replied Joe. And work with me. Damn hard workers these fellas.!

!“No,	Indian gonna be a neighbor of mine.”!

!“Don’t see you got much choice Mr. Boyko. This is my land.”!
!Joe’s neighbor wobbled as he rose to his feet. He glared hate at the twins. “I’m getting the Mounted Police out here.” He reached over and grabbed a garden hoe. “They’ll be sending them heathens back to their reservation.” Mr. Boyko shook a threatening hoe at them. “And if they don’t, I sure as hell will!”!
!

!Four weeks later Anna Boyko crept across to Joe’s farmyard to speak with him. She wiggled up to Joe, planting a passionate kiss on his lips. “Oh Joe! I’ve missed you. Are we alone?”!

!“The twins are off hunting,” Joe replied, inching back.!
!


!Anna glanced around, taking stock of the yard. “I can’t believe what you’ve done with the place. Your home’s half built. You’ve a garden, cleared land, and even a well dug.”! !“For sure, Jimmy said he had the gift to find sweet water. He did.”!

!“Two weeks ago Papa cut himself bad with an axe.

He hasn’t done much since.” She laid another juicy kiss on Joe and said in a honeyed tone, “My parents are in town. We’ve time to.”!

!Joe seized her pudgy hands, sizing up the over sized penny ring on each finger. He noticed the green rash on a couple of her fingers from the cheap jewelry. He looked up, studying her blue eyes. “Anna. We can’t. I promised your father I’d stay away from you.”!

!Anna winked, jutting out one hip clumsily. She attempted to speak in a suggestive manner. Except, it sounded more like a whine. “But, haven’t you missed this?” The stout Anna attempted to strike an enticing pose. ! !Joe shuffled backwards a couple of steps. “Anna. We can’t!”!


!She blinked in surprise. “How could you not want me? You’re so far beneath me.” !
!“Class system means little over here Anna.” !

!Inside Joe enjoyed a chuckle, for on that long trip

from Montreal, all Anna could talk about was their place in society back in their small home town in Ukraine. And she promised that one day she’d married somebody of the right class. In her mind, people of social standing
!


displayed their jewelry. And the man she married must supply plenty of that. In her mind Joe should be that man. ! !She gathered herself for another try at her enticement trap. “Oh silly Joe, are you sure you don’t want me?” Anna flashed him a pouty look. She undid the top buttons on her dress.!

!“Look Anna, I’m sorry. You want something I can’t give you.”!
!She moved in, thrusting out her breasts. She ran her hand over his shoulder. “But we both want.” She licked her lips hungrily.!

!He removed Anna’s roving hand. “I am sorry. Just not going to work.”!
!“If there’s someone else.”Anna stomped her foot. “I’ll kill her!”!
!“You and I are just different.”!

!Anna raged, shed tears and mumbled, “My father’s right. You’re not good enough for me.”! !“For sure Anna.”!

!“Well, I want to get married right away. Fredrick Romanow asked me to marry him. I think I’m gonna accept.” !

!“Hope Fredrick makes you happy.”!

!She jabbed him in the chest with a warning finger.

“This is your last chance. Otherwise, I’ll marry Fredrick on Saturday.”!
!Joe stared deep into her angry blue eyes. “Anna, I wish you and Fredrick all the best.”!
!


!“You bastard!” Anna shrilled. She wound up and cracked Joe across the face, with her rings leaving a distinct red mark. !
!
!
!
SEVEN!
!
!

!“Perfection!” Joe declared one month later on a warm summer day in 1903. He just sampled their first batch of whiskey. He licked his lips, enjoying another sample. “Guys, so smooth.” !

!Eagerly, the Cardinal twins sampled the whiskey as well, giving it their stamp of approval. Savoring a second sample in order to be 100% positive. Joe joined the twins in a third sampling. !

!All three preceded to fill jugs with the potent juice. In the middle of the night Joe and the twins loaded up the wagon. They greased the wagon in order to limit the squeaking, and headed for town. Fortunately, the nearest North West Mounted Police office sat over 40 miles away, and Ituna boasted of no law enforcement. Except, the young whiskey maker knew he must be careful. !

!Joe headed off to fulfill his commitment to Paul the blacksmith, giving Nicole her large order, slipping Sol at the general store a couple of jugs, and filling the multiple orders which Danny secured from the railway gangs. !
!


!The trip into town went off uneventful, not a person to be found. All late night drop-offs proceeded like bootlegging clockwork. All went well. Especially, after Nicole sampled Joe’s liquor. “Please, come back when you are fini,” the exotic looking Nicole whispered as she wore her low-cut short red dress. It was standard and popular uniform for all the ladies at Nicole’s Place. !

!Nicole ensured Joe would return as she seductively rotated her hips, jutting out her ample cleavage. “A sizable nose.” She tapped Joe on one nostril. “Magnifique for the love.” She winked, licked her full moist lips and moaned erotically. “And I will grace you with an added reward.” She pinched his ass.!

!Joe completed the drop-offs on cloud nine, until the final stop at Paul’s blacksmith shop. Joe’s ever searching eyes noticed two outlines of men. The mysterious men watched the twins passing the jugs to Paul at the side of that blacksmith shop. The over curious watchers stood across the street. They hid in the shadows of the Ituna Hotel and Bar. !

!Joe pointed with an ever so slight movement. Jimmy and Tommy picked up on the cue. They slithered off away like sly silent night crawlers. The twins rated masters of moving anywhere without detection. Joe and Danny continued to chat with Paul, as if nothing was out of the ordinary.!

!Five minutes later, two thuds were heard in the night. Joe, Danny and Paul raced over to where the men were hidden. The twins hovered over the two unconscious
!


observers. Sizable rocks sat in the twin’s hands. They supported mischievous grins.!

!“Wouldn’t come quietly,” explained Jimmy. !

!“Who are they?” Joe asked.!

!Danny knelt to take a better look, bowler hat falling to the ground. “Two mean thugs who got fired from the railway.” He scooped up his hat. He took on a serious tone, “Heard around town that Mike hired these two killer dogs as his own personal muscle. And these vicious blokes play real rough.”!
!

A scorching hot day in early August of 1903, as Joe and Danny lounged around a table in the nearly completed cabin. The smell of freshly cut wood filtered through the place. All doors and windows gaped open, attempting to let a breeze cool down the overheating cabin. !

!“Love the monster dog,” Danny said as he admired the pure white Siberian Husky filling the doorway. ! !“Bogan is one smart tough dog.”!
!“Guess the brute is good protection?”!

!“For sure.” Joe tossed Bogan a treat. The dog caught it like a baseball star of the White Stockings of Chicago. The team had become the whiskey maker’s favorite club to follow in the growing sport he was learning. “Although, Danny, Bogan likes to howl with the coyotes. Keeps me up.”!

!“The pup likes to sing like me.” Danny took a sip of whiskey from his glass. “Pretty damn sweet!” He savored another sip. “Grand whiskey, grand dog and a grand cabin.
!


And one of the grandest icehouses out back this lad’s ever seen.”!

!Joe took a sip of the whiskey. He wished he’d some

ice to go with it, but too hot. “Best decision I ever made

was those Cardinal twins. Shit, can they work. Did most of

this cabin.” Joe chuckled. “Except, those two continually

hold their farting contests.” !

!“No way mate.”!

!“A legendary event to watch them load up on baked beans and go to work.” Joe laughed louder. “And the crazy thing they take enormous pride in victory.” !

!Danny teared up as his laughter grew in intensity. “How can you stand it?”!
!Joe fanned himself. “Make both sleep as far	from me

as possible on the night of the main event.” Both men bent over, enjoying a belly laugh. “But the stupidest thing was the other night, they tried to get Bogan in on their contest. But the dog had too much class for that.” !

!Danny blurted out with tears rolling down his cheeks. “Bogan would a kicked their ass if he wanted!” !

!“I think Bogan snubbed the twins cause of their pranks. They continually dig up his bones to confuse the poor dog.”!

!Danny snapped his green suspenders. “And them pranksters tied me pant holders into a million knots.” ! !“I love those two! Even though, they like to get funny on that Mex tabacky they grow. They laugh themselves silly with that smoke. Then eat me out of house and home. But always got my back.” !
!


!“Loyal mates.”!

!“Speaking of loyal mates.” Joe pulled out a wad of

bills. He slapped the large bundle of cash in Danny’s hand. “And here’s your latest cut buddy.”!
!“Bloody hell! You just gave me a bundle last week.”! !“Yeah. But your muscle keeps many undesirables from squeezing us. Plus, the way you got the rail gangs buying the stuff. Like we hit a gold mine.” !

!“Just hope this mine don’t play out,” said Danny. “But I can’t believe how me luck changed when three things happened all on the same day.”! !“What’s that?”!

!“The day I bought me lucky Irish green suspenders and hat. And the day we met.” !
!“Let’s hope our luck keeps up. Cause we’re on a roll. The way Nicole takes anything we got. The way Jimmy’s got the Big Bear reserve buying a ton cause he’s dating the Chief’s daughter, and with you working your rail magic. It kind of spreads out the sales. Shit, can’t keep up with demand as it is.”!

!“Grand problem to have mate.” Danny shoved the cash in his pocket.!
!“And Danny, we couldn’t do it without you. And it’s only the beginning.” !
!Danny leaned forward in his chair. “Saving every cent. Someday this bloke hopes to buy into me own bar.” His shoulders slumped. “When Gracie and me were engaged, we dreamed of that day together.” The Irishman drained his glass. “Then that wanker Mike got hold of her.” He
!


kicked of the leg of the table. “The bugger will never marry the lass.” !

!Joe stretched out and slapped his friend on the back. “I’m sorry!” !
!“Yeah, still love Gracie . Even though she dumped me one week before our wedding.”Danny poured the last drop from the jug. “To the future.” Both men emptied their glasses. “Enough serious shit, want to hear some gossip?”! !“Give it to me.”!

!“Well, Joe, big mouth Fredrick Romanow claims he’s already got his Anna knocked up.” !
!Joe choked as he was about to in hail a huge swallow of whisky. !
!“Yeah, that lazy Fredric can’t stop crowing about what a grand man he is,” Danny continued. “The rubbish spends a ton of time at Mike’s bar. Does he do anything over their at the Boyko place, now that he and Anna are living there?”!

!“Not a thing. Although, he does sit up that big hill, picking his nose, watching the three of us work our ass off.”!

!“Do Fredrick, Anna and Mr. Boyko still hate the twins?”!
!“For sure. But finally stopped calling them filthy

names and throwing rocks at them. But only after they got the message.”!
!“What message Joe?”!
!


!“Gophers left in Mr. Boyko’s coveralls. A mysterious substance slipped on Anna’s jewelry, making it stick to her like glue for days. And horse piss in Fredrick’s whisky jog.”! !Danny howled. “Them twins are the best!”!

!Jimmy burst into the cabin, out of breath. “Tommy and me gotta run.” He grabbed his old rifle. “Police a coming. Mike from the hotel, Fredrick and Boyko with ‘em.” !
!
!
!
EIGHT!
!
!

!Joe ambled towards the Ituna General Store two months later. He spotted Caroline and an elderly gentlemen approaching. She raised a welcoming hand in greeting. He smiled and studied her with admiring eyes. For she was definitely an early bloomer. Caroline was becoming a stunningly beautiful young lady with a woman's shapely figure.!

!Joe waited for them to catch up. He winked and bowed to Caroline. She wore a simple royal blue dress. “Good afternoon Miss Caroline. How are you? And may I say, you look positively lovely in my favorite color.”!

!A sweet sounding giggle erupted from the youthful goddess. “Joseph, you’re a funny man.” She didn’t understand. But once again, this handsome young man stirred something inside her. Something she knew was sinful. !
!


!The sour-faced portly man with Caroline asked, “Who is this?” !

!“Oh Papa. This is Joseph Kaminsky. And Joseph, this is my father.”!
!“Pleased to meet you, Mr. Gomulka.” Joe offered his hand. !
!The short Mr. Gomulka sniffed. “I’ve heard of you from that successful Mike Ivanov.” The balding man didn’t return the offer of a handshake. “And I’d advise you, Caroline, never to speak to this dirt poor criminal again.”! !Joe retracted his hand with a blush. !

!“Papa!”Caroline squared her shoulders. “That was rude.” !
!“Of course, you can’t be seen talking to filthy trash like this.” Mr. Gomulka gripped her arm. He pushed Caroline along. “Otherwise, the arrangement I have with Mike Ivanov when you come of age, will be in jeopardy.”!
!

!“Shit,” Joe mumbled to himself. For that night a somber Joe hung out at the end of the bar at Nicole’s Place. The negative comment from Caroline’s father, Mr. Golmulka, affected Joe. He hated being seen as dirt poor trash. He took pride in what he accomplished so far. But he knew he had much more to accomplish. He sighed with a bit of satisfaction, as Joe felt his whiskey had a small part in the fact Nicole’s place stood packed. Standing room only, not a chair to be found. For Mike’s customers flocked to Nicole’s. Joe’s smooth whiskey became a mega hit. !
!


!Danny strolled over and asked in a hushed tone, “Hey mate, have you had any more visits from the wankers?”! !“Just that once,” Joe replied quietly. “Lucky Jimmy and Tommy had time to clear out.” !

!Mr. Boyko fumed when the Police found no sign of either twin. Although, they came within 30 feet when searching for the whiskey still. Those Cardinal twins knew how to camouflage. Mike went crazy when no sign of a whiskey still could be located. Fortunately, the Police were there to restrain him, as a battle would have broke out right there. !

!Unfortunately, Mike’s two bottom-feeder thugs had spotted Joe handing the jugs to Paul that delivery night. And they also recalled who knocked them out with rocks. Those duplicate lumberjack shirts gave the Cardinal twins away, along with Tommy’s orange work boots. So, the Mounties were determined to catch the twins, and locate a working still. Except, the Mounties required much more credible evidence, then the word of a couple of unscrupulous criminals working for Mike to nail anyone.! !Joe got lucky. He knew it. “I need to move the operation.”!

!“Where mate?”!

!“A long way from my homestead.” Joe took a shot of whiskey on ice. “Ah, this is good. But I’m not going to get lucky twice.”!

!The evening unfolded without event until midnight. A chair opened up at the gambling table. Joe studied the table with a gambler’s eye all night. Betting patterns and
!


tendencies were well understood. He felt it was time to strike.!

!“Watch my back,” Joe muttered to Danny. “It could get interesting.”!
!“You got it mate,” said Danny. He slipped off to find a more convenient location. !
!Joe sat in on the game, within no time he was up a decent amount. The cards were with him. He was in twice this month. He’d lost a bundle each time. But the skill of these gamblers tonight weren’t of the calibre playing those particular evenings. !

!By three in the morning, only Joe and a farmer

remained at the table. The short hawk-faced farmer owned a number of quarters of land a few miles south of town. He swilled plenty of whisky throughout the night, won consistently and his courage ran high.!

!“Do you want to call it a night?” Joe asked.!

!The farmer, wearing a grimy vest with no shirt

underneath, yelled out for all to hear, “Are you fucking

scared Galician?” Only the quiet clinking of glasses could

be heard in the bar. The room sensed the tension. The

farmer sucked back another mega shot of whiskey,

supporting a smug look on his poxed mug. “I hear you’re

scared of a lot of things.” !

!“What‘d you mean?” !

!“Big Mike at the hotel told me chicken Joe never come back since he whipped your ass.” The farmer cackled as he slapped his knee. “Chicken Joe’s what Mike
!


calls you.” The farmer began making the sound of a clucking chicken.!

!Joe gripped the arm of his chair to settle himself. “So, let’s play on. But let’s stop pissing around.”!
!“What’d you mean Galician? Or is that chicken Joe?”!

!“Let’s up the stakes. See who is chicken.”!

!A total silence fell over the place. The farmer thought for a long minute. He grinned. “Okay Galician. Can’t wait to tell Mike that I whipped chicken Joe in cards like he whipped you in a fight.”!

!“So, what’ll it be?” Joe asked. “One hand takes all.

Bet an ox, twenty dollars, or something big like that.”!

!“Joe’s a fucking chicken.” The farmer slammed down

the remainder of his glass of whiskey. He announced in his

rough tone, “You boy, are playing with a real man! Try

again.”	!

!“Well, let me think.” Joe filled the man’s glass.!

!The overconfident farmer pounded down the full glass. He hammered it on the table, rattling the whiskey bottle. That bottle hit the floor. It sent shattered glass in every direction. “Someone damn well clean that up! And give me another bottle.”!

!Nicole clenched her fist. “Oui, Monsieur Swine.” She handed Joe a fresh whiskey bottle. She snatched money out of the farmer’s pile. She began sweeping up the mess, cursing the farmer in French. !

!Joe filled up the man’s glass one more time. Joe let his pounding heart slow down before he jumped in the
!


deep end. “How about we bet a quarter section of land? One hand. One draw. Nothing wild.”!

!The farmer sputtered, “I, I don’t got a deed on me.”!

!“Neither do I, but there has to be a way.” Joe grinned. “Unless you are a chicken?” !
!A quiet chuckle rose up from the few remaining folks. ! !The farmer turned many shades of scarlet. He looked around for help. “Too bad I don’t got a deed Galician. Or you’d be in some kinda trouble.”!

!Nicole eased closer to the table. “Not a problem. If

you gentlemen sign a paper with the correct wording, and we obtain proper witnesses, as good as gold.”!
!“I’m in,” said Joe, rubbing his hands in anticipation.! !A long silence unfolded. The farmer broke out into a sweat. He mopped his brow with the back of his hand. “Ah, well, okay.”!

!“Might I ask for a volunteer to deal the hand?” Joe asked the crowd. “To ensure it is on the up and up.”! !A smartly dressed gent, who sat in the corner, stood. “Let me volunteer. I used to deal on occasion back inChicago.”!

!The documents sighting a quarter of land for Joe and the farmer were drawn up, and signed by the appropriate individuals. The dealer assumed his position. The five cards were dealt to both players. !

!The farmer only asked for one card. He grinned from ear to ear. Joe took three cards, causing the farmer to chuckle and snort. “Feeling the heat chicken Galician?” The farmer cackled at his handle for Joe.!
!


!Joe tapped his fingers on the table, drawing out the moment. “How’d you like to make it even more interesting?”!

!“What‘d you mean chicken Galician?”!

!“Let’s say, you put in that big horse of yours standing outside. And I’ll put up my ox and wagon.” !
!The farmer grabbed the bottle on the table. He took a long pull. “Done! May as well clean you out.”!
!Joe maintained his straight face. “Now show your cards.”!
!“Let this be a lesson to you chicken Galician or chicken Joe. Either way, you one big a loser.” Two aces and two kings were slammed down on the table. The farmer rose, wobbled and grabbed for the documents from the centre of the table.!

!“And I think you better work on your story for Mike.”

Joe laid three jacks on the table. “A chicken or loser don’t fit my name tonight.” !
!
!
!
NINE!
!
!
!Within two days Joe and the Cardinal brothers transferred the whisky making operation to the newly acquired quarter section of land south of Ituna. The quality of land Joe won, rated suspect. Although, its extensive bush, ample water, and poor access made it the perfect
!


location for a high producing still. One bonus was a dilapidated log cabin with a functioning well nearby. ! !In one week they made it livable. Holes were filled, mice chased out, and pains of glass installed. The cabin sat ready to protect any occupants from the upcoming prairie winter. A wood stove pumped heat, basic furniture set up, plenty of food and supplies in place. A crewed corral and lean-to was erected for the draft horse Joe also won in the poker game. Also, the ambitious young Polish immigrant purchased a solid wagon to be used for deliveries of whiskey out of this location. Finally, the whiskey still was set up and operational. !

!Jimmy was ready to make this place his new home. He transported the picture of his parents, hanging it with pride for all to admire. Also, Jimmy brought half of the Mex tabacky plants. Joe would travel back and forth between the two farms as required, while Tommy would spend the majority of his time on the original north homestead. Clearing land, planting and tending livestock had become Tommy’s main focus and passion. !

!Now as far as Jimmy, his passion was the whisky business. He turned out to be an excellent seller and distributor of the smooth potent juice. One other advantage of this south location, was its proximity to three large native reservations. The reservations sat within 20 miles with plenty of back roads for Jimmy to transport the liquor. Also, the womanizing Jimmy enjoyed girlfriends scattered along his stops, making his deliveries more enjoyable. !
!


!While setting up the new whiskey operation, Joe journeyed into Ituna on two occasions for supplies. On one of the trips, he met Caroline on the street. She stepped unescorted, no Mr. Gomulka in sight to get in the way. “You look more beautiful, each time I set eyes on you,” the silvery tongued Joe declared. !

!Caroline smoothed down the front of her long skirt, appearing flustered by the forbidden Joe. “Thank you.” She glanced about nervously. “ I’m not supposed to be talking to you.” Except, the last thing she wanted was for him to move on. She studied his frame, liking the cut of his cloth, liking and disliking the thoughts and emotions surfacing inside her.!

!He let fly with his mischievous wink, on top of that never failing smile. “But do you want to talk to me?”! !Slowly, she brushed her silky soft hair back. She gazed directly into the roguish Joe’s eyes. “Hmm. Yes, Joseph.” She blushed at saying that. But she found Joe better looking and more interesting each time she ran into him. She’d never admit that to anyone. !

!“And I definitely feel the same.” Joe tapped his anxious fingers against his thigh. “But I must know. Has your father promised you to Mike Ivanov?”! !“That’s his plan.”!

!“Is it your plan?”!

!Unconsciously, Caroline balled up her fists. “I know they’re not married. But I’ve seen how Mike treats Gracie.”! !Joe frowned. “That man should be.”!
!


!“Hush Joseph!” She placed her fingers to his lips. “Don’t say it. I pray every night that Gracie can be delivered from the hell she lives in.”! !“Why doesn’t Gracie leave?”!

!“She loves him. Well,	maybe not so much now.”

Caroline sighed with concern. “She’s scared of him.”!

!“She should get out. Maybe Danny would.”!

!“She’s ashamed of what she did to Danny. Gracie could never go back.”!
!“She might be surprised. Danny still loves her.”!

!Caroline widened her expressive eyes in surprise. “That’d be a shock to Gracie.”!
!“So Caroline, what about you marrying Mike?”!

!“He’s already looking at me in that way.” She blushed. “Mike scares me.” Caroline tensed her shoulders, shuffling her feet. “Really scares me.” She bit her lip before continuing, “But the priest at our local church and my father insist.”!

!“Caroline, you don’t have to.”!

!“I know I could go against my father’s wishes.” She sniffled. “Except that, if a priest demands it.” She clutched her rosary. “Then I must.” !
!

!“She’s hurt bad!” Sol blurted out as Joe stepped into the Ituna General Store. !
!It’d been one month since Joe ventured into town,

and he had his disturbing conversation with Caroline. He required supplies. He craved some news. He wanted
!


some excitement. Therefore, Joe ventured in, braving the cold temperatures and falling snow. !

!“Who?” Joe asked as he brushed off the snow on his toasty warm full-length buffalo coat. It was a present from the Cardinal brothers. !

!“Nicole was beaten up. Her place busted up as well.”!

!“Where is she?”!

!“Upstairs with my wife. Go on up Joe.”!

!A panicking Joe flung his heavy coat on a chair. He raced upstairs, leaping two steps at a time. When he entered the room, he sucked in a breath. A black eyed Nicole wept, curled up on the sofa. She rocked herself back and forth as if in a trans. When she realized Joe entered, she turned her face away. Mrs. Goldstein slipped out of the room to give the two privacy.!

!“Who did it?” Joe asked with a soothing tone.!

!A despondent Nicole moved her hair to partially cover her scarred face. She took her time to respond, “Who else? Mike’s goons.” !

!“I’ll kill them.” Joe slammed his fist into his palm.!

!A crestfallen Nicole wiped her tears, shaking her

head. “Look at this.” She handed him a note. “Left it with

moi after the swine smashed up the place.” !

!Joe grabbed it. He read the note, looked up and groaned. “Is it true?” !
!A downcast Nicole nodded her head. “Oui.”	!

!Joe slumped his shoulders in defeat. He thought for a second. “Okay, I get it.”!
!


!“If there’s any retaliation, he’ll expose moi. Time for this halfbreed to flee.”!

!“Stay Nicole!” he took her hand. “You can stay.” !

!“I’m ruined!” She scrunched up her face, letting out a painful and bitter laugh. “No money to rebuild. And with that note, I can never own property again.”!

!“I’ve a solution. Nicole LaForge, it is time to team up.”! !“Oh Joe.” She shed her first tear. “You’ve been a magnifique friend and lover.” Abruptly, Nicole pulled her hand away, grasping at her silver bracelet. “But we’ll never never be more. I don’t love you. Never will.”! !“Nicole, I’m not talking about marriage.” !

!“Thank you. Then what are you talking about?”!

!“I’ve some cash. So does Danny. We can buy Nicole’s Place from you right now.”Joe held up the note. “Before this news gets out. We’ll rebuild. You’ll run the bar for a salary and a percentage of the profits.”! !“Joe, please get serious.”!

!“I am serious.” Joe looked deep into her eyes. His scintillating smile penetrated her soul. “Let’s do the sale documents right now.” Joe yelled downstairs, “Sol, we need you! And send somebody for Danny O’Reilly.”! !“No, no Joe.” Nicole shuttered. “They’ll come back.”! !Joe pumped his fist in the air. “You’ll have the best protection for a hundred miles.”! !“You’re crazy!” !

!“Crazy about half owning a bar run by one smart lady.”!
!


!Nicole paused for a minute, slowly raising her head. She broke out in a radiant smile. “Let’s do it!” !
!
!Joe and Danny put the finishing touches on Nicole’s Place on the afternoon of Christmas Eve in 1903. It’d been a hectic time for the two. Winter hit hard. But the two friends, with the help of the Cardinal twins, restored the bar to its original state, plus a few major improvements. ! !Joe wanted revenge for Mike’s actions. Nicole talked him down several times. She’d no success talking down the Cardinal twins. For they treated Nicole like a precious older sister. But they agreed that their undercover pranks would be done, without wearing the easily identifiable lumberjack shirts or Tommy’s orange boots. So in retaliation, they stole a shipment of alcohol being delivered to Mike’s bar. It left his place dry for three days. !

!Joe and the group added two extra rooms upstairs for permanent bartender/security guards. They managed to make room for ten more tables by knocking out a wall to an unused storage room. They built an exclusive gambling room at the back, with a craps table, roulette wheel and two fancy poker tables. They built a tiny special smoking room, where the twin’s Mex tabacky could be enjoyed. Finally, they expanded the kitchen, in order to now serve food. !

!“Are we almost ready?” Joe asked as he moved the new tables in place. “Cause Sol’s bringing her any minute.”!
!


!“Damn right mate!” Danny lifted a barrel of whiskey in place, behind the shiny new bar.!

!A series of knocks originated from the front door. Joe scampered to that door like an excited puppy after his mother’s tit. “She’s here!” He flung open the door, and ushered in Sol and a blindfolded Nicole into the warm room. !

!Nicole sniffed the air. “I love the smell of cedar.” She supported a permanent scar running down her cheek which was a result of the attack. “When can I remove it?”! !Joe maneuverer around her. He undid the blindfold. “Right now!”!

!As the blindfold tumbled to the floor, Nicole screamed. She clutched her hands to her face. “The place is beautiful! It feels gigantic.” She clapped her hands. “You brought in a piano.” She began to cry. “And you set up a massive Christmas tree too. Oh it is so, so magnifique!” The floodgate of tears opened up wide. Nicole hugged Joe and Danny. “Thank you! Thank you! Never dreamed.”! !They escorted her on a grand tour with nonstop tears spilling out. In her excitement, she pinched Joe’s well proportioned bum several times on the tour. They sat Nicole down in a chair at the end of the emotional walk through. They popped a bottle of champaign. All took a glass. Toasts were made to the new and improved Nicole’s Place. For there was no way the name would change. Even though, there were new owners.!

!“This is the best Christmas ever!” Nicole beamed. “I’m not leaving here tonight. I want to savor this.”!
!


!Danny propped up his feet on a chair. “Can’t think of a better place to be.” !

!“For sure.” Joe sipped his champaign. “The twins are south with the still and a couple of their long lost cousins. So, I’m staying right here where it is warm.” !

!Nicole twirled a lock of her hair with a finger. “I’m

glad.” She then leaned over, kissing Joe, tapping him on the nose, and said in a throaty tone, “You are magnifique!” ! !“Heard wanker Mike was fit to tie when he heard Nicole’s Place was reopening,” Danny informed. “And he couldn’t stop it by blackmailing Nicole.”!

!“To Sol!” Joe toasted the small man. “Thank you for making that timely deed transfer.”!
!“My pleasure. Great job on the place.” Sol adjusted

his glasses, heading for the door. “Got to get back to my wife.” !
!He opened the front door, cold roaring into the room. A panting Caroline raced up. She stopped at the door entrance, not entering the devil’s den as she called any bar. “Joseph, I heard the men talking at the hotel.” Caroline took a moment to compose herself. “They're saying, your homestead place north of town has burnt to the ground.”!
!
!
!
TEN!
!

!
!


!Upon hearing Caroline’s upsetting news on that Christmas Eve, Danny and Joe shared a conspiratorial nod. They knew what needed to be done. Ignoring the pleas from Caroline, Nicole and Sol, the two marched down to Mike’s bar. As they approached, Joe and Danny heard drunken singers butchering a christmas carol.! !Silence and surprised faces greeted them, as they eased open the bar door. They strode inside the wretched joint. For all the talk in the dive that night revolved around the way Mike showed that Galician by having someone torch his cabin. The bar room crowing included the claim that chicken Joe wouldn’t do a thing about it. Joe challenged Mike immediately, one on one. The two agreed, no interference from anyone. !

!“Boys, watch the blood bath.” Mike flexed his

muscles. “And a round’s on me when I whip this shit-head Galician.” !
!A cheer went up from his cronies. One of them hollered, “Kill the Galician!” !
!A boisterous Mike continued to jeer and taunt Joe, openly admitting he was responsible for the fire. A few tables were set a side. Bets were laid. The two combatants eyed each other, as they circled in the makeshift ring. The burley Mike possessed a size and reach advantage. Yet, Joe recognized a slim glimmer of fear in the big man. Something he’d seen in the eyes on a few other big men back in Krakow, the instant before he fought them. !
!


!Lightening quick, Joe slapped Mike across the face, while he stroked his mustache. It shocked the giant. For the speed and power behind the younger man sizzled. “Hear you bragged on how you pounded me in a fair fight once before.” Joe slapped him hard again. This time the crowd gasped with the speed in which the Polish immigrant moved. “You’re a liar Mike Ivanov. You’d a gang of your rail boys do that dirty work. You were on the floor pissing blood from my knee to your balls.” Joe punched the big man in the face. It snapped his head back. ! !“Bastard.” Mike gathered himself. He roared like a crazed beast. He rushed at Joe, attempting to lock him in a deadly bear hug. !

!No such chance as Joe halted Mike’s progress. He drove him with a straight shot to the solar plexus. He sent a couple of quick jabs. They set up a nasty right uppercut under the chin. A blistering shot to Mike’s left eye followed right behind. !

!It was apparent Joe was going to finish Mike off in a hurry. Until one of Mike’s thugs slammed a chair into Joe’s knee. It brought him down, allowing Mike to leap on top of Joe with fists flying. Danny charged after the thug and made short work of the scum. !

!Joe absorbed several direct blows from Mike. Blood flowed from the whiskey maker’s lips. His tooth flew across the floor. Feebly, Joe attempted to rise. The Russian now held the advantage. For a salivating Mike sat upon Joe, using his weight to full effect. He gripped his
!


hands around Joe’s neck. He began a death choke on the smaller man. !

!Yells from the crowd echoed through the bar, “Kill the Galician!” !
!Joe went limp for a moment. He used the time to gain a firm grip on Mike’s wrists. He took a few relaxing breaths, chasing the pain from his mind. He spat in Mike’s face for a diversion. With one massive exertion, he raised his head, butting Mike in the nose. He completed the series by driving his knee upward into Mike’s groin. The hotel owners eyes glazed over. It gave Joe the opportunity to scramble to the side. !

!For thirty-seconds the two men panted in their exhaustion. They gasped and licked their wounds. One of Mike’s pals yelled, “Its over. Call it a draw.”!

!Joe spat out another tooth. “Piss on that.” He stood

up unsteadily with an obvious limp. “Get up you son of a bitch! This is for what you did to my cabin.”!
!Joe gripped Mike by the hair. He pulled him to his feet with screams expounding from the Russian. Another one of Mike’s muscle bound thugs moved to deliver a punch to Joe. It forced the whiskey maker to relinquish his grip. A whistling Danny leveled the thug, down and out before the scum knew what hit him. But the diversion gave Mike that second he needed to escape to temporary safety. !

!Mike weaved and staggered. He grasped a pole. He regained his balance and sneered. “You fucking piece of Galician trash. I’ll finish you for good this time.”!
!


!To the cheers of his cronies, Mike flexed his muscles and boasted some more. He brayed like a juvenile jackass. Mike charged forward. He wound up for a monster haymaker punch. It’d have leveled Joe if it connected. !

!The young man summoned new found energy. He reacted with his usual speed, even with one good knee. A duck, and the combination of devastating punches to Mike’s face and body unfolded. It flooded the floor with Russian blood. The big man staggered backward. Mike should have gone down. That pole kept him standing, allowing Joe to lead his mark. “These are for what you’ve done to Gracie.” Joe drilled Mike in a rhythmic manner with numerous bone crunching blows . !

!The battered bar owner went limp, half dead. Silence filled the room. Mike’s pal yelled again, “Enough, clearly a draw.”!

!“Piss off!” Joe grabbed Mike by his blood soaked hair. He slipped in close and whispered, “And these are for what your thugs did to Nicole.” !

!Fear flooded Mike’s eyes as he stared at Joe’s anger.

A second passed, Joe flashed a crooked grin. Mike wet his pants for all to see and smell. Joe rammed Mike’s face into his rising knee. He did it again. Mike hung there for a second. Joe stepped back. In slow motion, the hotel owner crumpled to the floor like a twisted rag doll, swimming in

his own blood and urine, out cold.	!

!Joe brushed his palms together, “Any doubts who won?”!
!


!The liquored up patrons confirm the one sided result, bets were settled. Proudly, Danny displayed a huge roll of cash. !

!The victor staggered over to where Mike stored his

cash box for the bar. “You guys figure I got money coming since Mike burnt down my cabin?” !
!The men in the bar murmured their agreement. !

!Joe opened the cashbox. He plucked out a number of bills. Joe carried over a bucket of the filthy water in a pail. He dumped the oozing slop on Mike. He grabbed him by the hair and lifted up his head. “Do you agree to pay me for damages?” Joe shook Mike’s head up and down. ! !Mike groaned. !

!“Looks like Mike agrees.” Joe dropped the big Russian’s head to the floor with a loud thud. Joe straightened, facing the stunned crowd. He limped over and slapped a couple of large bills on the table, yelling, “Next round’s on Mike! Merry Christmas!”!
!

!A pleasant sunny day in February of 1904 came to life. Tons of fresh snow covered the ground. The brightness made Joe’s hung over eyes scream. He over consumed his own brew last night with the Cardinal twins at the South farm. To cure his hangover, Joe decided he needed to do something that allowed him to sit more than work. !

!Ever since the Christmas Eve fire, he lived at the

South farm location. He focused on the still operation, the livestock they moved south, and a successful trapline the
!


twins launched. The re-construction of a cabin at the North homestead farm would occur in the spring. !

!The fight with Mike gave Joe all the retribution he desired. He wanted this war to end. Except holding back the twins presented a challenge. The two Cardinal brothers carried a long list of get even tactics, and Jimmy in particular was major upset his carpentry skills were burnt to the ground. Joe managed to talk the twins into standing down on the revenge pranks. But not before the brothers put a dead mouse in the beer keg in Mike’s bar, a live skunk in his house, and blew up his outhouse. !

!As for Mike Ivanov, in anticipation of any further retaliation and to expand his holdings, he increased his gang of goons. He hired thugs to work in his new Ituna lumberyard. Frequently, he used them to provide protection and inflict pain and anguish on anyone standing in his way. !

!Although, an added retribution toward Mike was that Nicole’s Place reopened. Success was an understatement. The rebuilt bar packed them in each night, steeling lucrative business from Mike’s rodent-invested hole. As well as Nicole’s Place drew in new cliental from miles around. The Mex tabacky played a part in the growth. Trips to the special smoking room were a critical part of the experience for many. And food sales skyrocketed, due to visits to that mind-blowing smoking haven.!

!The one whiskey still couldn’t keep up. So, Joe purchased a second whiskey still. This sparked Joe to
!


expand sales. Immediately, bars in neighboring towns of Yorkton, Melville and Foam Lake placed sizable orders,

claiming almost all the second stills capacity.	!

!His trips to Foam Lake put him in contact with a local farmer named George Babchuk. The two became fine friends. The fun loving George began selling the coveted whiskey for Joe in the region. The two shared a common bond. Both their fathers fought in the Galician army back in 1885, and their fathers remained friends to this day back in Europe. !

!The Babchuk’s were of Ukrainian descent and from eastern Galicia. While Joe’s family were Polish, and from western Galicia. Both Joe and George carried a burning passion to see Galicia back as an independent country in eastern Europe. And both men loved to take their whiskey on ice. As well, both handsome men enjoyed hitting the local dances, taking the ladies for polka twirls.!

!Also, Joe hired on another person to help with the two still operation. A friend of the Cardinal brothers, Sonny Belgrade, joined the team, along with a new horse and wagon. A big part of the nonstop cigarette smoking and talking Sonny’s job became delivery. !

!The five foot Sonny carried a special way with all animals, especially horses. He managed to encourage them to go where few horses would. This enabled him to embark on the most obscure routes without detection. For the wily man knew the backroads of Central Saskatchewan like the back of his hand. The other reason for the hiring was that Joe was determined to ensure at
!


least two people resided at each farmyard from a security perspective down the road. As much as he wanted it to end, Joe felt the war with Mike may just be heating up. ! !So Joe decided he needed a day away from the

chaos at his whiskey operation. As the constant chattering from Jimmy and Sonny would hammer in his aching hungover head, if he didn’t escape. He loaded up the slay, hitching up the horse, and headed out, enjoying the peace. He drove for his original homestead north of Ituna. Joe wanted to ensure there were no more damages. ! !A quarter mile from his farmyard, he spotted Mr.

Boyko chopping down a tree. “Congratulations Mr. Boyko on your granddaughter,” Joe hollered as he guided his sleigh right up to where the man was sweating profusely over the half fallen tree. “I hope Anna and the baby are doing well.”!

!Mr. Boyko wore a drawn in look about him. That prairie winter ranked as a cold one. The large man lost weight. “Anna and the baby are getting by.” He labored in making a couple of steps. His limp appeared pronounced. That axe injury left permanent damage. “Did you see Fredrick in town?” !

!“I did see Fredrick as I passed through.”!

!Mr. Boyko sighed in disgust. “Was he in the bar?”!

!Joe looked down, not wanting to snitch on Fredrick.

But he owed Mr. Boyko the truth. “That’s where I saw him headed.”!
!“That pompous blowhard’s such a weasel!” Mr. Boyko slammed the axe into the tree. “That leech is the laziest
!


dupa I’ve ever met.” He pulled out a polkadot handkerchief. He blew his red nose, beginning a long coughing spell.!

!“You shouldn’t be outside with that cold.”!

!“No choice. Fredrick Romanow’s good for nothing. Except for digging for gold up his nose.”!
!“Here, let me cut you some wood.” Joe eased the axe out of Mr. Boyko’s hand. “You go inside, and if it’s okay, I’ve some presents for the baby.”! !“Thanks Joe.”!

!Within thirty minutes Joe hauled a large pile of wood, stacking it at the front door of the Boyko’s immaculately built cabin. !

!Joe knocked lightly on the door. Mr. and Mrs. Boyko welcomed him. !Anna and the baby slept in one of the bedrooms. It rated some kind of place. Mr. Boyko possessed a carpenters touch, a true craftsmen. Mrs. Boyko possessed incredible talent in sewing and decorating. A creativity that took Joe’s breath away. All the work done with no cash to speak of. Joe shook his head in amazement. !

!“I won’t be long,” whispered Joe. “Here are a few presents from Danny, the twins and myself.” Joe set down an extra large, finely polished, wooden cradle, filled with all sorts of goodies. Everything from food, toys, thick woolen blankets and clothes. “Jimmy built the cradle himself. We weren’t real sure what to give a baby. So, we bachelors kinda guessed.” !
!


!The haggard looking Mrs. Boyko, supporting a dazzling flower-pattern kerchief on her head, said with a lump in her throat, “So very thoughtful!” !

!The one thing about Mrs. Boyko was every time Joe

saw her, she wore either a kerchief, bonnet or scarf. They flashed vibrant, bright, lively and colorful. Everything from pastels, polkadots, stripes, rainbows and anything else that one could imagine. And she made handkerchiefs for her husband that showed every bit as spectacular.!

!“Oh, I knew Anna loved honey and jam so I threw in a few jars. Plus some can goods and sweets. As well as Tommy made Anna and the baby matching pairs of fur trimmed moccasins.” Joe held up his hands. “Wait!” Joe slipped out and carried back two beautiful matching fur coats. “Just so the baby and Anna don’t get cold.” Also, he set down two bolts of cloth, turning to Mrs. Boyko. “Thought you might want to sew the baby some clothes.” ! !She accepted the gifts with her eyes full of tears. “These are all so beautiful. Thank you!” !

!“And one last thing. I hung a dressed and ready to

eat, half side of beef, high up on your big tree out front.”!

!“Oh bless you,” gushed Mrs. Boyko.	!

!“Wanted to make sure Anna had plenty of food to well, you know, give the baby a good start.” !
!Mr. Boyko shook Joe’s hand. “Thanks.” He began to cough again. He stepped closer to the wood stove to warm up. !

!Mrs. Boyko wiped her tears. “And I have something for you.” She rummaged around until the seamstress
!


revealed a pair of coveralls identical to the ones her

husband wore, only smaller. “Exactly as ordered.” !

!Joe laid one of his winning smiles on his good hearted

neighbor. He grasped them. He inspected the work with

admiration. “Perfect! Thank you. The first day I saw Mr.

Boyko wearing them, I thought they were expensive store

bought coveralls.”!

!The plump Mrs. Boyko blushed. “Only me.”!

!“Only the most talented seamstress I’ve ever seen!”

Joe hugged Mrs. Boyko. “Thank you so much.” He slipped cash in her pocket, more then she asked. Joe paid her to sew many of his and the twins clothes. He knew they
needed the cash.   !
so her husband
!“Thank you.” She then whispered

wouldn’t hear, “His leg will never heal.” She held her neighbor for a moment longer. “So sorry about your cabin.”! !“Have another up in no time? ”!

!“You don’t know how many times I wished our granddaughter was yours.” She assumed a forlorn look. “Too bad, the baby has Fredrick’s features.”!
!
!
!
ELEVEN!
!
!

!“That’s it!” Joe yelled as he slammed a nail home in June of 1904. He shook his swelling thumb. For hammering rated low on his list of skills. !
!


!It was the last nail hammered in the new cabin. With

the success of Nicole’s Place and the two stills working at maximum capacity, Joe carried cash to hire additional help for the construction of the two bedroom dwelling on his original north homestead. This cabin stood built bigger and better, than his first dwelling that ended up in ashes. The expanded cabin even boasted a hidden fireproof safe in his bedroom. Only Joe knew of it. Although Joe maintained a small account at the Ituna Bank for appearances. He never trusted banks. !

!Joe contemplated completing one final task. He decided to wait. He’d leave that task to another day. The talented seamstress, Mrs. Boyko, sewed him colorful curtains for the new cabin. He’d hang them next week. Also, she left him a heaping full plate of Ukrainian perogies and cabbage rolls. They sat enticing him on the kitchen table. !

!“Time to christen the place,” shouted Danny, who rode

out to help Joe for the day. The jovial young Mr. O’Reilly

continued on working with the railway, and spent every

moment of his spare time at Nicole’s Place. Except for

today, he wanted to spend time with his best mate.!

!Danny jabbed Joe in the ribs. “You built a cabin that’s

ready for a family.” !

!Joe handed his buddy a fork. “For sure. Someday , they’ll be kids here.”!
!“So who’ll be the lass that brings bachelor Joe to his knees?” Danny began inhaling the food, working his fork like a speeding shovel. !
!


!Joe dove into a delicious cabbage roll. “Yum! So good.” He moaned with pleasure as he chewed for a minute. Finally, Joe answered, “That pretty young Caroline Gomulka will be that lady. I hope.” He speared a perogy. “And I hope she learns to cook like this. Wow, these are good!” !

!“That pretty wee lass sure has eyes for you.” Danny chuckled with a knowing wink. “Watched her conveniently run into you.” !

!“We’ve secretly managed to get to know each other. Even though, we aren’t supposed to be speaking. And it’s mainly cause of Sol and his wife arranging the meetings.”! !“You fox.” Danny pounded his friend on the back. “Hope it works out for you two.”!

!“She’s still too young. And we’ll need a lot of luck. Caroline sure is loyal to her church. Could be the death of her.” !

!“Gracie used to be the same.” Danny grew deadly serious. “Have you heard from Caroline, how me former fiancé is doing?” !

!Joe pulled out a jug of their finest whisky, no ice handy. He savored a swig. He passed it to his chum. “Danny, not good.” Joe encountered a feeling of revulsion merely thinking of Gracie’s plight. “Not sure how to tell you. But Gracie’s been knocked around pretty good. And pretty often. But she’s scared to leave.”!

!“Bloody hell.” The Irishman made a fist. “I’ll kill the filthy wanker!”!
!


!“I’ve thought of that. Should have done it when I had the chance.” !

!“Gracie was such a bonnie Scottish lass before the dirty bugger got hold of her.” Standing, Danny paced like an angry dog, pointing a finger at himself. “And she was this bloke’s bonnie lass!” !

!“The evil oozes from those black Russian eyes,” Joe said. “And now Mike’s Mayor of Ituna. And his influence with the police is even greater.”! !“Bugger fixed the election!”!

!“For sure Danny. Thank goodness Nicole’s place sits outside town limits. He can’t make as much trouble. But he can put pressure on the Mounties. Bet he’s got them watching us even closer than before.” !

!“Gonna kill him!” A boiling over Danny struck the table with force. “Don’t care if they string me up.”!
!“Well, Danny boy, I do. I’ve another idea to get Gracie out. But I need you to swallow your Irish pride.”!
!

!“Here he is!” Sol announced as Joe waltzed into the Ituna General Store. Joe rode into town to gain Sol’s advice on some business matters. He valued the storekeeper’s opinion. Joe contributed part of his success to Sol’s mentorship and wisdom. Also, Joe enjoyed how many times Sol would reset his oversized spectacles on his nose. !

!This fall of 1904 was most plentiful from a farming perspective. Joe’s crops and garden delivered bounty, 50 more acres cleared, a solid barn erected for his thirty
!


cattle and four plow horses. Some of that livestock acquired in poker games. !

!Tommy and Joe worked hard that fall. The farming

twin with the flashy orange work boots, loved it, honing his agricultural skills. On the other hand, Joe realized he loved the excitement of the whiskey business, the bar, the gambling and so on. He drove on that fall, knowing that next spring he’d hire another person to work with Tommy on the farm. Joe wanted to concentrate his efforts on his true passions. !

!Sol continued on, “Told you he’d be here this morning.”!
!Joe scanned around to see who Sol was talking to. “Pete! What the hell are you doing here?”!
!“Heard ya needed help,” Pete Kaminsky said, sticking out a confident chin. “Older cousin decided to come and save Joe’s sorry ass.”!

!“Where did you hear I needed help?” Joe eyed his older cousin wearily. He didn’t like Pete back in Poland. His view hadn’t changed upon seeing the scruffy man again.!

!Pete looked down at the holes in his shoes. He

brushed the dirt off his stained shirt and ripped pants. Pete chewed on a wad of tobacco. “I knew ya’d need me.”! !“What are you planning on doing?”!

!“Joe the snot nose kid!” A skinny Pete stuck out that chin, smiling with his black stained teeth. “Ya need a partner who knows what he’s a doing.” !
!


!Sol jumped in, pointing at Joe, “A kid with lots of chutzpah!” !

!Joe planted his feet in a firm stance. “A partner like

you is one thing I don’t need. But there’s lots of land. If you want to set up a homestead for yourself, go for it.”!
!“Don’t got ten dollars.” A shaggy blonde haired Pete jammed his dirty hands in his pockets. “Nor the coins to get goin.”!

!“Guess you’ll have to work.” !

!“Ah Joe,” Pete whined as he spat out his chewing tobacco on the floor. “Can’t ya cut me in on your action? Cause were kin and all.”!

!“First off, don’t be spitting that shit in here.” Joe ground his teeth. His nostrils flared as he thought of the trouble this cousin caused him back in Poland. “You and me, were never close.” !

!“But the man ya called Pa, loved me like I was his own.”!
!“Bullshit Pete! My father hated you. Why are you really here?” !
!The hideous smelling Pete shuffled his feet. “Had to

get out of Poland fast.” !

!“What did you do now?”!

!“I-I didn’t knife that police officer,” Pete explained as he tugged on an ear with a tiny chunk missing. “Another guy. But the Warsaw Police blamed me.”!

!Joe leveled a look of utter contempt for his cousin. “Sure, sure, just like you didn’t rape that store clerk.”! !Pete face turned red with embarrassment. “But.”!
!


!“Guilty as sin.” Joe smacked Pete on the shoulder. “So, you got a fresh start, now do something with it.” ! !Pete shoved a dirty finger in his ear and dug. “Ah, can’t ya give me a few bucks to get me on my feet?”! !Joe handed Sol ten bucks. “Set Pete up with a homestead.” Joe slapped twenty dollars in Pete’s hand. He jerked his thumb towards the door. “Now go forth and prosper.”!

!
!A humming Danny paraded into Nicole’s Place in the spring of 1905 with a well dressed gentlemen. The dapper gent worked for the railway as a regional executive. Introductions were made. Joe sat with the two at a quiet back table, sharing a jug of his fine whiskey. !

!The railway executive leaned forward and said in a nasal tone, “I understand you are interested in purchasing the quarter section next to your homestead?” !

!“For sure,” replied Joe. “But will the railway sell it to me?”!
!“Danny informed me of your extremely low offer. It would be as if the railway is gifting it to you.” ! !“That’s all I got,” Joe explained. !

!The executive held his nose in the air. “I see.” He examined Joe’s dirty clothes through his tiny gold rimmed spectacles. “Yes, it is painfully obvious you cannot pay more,” said the self important executive utilizing a condescending tone.!

!Thoughts of punching the cocky ass in the mouth rushed through Joe’s mind. Instead, he smiled, brushing
!


some of the dirt off his clothes. “It has been a pleasure meeting such an important and distinguished gentlemen as yourself.”!

!The man puffed out his chest, twirling his waxed mustache. “Yes, indeed, I bet it is!”!
!“And such an important and distinguished gentlemen

as yourself wouldn’t waste his precious time haggling over a few dollars.” Joe set his palms on the table. He stared the man in the face. “So, why don’t you tell me what the hell you really want?”!

!The executive squirmed in his chair. “Well, ah, I suppose, we could possibly consider such a ridiculous deal.” The man then spoke in a quiet conspiratorial voice, “However, there would be a rather unusual condition to the sale.”!


!“What kind of unusual condition?” Joe studied the man with suspicious eyes. !
!The little dandy sipped the whiskey, wrinkling up his nose and coughing. “I am not much of a whisky man. However, I understand these are the finest spirits in the land.” !

!“Bloody right!” Danny roared.!

!The rail executive plucked at the cuff of his silk shirt. “We have an exclusive gentlemen’s club in the new Saskatchewan capital city of Regina called the Assiniboin Club. I now sit on that club’s distinguished board.”! !“Congratulations,” Joe said with a smirk.!

!“Yes, quite an honor for myself,” pronounced the arrogant rail executive. “Now, since our most important
!


members wish to be granted a continuous supply of your spirits for free. No cash can be paid. This shall be a gentlemen’s agreement.”!
!Instantly, Joe stuck out his hand. “You’ve got a deal!” !
!
!
!
TWELVE!
!
!

!“Okay buddy, time to shine,” Joe announced as he slipped his wagon up to the back of the small Methodist Church. The tiny building sat at the head of the Ituna Lake on the outskirts of town. Two weeks elapsed since Danny and Joe met with the rail executive. Except, today’s meeting had nothing to do with business. It rated much more important. !

!Danny showed a pained expression. “Never thought this lad would ever enter this place after.”!
!“Yeah, I know. You where only going to enter this

church once. And that was to get married. But it’s the only time Gracie’s left alone. Mike’s got her on a short leash.”! !“Me sweating like a hog off to market.”!

!“But, you’ve got your lucky hat and pant holders on.” Joe snapped one of the green suspenders. “So, what could go wrong?”!

!Danny’s hands trembled. “Me heart could get broken. Just seeing the lass in this church.” !
!


!“Just talk to her. For her sake. Even if you only let Gracie know you forgive her.”!

!Danny departed the wagon with reluctant feet. He shuffled off toward the back door of the church. Joe touched his rifle under the wagon seat. It gave him a little reassurance, in case any unwanted intruders happen by. !A couple minutes passed. A quiet voice sounded in Joe’s ear, “Thank you for bringing Danny.”!

!Joe hopped down, taking Caroline’s hand. He noticed the pretty royal blue dress she wore. “What are you doing here?”!

!“Gracie wanted support. So I walked her over. I don’t think anyone saw us. Except that cousin of yours may have spotted us.” She cringed. “He seems strange.” She looked down. “Us girls keep far away from Pete. He’s all hands.”!

!Joe frowned. “I need to chat with that creep.” The mere mention of Pete’s name, sparked Joe to sweat heavily. Pulling out his handkerchief, he wiped his brow. “How’s it going for Gracie?”!

!Caroline made the sign of a cross. “I’m so afraid one of these days, Mike will kill her.”! !“Are you still going to?”!

!“I hate Mike.” She shuttered, gripping the cross on a chain, hanging around her neck. “But you know my thoughts on going against the Catholic Church.” She leaned in closer, gripping Joe’s elbow. “Father Kissel and Papa want to announce the engagement on my sixteenth birthday.” !
!


!Joe embraced her comfortingly. “I’ll kill Mike before that happens.”!
!

!“Pete, you in there?” Joe hammered three times on a

broken old door the following evening. That door rattled as

it hung on one worn out hinge. The sickly door belonged to

a tiny wooden shack about a half mile out of Ituna. The

weather beaten shack leaned noticeably, about to

collapse. One stiff prairie wind, and it’d be flattened. !

!“Pete!” Joe hammered at the door three more times. “I

can see you through the cracks in your door.” ! !“Coming. Coming.” The sound of braking glass resonated from within Pete’s shack. “Ouch!” Pete screamed. “For fuck sake!” The door opened and a long haired Pete with a full beard, stumbled out. A whisky jug rode in his hand. “My rich cousin who won’t share with his kin.”!


!Joe rolled his eyes as he stepped back from the drunk’s nasty odor. “Have you ever been out to your quarter section homestead?”!

!“I’ll get around to it.” Pete grasped the doorframe to

hold himself erect, while chewing his tobacco.!

!“Going to loose it, if you don’t get clearing land.”!

!Pete attempted to stand taller, bringing himself eye to

eye with Joe. “Been busy.”!

!“Doing what Pete?” !

!“Working on some prospects. But if ya could see me a few bucks, until they come through.”!
!


!Joe flashed a disgusting look. “I gave you a few bucks three weeks ago for food. You’re sure not eating. You’re as skinny as when you got here. What happened to that money?”!

!“Had a run of shit luck,” a brooding Pete replied. ! !“You drank it away,” Joe accused. “Do you know Caroline Gomulka at the hotel?”!

!Pete rubbed his crotch in a lewd manner. “I’d like to fuck the young thing!”!
!Joe grasped the whiskey breath Pete by the collar. “You stay away from her.”!
!Black drool oozed from Pete’s mouth. “Gonna ruin her,” Pete jeered. He then let out an evil cackle, which sent a shill down Joe’s spine. “I’ll fuck her good!” Pete spat out a wad of the gross tobacco. He slithered in close and hissed, “Just like I done your sweetie back in Poland.”!
!

!“I need a drink!” Joe yelled. For immediately after his session with Pete, he stormed to Nicole’s Place for whisky. ! !The establishment stood quiet. A smiling Gracie McDonald polished the bar. “Coming right up Joe.” ! !Joe reflected on that day where Danny and Gracie

met in secret at the Methodist church. They decided right there to reconcile. Gracie moved into a spare bedroom at Nicole’s Place. When the news reached Mike, he threatened to come and drag Gracie back by her hair, and burn down Nicole’s Place. !

!So that night, to head off any potential retaliation for Gracie running back to Danny, Joe cornered Mike alone
!


behind his hotel. Joe reminded him of the beating he had

inflicted on the Russian. Joe threatened to do it again, if

he or his thugs came near Gracie or Nicole’s Place. !

!Joe stroked his mustache. Mike backed up two steps.

Joe raised his knee. It further reminded Mike of that

beating night. Joe saw absolute fear in Mike’s eyes. A few

drops of piss spilled onto Mike’s pants. The Russian

turned and ran away. There had been no retaliation yet.

But Joe knew better than to let his guard down when it

came to Mr. Ivanov. !

!Gracie didn’t conform and wear the red dress the way Nicole and the two ladies of the evening did. She worked as a barmaid only. Gracie was off limits with Danny as her protector. She stuck with her form fitting pants. But now they were red. Yet, with her plaid tartan top and flaming red hair; she sparked as many admiring looks from the men. !

!“So, you’d like some of Joe’s finest?” Gracie inquired in her singsong voice. “You do look like a lad who could use a little pick me up.”!

!“I just did something I should have done years ago,” revealed Joe as he inspected his bruised knuckles. ! !“Want to tell me about it?” Gracie put a comforting

hand on Joe’s shoulder.!

!“No, Gracie	. Just want to drink.” !

!The bright eyed Scottish lass served Joe a glass of his exquisite whisky. He downed it in one gulp. “Want another Joe?” !

!He nodded his head. “How are you settling in?”!
!


!“Love it here,” Gracie	replied with her lively tone,

which returned since her escape from Mike. She leaned

over, hugging Joe. “Thank you! You saved me. And

Danny’s been so.” She wiped a tear. “So wonderful!” She

gazed down. “Except.”!

!“Except what Gracie?”!

!“Oh Danny gets so jealous. I guess the big lug doesn’t
trust this lass after what I did.” !

!“Has Mike ever?”!
won’t come
!“You’ve security here all the time. He

near.” She plunked herself down in a chair at the table. “You know as well as anyone, Mike’s a blackguard and coward. He usually gets others to do his dirty work.”! !“Know all about that.” !

!“Me too.” Gracie rubbed her nervous hands on her thighs. “He should have a tattoo of a mouse. Instead of strutting that fierce bear.”!

!“Have to be a mean mouse. Full of dirty surprises.” ! !“And you’d be surprised who does some of his dirty work.” !

!Joe brushed his chin thoughtfully. “I probably would be.”!
!Gracie took his hand with concern. “And I must warn you about a respected silent partner of his.”!
!

!A wheezing and wobbling Fredrick stumbled to Joe’s cabin one excruciatingly hot July day in 1905. “I need a drink.”!

!“Got no whiskey here,” replied Joe.!
!


!“Screw you!” Fredrick yelled. He packed more weight than when the two-first met. His hands trembled as he demanded his fix, “Just give me a jog.”!

!“Go do some work. Mr. Boyko needs you.”!

!“To hell with that bastard,” a baggy pants Fredrick said with hangover breath poising the air. “I hate that crippled old man.”!

!“A good man, once you get to know him.”!

!Fredrick began mining for treasure up one nostril. ! !“Pull that finger out Fredrick. Or I’ll break it with one shot to your beak.”!

!“Screw off,” Fredrick mumbled, but did remove the slimy finger. “Hate the way the Boykos compare me to you.” An enraged Fredrick spat at Joe and missed. “Me being compared to a lowbrow Galician. A joke.” He attempted to pound his fist on a porch rail. He missed that as well. !


!Joe sniggered. !

!“Don’t laugh. The only reason you do so well is you're just lucky.” Fredrick shook his fist at Joe. “That’s right. You got good land. Not like our sandy soil.”! !“Same soil Fredrick.”!

!“Damn you’re lucky. Having all that water. And stop giving us food from your garden.” ! !“We’ve more than we need.”!

!“And that Indian.” Fredrick made a slashing motion across his throat. “Damn Tommy! Always bringing over milk for my whining brat. Even that old hop along thinks those Cardinal twins are great now.”!
!


!“They are great! And our cow just produces more then we need.” !

!“Don’t give a damn. No more!” Fredrick picked up an axe that leaned up against the cabin. “And the way you gave your half of the plow to the Boyko's. No more charity from you Galician.” He shook the axe threateningly. “Do you understand Galician?”!

!Joe never flinched. “Just being neighborly.” Except, he worried about the family. Joe hated to see the sadness and worry on their sunken faces. Ever since Mr. Boyko’s leg injury, it limited his ability to work the land, and Fredrick was useless in that area. !

!“You wait.” Fredrick swayed on his feet. He pulled the

axe back ready to unleash a swing. “Your luck will end.

For-for I know, soon the powers that be will have your

neck in a noose.” The unsteady drunk attempted a swing

with that axe. It missed Joe by a couple of feet.	!

!Joe whistled. “Bogan!” A low growl came from around

the side of the cabin. “Get ‘em!” !

!Err! Bogan delivered one deep throated growl.!

!Fredrick squealed, dropping the axe. He ran clumsily, with pants sliding downward. Joe’s husky dog snapped and chased the crazed and thirsty man back home. !
!
!
!
THIRTEEN!
!

!
!


!“Where are they?” Joe asked himself.!

!It was mid September of 1905. Joe drove a wagon heading for a special delivery drop-off. He eased up to their regular exchange spot outside Fort Qu’Applle, Saskatchewan in the middle of the night. This was the extra special whisky the railway ordered for the highbrow Assiniboin Club in Regina. !

!Joe, Jimmy or Sonny delivered whiskey every month to the regular drop-off spot for quite some time. Then it was transferred and transported directly to the fancy gentlemen’s club, with no cash being exchanged at any point. But for the upcoming special occasion, the rail executive promised to pay a cash bundle for a load of prime grade A whiskey. He stated the Assiniboin Club planned a gala occasion. They required a large quantity of Joe’s finest. !

!Joe stood up on his wagon with tentative movements. He peered about in the dark. He made a bird call three times in quick succession. There was no response. Joe whispered, “Anyone here?” !

!An eery silence met the signal. Until a muffled voice

sounded from the shadows, “You got the stuff?” !

!“Clear and sweet!” Joe leaped off the wagon. “Exactly

as ordered.” He ripped a canvas cover off the load.!

!Another voice boomed out from behind the bushes,

“We got enough! Move in!” Four North West Mounted

Police rushed in, grasping Joe. They slammed him to the

ground. They slapped handcuffs on him. !
!


!Mike and the executive from the railway, who sold the quarter of land to Joe, stepped out from behind the bushes. They supported smug smiles. “We finally got the bastard,” hollered Mike. “Thanks to me.” The big Russian fired up a cigar. “Time to celebrate.”!

!Roughly, the Mounties dragged Joe to his feet. An intense faced Sergeant ordered, “Read Joseph Kaminsky his rights.”!

!Mike snapped his fingers. “Throw the book at him boys!” He punched Joe in the gut. “A long prison visit awaits this dirty Galician.”!

!The no nonsense Sergeant, who was running this

show, pushed Mike aside. “None of that.” He turned to one of his Constables. “Check the load. We’ll need it for evidence.”!

!The rail executive held his head high. He tapped himself on the chest. He spoke in a plummy voice, “Certainly, I am thankful my new partner, Mr. Ivanov, persuaded me to assist with this elaborate sting operation.” !

!“How much did he pay you?” Joe asked. It resulted in another punch in the stomach. This time it was the rail executive.!

!The Constable checking the load yelled, “These jugs are filled with water!” !
!Joe cocked his head, smiling at the rail executive, who was rubbing his hurting fist from the inept punch. “Isn’t that what you ordered?” !

!
!


!Joe never entered a church in his life until this moment. His eyes widen in awe. He sized up the expensive trappings the Ituna Catholic Church displayed for a smaller size town. January of 1906 as Joe slinked his way to the front. The stagnant air and dust in the church made Joe cough. He approached the altar. !

!A grey haired Father Kissel posed proudly behind that polished altar, reading the bible. “Why are you here?”! !“Afternoon Father Kissel.” Joe claimed a seat in the

first pew, directly in front of the fifty year old Priest.“I’m Joe Kaminsky.”!
!“I know who you are.” Father Kissel snorted. “A

heathen like you should not be in this house of worship.” ! !Joe chuckled. “Probably right. But I’ve a favor to ask.”! !“What could I, a man of God, possibly do for a sinner such as yourself?”!

!“Release Caroline from the spell you have over her.”! !“What do you mean?” Father Kissel asked with an indignant tone.!

!“You know what I mean Father Kissel. She worships the ground you walk on.” Joe stood. “And if you insist on her marrying Mike, you know what he’ll do to her.”!

!The priest stood taller, ensuring he could look down on the sinner in an intimidating manner. “Mayor Mike Ivanov is a fine civic leader and fine person.”!

!“He beats his women. And almost to death. Is that what you want to happen to Caroline?”!
!“He most certainly does not.” Father Kissel gave a dismissive wave of his hand, which displayed a small tinny
!


ring. “Now please leave. Cannot have that sort of talk in my church.” !

!“Can you live with yourself if they marry, and Mike beats her to death?”!
!Father Kissel gulped. “Please leave.”!

!“How much does Mike pay you to pressure Caroline?”! !The priest flushed. “Depart this sacred place! How dare you?”!

!“I just did.” Joe extracted a huge roll of cash from his pocket. “How much will it take to release that pressure?” Joe began counting bills. “Oh hell, how about I give you, not the church, but you get 200 dollars?”!

!Father Kissel’s eyes bugged out. He’d not seen that kind of cash for ages. He wiped his suddenly perspiring brow. “Ah, money means little to a man of God.”!

!Joe noticed the man wore a couple of tiny cheap rings on his other hand. “How about I double the offer? 400 upon your successful intervention. Plus 100 bucks right now, for a new, more showy ring suitable to your position.”! !Father Kissel re-wiped his heavily perspiring brow. “I really can’t be.”!

!“And I ensure a jug of my finest is set in your back

porch once a week, for as long as I make it.” !

!Father Kissel swallowed hard. He executed the sign

of the cross twice. He scanned about to ensure no one
overheard. “May God forgive you and I!”!
!

!Caroline Gomulka’s jammed packed sixteenth

birthday party unfolded in the spring of 1906. Well-wishers
!


celebrated her special time at her parents small home in Ituna. Joe managed to hide in the backyard to witness and hear the festivities threw the partially open kitchen window. Mr. Gomulka, Mike and Father Kissel stood proudly and loudly. They guzzled spirits, congratulating themselves. ! !Sugar laden cake served to all. Greedily eaten and

the presents were about to be handed out. A blustering Mike grasped centre stage, displaying a dirty scratched engagement ring for all to see. “Caroline, I know it’s already been decided.” Chuckles sounded from the group including Mike. “But, time for you to be my wife. So, go ahead and put this on.” He shoved the cheap tiny ring in her face. He turned to a gang of his pals attending. “Boys, that’s how its done.”!

!A nervous Caroline coughed, “I’m sorry Mike, I can’t marry you.” She eased his hand away holding the used ring.!

!A furious Mike raised his fist threateningly toward Caroline. He checked himself at the last second. “What?” Mike roared in a guttural tone, as he turned to an open mouthed Mr. Gomulka, “What the fuck?”!

!Caroline leveled a scathing look at Mike. She was about to say something. But her mother stopped her whispering, “No child.”!

!Mr. Gomulka recovered, grabbing his daughter’s arm. He shook her. “Caroline! Say yes and stop this foolishness.”!
!


!The beautiful birthday girl tilted her chin upward in defiance. “I’ve no intention of marrying Mike. I’ll choose my own husband.”!

!A raging Mr. Gomulka shook his daughter more violently. “I demand you accept!” !
!Caroline wrestled away from her father. She locked her determined eyes on him. She edged beside her mother. The birthday girl spoke in a firm tone, “Absolutely not.”!


!“Father Kissel,” Mike pleaded. “But you.”!

!Joe leaned forward to capture every word. The moment he waited for was here. Would the priest accept the well intentioned bribe? Or would he stay loyal to Mike?! !Father Kissel raised his hands for calm, displaying a humongous black onyx ring. “As long as Caroline is married in the Catholic Church. She can choose her husband on her own.” !
!

!“Merry Christmas,” Joe said quietly to himself. For on this chilly Christmas Day in 1906, Joe celebrated alone in his cabin. Yesterday, he sent Tommy off to be with his twin brother down on the South quarter. They claimed they never missed a Christmas together. Joe stayed back. He insisted somebody be at one of the places. He didn’t want another fire like 1903.!

!Joe heard a jingling sleigh entering his farmyard. He opened up the door expecting to greet some well wishers.! !Danny halted the slay and yelled, “Tommy’s been found dead!”!
!

!
!
!
FOURTEEN!
!
!

!Tommy Cardinal’s funeral was a quiet somber affair. Only a few well-wishers showed on an early January day in 1907. Tommy’s plot sat in the Ituna graveyard. Jimmy took it hard, losing his twin, his best friend. Drunk throughout, only sobering up for the funeral. Jimmy attended in a brand new lumberjack shirt with another in his hand. He insisted his twin was buried in that brand new lumberjack shirt he provided, along with Tommy’s orange work boots. Jimmy headed off immediately after the funeral, falling back into the bottle.!

!In the morning of Tommy’s funeral Joe encountered tremendous difficulty digging the grave with the hard winter earth. Now that the funeral ended, he was about to fill in that grave himself after all had left. He stood alone with his thoughts at the grave sight, shovel in hand. Fondly, he remembered the good times Tommy and he enjoyed at the farm. !

!He went to work. Joe found a rhythm with the shovel, perspiring heavily. He lost himself in the physical labour. A soft voice spoke behind him, “So sorry Joseph. I know you loved him like a brother.”!

!Joe spun about to gaze upon a comforting vision. “Thank you Caroline.”!
!


!“Wonderful service Joseph. I hid in the back of the

Methodist Church.”!

!“I felt for Jimmy.”!

!“Tommy and you were close as well,” Caroline said with a sympathetic tone.!
!“Yeah.” Joe wiped a tear from his eye. “Going to miss Tommy.”!
!She touched him on the arm. “Of course you will. And so will I. Even their foolish pranks.” !
!Caroline heard about some of their pranks. She witnessed the one in her home. For after Mr. Gomulka snubbed Joe on numerous occasions, the Cardinal twins snuck in his house in the middle of the night. They painted his bald head black. One prank Caroline was unaware of as she was out of town, was when the twins secretly donated special brownies laden with their Mex tabacky to a church social. This in response to Father Kissel’s multiple sermons trashing Joe Kaminsky. It resulted in the church social being a spiritual buzz for believers. Some swearing God talked directly to them. !

!Joe thought of the way the twins were protective of himself with their pranks. And the way Tommy relished in the prank planning. Joe wiped another tear, becoming embarrassed with his show of emotion. “I better get back to work.” !

!Caroline hugged him impulsively. Joe dropped the shovel, holding her close. They stood there for a few minutes, savoring the connection. Joe broke the spell. “Ah,
!


well, better finish this job.” he grasped the shovel. “In other circumstances, I’d have kissed you.”!

!Caroline laughed. “In this circumstance, I’d have let you.” She couldn’t believe she said that. But in the back of her mind, she wondered what kissing Joe on the lips would be like? She’d be fleeing to the church after that thought. !


!“So Caroline, what’s gonna happen with you and me?”!
!“You and I are like fire and water. Two complete opposites. We’ve so many obstacles.”!

!“For sure Caroline. But everything can be overcome.”! !“Not everything Joseph.” She stepped back. “And you know it.”!

!“No, I don’t know it.”!

!The devoted Catholic wagged a scolding finger at Joe. “As long as you own that devil’s den.” ! !“But what fun that devil’s den is my dear.”!

!“Saton’s kind of fun!” An exacerbated Caroline placed her hands firmly on her hips. “I heard about another fight Danny was in at that place of devil worshipers.”!

!“True Caroline. Danny’s been getting into fights with anyone who looks at Gracie the wrong way.”!
!“I heard Gracie say one time that a little flirting was worth the tips she got.”!
!“Danny and her have to stop. Or someone’s going to get killed.” !
!“That house of sin is nothing but trouble.” Caroline huffed. “And worst of all, you’ve never set foot in the only
!


real house of God.” She withdrew a small cross from her pocket, gripping it tight. “The Catholic Church.” !

!Joe blew out a breath. He wasn’t about to divulge his one meeting with Father Kissel in the Catholic Church. And his second venture inside a church was today at Tommy’s funeral. “My dear Caroline, church’s aren’t for me.”!

!A stern Caroline folded her arms. She flashed her determined look which was well known throughout Ituna. “And that’s why it will never happen between you and me.”!
!

!Joe drove a horse and sleigh into Ituna three weeks later. He stopped in the brand new eating establishment called Wong's Cafe. From the first time Joe ate Chinese food, he became hooked. After enjoying the delicious food, he proceeded out to the South farm to check on Jimmy and Sonny. He scanned the yard as he entered the well hidden place. All he heard were birds singing, and a horse nickering. Joe headed for the cabin. !

!“Holy Shit!” A mess stared him in the face. The chaos ranked unusual as Sonny was a neat freak. But Joe remembered Sonny left for a couple of weeks to visit family. Therefore, Jimmy was on his own. Although, Sonny did leave behind the distinct odor of his strong cigarette tobacco, very different from Jimmy’s Mex tabacky. !

!Joe inspected the main living area. He found nothing. He moved on. He opened the bedroom door. Their Joe found Jimmy passed out, looking like a mean mule kicked him in the face. The room reeked of a powerful whiskey
!


and Mex tabacky odor. In the three weeks since the funeral, Jimmy showed no signs of snapping out of his depressed state. Joe flipped open the window. It released the acrid stink from the room, and allowed cold fresh air to enter. !

!Joe left the room for a moment. He returned with a pail of water, dumping it on Jimmy. A cursing and sputtering Jimmy attempted to wake up, curling up at the corner of the wet bed. But the mourning twin was out of it. With a ton of effort, several cups of coffee, finally, Joe coerced Jimmy to the kitchen table. !

!“Jimmy, your brother would want you to go on.”!

!The twin let out a mournful groan. “Feel like a part of my soul died with Tommy.” !
“It did.”Joe passed the broken man a fresh cup of coffee. “But you’re young. Got so much to live for.”! !“What do I have to live for Joe?”!
!“Look Jimmy, I’ve been putting a portion of your share

in the Ituna bank. You can take a nice holiday with some of that cash. Get your spark back.”!
!A tiny glimmer of life formed in Jimmy’s eyes. “Only one thing that’ll get me any peace. And it ain’t much.”! !“What’s that?”!
!Jimmy wobbled as he stood, clinching one fist. Rage overtook his face. “To kill the man who had my brother killed.” He threw a cup at the fireplace, smashing it to pieces. “that Russian bastard!”!
!
!


!“Joe help,” a distraught Mrs. Boyko yelled. She waddled towards Joe’s cabin in the spring of 1907. ! !Joe scurried out to meet the frantic lady. “What is it?” He thought this must be urgent. For this was the first time he saw Mrs. Boyko without any headwear.!

!A heavy panting Mrs. Boyko required a moment to catch her breath. “Fredrick beat up my husband.”! !“Where’s Fredrick?” Joe asked.! !“Drunk and heading for town.”!

!The next few minutes were a chaotic frenzy of activity. Between Anna’s screaming, the little girl crying, and Mrs. Boyko’s panic, Joe struggled to concentrate on dealing with Mr. Boyko. Clearly beaten badly, cuts, bruises, and Joe suspected Mr. Boyko also suffered from a broken arm and ribs. But the worst, he slid in and out of consciousness. Joe loaded the heavy man on the wagon, ready to head for town. !

!“I’m off, Mrs. Goldstein can help him. At least set the arm properly and wrap his ribs.”!
!“Wait, don’t forget his lucky pipe.” Mrs. Boyko handed Joe a pipe and tobacco pouch. “He’ll be asking for it.” The pipe was gold plated. It was a present from Joe to his neighbor, when the Boyko’s received clear title to their homestead. !

!Joe grabbed the items. “I’ll bring him back as soon as I can.”!
!“We can’t pay Joe.”!

!“Don’t worry about that.”!
!


!She buried her head in her hands and mumbled, “What are we going to do? He’s been struggling for so long. Now this.” !

!On the way into town Joe thought hard. What could

he do to help out the Boyko’s? In a funny kind of way, he’d grown extremely fond of the elderly couple and their granddaughter. Of course, Fredrick and Anna hated him. But that he expected. Also, the couple hated his new farmhand, Carl.!

!Carl Washington was a large black man who Joe picked up on the side of the road on one of his trips to Yorkton. Carl’s father escaped from the US south during the civil war, settling in Nova Scotia. After a few failures back east, where Carl collected four permanent and nasty scars across his back, he traveled west where he hoped to face less discrimination. !

!The out of luck black man faced every bit as much discrimination on the Canadian prairies. Desperately, Carl wanted an opportunity to start fresh. Joe offered that opportunity to the gentle giant. Carl was a Godsend. The intelligent man worked dawn to dusk. It allowed Joe to focus on his other operations, the way he did when Tommy Cardinal was alive.!

!Halfway into town Joe halted the wagon, checking on his passenger. He cleaned off fresh blood from the man’s face with his red, blue and yellow striped handkerchief. “Can you hear me?” !

!Mr. Boyko opened his eyes. “Oh damn.” He groaned as he attempted to move. “What the hell happened?” !
!


!“Fredrick. Lie back and relax. I’m taking you to get patched up.”!

!“You’re a good man Joe. I’m sorry I treated you so shitty before.”!
!“Not to worry. You and I have become close. I’ve enjoyed having you as a neighbor.” !
!“Me too. But Joe, you know I can’t farm anymore. I’d never have got this far without your help. And that dupa, Fredrick doesn’t have it for the land.” He flinched in pain. “What the hell am I going to do?”!

!Joe handed him a canteen of water. “Drink. I’ve an
idea.”!
crazy ideas.” Mr. Boyko let out an
!“You and your

agonizing smile. “But they always work out.”!
!“How about I buy your quarter section off you?” Joe held up his hands. “Before you object. Fair market price. And we need a handyman for the bar, around all my farmyards. And another venture that just hit me a few minutes ago. And there’s a perfect house in Ituna your family can live in.”!

!Slowly, Mr. Boyko’s cheeks gained a bit of color. “Me

actually work for you?”!

!“For sure!”!

!Mr. Boyko grabbed Joe’s hand. “I’d be proud to work for you, Galician.”!
!
!
!

FIFTEEN!
!

!

!
!“Bloody Freezing in here,” Danny said as he shivered on a frigid cold day in January of 1908. Joe and his best friend hung around the bar with the Irishmen holding his hands near a crackling hot wood stove. !

!“Need to get the ladies to make me some warmer gloves,” remarked Joe as he feverishly rubbed his hands together.!

!“Can’t believe you hired Caroline and Mrs. Boyko to work in your dress shop.”!
!“Can’t believe I own a dress shop.” Joe shook his head in amazement. “The crazy thing, been a real success. And it is good to have Caroline working full-time again.”!


!“Funny the way Father Whiskey stood up for her all of

a sudden,” remarked Danny. “Some Joe shenanigans paid off at her sixteenth birthday.” !
!“For sure. And her getting out of Mike’s hotel immediately after she told him no, was best.” Joe took a shot of his whiskey on ice. “She’d bits of part-time work since. But this works out great. Mrs. Boyko’s an excellent teacher for her.” Joe chuckled with a gleam in his eye. “And having a reason to keep close to her is convenient.”! !“You dog.”!

!“Woof! Putting the shop next to Sol’s store works well from a business perspective as well.” !
!“So Joe me boy, she’s gonna be eighteen in the spring. Thought you two would a tied the knot by now.”!
!


!“This guy won’t give up the stills and the bar. That’s

her condition. So, we continue to date other people.”!

!Danny let out a long whistle. “That’s a kicker.	But do

you know how the lads flock to pay court to the attractive

lass?”!

!“Yeah. May have to up my efforts. Maybe she’ll give in. but I’m not giving up my devil’s passions as Caroline calls them.”!

!“Bloody hell!” Danny smacked the table. “You both are over the top stubborn.”!
!“For sure.” Joe grabbed his glass. He drained the whiskey, swirling the ice in the glass. He even used ice on these frigid days. “Speaking of stubborn, Mr. Boyko’s doing a hell of a job.”!

!“Damn right mate! Never seen that man smile so much.” !
!They heard a baby cry from upstairs. !

!A door opened and Mrs. Goldstein yelled down, “Momma and baby are fine.” !
!Danny mumbled, “Wonder if the wee one’s mine?”! !“Danny, you know that baby is yours. And you know Gracie’s never cheated on you since she came back.”! !“And the little darling’s a healthy boy!” Mrs. Goldstein announced. !

!Danny shrugged his massive shoulders. “Guess so.”!

!“You bet that baby’s your child.” Joe pounded Danny

on the back. “Congratulations buddy! And you’re going to
make a great daddy.”!

!
!


In the spring of 1908, Joe rearranged furniture at the Boyko’s former cabin. Upon the purchase of the place, he used it for his hired men. But now he’d let Carl take over the cabin for himself, as they constructed a bunkhouse for those men. Also, they constructed a massive barn for the numerous draft horses required to pull the largest plow manufactured. !

!Carl stood as his right hand man, invaluable to his

farm operation. Joe moved in some new furniture for Carl. He hoped to surprise the man when he returned from the South farm. !

!Joe heard a commotion outside. “What the hell’s

that?” He eased his right hand to his hidden knife sheath. ! !A scratchy voice growled out, “Anyone here?”!

“Inside,” yelled Joe.!

!In walked a disheveled Pete Kaminsky. “Ah, Joe.”! !“What are you doing here?” Joe stood and stared daggers at his cousin. “Last time we talked, I took out my frustrations on you.”!

!A malnutrition Pete clutched his arm. “Took me a week to heal.”!

!“What‘d you want?” Joe asked with a curt tone, not yet lowering his right hand from the sheath.!

!A chagrin faced Pete mumbled, “Got in real trouble.”! !Joe let out a massive sigh, relaxing his right hand. “What now?”!

!“Not my fault!”!
!


!Joe folded his arms over his chest. “Right! How much?”!

!“Need a place to hide.” Pete fidgeted. “Please.”!

!“Okay Pete. You can stay in the bunkhouse.”!

!“How about this here place?” Pete looked around at

the well built cabin. Pete whistled. “This here’s more my

style.” !

!“Garbage dump’s more your style. You’re in the bunkhouse.”!

!“Hell Joe! Maybe I should hide out where ya make that whiskey.”!

!Joe chuckled with a suspicious undertone. “First, I don’t make whiskey.” Joe slapped him on the shoulder. “And if I ever did, which I don’t. You’re the one person that would never be shown where.”!

!“Okay. Okay. Damn, I guess I stay in the bunkhouse.”!

!“But if you stay cousin, no booze.”!

!Pete’s eyebrows shot up in surprise. “No booze!”!

!“And you’ll work Pete.”!

!Pete held up his palms. “But.”!

!“No booze, you work, you eat properly, and chew that shit tobacco outside. Those are the rules. Otherwise,get out.”!

!“For fuck sakes!” !

!Joe pointed at the door.	!

!Pete groaned in defeat. “Okay. Okay.” The gloomy faced man slouched. “Shit!”!
!


!“With the new grain elevator now open in Ituna , we’ve a number of wagonloads of grain to move. So, prepare to shovel.”!

!Pete adopted a hostile tone, “I don’t shovel grain.”!

!“You do now!”!

!“Fuck!” Pete struck a table. “Okay, for now. But I can’t go to town to unload the grain.” !

!“All right. But wherever you are, the Mounties may come looking.”!

!“Not the Mounties I’m worried about.” Pete broke into a sweat. “Much, much worse.”!

!

!“There we go!” Joe declared in October of 1908, as

he signed a legal document. He stood, pen in hand with Sol perched behind the Ituna General Store counter. Joe continued to rely on Sol’s advice, which consistently proved to be sound. !

!“We’re all done,” said Sol as he fiddled with his specs. “Got Pete’s and your marks. So, his homestead quarter section’s now your property.”!

!“Lucky we got the minimum amount of land cleared and cabin built on time to satisfy the homestead requirements.” !

!“Kid, I never thought you’d pull it off.”!

!“And thanks again Sol for granting that extension. Due to extenuating circumstances, on proving up the homestead.”!
!


!Sol tapped the legal document. “And immediately upon proving up that homestead, officially becoming Pete’s, he sold to you.”!

!“That’s the agreement we had. He was going to lose

it. So I presented Pete a chance to make some easy cash. You know. He never set foot on the land.” Joe chuckled. “And its great land! Also, I was lucky that quarter of land sits only a mile and a half from my north homestead. Made things easier to meet the tight deadlines.” !

!“You sure got chutzpah kid! And now own five quarters of land.” !

!“Feels good.” Joe grinned from ear to ear. “Keeping my crew busy. Another great year.”!

!“How’s Carl working out?”!

!“Carl’s amazing!”!

!Sol fiddled with his specs. “Did Pete the troublemaker stay on with your crew?”!

!“Never got much work out of him all this time. But he’s off to Regina for good. That man will piss his new found cash away.”!

!Sol widened his eyes in surprise. “But Joe, isn’t that near the native band that wants his head?”!

!“For sure Sol. Pete crippling the chief’s son is like heading into a poisonous snake pit.” !

!

!New Year's Eve on 1908 as Joe rode his old ox

toward town. He’d been visiting Jimmy and Sonny at the South farm. Whether he traveled north or south of town,
!


the surrounding community of Ituna was used to Joe riding his ox. He wore his huge buffalo coat, playing the accordion, ring of Polish sausage wrapped round his neck. He kept a jug near at hand for a sip on the trip. That wise old ox knew exactly where to go.!

!Joe left Jimmy and Sonny at the South farm as the New Year celebration was underway. He smiled as a chain smoking Sonny and a chattering Jimmy were in fine form. ! !Jimmy still grieved for his twin brother. He swore Mike would end up with a slit throat one morning. Joe talked Jimmy down from that retaliation. So for now, Jimmy settled for what he called payback pranks, which he played on the hotel owner. !

!The first prank involved planting a pack of snakes in

the hotel. That trick left many of Mike’s customers scared out of their wits for days. Jimmy slipped something in the daily bar stew. It left many of Mike’s pack of thugs throwing up for 24 hours. Those stood as warmup pranks in Jimmy’s mind. He wanted real revenge for his twin brother’s death. !

!So, Jimmy stole most of Mike’s horses. He gave them to his girlfriends and leaders on the local native reservations. Finally, he burnt Mike’s lumberyard to the ground in the middle of the night. Fortunately, there were no injuries. !

!Joe filled the air with his music as the ox plodded along. He anticipated celebrating New Years with the newly married Danny and Gracie at the bar. Also, he
!


looked forward to celebrating with a recently distant Nicole. !

!Joe worried about Nicole. She seemed out of sorts

when he departed the bar two days ago. Joe spoke openly about upping his efforts in regard to Caroline. Although Nicole continually swore they were just friends, free to date whoever they wished. No commitments. No love what so ever, and would never be anything more than what they were. He thought he heard a bit of jealousy in her voice when he spoke of Caroline. !

!“No way,” Joe said to himself as he shook his head. This was Nicole he thought, running a bar all those years gave her a harsh view of men. And he was just another stupid man as she constantly referred to the opposite sex, including him. He was convinced he miss read her mood. There was no jealousy involved. Nicole could never be the possessive type.!

!As he entered Nicole’s Place, there was an eery

silence in the bar. Danny clutched him by the arm, “Come outside mate.”!

!“What is it Danny?”!

!“Nicole packed up.” Danny raked his fingers threw his hair. “And moved over to Mike’s.”!
!
!

!
SIXTEEN!

!
!

!

!“Here’s our favorite owner,” Mrs. Boyko greeted Joe with a warm smile, as he waltzed into the Dress Shop in June of 1909. She wore a bright pink bonnet with little red heart patterns weaved in. Joe appreciated how Mrs. Boyko’s vivid and outlandish headwear drew the ladies in from Ituna and surrounding area. All in order to see what shocking creation she’d design and wear next. !

!“Our only owner,” added Caroline with a smirk. But definitely flashing adoring eyes at Joe. !

!Joe noticed Caroline happen to be wearing a fashionable royal blue dress. He figured that was a good sign. She knew how much he loved her in royal blue, and Caroline was well aware that he was stoping in today. “How are you two lovely ladies?” !

!Joe planted himself on a side chair. He moaned with pleasure, as he popped a peppermint candy in his mouth, that he snagged out of a jar the ladies kept full of treats. He smelled the hypnotic fragrance resonating from lilac blossoms sitting in a Crystal vase. Joe enjoyed entering this place. It gifted him a sense of peace and calm. It reminded the bachelor of how his mother kept their home back in Poland. !

!Also, Joe marveled at the ladies sewing up a storm.

He only started the Dress Shop to give Caroline and Mrs.

Boyko a job. He never dreamed it’d be that successful.

The startup costs were minimal. He purchased the tiny

cottage like shop for a song. With equipment and

materials acquired via some creative whiskey exchanges.	!
!


!“Busy as ever,” responded Mrs. Boyko. “We can’t

keep up. That contract you made to do the fine stitching on some of the Leather Factory products, has us working day and night to keep up.”!

!“Do we need to hire?” Joe relaxed as he put his feet up on a stool.!

!Mrs. Boyko set down her work. “No, we can manage. Caroline’s caught on so quickly. Such a talent.”!

!Joe stared into Caroline’s eyes. “So talented.” !

!“I’ve not much skill,” said Caroline. “But Mrs. Boyko’s a wonderful teacher.”!

!Joe winked at Caroline. “Humble and beautiful.” He winked again. “Extremely beautiful!” !

!Joe studied Caroline intensely. He thought she was absolutely gorgeous, stunningly beautiful. His brain flashed ahead, imagining the incredibly radiant daughters and granddaughters Caroline would raise one day. He hoped it would be with him. Yet, he knew the manner in which men looked at Caroline. She could have the pick of any male in the province, maybe the country. !

!Joe had upped his attentions towards Caroline over

the past year and a half, and upped his efforts even more six months ago when Nicole hooked up with Mike. Joe chuckled to himself. He thought how the town of Ituna was like an endless square dance, single folks continually changing partners. !

!With Nicole’s sudden departure, he and Danny mulled over the idea of renaming the bar. Except the name,
!


Nicole’s Place, drew in folks from far and wide. So, In spite

of Joe’s apprehension, they stuck with that name.	!

!One major item that became very apparent Over the

past six months, was the undeniable fact that Caroline and

he had become great friends, and continued to be highly

attracted to each other. Last week Mrs. Boyko clued Joe in

on the many suitors the gorgeous girl spurned over the

years. Joe stood as the reason why. Except the strong

minded girl would never cave in on her demands. Joe

wondered how long she would wait for him to cave? !

!A blushing and flustered Caroline attempted to speak after Joe’s compliments, “Ah, well, you and your devil’s tongue.” !

!Anna burst in the shop. Her noisy jewelry letting all know she’d arrived. That low quality jewelry let Anna display a green rash on most fingers, and on one wrist. She slammed the door and snarled, “Mother! When are you gonna be home?” Then she realized Joe was in the room. “Oh I see the boss came to check up on his help.” ! !“I’d never question anything these two ladies do,” replied Joe.!

!“You should.” Anna turned to Caroline with angry eyes. “The hem on this dress you mended is shoddy. You’re incompetent.”!

!Mrs. Boyko bent down to inspect the work. “Looks as if it was purposely ripped.”!

!“It ripped on its own.” A bitter scream sounded from Anna. “You incompetent slut! You should be fired.” Anna
!


threw a piece of cloth at Caroline. “And stay away from my husband.”!

!Caroline straightened her back in defiance. “I’ve never

encouraged Fredrick in any way. And I mean never!” ! !“Foolishness,” scolded Mrs. Boyko. “Anna apologize

for your rudeness. And as far as your husband, he is the biggest lecher in town.” !

!“My husband’s now a respected town employee,”

Anna bragged. “As Mayor of Ituna, Mike hired Fredrick as town garbage man.” !

!“Congratulations to Fredrick,” said Caroline.!

!“We’re now part of the social elite of Ituna.” Anna snatched up the garment Caroline worked on. She flung it to the floor. “I’d never apologize to this piece of low class trash. She can’t even afford jewelry. Caroline should be fired and run out of town right now!”!

!Joe flared. He was about to respond when Anna

headed for the door, yelling on her way out, “Oh no! Horny Joe wouldn’t fire Caroline.” A frothing at the mouth Anna sneered. “He couldn’t fire his replacement for that halfbreed whore he was screwing.” !

!

!Joe and Jimmy laid well hidden in the thick foliage

three hundred feet from the South cabin. It was the middle of the day. They watched two Mounties, along with Mike and Fredrick surround that cabin in July of 1909.!

!The intruding party attempted to keep quiet. They paraded like an untrained comedy show. Especially, a
!


drunk Fredrick who stumbled and bumbled along. Joe and Jimmy shared knowing glances. They strained to not laugh out loud, not wanting to give themselves away. !

!When the uncoordinated group realized there was no one in the cabin or in the farmyard, the search took on a feverish pitch. Ransacking and destruction unfolded. Nothing incriminating could be found. The search spread out, attempting to locate the whiskey making equipment. Again, after two hours of searching the nearby bushes, nothing could be found that would put Joe and Jimmy away. !

!Unfortunately, Mike took the opportunity to damage as much as possible. Joe heard Jimmy gnashing his teeth. He restrained Jimmy on numerous occasions from raising his gun and putting a bullet between the Russian’s eyes. Fredrick continued to be a comedy show. He plummeted into holes. He became tangled in thorn bushes. Although, the height of the comedy occurred, when Fredrick squawked like a chicken and wet his pants, after a snarling badger was unearthed from his hiding spot. ! !“Clowns,” whispered Jimmy as he snickered. ! !“For sure,” Joe replied. !

!Thank goodness Caroline relayed a juicy tidbit her mother overheard, while cleaning at the hotel. Joe and Jimmy had plenty of time to remove the stills from the premises. Joe knew he’d been lucky again. He pondered where to move his whisky operations next?!
!


!Also, he pondered why Nicole would have snitched on him? Why she turned on him like that? Why did she reveal the secret path to their south whiskey making location? ! !Joe shook his head in frustration at his lack of understanding of the opposite sex. For on top of Nicole’s betrayal, Caroline presented him a final ultimatum. If they were to have any future, the whiskey stills and his half ownership in the bar had to go. Otherwise, she was ready to move on. !

!

!A hot summer day in August of 1909, as Joe walked along the quiet, newly built sidewalk on Ituna’s Main Street. He mailed a letter to his parents in Poland from the brand new Ituna Post Office. Every letter he received from his parents, and every letter he sent to them, induced extreme levels of excitement and sadness. !

!Joe sent them money on a regular basis. He knew

how tight things were over there in Krakow. Also, Joe and George Babchuk sent funds to the Galician Independence Fund. They held out less and less hope for that cause with each passing year. But they loved to get together with their whiskey on ice, and dream of Galician independence. !

!Nicole backed out of the Ituna Hotel. She shut the door, not noticing the speeding Joe. He was deep in his thoughts and dreams. The two former lovers collided, startling each other. Angry eyes flashed. Faces flushed. A long awkward pause unfolded. !

!Joe	interrupted the silence. “Why?”!
!


!“You’re stupid,” raged Nicole with her fiery whiskey breath.!

!Joe leaned back from the alcohol mouth. He heard Nicole hit the bottle hard, since moving in with Mike. “I’ll agree with that.” He slumped both his shoulders. “But, why did you reveal the spot?”!

!She glanced away. She spoke in a sour tone, “I want to hurt you. The way you hurt moi.”!

!“But you said you didn’t love me. We’d no future!”!

!Nicole turned back to Joe. “Imbecile!” Her eyes shot hate, even the one black eye. “Such a stupid man!”! !“But you insisted many times you didn’t love me.” !

!Nicole flashed a mocking look. “You’re a grande fool!” She slapped his face with meaning. “What I told you, isn’t what I meant.”!

!“But.”!

!“Do you know I was never with another man after that day we first had sex?”!

!“But I didn’t know.”!

!“And I’d rather be with a swine who does this.” She pointed to her hideous black eye. “Than be with a complete imbecile, who doesn’t return my love.” ! !“I’m so sorry! But I truly didn’t know.” !

!“And I know. You’ll ruin it with Caroline.” Nicole began to walk away. “The way you ruined it all with moi!”!

!

!New years Eve of 1909 as the Ituna Catholic Church overflowed with the dedicated believers. A hymn filled the
!


night. Incense filtered through the church. The odd member of the congregation slept. A non-believer slipped into a pew beside Caroline Gomulka. Father Kissel’s eyebrows shot up in shock, as he witnessed the event.! !“I just made verbal agreements to sell the bar and stills,” Joe whispered in Caroline’s ear. !

!A surprised look filled her captivating face.!

!Joe grasped Caroline’s hand, lighting up the room with his smile. He gazed into her eyes. “Now will you marry me?”!
!
!
!
SEVENTEEN!
!
!

!“All legal and binding,” Sol stated as he scrawled his final signature on the paper. “Joe, you’re no longer a 50% owner of Nicole’s Place.”!

!Two weeks after the church proposal, Joe, Danny, Gracie and Sol huddled around a table after signing legal documents at the back of the general store. They signed the transfer of Joe’s half of the bar to Danny and Gracie. ! !“Caroline will be happy.” Joe sighed as he formed a pained expression on his face.!

!Danny patted Joe on the back. “Mate, you’ll always be welcome at the bar. Your favorite chair always awaits.”! !“Appreciate it.” Joe leaned back in his chair. “But you may not want me. I sold my stills to Jimmy. He’s shipping
!


the whiskey operation 40 miles south of the current location.”!

!“We’ll find another supplier,” said Danny. “Not sure I want Jimmy’s hooch. Not sure he’s got your touch.”! !Sol glanced up from the documents. “Joe, are you going to be okay with letting these businesses go?”! !“No. But I promised Caroline.”!

!Sol chuckled mischievously. He removed his spectacles, as they were about to dive off his nose. “Cause I have something you can spend your new found money on.”!
!
!A cool prairie evening unfolded a s Joe and Carl sat at the kitchen table at the North farm. It was the night before Joe and Caroline’s wedding. The two men enjoyed a glass of whiskey on ice. Carl gave his boss some comical marital advice. !

!Joe’s mind slipped back to this afternoon’s events. He rode into town to see Father Kissel. Joe informed the Priest he was giving up the stills. He wouldn’t be able to deliver the jug once a week for the alcoholic church leader. Father Kissel ranted and raved. Joe calmed him down with a $200 personal gift. Plus, a pricy men’s ruby ring Joe acquired in a defaulted whiskey deal. Father Kissel blessed Joe, and agreed the donation would suffice in leu of the regular whiskey drop off. !

!Joe made his next point to the priest. He warned the padre. If he ever molested, fondled or sexually abused Caroline; he’d cut off his privates. And he’ll do the same if
!


he doesn’t stop sexually abusing Caroline’s mother. Father Kissel denied, objected and ranted. Joe grabbed him by the shoulder. He shook the man. Joe’s penetrating eyes slashed through the sinning show, breaking the man’s bluster. It sent the priest into tears. He promised he’d never touch either lady.!

!Joe was jolted back to the moment as a gun shot sounded. The kitchen window shattered. The whiskey bottle on the table exploded, adding to the glass mayhem. The two men hit the deck soaked in whiskey. ! !Woof! Woof! Woof! Bogan erupted with frantic

barking. The dog attempted to escape the cabin. !

!Another gunshot sounded. The bullet smashed a plate

on the table. A third bullet nicked Joe’s accordion. Joe

crawled to the door where his gun leaned up against the

wall. He eased open the door. He let Bogan loose ! !All they heard was a horse speeding away with a barking Bogan in pursuit. Except, the unknown shooter held too much of a head start. The shooter made a clean escape.!

!“Holy shit!” Joe stepped outside. “Lucky we weren’t hit. Sure got up close.”!
!Carl gazed out of the broken window. “Someone surely does want one of us six feet under. Thank goodness they was a bad shot.” !

!Joe scratched his head. “So we know it is somebody who is a poor shot, and rides a fast horse.”!

!
!


!A beautiful sunny day in the spring of 1910 as a beaming Joe and Caroline stepped out of the Ituna Catholic Church, arm in arm. Huge blissful smiles radiated from the newlyweds. Joe felt like the luckiest guy in the world. He gazed at the drop dead gorgeous Caroline. He continued to stare with adoring eyes at the picture of loveliness, which was now his bride. Caroline took his breath away. !

!Elegantly, she floated in her white silk wedding gown. That gown that took Mrs. Boyko and Caroline hours to create. The effect was stunning. For her something blue, she wore a set of sapphire earrings and matching necklace given to her by Joe on her last birthday. !

!A packed church, much of the town witnessed the ceremony performed by Father Kissel with his flashy ruby ring. All were every bit as happy as the excited couple. Except for Mr. Gomulka. He scowled and grumbled throughout the church ceremony. Frustrated that his last minute plan to stop the wedding failed.!

!Last night he threatened to cut off all ties with

Caroline, if she went through with the marriage to Joe. His wife sided with Caroline in an uncharacteristic show of defiance. Next, he attempted a play on Caroline’s sympathy, indicating he was in debt to Mike. If she did beg the Russian to marry her, her father’s debt would be forgiven by Mike. !

!When Caroline refused, Mr. Gomulka pleaded with

her. He revealed his life could be in danger. Mike’s thugs
!


would be dealing with him in a most unpleasant manner, if the money wasn’t paid back promptly. !

!Caroline shocked her father, removing a sizable stash

of cash from her worn mattress. Cash she earned working in the Dress Shop. She handed over what her panicking father required. She shut herself in her room, finding peace in her bible. !

!Her wedding day was a fresh start for a glowing Caroline. She admired the look of Joe in his store bought suit. He showed tremendous potential to turn into a true gentlemen. Maybe even a spiritual man, bringing respectability to herself and their marriage. !

!Caroline’s wedding day went off without a hitch until a drunk Pete Kaminsky arrived. All were gathered out on the church front lawn after the ceremony. Pete staggered up to the newly weds with his hideously scarred face and arms. Those repulsive scars were received in a retaliation for crippling a native chief’s son. Pete was lucky to escape with only that damage. !

!The slurring Pete yelled out so all could hear, “Joe, hope ya enjoy this here sweet piece of ass.” A malicious grinning Pete pointed at a horrified Caroline. “I sure as fuck did!” !
!
!“Not as good as mine,” declared Joe as he pounded back the whiskey on a quiet night at Nicole’s Place in the fall of 1910.!

!“Very true Joe Kaminsky,” an energetic Gracie agreed. She bounced on her toes in front of Joe. “Sure
!


hurt our bar’s business. The lads loved Joe’s finest. They miss it.” !

!Joe held up his glass. ”Well, this isn’t mine. But it’ll do.” !
!“And you’ve been swimming in the spirit cup lately Joe.”!
!Joe drained his glass, pouring another. “For sure.” !

!“Be careful!” Gracie warned with genuine concern in her voice.!
“I’ll be fine. But I sure miss making it.” He took another mega shot. Joe hung his head. “Miss being involved in this bar too.”!

!“But we’ve seen your mug here more now then when you were an owner.”!
!Joe massaged his neck. “Just can’t get fired up about
farming.”!
’s expressive face held a worried look. She sat
!Gracie

down at a chair. “Then why did you buy those additional four quarters of land?”!
!“That section was a hell of a deal.” Joe guzzled the

rest of his glass. “Great land. Have to hire more men.” He rubbed his temples. “A bit out of the way. Ten miles west of Ituna.” He chuckled ironically as he thought of his former business. “Great place to run whisky stills, if I was doing that.”!

!“How’s Caroline?”!

!“Doing well Gracie. Except for Sunday church, she’s still embarrassed to come into town after that wedding incident. But I’m glad Danny cold cocked Pete with one
!


punch on the church front lawn. And Jimmy revenged the act by flooding Pete’s shack with a variety of insects, that left Pete scratching himself nonstop for weeks.”!

!“Good for nothing lay about that Pete.” Gracie shivered. “Gives me the willies.” !
!“He does that to a lot of people, including my wife.” ! !“How does Caroline like being seven miles from town?” !

!“Adapted well,” replied Joe. “She loves the farm. Loves her garden. Loves her lilac bushes, and all the sweet smelling flowers around the place. Love the way the cabin feels like a home now.”!

!“So, what doesn’t the lass like?”.!

!His voice took on a strangled quality as he confessed, “She hates the amount I now drink. And hates the threats.”! !Gracie eased forward anxiously in her chair. “Have there been more?”!

!“Fence ripped down, chickens stolen and horse shot.”! !“Oh no Joe! Caroline ought to be scared. We’ve had Fredrick skulking around in his job as garbage man.” She made a fist. “And I swear there’s been little acts of vandalism done around here. Do you think lazy Fredrick’s doing it to both places?”!

!“Don’t know. Sol claims he’s had vandalism done at the store as well. Did you see Fredrick do anything?”! !“No! But the good-for-nothing bum sure bad mouths you and Danny a lot. No shortage of threats.”!

!Joe exhaled a long breath. “Speaking of threats. A note was left on our porch.”!
!


!“What’d it say?”!

!Joe ran his fingers through his hair and choked out the words, “Move or you all die!”!
!
!
!
EIGHTEEN!
!
!
!“Whether a boy or girl, it is a fighter,” Sol said as he slapped Joe on the shoulder. “Congratulations!” It was one year after the memorable wedding. Newborn cries sounded from Joe and Caroline’s bedroom. !

!Joe sipped his whiskey on ice, mopping his brow. “So glad your wife is here for Caroline’s first.” He pulled out the gold pocket watch his father gifted him. The same watch he’d traded Sol on his first day in Ituna. Except, Sol kept it all these years, returning it to Joe on his wedding day. Joe reflected on the moment when Sol placed the watch in his hand. It brought a tear to Joe’s eye. !

!Joe grinned, muttering as he gazed at that
sentimental watch, “Our first child’s born at high noon!” !
!

!Late in that year of 1911, Joe took Caroline out for a special evening. The first time she left the baby. Mrs. Boyko babysat for them. She cuddled little Katey in her loving arms, oohing and awing at the darling bundle’s every move. Joe loved gazing at his first born. He thought
!


Katey possessed the most intelligent eyes, and for a baby carried the mature look of a no nonsense girl. !

!Joe bursted with pride as he escorted Caroline to the opening of the new Ituna Town hall, which hosted a grand opening dinner and dance. Practically the entire town attended. All paraded in their finest. Caroline’s excellent seamstress skills were in full display as the royal blue dress she wore turned every head in the hall. It sent additional prideful feelings gushing through Joe’s body. ! !The couple enjoyed the evening until the incident. A drunk Pete staggered in. He chewed his tobacco, spitting on the floor every couple of seconds. Lecherously, he eyed Caroline talking to a group of ladies. The repulsive man unzipped his fly, weaving his way over. His hand massaged himself. Pete shouted for all to hear, “How’s that daughter of mine?”!

!Silence filled the room. Caroline said softly, “You are a liar.” She slapped his face. “You are a disgusting man.”! !“Ya loved my big cock,” boasted Pete. !

!“I’ve never been with you, ever. So apologize right now.”!
!Pete cackled. He spit his filthy black spew on her

beautiful dress. He flashed his sardonic grin. “Fuck ya!”!

!Joe marched across the hall, flushing with anger. Yet,

he knew exactly what he was about to do. He gathered his

energy to strike, and strike hard. !

!To add to the tension in the hall, a drunk Fredrick near

at hand, staggered over to the group before Joe got there.
!


Fredrick brayed like the ass he was, “Caroline, I think your new daughter’s mine.” !

!Pete guffawed and slapped Fredrick on the back. “Not ya too!” !
!As Joe stepped into the group, he deliver a right cross to Pete’s jaw. He followed up with a left shot to Fredrick’s stomach. Joe’s anger spilled out in a series of painful blows landing on the two drunks. Joe heard Mike’s raucous laughter in the background. So, he let fly with a few more devastating shots. It left the two losers out cold on the dance floor, floating in their own blood. !

!The shock of shocks occurred. It sent Joe breaking into hysterical laughter. The gentle Caroline walked over and kicked both men squarely in the ass. “Filth!” She turned to Mike. She walked up to the laughing man. “Leader of the filth.” Caroline cracked him across the face to the cheers of the crowd. !
!

!“Here’s your families presents,” Mrs. Boyko handed

Joe a large bag full of packages. It was the early afternoon of Christmas Eve of 1911. Joe chatted with Mrs. Boyko in the dress shop. Mr. Boyko repaired a broken shelf. Their granddaughter played at one of the sewing stations. The young Molly spied the adults with her perceptive eyes. Joe noticed she absorbed their every word. !

!“And for our present,” announced Joe. “After

everything you two have done for Caroline and I over the years. We want to give the Dress Shop to you. Merry Christmas!”!
!


!The Boyko’s all stopped whatever they were doing. A slack jawed Mrs. Boyko clapped her hands together. “Are, are you really giving us the Dress Shop?” !

!“For sure,” Joe affirmed as he hugged Mrs. Boyko and shook Mr. Boyko’s hand. !
!“Merry Christmas to you and your family,” said Mr. Boyko. “And thanks Joe. You’re such a good man.”! !“Merry Christmas!” Joe shouted. “Now all of you go home and start celebrating.” He pulled out a wrapped package. “And this is for Molly.”!

!“You’re a bad man!” A peeved Molly stood up, walked

up to Joe, snatching the present. She stuck out her tongue and kicked him in the shin. “I hate you. Daddy hits Mommy cause he says she’s still in love with you.”!
!

!In mid April of 1912, Joe and Carl sweated and strained. They attempted to fix a broken plough. Joe panted, holding up his hands. “Stop. I need a break.” He snagged a jug of whisky from under a bench. “Need a swig.”!

!“Not for me,” said Carl. “Never touch the stuff.”!

!“I shouldn’t.” Joe uncorked the jug. He relished in a greedy gulp. “Ah, that’s good. You know, the sinking of the Titanic on April 10 was such a sad thing.” ! !“Surely was Joe.”!

!“Shit. I came across the Atlantic on a leaky old tin

can.” Joe took another swig. “We were lucky. Had few life rafts. Just like the Titanic.” !
!“Criminal. Somebody gotta pay for that.”!
!


!“For sure.” Joe guzzled a sizable amount. “Speaking

of criminal, Carl, who do you think’s doing all this damage to us?”!
!“Don’t rightly know.”!

!“Now our well being poisoned is scary.”!

!“Lucky we smelt it before any humans drank that

water.” Carl slapped a fence post. “But, just darn sad

those three cows died before we figured it out.” !

!Joe indulged in another long swallow. “Keep thinking

it’s Pete or Fredrick or Mike. Or any combination of those

three creeps. But can’t nail it down.” !

!“Was in town yesterday and heard Fredrick’s some

upset that you gave the Boyko’s that Dress Shop.”!

!“That Fredrick continues to skulk around our friend’s

businesses, making mischief.”!

!”Yeah Joe. And I know Pete wants to fix you for

beaten the hell out of him more than once.” Carl chuckled. “Sure do like how Jimmy paid Pete back for insulting Caroline at that dance. Putting that crap in Pete’s chewing tabacky had Pete shitting real shit for days.”!

!Joe smiled. “And putting turpentine on Fredrick’s

fingers the next night. Leaving the man screaming in pain, when he commenced to picking his snout in the morning. Jimmy always strikes back.” !

!“Then there’s that dang Russian.”!

!“And Carl, we know how Mike would like to kill me.

So, there’s quite a line up wanting to do me in.” !

!“Surely is.” A nervous Carl scratched his ear that had

a gold erring attached. “Ah, but don’t let those spirits kill
!


you first.” Carl wore a sheepish look. “Don’t mean to pry. But, well, you’ve been drinking a lot lately.” The big man shook his head. “A lot!”!

!“Shit.” Joe spat on the ground, taking another drink. “I know Carl. I’m an alcoholic. But I can’t stop.”!
!“I love you like a brother,” Carl admitted. “Worry about you.”!
!“I’ll stop soon Carl. Just need to sort some things out.”! !A concerned Carl placed a comforting hand on Joe’s shoulder. “If you need help licking that stuff. I know all about it. It darn near killed me.” !
!
!“Joe! Joe!” Gracie hollered in a panic. She scurried along the Main Street of Ituna on a cold rainy day in October of 1912. !

!Joe just arrived in town. He sipped whisky on his way

in, wishing he could slow down on the boozing. Except he couldn’t seem to stop now that he was only farming. It was a major sore spot between him and Caroline. !

!The other major sore spot was he lost $300 in a poker game last week. Caroline raged at him. For he lost a lot lately. In fact, the only thing he’d won over the last couple of years was the sleek black horse named Fly, which he’d road into town today. !

!That fine horse could truly fly. It ran a real thoroughbred. Although that long legged horse was all he had won, while losing a bundle. The fact was, he gambled when he was drunk, and that was a lot lately. !
!



!“What is it Gracie
?” Joe proceeded towards the upset
lady.!


reached Joe, hugging him.
!An out of breath Gracie

“I’ve bad news.”!


!“What is it?”!


!Gracie
gripped Joe by the arm. She blurted out,
“Nicole’s dead!”!
!
!
!
NINETEEN!
!
!

!After hearing the news of Nicole’s death, Joe

embarked on a bender of all benders. His alcohol

consumption hit a critical level. That fateful day, he

guzzled like a man possessed. He never quenched his

whiskey thirst, knowing Nicole was murdered. !

!Gracie informed Joe that Mike claimed Nicole fell

down the stairs in the hotel. Mike talked to the Mounties

immediately. He established his alibi, backed up by the

Mayor’s cronies, clearing himself of any suspicion. Gracie

told Joe most folks in town believed Mike killed Nicole. But

evidence was non existent. Therefore, Nicole’s murder

would go unpunished, exactly like Tommy Cardinal’s

death. The injustice ate at Joe, as he drowned his sorrow

with whiskey.	!

!A wet and inebriated Joe weaved his way down Main Street. He stumbled, mumbled, fell, and threw up all over
!


himself and the empty street. A cigar smoking Mike and some of his cronies stepped out of his bar. Joe laid face down in his own vomit and mud. Mike snapped his fingers. He pointed at the passed out Joe. One of the thugs walked over and kicked Joe in the ribs. Joe moaned and threw up again. !

!Mike glowered as he and his posse surrounded Joe. A scheming Mike flicked an ash from his cigar on the drunk man. “Boys, what should we do with this Galician trash?” ! !“Kill him,” shouted one of the thugs. !

!Mike stroked his beard. He grinned with evil in his black eyes. “Good idea. Should we cut his balls off first?” The comment sparked hardy laughter from the group. ! !Mike slid out a knife. “You’re a fucking loser.” !

!A filthy Joe rolled over slowly. His head throbbed. He shot back, “You’re a killer.”!
!“Shut up!” An enraged Mike stepped in, attempting to kick the man on the ground. Joe managed to dodge that kick. Except, one of the thugs did the job, delivering a painful boot to Joe’s stomach. !

!A wild-eyed Mike assumed a crazed look on his face. He hissed, “One more word and I’ll slit your fucking throat.” Brutally, he kicked Joe again, this time connecting. “You’re an embarrassment to your wife, and everyone in this town.” His pals hooted and hollered in agreement. The jeering continued until the dark aura enveloped Mike’s entire body. Mike edged closer. His knife positioned to inflict damage. He brayed, “Prepare to die.” !
!


!Paul the blacksmith and Danny rushed out from Sol’s general store as they heard the noise. They raced toward the gang of thugs. The unsavory group scattered like fleeing rats. !

!Mike whispered for only Joe to hear, “Whiskey Joe, I will kill you. Then I will fuck your wife. And beat her to death like Nicole.”!
!

!“My God, you look just like your mother,” Joe said in the spring of 1913, while he rocked his brand new baby daughter named Lilly. Joe peeked down at the dark haired bundle. He chuckled with admiration. “You’re going to be a beauty.”!

!Lilly cooed. Joe tickled her nose. “The spitting image. And I’ll bet you’ll have your mother’s spunk.” He smiled from ear to ear, enjoying the moment. “I’m a lucky man. But Lilly, why am I killing myself with the whiskey?” !

!Joe thought back to the humiliating night, when he laid drunk in the middle of the Ituna Main Street. Thank goodness his friends saved his ass. “I have to stop. I’m such an embarrassment.” he sighed. “But the farm bores the shit out of me. I miss the excitement of the stills and being involved in running the bar.”!

!Caroline crept up behind him. She placed her hand on his shoulder. “Forgive me Lord for what I’m about to say. Joseph, would you be happy if I let you run your still again? But no devil’s den.” !
!
!


!An excited Joe wouldn’t do anything concerning the still operation until he received Father Kissel’s blessing. For he knew, Caroline’s guilt would eat her alive, if the priest raised any objections. Joe made his way to the Ituna Catholic Church. Joe caught Father Kissel enjoying the spring sun while sitting on the front bench.!

!“Good afternoon. Are you going to finally repent for all your sins?”!
!“No Father Kissel, too far gone for that.”! !“Very, very true.” Father Kissel pulled a condescending sneer.!

!“But, what I’m here to talk about is that I want to open

up my operation again. You know what I mean.”!

!Father Kissel wagged his holy finger at Joe. The

spiritual leader was renown for his finger wagging lectures

and pronouncements. “You are a heathen!”!

!“For sure. But I won’t start making again, until I can be sure you won’t add to Caroline’s guilt.”!
!“I will not be a part of brewing alcohol,” Father Kissel

said with an indignant tone. “Who do you think I am?”!

!Joe thought about answering that question with

honesty. But he decided to stayed focused on his purpose.

“How about if I go back to gracing the church with a jug a

week?” Joe smirked as he pulled out a roll of bills. “And I

donate $200 to your cause.” !

!Father Kissel’s eye’s rose with interest. !

!“And Father Kissel, let’s say that I double Caroline’s weekly contribution to the church.”!
!


!“I do not know if that will change my handling of this situation.”!

!Joe laughed inside. He realized they were now merely negotiating price. “Okay, I’ll triple it. Making sure the contribution goes directly to your private collection plate. And with that arrangement a glittery diamond ring may be well within your grasp.” !

!The perspiration flowed from the holy man, as he contemplated. “Do not know.” Father Kissel scratched his head. His eyes glimmered with greed. Joe recognized a man who was attempting to up the price further. “I am a Catholic Priest. Operating high above these types of sinful activities and discussions.” !

!Joe offered all he could. He knew the man had a higher price in mind. But Joe was staying pat. So, Joe slapped Father Kissel on the shoulder. “I think we have a deal. And I’ll never mention the fact that Mike sends one of his whores to you every month.”!
!

!“Filthy dive,” Joe muttered. He stepped with caution into a dimly lit, stale aired Fort Qu’apple Bar, one week after his successful discussion at the church. !

!Joe hunted for a certain man. He heard this might be the place to find him. Joe spotted his man. He sauntered up to a corner table with a disheveled dirty drunk passed out. The drunk’s head rested on that crude table. Joe seized a half full picture of beer. He poured it on Jimmy Cardinal’s head.!
!


!A spluttering Jimmy, wearing a lumberjack shirt that had seen much better days, raised his head like a man in a trance. His body shook like a drenched dog. “Damn!”! !“How’s things?” Joe slapped him on the back.!

!A glazed eyed Jimmy threw up on the table. He dropped his head back down in the mess. He mumbled, “What’d you want?”!

!“Oh Jimmy.” Joe sighed with an empathetic look. He snagged a chair, sitting down. “I want you, and I want those two whiskey stills.” Joe heard that Jimmy only lasted a year making whisky on his own. He gave it up, hitting the bottle hard.!

!“I thought you was done.”!

!“Well, the good Lord and I made a deal.” Joe slapped

the table. “I’m back in the whiskey game. Do you have any money left?”!
!Jimmy groaned. “Not a cent.”!

!“Will you sell the stills to me for what I sold them to

you?”!

!“Yah.”!

!“Will you come and work for me?”!

!Jimmy popped his head up like an eager gopher out of a hole. He looked Joe in the eye. “Let’s get going!”!
!

!One day later, Joe and Jimmy scouted the new location where their whiskey operations would be established. It sat smack dab in the centre of the four quarters Joe purchased with Sol’s assistance in 1910. The
!


out of the way land west of Ituna boasted a sizable hidden valley. It fit the bill perfectly. !

!“Yea-Haw!” Jimmy threw his hands in the air in excitement. “Lots of water, lots of bush, them stills can be hid there.” He pointed to a sheltered spot.!

!Joe’s voice overflowed with passion, “This time we’re going big. I want sheds for the stills, sheds for storage, first rate delivery equipment and so on.”! !“Really?”!


!“For sure Jimmy. Time to strike.” !

!Jimmy sucked in a breath. “Joe, cost a bundle.” !

!“Worth every penny we invest.” Joe grasped Jimmy

by the shoulder. “My friend, were going to be the biggest whiskey maker in Saskatchewan! Maybe Canada!” ! !Jimmy laughed uncontrollably until he got hold of himself. “So great to be back with Whiskey Joe.” He shook Joe’s hand. “I forgot. Go big or go home!” !
!
!
!
TWENTY!
!
!

!Joe collected their mail at the Ituna Post Office in September of 1914. All the talk in town concerned the outbreak of war in Europe. Canada was heavily involved already. Young men were being shipped off to do battle. ! !Joe strolled down the Main Street of Ituna , browsing at the various letters. He halted. “Holy Shit!” He ripped
!


open the official looking brown envelope. Joe jerked his head up, talking to no one, “I’ve been drafted.” !
!

!“Are you gonna fight?” Danny asked as he and Joe

met for a meal at Wong’s Cafe. It was one week since the

army draft letter was opened. Joe stalled his answer,

placing their order first. Starting them off with a pot of

green tea and a massive bowl of hot & sour soup, followed

by a variety of scrumptious dishes. Joe loved using the

chopsticks. Danny stuck to his trusted fork. The highlight

of every one of their meals here was the fortune cookies.	!

!Danny leaned forward. “You’re driving me crazy. What

happened?”!

!“I went to the recruiting office in Yorkton.” Joe shook his head in amazement. “Scary shit. I did the medical.”! !“Did you pass?” Danny asked as he was about to bite into an egg roll.!

!Joe savored a spoonful of the soup before answering, “For sure.” !
!“Did the army think you were too old mate?”!

!“Didn’t talk about age. But when they found out I was a farmer, and had nine quarters of land. They told me to go.”!

!“A grand thing that was!” Danny sighed with relief. !

!“For sure. They said the country needs farmers. They told me to go home and finish my harvest.” !
!Joe ran into his friend George Babchuk in Yorkton that day. The Foam Lake man received his draft letter as well. Both men laughed at the irony. They had been rejected
!


from the Canadian army cause they were farmers. Yet, both their fathers back in Galicia served together in 1885. That day, they shared a whiskey on ice in celebration. Joe and George toasted to an independent Galicia one day. As well, they planned new whiskey sales opportunities around the Foam Lake area. !

!“Thank God. We couldn’t loose Whiskey Joe. Especially since you’re back in the business.” Danny sipped on his tea, tension leaving his face. “Your sweet spirits have brought the lads back to Nicole’s Place in droves. Like old times again mate.”!

!“This past year’s been crazy. Jimmy and I have

almost returned sales to what they were at our peak.” Joe grabbed a jumbo shrimp with his chopsticks. “I love this stuff. And thank goodness Carl can run things on the farm with only a little guidance.” !

!“How the hell do you lads deal with your land being scattered?”!
!“Great farmhands at each place.” Joe popped the

shrimp in his mouth. He chewed for a long moment. “Yum!

And between Carl and I, we travel a ton.”!

!Danny whispered, “How’s the new still location?” ! !“Excellent,” Joe replied quietly. “So well concealed, Mounties will never find it. Unless someone snitches.”! !“Did Jimmy ever find Sonny?”!

!“No, too bad,” Joe said with disappointment in his voice. “Sonny seemed to disappear. But we’ve hired a couple of new top notch workers for the whisky business.” Joe pointed at Danny’s eye. “What happened?”!
!


!“Bloody hell.” The huge Irishmen rubbed his half shut peeper. “Ouch.”!

!“Another black eye? Danny, you’d one not long ago in the other eye.”!
!Danny shrugged his shoulders in embarrassment. “Ah Joe. Another drunk got out of line. And the wanker tore me lucky green hat.” He touched his hat on his head. “But, not
giving it up.”!
again?” Joe
!“Was it something to do with Gracie

asked as he tapped his chopsticks nervously on his plate.!

!“Damn that woman. She’s still flirting.”!

!“Gracie ’s harmless. She’s just being friendly. This has to stop.” Joe took a dead serious tone, “Or you’ll end up dead in one of these fights.”!

!An ashamed Danny cringed. “Can’t help me self. What’s wrong with me?” !
!Joe opened his fortune cookie. As he red it, a thought floated into his head. “Yeah.” Joe set down his chop sticks. “Don’t think you can stop. This will take a while to unfold. But maybe its time to make some big changes.” !
!
!In the middle of the night in August of 1915, screaming originated from Joe and Caroline’s bedroom. Joe perspired outside that room. Joe, Katey and Lilly sat in the living room, scared to the bone with each of the agonizing shrieks. Caroline struggled in this labour. Mrs. Goldstein assisted the birth. But this birth presented a frightful challenge. The baby was breeched. The painful
!


labour dragged on for hours. Caroline’s screams grew weaker. The concern increased. !

!Joe led the girls out for a number of walks. He now

sat on the girl’s bed, reading them a story. His trembling hands held the book.!
!“Is Mommy gonna die?” Katey inquired in a soft voice.! !The two year old Lilly shouted, “Mommy die!” She commenced to crying and kicking the wall. !

!Joe wrapped the girls in his arms. He hugged them, giving comfort to them and himself. “Your mommy’s very strong. She needs you girls to be strong right now.” ! !Mrs. Goldstein burst into the girl’s bedroom, disheveled and disoriented, “Joe, we’ve a decision to make.” !
!

!The next day Joe sat alone. He rocked a cradle which held Joe’s first son, John. He gazed down at the constantly wiggling boy, touching his tiny nose. “You’re a fighter.” An exhausted Joe promised his new son, “I want to be a better man than I have. I want you and your sisters to be proud of your father.” He swallowed hard. “And your mother deserves a better man. She’s one hell of a lady. One strong lady. One hell of a fighter.” !

!Joe could hear Mrs. Goldstein chatting with a worn

out Caroline in their bedroom. The difficult decision never unfolded. For Caroline refused to give up hope, or give up fighting. Sure enough, a short time later Mrs. Goldstein managed to pry little Johnny out. !
!


!Joe had improved himself. But he was determined to step it up a notch. He’d abstained from partaking in any spirits since he fired up the stills again. He didn’t miss the liquor one bit. He continued to play poker. But he was giving that up as of now. !

!Joe sat up straight in his chair. He received a jolt of energy as he inhaled the sight of his son. Now that the trauma of last night ended, and he could think about it, he felt fantastic about his life. He’d the passion back. He now had a son. He loved Caroline, Katey and Lilly a ton, loving how they’d him wrapped around their finger. Now that he had a baby boy, it completed the happiness picture in his mind. !

!Little Johnny burped, making Joe laugh. “You got that fun loving look about you. Just like me when I was a little guy. Then well, life catches up to you. And I got all serious.”!

!Joe grabbed his son’s finger. “Yeah, you gotta good

grip their tiger. You can help me balance things out in this house of females.” Joe sniffed the sweet fragrance radiating from a vase of roses set on the table. “Real nice. But I’m going to show you the other side of life.” ! !Johnny cooed and gurgled in response. !

!“You and me are going to have some fun. I’m gonna teach you so much. Like how to farm. Although, that’s not my thing. Carl can help us out there. I can teach you how to make fine whiskey, run a bar, deal from the bottom of a deck, use a knife, ride a horse, and a ton of other things.”!
!


!Joe shed a tear. “And I’ll teach you about your

grandpa and my father. I miss him a lot. Got a letter from Poland last week. He’s sick.” Joe’s eye’s watered. “I mean real sick. He's a great man, taught me a lot. That’s why I named you after him.”!
!
!
!
TWENTY-ONE!
!
!

!Err! Bogan let out a low menacing growl. The dog stood in a protective stance in front of Caroline. She rocked a two month old Johnny on their covered porch. A dreary fall day unwound. Joe piled wood into a nearby shed to protect against the upcoming winter. !

!Err! Bogan let out another warning growl with his ears perked high in the air. !
!“What is it?” Caroline asked the rigid dog. !

!Err! Err! Err! Bogan’s growls continued to grow in intensity.!
!“Joseph!” Caroline yelled. !

!Joe hurried out of the nearby shed. “What is it?”!

!Three German Shepherd dogs charged out from the bushes. They headed straight for Caroline and baby John. Only a growling Bogan stood in their way. The noble husky challenged the three intruders. The largest of the well trained fighting dogs maneuvered past Bogan. It continued on its way towards the porch.!
!


!Joe zeroed in on the largest of the attacking canines. He heard the other two dogs fighting with Bogan. He heard Caroline screaming with fear. Joe used every ounce of energy to reach the charging German Shepard, while slipping out his knife. Joe leap upon the dogs back a split second before it reached Caroline and John. He sunk the knife deep into the humongous dog’s neck. Blood gushed skyward. The dog dropped in a couple of seconds. !

!The struggling German Shepherd flopped about in the final struggle. It gave up as it went limp. A bloody Joe rolled off. He ushered Caroline and the baby inside. He noticed with pride Johnny never showed an ounce of fear. ! !Joe picked up a shovel and entered the battle Bogan was engaged in. He heard the sound of drumming horse hoofs running away. He saw a bleeding Bogan fighting the two remaining killers like a dog possessed. !

!Joe tore after the second German Shepherd like a man possessed himself. He knocked the dog back. This dog battled like a trained fighter. It knew how to fight a man. The dog almost broke through with one horrific charge and snap. Joe blocked that attack with the shovel. He regrouped, getting a new serge of energy. Joe’s counter attack and utter rage made short work of the wily German Shepherd. !

!Buy the time Joe finished with the second dog, the third German Shepherd lie dead next to a whimpering Bogan. Tears flooded Joe’s face. He crouched next to the critically injured Husky. !
!


!“Oh my God!” Joe realized it was hopeless. Bogan was ripped bad. !

!Bogan focused his one eye on his master. Blood gurgled from his mouth. The dog took a few pained breaths. Joe stroked his long time canine friend. “You’ve protected me for years. Now you saved my wife and son.”! !Within two minutes Bogan died. Joe continued to stroke the dog tenderly. “Go in peace my friend.” Joe laid beside the dog and wept. !
!

!In November of 1915 a large group hover around a

table at the Ituna General Store. Mrs. Goldstein signed,

then Sol put his signature on the same legal document. “It

is done!” Sol shouted while looking at his wife. “My dear,

we are foot loose and fancy free!” Sol tossed his

spectacles in the air, attempting to catch them. They fell to

the floor. They broke into pieces. He chuckled and

embraced his wife with affectionate arms. He exuded an

uncommon show of emotion. “Time for us to play!” !

!Joe hugged Mrs. Goldstein, Gracie	, and then shook

Sol and Danny’s hand. “This is one deal that feels right.” !

!Joe orchestrated a deal where Danny and Gracie sold

Nicole’s Place to an out of town buyer. Danny and Gracie

took the money and purchased Sol’s General Store. Sol

agreed to stay on and assist Danny and Gracie in the

transition. Sol and his wife were now over seventy and

slowing down. They wanted to retire to a small house on

the edge of town. !
!


!Gracie exclaimed, “This lass is so happy.” She embraced Danny, pinching him on his firm bum. “We get a fresh start in a booming store.”!

!Danny wearing his brand new green hat,sighed as if a heavy weight came off his shoulders. He pinched Gracie’s bum. “And me promises to never get jealous again.” !
!

!“Caroline my dear,you know my favorite saying,” Joe said. “Go big or go home.” Two weeks before Christmas in 1915, snow fell lightly on Joe’s head. He wore his buffalo coat. He sat on a well groomed, energetic Fly in front of their porch !

!Joe leaned down, kissing Caroline goodbye. “Don’t worry. You and the kids are safe.” Joe assured her that Carl and the farmhands would protect the place with their lives while he was away. !

!Joe decided it was time to think big, time to dream big. He wanted to expand into the lucrative whiskey market in the capital city of Regina, Saskatchewan. He’d been corresponding with a hotel owner. He’d been invited in to talk.!

!When Joe arrived in Regina he was surprised at the size of the city. As he arrived at Champs Hotel, owned by Henry Jacks, Joe received another surprise. Clearly, Champs Hotel rated as the largest hotel in the growing city of Regina. Along with it being the most luxurious and expensive in the province of Saskatchewan.!

!The two men met alone in a private dining room. Joe felt uncomfortable. This was way out of his league,
!


beautiful chandeliers, smartly dressed waiters, fine china and all the trimmings of a high end establishment.!

!“I finally get to meet the infamous Whiskey Joe.” The large Henry let out a deep belly laugh. “I’ve tasted your fine liquor.” He hammered the table. “Best whiskey in the province of Saskatchewan! Maybe the best in all of Canada!” He downed a glass of whiskey served in the fanciest whiskey glass Joe ever saw. “Ah, so smooth! And thank you for the sample!”!

!“And thank you Mr. Jacks for taking the time.”!

!“Call me Henry!” The jovial man with gigantic jowls poured himself more spirits. “How many stills do you have going?”!

!Joe peered around with nervous eyes. He cleared his throat before he spoke, “Two.”!
!“That’s all. Now Joe, I want all of it.” Henry shoved a massive meatball in his mouth.! !“But.”!

!Henry finished chewing. “Delicious. Tell you what I’m

gonna do.” The 300 pound man pulled out a stack of one

hundred dollar bills. He handed it to Joe. “This is an

advance on your shipments to come. Go buy yourself a

couple more whisky stills.”!

!“Holy shit!” !

!Henry went after another meatball, blaring like a fog horn, “Welcome to the big time boy!” !
!
!

!
!


TWENTY-TWO!
!
!

!“Please consider it,” Joe pleaded with his wife. Early spring of 1916 when Joe covered Caroline’s hand with fond fingers. He looked into her eyes with genuine sincerity. The two cuddled alone on their living room sofa.! !Joe continued to speak, “I want to donate $300 to the building of the Beaver Hills school. And I want to join the Beaver Hills school board to ensure that school’s set up right.” Desperately, Joe wanted to bring some respectability to himself and the family. He knew underneath Caroline was embarrassed of what he did. ! !“As I said Joseph, any money we give should be to

the church,” insisted Caroline. She wore her signature look of determination.!
!“But there’s so many children in this area. That way

our kids would only have a mile and a half to get to school. Rather than that seven mile trip into that sorry excuse for a school in Ituna.”!

!“No	, Joseph.” Caroline formed a steeple with her

fingers. “If we give, it is to the Catholic Church.”!

!Joe slipped a peppermint candy from a jar, sitting on the coffee table in front of them. “Yum! I love the way you always have treats around.” He was stalling, sucking on the candy. It gave him time to think about what he was to say next. “Except Caroline, every time we give to the Catholic Church in town, they buy another useless piece of art.” !
!


!Caroline slapped Joe on the shoulder. “How dare you? Talking like the devil himself.”!

!Joe had flashed his signature winning smile early in the discussion. But the tactic had no impact on his wife. So, he was down to his last gasp. His voice became firm. “I want our kids to have a chance at a solid education.”! !She took on a stern look. “No. I don’t believe in education.” Caroline turned to Joe, making her other signature move. She placed her fingers on her husband’s lips. “There’s only one book to read. You know which one.”! !This time Joe shocked his wife. Gently, he removed

her fingers from his lips. He spoke with unwavering purpose, “Caroline, I don’t ask much. But, please think bigger picture. Please think of our children.”!

!“Oh, I don’t know.” She fussed and fidgeted. “I need to talk to Father Kissel. He’s so wise. I guess. If he agrees.”! !Joe was amazed at the power these priests held over their flock, even a strong and determined lady like Caroline. Also, Joe was amazed at some of the dirty secrets and vices these priests hid. “I talked to Father Kissel. And he’s all for it. Cause I said we’d donate the exact amount to his church.” !
!

!During the winter of 1917, Joe and Caroline

welcomed a brand new daughter. No labour complications, Beverly was born in the middle of a cold prairie night. She danced into the world in a hurry, and was cooing and chirping in no time. It was as if the little darling came out talking, and never stopped. !
!


!When Joe cuddled Beverly in his loving arms, she

filled the air. Joe laughed and smiled. “I love the sound of your sweet voice. And you’ll be bossing your dad around in no time.” !

!Katey tiptoed into the room, standing beside Joe. She peeked at her newborn sister. ! !“Isn’t she cute?” Joe asked.!

!“Sure is Daddy. Was I cute too?” !

!Joe winked playfully at her. “Absolutely. And you’re

real smart as well as pretty.” He tickled her under the chin. “How was school?”!
!“The new Beaver Hills school is amazing,” Katey said as she excitedly clapped her hands. !
!All through the spring of 1916, Joe fought, coerced

and begged his neighbors. Finally, all agreed to build the schoolhouse. The construction went like clock work. Joe spent additional cash to ensure the Beaver Hills school was first rate, and ensuring the teacher was of the highest quality.!

!“So Katey, are you enjoying first grade?”	!

!“You bet.” She pulled her dad’s nose. “And our

teacher even said what a great job you did in leading the building of our school.” Katey kissed Joe on the cheek. “And Daddy, I’m so proud of you!” !
!

!“Let’s go Johnny,” Joe said as he carried his rambunctious son out the front door of their cabin in the spring of 1917. It didn’t appear like a cabin any longer. Joe, Carl and a couple of farm hands built two additional
!


bedrooms and a large pantry. Also, they installed indoor plumbing and running water. That crystal clear water sourced from their nearby well, which provided Joe with endless refreshing drinks all these years. !

!“Where are you taking my Johnny?” Caroline asked with a quiver in her voice. !
!“Time for him to get the feel of a horse.” Joe positioned Johnny on the saddle. Fly never moved a muscle.!

!“No,	Joseph. He could fall.”!

!Johnny squealed with delight, pulling on Fly’s mane. “I’ll be holding him tight,” Joe reassured his wife.! !“But my little boy!”!

!“Honey. You can spoil Katey, Lilly and baby Beverly all you want.” Joe swung up on the horse behind Johnny. “But this tiger needs action, and can’t be coddled.”!

!Their daughter, Lilly, pushed threw the front door demanding, “Daddy, I want to go for a ride.”! !“Lilly, I took you yesterday.”!

!She screamed, “Don’t care.” She stomped her foot. “I want to ride now!” !
!“You can have a turn after Johnny,“ Joe said. He did worry about how spoiled Lilly was becoming. Certainly, she was an incredibly beautiful little girl. But she was turning into a selfish brat. !

!She stuck out her tongue. “I hate you,” shrieked Lilly

for the world to hear. She slammed the door, beginning a sulking pout, which would last for days.!
!


!Caroline sighed with worry. “She’s becoming more and more demanding.”!

!“For sure. Now Johnny and I are going for a ride.”! !Caroline clutched at Joe’s arm. “But he’s still out there.” !

!“Buster here.” He pointed at the families new Siberian Husky dog. “Has grown into one top notch protector.” ! !“But Joseph.”!

!“And Carl’s right close. So don’t worry. Johnny and I’ll be taking a ride around the farmyard.” The wriggling Johnny grasped one of the reigns. “I’ll always be here to protect you.” Joe opened up his coat, revealing a pistol. “And I’ll shoot to kill!” !
!
!
!
TWENTY-THREE!
!
!

!A month later Carl strode up to Joe’s front porch. “Joe, found something you’re gonna wanna see.”!
!“What’s that?” Joe continued to read the book on his lap. He’d become an avid reader, studying business, economics and politics, investigating new ventures to enter into. Joe enjoyed the way him and Carl were expanding the farm. They were cultivating large amounts of land, exploring new agricultural techniques. It sparked a new interest in farming for himself. !
!


!On top of that, Jimmy and himself had the whiskey operation humming. They expanded with two brand new industrial size stills. Additional men hired. Numerous permanent sheds constructed. Top of the line equipment used and a super efficient delivery system. His whiskey operation was becoming a dominant player in that unsavory area. The name of Whiskey Joe was spreading throughout Saskatchewan, and into other parts of Canada and the United States. !

!“Found the spot our troublemaker’s been using to watch us,” said Carl.!
!Joe leaped out of the chair. “Let’s go.”!

!“And Joe, by what the scoundrel’s got there. His next act gonna be even more deadly.”!
!

!Joe and Caroline walked down the main street of Ituna in the fall of 1917. Caroline held a chattering baby Beverly. Katey and Lilly walk behind teasing their excited brother, who held Joe’s hand. !

!“You stay close to me Johnny,” Joe commanded.

“Cause if I let you go, you’ll be gone. And even your bossy sisters couldn’t stop you.”!
!Anna and her daughter pranced round the corner, stepping in font of the Kaminsky family. “Quite the unruly brood,” Anna declared with her well developed sarcastic tone. “Can’t you handle them Caroline?” !

!“They’re a spirited bunch,” replied Joe. He sized up the green rash on all of Anna’s fingers, both wrists and round her neck.!
!


!Anna released a cynical chortle. “And they don’t look like you at all Joe.”!

!The shot at Caroline was apparent. She responded with a forceful posture, “They look a lot like Joseph. And you know it Anna.” !

!“Of course, you’d say that!” Anna snorted. “Did you know my Fredrick was recently given the position of Head Parishioner at our Catholic church?” She elevated her nose. “Yes, quite an honor. I bought this priceless neckless in celebration.” She stuck out her neck for all to admire.! !“Congratulations to both of you,” muttered Caroline under her breath. By Caroline’s face, the news struck a negative cord with her. As Joe only attended church for their wedding, the kids christenings and the odd funeral. Joe knew that Mike paid to have Fredrick take the church leadership roll, in order to hold more influence over Father Kissel. !

!Katey whispered to Lilly, but all heard, “That necklace is ugly.” Both girls and Joe giggled. !
!Anna scowled at the two girls. “Yes, certainly is an honor for my family,” Anna gloated in her grating voice. “Father Kissel only wants upstanding citizens and people of the highest social standing in leadership positions. He despises criminal types such as whiskey makers.” The thin lipped Anna sneered. “And everyone knows about Whiskey Joe.” !

!Caroline turned a hundred shades of red. Joe cringed

as he attempted to keep the kids in line. He grimaced with each moment of this nightmare conversation.!
!


!Anna cackled in her mocking manner. She assumed her aura of superiority, “Poor foolish Caroline, I often chat with your father. Mr. Gomulka, is so disappointed with your choice of a husband.” She touched Caroline patronizingly. “I should give you a few lessons on choosing a good man. And decent jewelry.” !

!The perceptive Katey piped up, “You’re mean!” !

!The outspoken Lilly joined in, “Yeah! And ugly!” Lilly followed that up by sticking out her tongue multiple times and making a horrid face at Anna. !

!An appalled Anna raged, “You little bitches!” !

!Not to be outdone, little Johnny broke free and kicked

Anna in the shin. He chirped, “Green witch!” He

scampered back to the protection of his father.!

!“Such a little heathen!” Anna fumed, shaking her fist,

tinny sounds filling the street. “Just like his sinner of a

father.” She proceeded to move on past. Anna fired one

last barrage in a scornful screech, “And Caroline, still can’t

get your husband to even go to church.” The irate Anna

then shouted for the entire town to hear, “And stop your
husband’s womanizing ways!”	!
!

!“Whiskey Joe!” Henry Jacks bellowed. “You’re among friends here.”!
!December of 1917 and a nervous Joe found himself sitting in the Assiniboin Club in Regina. He never dreamed he’d enter the fancy gentlemen’s club. That highbrow club where the board member and Mike, were involved in attempting to set him up in a sting operation many years
!


ago. Except, Joe decided to come and listen. He purchased a new set of clothes, new boots and hat for the occasion. !

!One of the reasons for the meeting was a liquor

tasting contest that took place a month ago in Regina. The cash prize for the winner stood high. Joe put his whiskey up against the best alcohols for hundreds of miles. It came down to a vodka with a fancy name and his whiskey. The five judges sipped and sipped again, smelling and swallowing. In the end, Joe won the cash. It drove his orders through the roof, and a greater interest in his operation. !

!At this meeting, there were two sharply dressed men who positioned themselves across from Joe. One was a member of the Saskatchewan Provincial Legislature. The other was Henry, owner of Champs Hotel, where Joe was staying. Joe provided whiskey to that fine hotel for almost two years now. It turned out to be an extremely beneficial relationship for both parties. !

The hawk nose politician inquired, “If you had a chance to take your whiskey operation legit, would you?” ! !Joe tugged at his shirt collar with uncomfortable fingers. He took his time before responding, “What whiskey operation?” He smirked, flashing an innocent look. All the men chuckled, joining in the joke. !

!“We mean to set up a whiskey distillery that could be huge with the right partners,” Henry said. !
!Joe mopped his brow. “What would it take to set up an operation like that?”!
!


!“A three way partnership,” replied Henry. “That may take up to a year to finalize and get proper approvals. I’ll put up the majority of the cash for 30% of the action. My political friend here will ensure a long term license for our Distillery for 5% of the company. And a discrete cash donation to his private bank account.”!

!The pencil neck politician added, “And the license will

not only allow us to distribute your fine liquor in the

province of Saskatchewan. But in the rest of Canada, and

even a few locations in the United States of America.” !

!Henry leaned in. “Now as for you, Joe, you’ll put up

some cash. You’ll put in your existing equipment. You’ll run

the company, owning 65%.” The businessman drained his

glass of whiskey. “And most exciting, the new company
will be called Whiskey Joe’s.”!
!
!
!
TWENTY-FOUR!
!
!

!Danny, Paul the blacksmith, and Joe hung around the counter of the Ituna General Store. They smoked cigars to celebrate the birth of Joseph, Jr. early in 1918. Joe rode a definite high. Family was doing great. Business was great. Caroline and he were truly in love. Joe needed to do some reassuring of his love for Caroline after Anna’s lie concerning him and other women.!
!


!Danny and Gracie were also very happy. They were raising a fantastic batch of children, running a successful general store, and no fits of jealous rage from Danny. Joe enjoyed this Danny who continually sang his Irish tunes.

For through some of those jealous days at the bar, not a tune could be heard from the man. !
!They heard a shout from the back alley. “What the

hell?” Joe asked as he sniffed the air. The three men piled out of the front door. They slipped on the ice and snow. They made their way around the corner. They ran along the side of the General Store and the Dress Shop. When emerging onto the back alley, they spied the corner of the dress shop burning. They spied Fredrick striking Mr. Boyko on the head with a shovel, while the older man laid helpless on the ground. !

!Upon spotting the three men, Fredrick fled, throwing the bloody shovel away. Danny pursued Fredrick. Paul grasped the shovel. He threw snow on the fire, putting it out in short order. !

!Joe ripped off his shirt. He propped up a bleeding and busted up Mr. Boyko. Joe attempted to halt the flowing blood with his own shirt and Mr. Boyko’s rainbow colored handkerchief. “Just relax, we’ll get you help.”!

!Mr. Boyko sputtered, “Tried to save the place.” He coughed and wheezed. “He was trying to burn.” Massive lengthy coughs filled the air. “Give me my lucky pipe.” He hacked for a long moment. “Gonna need it.” !

!Joe removed the gold plated pipe from the man’s shirt pocket. He placed it in Mr. Boyko’s hand.!
!


!“My luck turned after I got this pipe.” He began an endless eery wheezing sound. He paused to whisper, “Take care of.” Mr. Boyko rolled his eyes. His body spasmed. An eery chill ran through the back alley over the next minute. Mr. Boyko died in his friend’s trembling arms.!
!

!Half an hour later at the Boyko’s home in Ituna, Joe consoled Mrs. Boyko with a never ending hug. Her tears drenched his new shirt. He communicated the sad news of her husband’s death. The hardest part was letting her know that Fredrick was the killer. A belligerent Fredrick raged and ranted, locked in a jail in the back of the Post Office, until the Mounties would arrive to collect the crazed murderer.!

!Joe slipped the gold plated pipe into Mrs. Boyko’s hand. “Was in his hand when he passed.”! !“Oh Joe, he treasured this gift from you.”!

!“Let me know if there’s anything I can do,” offered Joe. !
!Mrs. Boyko asked with a thick emotional voice, “What’ll we do without him?”!
!“He was a good man. He died protecting your property.”!
!“Does Anna know yet?” Mrs. Boyko inquired as she sniffled and wiped tears.!
!“No. Do you want me to tell her?”!

!She shook her head. “I’m going right now. My granddaughter will take it hard. She loved her grandpa.”
!


Mrs. Boyko began weeping again. ”But, but Molly won’t miss Fredrick.”!

!Joe stepped back. “Why?”!

!“From an early age Molly seemed to sense Fredric wasn’t her real father.”!
!Joe raised his eyebrows. “But you said Fredrick was.”! !Mrs. Boyko wiped more tears, looking downward in shame. She spoke in a whisper, “I lied.” She lifted her chin. “I am sorry. You’re definitely Molly’s father.”!
!

!“Have to explain something to your mother.” Joe cringed later that day. “And is she going to be pissed,” He rocked a squirming Johnny on the perfectly crafted rocking chair Carl gifted the couple upon the birth of their first child back in 1911. Joe thought the rocking chair had been well used. It provided endless warm motion memories. ! !”Mommy mad .” Johnny gazed up at his Dad and grinned. !


!“She’ll be.” Joe tousled his son’s hair. “You know, you have that same glint in your eye that I do. And Johnny, that can get you in a lot of trouble.” !

!Johnny reached up and pulled Joe’s nose. “Big nose.” ! !“And yeah Johnny, you got the same nose as me,
and your grandpa back in Poland. Had a big one too? But remember, you can always tell the size of a Man, by the size of his nose. And someday, you’ll understand what that means.” Joe tickled Johnny, sending giggles through the home. !
!


!The thought of his father sent Joe’s mood downward.

“Last letter I got from Krakow, my father passed.” !

!Joe shed a tear. Not as many as he shed the day he

read the letter. He balled like a baby, and stayed in a fog

for a couple of weeks after. “Yeah Johnny, Grandpa John

passed away. Wish I was there at the end. Wish I could

have had one last laugh with my dad before he died.”!

!“Grandpa die,” Johnny said.!

!“Yes, he did. I wonder someday if you’ll have a grandson named John,” speculated Joe. !
!“Me Johnny.” The dark haired boy hopped off Joe’s knee. He grabbed a ball on the floor. “Ball!” Johnny threw the ball to his dad. !

!“Nice throw.” Joe tossed it back. The nimble Johnny caught it with ease. “Wow! You’re a natural.”!

!Joe chuckled as Johnny did a little jig. “And you’re quite the dancer.” Joe held out his hands to little Johnny. The bundle of energy scampered back onto Joe’s knee, receiving a hug. “You and me gotta stick together.” ! !“I love Daddy.” Johnny hugged his dad.!

!A tear formed in Joe’s eye. “And I love you! And one thing I’m gonna cherish, is how we’re gonna grow this business I got going.” Joe smiled with affectionate at the fidgeting boy. He thought how the nine quarters of farmland hummed with Carl and the farmhands. Plus, they now operated six stills, all running flat out. They provided whiskey to over 80 bars and restaurants within three hundred miles. The last two whiskey stills they purchased were monsters. It set up the operation to graduate to the
!


big time of whisky production. “Yeah Johnny, farming and whiskey are quite the combination.”!

!Johnny stopped fidgeting. He stared into his Dad’s eyes. “Whiskey.” !
!“You, your brother Joseph and maybe one of the girls if your mother lets them, gonna take the farm and the whiskey operation to the next level. Cause I’m gonna teach you kids everything I know. That Katey sure got a head for business.” Joe assumed a serious tone as he spoke, “But what I’ve learned from dealing with a couple of gents in Regina. We’ll eventually think bigger than whiskey making and farming. A ton of business opportunities out there. That’s why you kids are going to get an education to go along with your real life learning.” Joe tickled his son again. “But first things first. We’re gonna start a company called Whiskey Joe’s.” !
!

!Late that night after Caroline had finished crying over the sad news about Mr. Boyko, Joe knew it was time to face the firing squad. For a dry mouthed Joe was about to explain the other news of the day to Caroline. !

!They sat alone at their kitchen table. His fingers

tingled. His breath quickened. Joe figured he was in for it. He wouldn’t even attempt one of his disarming smiles. That’d make it much worse with Caroline. She knew every trick in his charm book.!

!Joe thought this conversation would be even worse then the one they had concerning starting Whiskey Joe’s. She fought the idea, dead against it. Even though, it would
!


make the operation legal. In Joe’s mind this would have made the whiskey operation and their family more respectable, but not in her mind. !

!Caroline’s objections ran large, long and loud, to the fact now his whiskey making would be totally out in the open. Instead of her fellow church goers merely whispering behind her back about Joe’s sinful activity, now they’d openly scorn her and the family. !

!Once again, Joe beat Caroline to the punch. When she mentioned Father Kissel, Joe had taken care of the crooked church leader with the appropriate cash bribe. Sealing the deal when Joe flashed a rare pure gold cross pendant in front of the holy man. It sent his jewelry obsessed eyes to dancing. So with Father Kissel onside, finally, Caroline agreed. Although, she pouted for one week. !

!The ticktock of the clock was the only sound in the room. Joe summoned the courage. Eyes downcast, sweat streaming from his face as he went to speak, “I’m about to tell you something. It’ll support you calling me the devil’s helper. I, I swear I thought Molly was Fredrick’s child.” A cheerless Joe slumped in his chair. “But she’s mine.” Joe waited for the onslaught. “I’d have told you. I’d have tried to be a father to her. I’d have given money for her upbringing.”!

!Caroline tapped Joe’s knee. “It is okay Joseph.”!

!He looked up in surprise. “But Caroline, aren’t you mad?”!
!


!She flashed a knowing smirk. In her signature move, she placed her fingers on his lips. “I knew all along. I slipped Mrs. Boyko money each month.” Caroline ensured Molly was taken care of. “You’ve a lovely daughter there, in spite of her mother.” !
!
!One week later Joe shared a table at Wong’s Cafe with his newfound daughter. Molly wore a stylish well-tailored dress. She stared at Joe with those penetrating teenage eyes. !

!Joe squirmed in his chair. “Um, ah Molly, I recently learned that you’re my child.”!
!“Took you long enough to figure it out,” she said with a cheeky grin.!
!“You mean you knew?”!

!The blonde haired Molly giggled. She nodded her head with her ringlets hopping about.!
!“Was I the only one who didn’t know?”!

!“Only you and that dupa Fredrick.” She giggled again at saying the word ass. “But Mom insisted right up until two days ago. Then she finally confessed.” ! !“I’m so sorry Molly. I didn’t know.” !

!She pulled his nose. “Not to worry. I knew about the money Caroline was giving Grandma. And I know how good you were to my grandparents.” A freckle faced Molly, who wore no jewelry, grasped Joe’s hand. “Grandma is happy its all out in the open. She thinks your the greatest!”! !“How’s she doing?”!
!


!“Grandma and I miss Grandpa.” Her eyes began to water. “But.”!

!Joe squeezed her hand with tenderness. “If there is anything you need. Just ask. This morning I set up a bank account for you. I put money in it for your education or whatever you wish.”!

!Molly perked up. “Grandma’s teaching me all about

the sewing and design business. And Grandpa used to tell

me that your favorite saying was, Go big or go home!”!

!Joe admired the spark in her eyes, and the

enthusiasm in her voice. As he watched Molly, he realized

she received her shortness in the hight department, her

blonde hair and blue eyes from her mother. But many of

her facial features and overall bone structure were

definitely his. He kicked himself for not realizing it sooner. !

!“So, I want to run the Dress Shop one day.” She held

her head up high. “And have my own clothing line. And

even sell Grandma’s wild headwear. And, and those

handkerchiefs she made for Grandpa.”!

!Joe leaned back in his chair, roaring with laughter. “You really are my daughter.”!
!“I was so proud when I found out.” Molly leaned over and kissed him on the cheek. “Dad, I’m so happy you’re in my life.” She pulled out a handkerchief in the pattern of the Galician flag. “ And I sewed a present for you.”!

!Joe’s tears welled up. He swallowed hard. “Thank you Molly. I love you already daughter dear.” !
!She fidgeted excitedly. “And I want to take on your last name.” !
!

!
!
!
TWENTY-FIVE!
!
!

!July 1st of 1918 and the entire town celebrated Canada’s birthday at the seventh annual Ituna Fair. The long anticipated occasion promised all sorts of fun activities for every age. Joe gazed about, sighing with satisfaction. All the people who were important to him were right here. He wished this moment could last forever.! !Pride swelled in his chest as he looked with fondness

at Caroline and the kids, along with a fun loving Molly fitting right in. !
!He peeked over at his special friends: Danny and Gracie and their family, Sol and his wife, Paul the blacksmith and his family, along with Carl, Jimmy and many of the farmhands. !

!Even Joe’s newest friend, Henry Jacks and his family, journeyed out from Regina to enjoy the day. Of course, Mrs. Boyko, wearing a flamboyant multicolored bonnet, stood in the centre of things, helping with the children. Lovingly, she distributed her delicious food. Joe overindulged once again, patting his stomach. !

!Joe was thankful Anna didn’t show. Her animosity would have put a damper on this scene. She hung out in Yorkton these days, pursuing a new husband after
!


divorcing Fredrick. Once Fredrick received his life sentence for murdering her father. !

!“Come on Joe,” yelled Jimmy. “Please put Fly in the horserace.”!
!Joe shook his head.!

!“Come on mate,” Danny encouraged. “Mike’s horses

have won the Ituna horserace for the last 6 years.”!

!Big Henry threw in his opinion, “I’ve seen Fly run. No

horse could outrun that lightening bolt.”!

!Joe shook his head again. “Fly’s getting too old.”!

!“Or is it Joe’s getting to old?” Gracie	teased.!

!Right then a cigar smoking Mike Ivanov and a couple

of his thugs staggered by. They reeked of cheap booze.

Mike slurred, “What’s this about being to old?” He reached

out, slapping Gracie’s bum in her snug fitting pants. “Hey

boys! This tramp’s ass isn’t too old yet!” His cronies

enjoyed a hardy chuckle. !

!Danny, Carl, Joe and the men scrambled to their feet. An outraged Gracie whirled, smacking Mike across the face. “You’re a coward and a blackguard!” She kicked him in the balls. The huge man dropped to the earth, wailing like a braying jackass for the entire fairgrounds to hear.! !Gracie scooped up Mike’s lit cigar. She held it to his perspiring face. Mike wet his pants. “Be off with you. Or I’ll shove this lit cigar up your ass.” Gracie then kicked him solidly in that ass. She turned to his flunkies. “Boys, take away this trash! And Mike, if you ever come near me or my family again. You’re a dead man.” She kicked him in the ass one last time.!
!


!Danny thundered with laughter. “And all those years,

thinking me needed to protect her from assholes.”

Everyone joined in the joke. Mike’s thugs dragged him off

with a pain in his groin, and a badly bruised ego.	!

!“Now Joe, after that wouldn’t you like to kick his ass in

that horserace?” Sol inquired while touching his well fitting

spectacles. Those fancy new glasses purchased after his

last ones broke, when he sold the general store.!

!“No	pe, not worth it,” replied Joe.!

!Caroline interjected, surprising the group, “Oh yes it is Joseph.”!
!Two hours later Jimmy sat upon a long legged Fly at

the starting line. Jimmy stood as the logical choice to ride. He was the most skilled horsemen of the bunch and the lightest. A recovered and dry pants Mike entered three of his horses in the race. The Mayor limped around, making wagers with all takers.!

!Caroline whispered to Joe, “You are placing a sizable bet on Fly?”!
!“No, I didn’t.”!

!“Well, do it,” demanded Caroline.!

!“But Caroline, you hate gambling.”!

!“This isn’t gambling,” she stated. “Fly’s a sure thing. And besides I know how close you are to having the money for Whiskey Joe’s.”!

!“But, I thought you were against Whiskey Joe’s.”!

!Caroline put her fingers over Joe’s lips. “This could

take you closer to that number you need.” She gave him a kiss on the cheek. “Now do it Joseph!” !
!


!As they packed up the kids to head home, Joe turned

to Caroline, kissing her on the lips with all the kids giggling at their parents. “Kids. Your mother is one smart lady.” He whispered in his wife’s ear, “By fall, we’ll have enough.” !
!

!“Help! Help!” Ear piercing screams flooded the countryside in August of 1918. Joe and Carl perched on their fence in the farmyard. They discussed the upcoming harvesting of the crops, sharing a drink of water. As they continued to hear the screams for help, laughter broke out from both men. !

!“How long should we let him suffer?” Carl inquired.! !“Let’s go.” Joe hopped off the fence. “Let’s get our guns. And see what we’ve caught.”!

!The two men approached the hole which was a part of their trap. A well camouflaged hole, that’d reveal the person that caused them such chaos. Carl ensured anyone caught in the deep trap, would be begging to get out. Both men peered into the hole. Their guns were cocked and ready to blow someones head off, if they held a weapon.!

!Joe slumped his shoulders when he saw who stood down in their trap. “Why’d you do it?”!
!“You prick,” the frantic man yelled. “Now get me the hell out of here.” !
!Joe scowled at the culprit. “You hid enough dynamite here to blow the entire farm.” Carl and Joe rendered that dynamite useless the first time they found it. !
!


!“You’re a lucky prick! Pull me out before these.” The man screamed.!

!“But why?” Joe asked, still not believing his eyes.! !“I hated it when you sold the stills. And somebody paid me a bundle to join his team!”!

!Carl cocked his gun. “Were you gonna use that dynamite today?” Carl had to ask, even though the dynamite would have never gone off. But this traitor didn’t know that. !

!“Damn right! After the horse race, all bets were off as far as my boss.”!
!“You sleazy shit,” Joe yelled. “I treated you well.” ! !The captured man threw one of the snakes off him and screamed again, “And I wished I’d a shot you the night before your wedding.”!

!Joe kicked dirt in his face. “I ought to shoot you Sonny Belgrade!”!
!

!The following day Joe delivered Sonny to the law. There was now a Mounty stationed in the town of Ituna. Joe locked Sonny in a shed for the night. Carl and Joe rotated guarding him. They gave the man food, but no smokes. It drove Sonny crazy. Joe hoped the promise of a cigarette to a nicotine deprived Sonny, would help him co-operate with the Mounties during the interrogation process. !


!Charges were laid after a short yet effective interrogation. The no nonsense Mounty scared the hell out of Sonny with minimal effort. Joe listened in amazement. A
!


shaking Sonny confessed quickly to a few of the crimes against Joe. !

!Sonny never implicated Mike in any of the criminal activity. As well, Sonny never spoke of Joe’s whiskey operation. For that would have implicate himself as a key player. Joe gained an entire new respect for the police force. Re-enforcing to himself, he must never be caught. ! !As Joe exited, the Mounty turned to him, leveling a predator like stare. “Whiskey Joe, we are bringing in a special police team to nail your ass.”!

!Joe gulped. “I’ve no idea what you’re talking about.”! !“You’ve become too big.” The Mounty pulled out his revolver. “You must fall!” !
!
!
!
TWENTY-SIX!
!
!

!“How ya doing cousin?” Pete Kaminsky yelled. He

drove a rickety old wagon up to Joe and Caroline’s home, in the beginning of November in 1918. The unusually clean Pete guided the wagon close to the front porch. He hopped off, smiling from ear to ear. For the first time since arriving in Canada Joe noticed Pete had put on weight, shaved his beard and cut his hair short. He still chewed his tobacco. He spat out the crap every few seconds. ! !“What the hell do you want?” Joe asked. He straightened his back, eyeing Pete suspiciously. !
!


!Joe was packing up. He accumulated all the cash he required, currently stowing it safely in their bedroom safe. That cash would travel with him to Regina, contributing to his portion of the large new company. Joe’s dream was so near. Upon the cash being delivered, he’d finally sign the legal documents to create, Whiskey Joe’s. And stop that special police team in their tracks. For they were getting closer. !

!Joe eased off the porch. His entire body tight with a sickening feeling. “You got a lot of nerve coming around here.”!

!“Ah Joe, just want some water. On my way to town.”! !“Then go get some water.” Joe pointed to the well. “And get lost.”!

!“Wanna see what I got in here?” Pete stepped to the

back of the wagon.!

!“No Pete.”!

!“Come on!” A sly faced Pete ripped the cover off the

wagon. Pete reached in and pulled a blanket off the body

laying inside. “Come on and look. Taking it to town.” !

!Joe crept to the wagon, peeking in. Pete threw the

filthy blanket at Joe. Instinctively, Joe caught the diseased

ridden item. Pete leveled a wolfish grin at his surprised

cousin. Quickly, Joe threw the blanket back over the dead

body. “What the hell is wrong with you Pete?”!

!“Relax Joe, just a dead body.”!

!Joe stormed back to his porch. “Get out of here.”!

!“Don’t be such a wimp.” Pete snickered maliciously.

“Too bad this here stiff died of that there dirty black plague
!


sweeping the world.” He chortled, spitting out his black drool. He hopped on the wagon seat. “Sure glad Mike paid me to stop by to visit ya.” !
!

!Two days later a weak Joe stared at his lifeless baby son. Tiny Joseph, Jr. couldn’t fight that killer black plague. Tears flowed down a sick Joe with a haunted look on his face. A despondent Caroline slept in their room. She was all cried out after Joseph Jr’s death. Joe thought how death has followed his life. Tommy, Nicole, Mr. Boyko, his father and now baby Joseph. He wasn’t sure he could handle this last one.!

!“Joseph, it’s just not fare,” A dejected Joe said in a beaten flat tone. He shook his head, dropping it in total defeat. “Joseph, for the first time in my life, I truly prayed.” Joe rubbed his flushed face. “But, it didn’t do a bit of good.”!
!

!Johnny peeked at his father as Joe laid in his bed one day later. Joe breathed weakly, looking like a ghost. Johnny crept a little closer with apprehension. “Daddy.”! !Joe’s eyes opened. He turned to his son. “Johnny,” whispered Joe in pained breaths. “Take care of your mother and the girls.” Joe graced his three year old son with a warm smile. “Love you Johnny.”!

!The effort to speak took massive energy from Joe. So, he sighed and shut his eyes. ! !“Love you Daddy.”!
!


!Joe reopened his dazed eyes. He pointed at a his

Swiss Army knife in a sheath and his gold pocket watch on a night table. Both gifted to joe by his father. “Those are now yours Johnny.” Joe’s breathing became even weaker. ! !Johnny’s concerned eyes continued to watch Joe and his labored breathing. “Daddy sick?”!

!A few minutes later, a haggard looking Caroline

entered the room. She walked over and felt her husband’s forehead. Caroline took his hand, kneeling down beside him. “Joseph,” she said softly. !

!There was no response. “Joseph,” she repeated with more urgency. “Joseph!” Caroline screamed as she realized he was dead.!
!
!
!
TWENTY-SEVEN!
!
!

!Two days later Caroline embarked on a walk with all

the children. She shepherded them to Joe and Joseph Jr’s graves, which sat at the top of a hill a few hundred feet from their home. Caroline and the kids watched Carl set two well crafted tombstones in place. The children stayed with Carl. He possessed a magical way with all of them. ! !A forlorn Caroline returned to the cabin alone. To her shock Pete Kaminsky sat at the kitchen table, suitcase at his feet. He chewed his tobacco. Pete guzzled from a jug of whiskey. !
!


!“What are you doing in my house?” Caroline asked in a firm tone.!

!Pete wiped his mouth with his sleeve. “Having a drink. And this here is our home now.” He spat a stream of the black tobacco juice on the floor. !

!She took on her determined look. Caroline planted

her feet solidly on the floor. She readied herself for a fight. “Where’d you get the idea this was your place?”!
!“Ya needs a man Caroline,” Pete said in a matter a fact voice. “I’m kin. So I’m moving in.” He kicked his suitcase. “Unpack my bags woman!”!

!“Buster!” Caroline shouted. The huge husky stepped into the cabin through the open door. The dog flashed his killing eyes on the stinking man. Joe taught Caroline how to command their new dog. !

!Err! Buster let out a bone curdling growl. !

!Pete waved his hand at the dog in a dismissive manner. He enjoyed a hardy laugh. “Relax rover. Dogs love me. And woman, ya will love how I fuck you silly.” He scratched his balls. !

!“Get out,” muttered Caroline. She gritted her teeth, edging closer to Buster. Yet, the incredible strength in the lady never wavered. !

!“Come on woman, ya know you need me. Need me for more then running things.” He began unzipping his pants. “I’ll show ya what a real man can do in bed.” ! !“Get him Buster!” !
!


!Err! Err! The dog growled and snapped as he lunged

for the man. Pete fell off the chair, spilling his whisky. The next snap from Buster, ripped the man’s pants. !
!“Get out,” screamed Caroline. She hurled a cup from the table. It struck Pete on the arm. “And never come back.” !

!Err! Err! Buster lunged a third time, extracting a small chunk of flesh. !
!“Ouch!” A pained holler sounded from him. Pete grabbed his suitcase. He fled from the cabin with Buster hot on his heels.!
!

!“Get fucking packed up,” a cigar holding Mike

ordered. Mike rode into Caroline’s farmyard the day after she ran Pete off the place. !
!That first week of November in 1918 delivered unusually warm weather. Therefore, Caroline decided to hang the wet clothes on the outside line to dry. She was lost in her grief while working. She turned to Mike in a total daze. !


!The big Russian scanned the farmyard, sizing up the potential. He scowled at Caroline. He snapped his fingers, commanding, “Get moving wench. I’ll send some of the boys out to pick up you and your stuff in two days.”! !Unfortunately, Buster wasn’t near at hand. The dog was off with Carl and the kids on a walk. She came back to earth. Her jawline tightened. Caroline scrutinized the obnoxious man for a long moment. “Why would you think I’m moving?”!
!


!Mike pranced his large black horse closer to Caroline. “You need a man.” He pointed to himself. “And I’m that man.”!

!The sound of the horse’s swishing tail filled the air as Caroline continued to study the arrogant Russian. Not a hint of fear showed on the strong minded widow. “I don’t need a man.”!

!Mike enjoyed a lengthy deep chuckle. “You were always stupid. But you’re still a real looker. So I’ll take you.” He slapped his knee as he sniggered lasciviously. “And wench, I’ll take you hard!” !

!She stared with defiance into the man’s eyes, who towered above her on the horse. “I’m not going to live with you.”!

!“Don’t be stupid.” Mike waved his hand in a noble gesture. “And I’ll let you keep the girls with you.” He laughed with a sickening edge. “They might grow up to be pleasing. But that boy. Get rid of the little fucker!”!

!She folded her arms in front of her in another show of defiance. “No!”!
!Mike pointed his cigar at her. “Do what I say wench.” Mike spurred the horse. It caused the animal to stamp dangerously close to Caroline. “I’m not asking. I’m telling you bitch.” He slashed her with the reigns of his horse. ! !A determined Caroline didn’t flinch. She didn’t blink. Her feet stayed firmly in place, not giving an inch. “No! You’re Satan himself. Leave right now!”!

!A loud click sounded from a gun being cocked. A shot rang out. A bullet knocked the cigar out of Mike’s hand.
!


“You got one-second to get out a here. Or next one gonna go right between your snake eyes!” !

!The horse backed up, becoming skittish. “Woe.” Mike looked around in panic. He attempted to identify the speaker, as he freed a few drops in his pants. !

!The sound of the gun being cocked again echoed through the air. “Got lots a reasons to kill you,” Jimmy Cardinal snarled. He stepped out from the side of the woodshed. “And I’m about to blow your ass off that horse.” !Mike commenced a coughing fit which lasted a couple of minutes. Slowly, he wiped his sweating forehead. Mike pointed a threatening finger at Jimmy. “This is far from over.”!

!“Leave right now Mike,” Caroline commanded. “If you ever come back, I’ll shoot you myself.”!
!
!
!
TWENTY-EIGHT!
!
!
!Caroline shed many tears over the next week. She imagined many fears. Yet underneath, she stayed strong. Carl and the farmhands worked hard to finish off the last of the harvest activities, and to prepare the farm for the coming winter. Caroline instructed Jimmy to shut down the stills. She wanted nothing to do with the devil’s brew. !

!A prosperous Danny and Gracie journeyed out to provide support. Although, Danny needed more support
!


then he provided. Deep down he’d a huge hole in his heart with the death of his best mate. Also, Molly came and stayed at the farm, helping out with the children. She became better acquainted with her half brother and sisters. As well, she showed off the legal papers changing her name to Molly Kaminsky. !

!Jimmy returned from town informing Caroline that any threat from Mike was over. Mayor Mike died of the black plague. Jimmy felt a sense of calmness. For the man who orchestrated his twin brother’s murder, was no longer. ! !In addition, Jimmy smirked when he informed Caroline, Pete wouldn’t be returning to bother her. He said, “Pete’s in a much better place.” He pointed to the ground. “Six feet down there.” !

!Finally, before Jimmy headed back to Manitoba, which he never thought he’d do. He informed Caroline he got married. Getting married and soon to be a dad, were more things Jimmy thought he’d never never do. Caroline instructed Jimmy to sell the six whisky stills, and keep the cash. She wanted no part of that dirty money. That cash was his wedding present. !

!The aging Sol rode out. He was the executor of Joe’s Will. He too, suffered with Joe’s death. Sol kept shaking his head and muttering, “Thirty-three is too young to go.” He took Caroline’s hand. “Joe was like a son to me. Mrs. Goldstein and I will always be here for you.” !

!Sol explained her options. He laid out how, if she wanted to keep the land, using hired men, she could keep
!


the farm operating successfully. Also, with the Great war ending, there would be plenty of good labour available. ! !Although, she’d have to take the time to manage things. Sol offered to help. He guaranteed her that Carl would be very capable of overseeing day to day farm operations. He required little guidance. !

!Sol assured her things would be fine on the financial front. All providing she didn’t spend foolishly, or give her money away. There would be enough to provide for her family. Being careful and cautious, he hoped she would talk over major decisions with him. Exactly the way Joe did. Caroline listened to Sol, never disclosing the fact that Joe and her had a pile of cash hidden in their bedroom safe. !
!

!Father Kissel made the seven mile journey from Ituna

to the north farm in early December 1918. A tired Caroline greeted him with a heavy heart. She treated him with all the respect and fear she felt for the black robed religious man. Her tears flowed. He consoled her. He ensured the widow, that all would be well, providing she trusted in God and the Catholic Church.!

!Caroline felt her strength slipping when she asked, “Do you think I need a man to take care of me?” She wiped the latest round of tears. She wondered for a moment why she suddenly lost her confidence, her willpower, her courage? !

!“No, Caroline,” replied Father Kissel in his intimidating voice. “You must understand. The only thing you need in
!


your life is God and the Catholic Church.” He pointed his finger at his chest. “And most important, you must listen to me. Your spiritual beacon.”!

!“I’m worried about making ends meet. But Sol assures me I can.” !
!“God will provide my dear. If you are a true believer.”!

!“Oh Father Kissel, I am!”!

!“Are you really?” Father Kissel inquired with a harsh tone. !
!She hung her head. “I think I am.” !

!He hammered the arm of the chair. “I think not!” !

!“How	can I prove it to you?”!

!Father Kissel slipped a bible out of a pocket. “God will

provide us the answer. You must consider making a strong

gesture.” He wagged his finger, which was weighted down

by an expensive diamond ring. “Especially, after living with

a true sinner like Joe.” !

!Caroline wilted. “But.”!

!“I instructed you to have nothing to do with whiskey,” he bellowed at her. “How can you live with yourself?” He huffed. The indignant man slapped her with the bible. “You disgust me!”!

!“Please forgive me.”!

!Father Kissel threw the bible at her, hitting Caroline

on the head. “You are a disgrace to the Catholic Church!” The holy man grasped her arm. He shook her hard. “You were an accessory to his sinful activity. That makes you a sinner, sinner, sinner!” !
!


!Her entire body shivered, cowering in the chair. “Please, please forgive me Father Kissel!”!

!“An evil sinner,” he thundered. “You need to repent.” He struck her on the shoulder. “You need to make amends.” Father Kissel shook her one last time. He shoved an exhausted Caroline against the wooden arm of the sofa. !


!A long moment passed as she rubbed her bruised shoulder. She clutched at her necklace, fumbling for her cross. “I will Father! I will!” She fell to her knees. “I’ll do anything you want!” !

!“Then start by making amends with me.” He slapped her across the face. !
!Caroline hung her head in shame. She prayed for a minute. “Okay Father.” She leaped up, rushing to her bedroom for the cash. She stopped herself. What was she thinking? Her family needed the cash in the safe. ! !Caroline attempted to get a grip on herself, get her strength back. Her head swirled. The lack of sleep and stress overwhelmed her. But Father Kissel knew best. She cleaned out their safe, which Joe had showed her how to open when they were first married. !

!Caroline returned with a bag filled with cash. “There’s thousands of dollars here. Much of it received illegally. All this cash. All goes to your church.” !

!Theatrically, he retracted his hands in disgust. “That is filthy money. I shouldn’t take it.” He reached for the bag with greedy hands. “However, it can go to a good cause. So, I shall touch the ill gotten gain.” !
!


!“Oh thank you, Father! You’re so noble!”!

!Father Kissel clutched a gleaming gold cross pendant hanging on a chain around his neck. “But, this is as close to touching the devil as I have ever come.”!

!“Oh Father Kissel, I’m so sorry for putting you in this position.”!
!“And Caroline, now that my hands are already tainted by the whiskey cash, I may as well take away any of the devil's brew that sinner Joe hid around the farm.” With an actors skill, he pulled off an exaggerated face of a truly disgusted and repulsed man. “I can spill the evil spirits out for you. God's work is never easy.”!

!“Thank you Father. You’re an angel! Joseph did have

a number of jugs he was taking to Regina. Please, please destroy them.” !
!Father Kissel’s alcohol eyes danced with glee. His hands began trembling. “Certainly, I will ensure that disgraceful whiskey ends up where it belongs.” He held up the bag of cash. “This is a start. But what else will you do?”!


!A feverish look filled her face. Caroline held her head up high. “It is time to sell the land.” She glanced around the cabin. “I could move into town to be closer to your church and God.”!

!“Getting closer to God is the only way.” He gripped

her hand. “When you get closer to God, putting all your

faith and devotion in God, abundance arises.”!

!“You’re right,” Caroline agreed with conviction. “I need

to do something else to truly show my devotion.”!
!


!“Yes, Caroline. The more you sacrifice, the more you cleanse your blackened soul.“ !

!Standing, Caroline looked to the sky. “Lord! I wish to sell six quarters of land. I’ll donate the money I get to the Ituna Catholic Church.”!

!Father Kissel let out a sly grin, going for the entire pie. “That is a nice gesture. But, you still have three quarters of land left.”!

!She massaged her neck as she pondered. “But, but will my family suffer, if I were to?”!
!He waved a dismissive ring heavy hand. “Not to

worry. God will begin to shine rays of love towards you and your children for a generous offering. So I insist. I demand you make it as generous as possible.” !

!Caroline’s facial expressions said she was about to hand over the other three quarters of land, when Johnny burst into the room. The boy held a toy horse and cow. “Me farmer like Daddy!”!

!Caroline pressed her nervous hands to her cheeks. She bit her lip. She studied her remaining son for a moment, as Johnny played with his toy farm animals. “Oh maybe I’ll hold off on giving our last three quarters away.” ! !Father Kissel frowned at the young boy. He used the tone that was guaranteed to scare a child, “John, go to your room right now! Your mother is not done satisfying God.” !


!Johnny glared defiantly at the Priest. Slowly, he

moved towards his bedroom with a hostile and suspicious look in his eyes. !
!


!“Go on Johnny,” Caroline encouraged her son.! !“That boy has his father’s disposition,” grumbled Father Kissel. “We must scare that out of him.”!

!“I’ll ensure Johnny begins attending your church often.” !
!“Yes, I will whip the little heathen into shape. But, God needs more from you.”!
!She pondered for a long moment. An aura of giving returned to Caroline’s face. !
!Unobserved by the spiritual man, Katey poked her

head out of the kitchen with her fists clenched in rage. For she heard every give away word. She saw her mother fall under some sort of spell. Katey caught her mother’s eye, shaking her head, mouthing the words, “No, no, no.” !

!Carolin swallowed hard. Something felt wrong. She lowered her head. “I, I believe I’ll hold on to the last three quarters for now.” Guilt filled her again. “But I’ll dedicate myself totally.” She held her hands to the sky. “I’ll dedicate all my time and energy to you and the Ituna Catholic Church for the rest of my life. I’ll never take a penny for that labour!” She fell to her knees for the last time. “Lord and Father Kissel, I am your slave!” !

!Father Kissel grimaced at not snatching all the land. He’d revisit that issue later. A second passed as a smile formed on his face. Her slave declaration gave him cause to rejoice. A glow filled the wily Priest with his new found treasures, arriving in a variety of forms. !
!


!“Let us pray.” Father Kissel placed his holy hand on her shoulder. He squeezed it firmly. “And then we’ll expedite the sale of those first six quarters of land.”!
!

!
