ZGUYS


ipam




Smashwords Edition Copyright 2022 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Fun Facts:

In the American Colonial year of 1730, one English pound is about the modern day equivalent of U.S. currency of $20.00. 
Five English pounds equal about the modern day U.S. currency of $100.00.
50 English pounds are the modern day equivalent of U.S. currency of $1,000.00.
100 English pounds equal about the U.S. currency of $2,000.00
500 English pounds are the modern day equivalent of U.S. currency of $10,000.00.
1,000 English pounds is about the equivalent U.S. currency of $20,000.00.
10,000 English pounds equal the U.S. currency of $200,000.00.
50,000 English pounds is about the equivalent U.S. currency of $1,000,000.00.
100,000 English pounds equal about the U.S. currency of $2,000,000.00.
500,000 English pounds is about the equivalent U.S. currency of $10,000,000.00.
1,000,000 English pounds equal about the modern day U.S. currency of $20,000,000.

Another fun Colonial American history tidbit, in the year 1733, at the new Colony of Savannah, the first settlers are comprised of both numerous indentured servants and a handful of non-English citizens recording a grand total of 163 individuals, including children.
In the year 1734, the population total adds 355 persons.
In the year 1735, 81 settlers are added.
In the year 1736, 58 settlers are included.
In the year 1737, 32 settlers are delivered.
In the year 1738, the settlements add 298 indentured servants; a yellow fever epidemic hits the colonists.
In the year 1739, only nine indentured servants come to the British settlements.
In the year 1740, the settlement adds 138 individuals.
In the year 1741, six indentured servants are added to the settlement.
In the year 1742, 320 settlers join the settlements.
In the month of September, on the 29th, in the year 1742, the English Colonies, including Savannah, Darien, and the fifteen barrier sea islands recorded 1,847 British American colonists.
In the year 1743, the Colonies comprised 1,810 English citizens, 1,021 British American colonists, and 142 American children for a grand total of 2,092 individuals.

Within the new Colonial American settlements, the various work occupations included butchers, bakers, candle stick makers, farmers, planters, blacksmiths, wine maker, silk makers, wig makers, seamstresses, sawyer, bailiffs, merchants, leather makers, musicians, writers, and preachers.



City of Mobile, within U.S. State of Alabama 


Historically, on a sandy shoreline of white tinted sand grains, a small one-story brick-covered fortress stood beside the fresh waters of Mobile Bay. The Mabila Native American Indian tribe had lived and hunted on those fertile lands for centuries, until the year 1540 A.D., when the Mabila tribe were attacked from a sea expedition by a world Spanish explorer, who was named Hernando de Soto with his band of Spanish conquistadors.
Spanish explorer Hernando de Soto died on the foreign soil of the New World, seven years later along with most of his Spanish conquistadors. The rest of the starving Spanish soldiers and settlers integrated with the Native American Indian tribes or left the new land returning back to Spanish ships, traveling back home to the country of Spain.
In the year 1700, the French soldiers came to the new territory and then claimed all of the warm, rich Gulf coast shoreline, starting at the present-day city of Pensacola within the northern Florida panhandle region heading western towards the present-day city of Galveston within eastern portion of Texas, which was unnamed at the time.
In the year 1701, King Louis of France sent two French Canadian brothers, who were named Pierre Le Moyne d'Iberville and Jean-Baptiste Le Moyne, Sieur de Bienville to the new wilderness lands. They lived and protected the new land claims starting at the present-day city of Mobile heading westward ending at the present-day city of New Orleans for the Crown of France. Jean was named as the royal governor of the new lands, which was called La Louisiane.
In the year 1702, the French colonists came by sea ships and then settled down on top of the white tinted sandy shoreline, constructing Fort Louis de la Louisiane, on the Mobile Bay, the first capital of the La Louisiane territory.
In the month of March, in the year 1703, Little Easy became the famous nickname for the seaport city of Mobile and the capital city of the colonial French La Louisiane. This small group of implanted Mobilians organized and then celebrated its first Mardi Gras event here, within the New World. A Mardi Gras party involves people, who dress in an ornate costume, such like, a fairy, an animal, a mythological god or goddess, a silly circus clowns, or a Medieval royal prince or princess. No peasant attire is allowed here.
Each elaborate creation is decorated with colorful feathers, a specifically designed face mask, and a long glittery body cape carrying an elaborate themed-costume image. The Mardi Gras event is not a celebration of Halloween holiday while wearing a silly or horrible face mask, such like, a zombie, a mummy, a flying bat, a witch, but does carry a death theme. The Mardi Gras event is a celebration of life, right before Ash Wednesday, which is a day of somber peace with Almighty God or your current supernatural entity.
The Mardi Gras Day parade includes an array of colorful motorized floats featuring exquisite costumed riders, and sometimes, small live animals, leading towards the host house or the selected hotel ballroom for the one of many Mardi Gras masked balls that lasts until the wee morning hours.
Back in the country of France, within the year 1703, the Catholic bishop from the local church decided to screen and then provide a group of twenty-three young female virgins, who possessed virtue and piety and were accustomed to hard labor and diligence, for the French soldiers that were stationed in the New World, specifically at the French colony and fort which was named Fort Louis de la Mobile.
The sea vessel named Pelican sailed to the New World, docking at the new French colony of Mobile, in the year 1704, with adult passengers and twenty-three “Pelican Girls.” The nickname had been assigned to the set of young, twenty-three, twenty year old virgin females that debarked that day from the named sea ship.
On the same ship, with the twenty-three French young females, the sea ship stopped for supplies, in the city of Havana, within the present-day country of Cuba, where the passengers and crew members contracted yellow fever. The ship members brought the disease into the sea port of Mobile, where some of Mobilian colonists and almost all of the Native American Indians contracted the virus, very deadly. The city of Mobile received its first shipment of imported African slaves coming from a French supply boat at the French colony of Saint-Domingue, in the Caribbean islands.
By the year 1706, the seaport town of Mobile had grown to 279 persons and then descended down to 178 persons due to the yellow fever epidemic.
Yellow fever is a disease with a very short clinical duration, presenting symptoms of a fever, chills, loss of appetite, nausea, muscle pains, and a headache while displaying yellow tinted skin tissue. The bodily symptoms improve after five days. On the sixth day, the fever affects the body again, causing abdominal pain, liver damage, risk of bleeding, kidney problems, and another yellow-tint hue on the epidemic skin tone, right before the death act. Modern-day medication did not exist back in the year 1704. Yellow fever is caused by a virus which is spread by the bite of an infected female mosquito, that lives and breeds within a swampy wet dirt environment. 
In the year 1711, Fort Louis de la Mobile was abandoned due to the sea floods and the outbreaks of yellow fever cases, relocating the fort several miles downriver, constructing a new fortress the present-day confluence of the Mobile River and Mobile Bay. By the year 1712, the population had grown to 400 persons.
In the year 1720, the capital of La Louisiane territory relocated to the present-day city of Biloxi, within the US State of Mississippi. The seaport town of Mobile served a military division and a trading center. In the year 1723, a second fort was constructed and named Fort Conde, in honor of Louis Henri, prince of Conde.
For over sixty years, the French colony, Fort Louis de la Mobile had thrived with French colonists, until a nasty invasion force came from the foreign country of Great Britain, in the year 1763. The invading British came to the New World and captured the fort.
That same year, the Treaty of Paris was signed by two representatives from the continues of England and France, ending the Seven Years' War, where England had finally defeated France.
In the New World, after the battle, the country of France ceded the landmass starting easterly at the Mississippi River to the country of England, which became part of the British West Florida colony for King George, the third. The name of the French fort was changed to Fort Charlotte, after the wife of King George, Queen Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz. However, the British colonists and merchants in the New World were not eager to lose the useful French colonists, who stayed and thrived there at Fort Charlotte.
Over additional decades, the old and new merchants, traders, priests, and colonists coming from the established New World cities of Savannah, Georgia and Charleston, South Carolina assisted in the development and prosperity of the modern-day city of Mobile. In the year 1766, Fort Charlotte recorded 860 individuals living on the shoreline and surrounding fertile lands.
In the year 1776, during the American Revolutionary War, people fled from the northern cities and then hid inside the seaport of Mobile and the settlements of west Florida. When the rebel colonists were dealing with the Red Coats from the country of England, the Spanish king sent into the New World his Spanish conquistadors, who entered the American fight, in the year 1779, as an ally of France. The Spanish and France soldiers and leader worked together then made numerous land grabs taking back the western portion of present-day U.S. State of Florida, which had been lost during the Treaty of Paris.
The plot was successful.
Bernardo de Galvez, the governor of Louisiana captured the seaport of Mobile, during the Battle of Fort Charlotte, in the year 1780, and renamed the fort, Fortaleza Carlota, and held the fort and surrounding lands as part of the Spanish West Florida territory.
During the War of 1812, with the British king and his army of Red Coats engaged a second battle with the newly united USA. American General James Wilkinson captured the city of Mobile for the USA. In the year 1813, the seaport of Mobile, with a population of 300 individuals, became part of the USA, when President James Madison grabbed the land territory of western portion of present-day US State of Florida back from the country of Spain.
In the year 1819, the population of Mobile reached 809, when the Alabama Territory was granted statehood into the USA. The seaport excelled in sea trade and was aided by the introduction of a new mode of transportation, a river steamboat. By the 1822, the city recorded 2,800 individuals.
The Industrial Revolution propelled the seaport of Mobile into higher wealth growing fields of cotton, using free slave labor and creating food stuff, new clothes, and other home and business supplies for all types of residents, slaves, and visitors.
The Industrial Revolution is also known as the First Industrial Revolution, starting at the time period of 1760 towards 1840 A.D. The change from a hand-production method to a man-made machine era saw the creation of numerous items, such like, the steam power, the water power, the train locomotion, the manual typewriter, the photography machine, the sewing machine, and the cotton gin factory, just to name a few technological innovations. This new event marked a major turning point which affected the daily life of each worker. The average hourly money wage increased which increased the standard of living for every worker, producing a better lifestyle for each family unit or individual.
During the 1830s, the happier and wealthier citizens created a home mansion boom that spread throughout the city and surrounding lands in Mobile, until the Panic of 1837, with another type of yellow fever epidemic. The waterfront property developed sea wharves, seaport terminal facilities, and brick warehouses that held walls of cotton bales. By the year 1840, the city of Mobile was the second largest export of cotton bales behind the city of New Orleans, within the US State of Louisiana.
In the year 1860, the number of individuals were recorded at 29,258 people, where the city of Mobile was the 27th largest city, within the United States of America, and the fourth largest town, within the new Confederate States of America, in the year 1861. Mobile County held 29,754 citizens, with 1,195 free people of color. Cotton plantations numbered 1,785 owners of slaves, who held 11,376 people in bondage, which was one-quarter of the total population of 41,130.
The American Civil War started in the month of April, within the year 1861, the city of Mobile became a Confederate city. Towards the end of the American Civil War, at the Battle of Mobile Bay, the Union troops, arrived, captured and then controlled Mobile Bay, on August 5th, in the year 1864.
On April 12th, in the year 1865, General Robert E. Lee surrendered to the Union troops, at the Appomattox Courthouse, in the city of Mobile. After the American Civil War, the seaport town of Mobile was devastated by both war failure and the political control of the ruling party. By the year 1878, the personal income and business profits had dropped down from nine million dollars to three million dollars, in the year 1882.
Currently, within present day and times, the seaport city of Mobile holds 413,002 residents. The city is the third largest town, in the US State of Alabama. Within a sixty-mile radius, 1,263,013 individuals live, work, and play, which is surrounded by fertile crop lands and busy roadways with commercial businesses and residential homes near the seaport city of Mobile. Mobile is the only saltwater seaport on the Gulf Coast region and is the 12th largest seaport in the USA. The land mass of Mobile is 159.4 square miles with 117.9 square miles of flat land and 41.5 square miles of fresh water. The sea elevation stands at ten feet and three inches on top of Government Street and higher at 211 feet at the Mobile Airport facility.
Some of the historical neighborhoods include Ashland Place, Campground, Church Street East, De Tonti Square, Leinkauf, Lower Dauphin Street, Midtown, Oakleigh Garden, Old Dauphin Way, Spring Hill, and Toulminville.
The weather climate, in the city of Mobile, presents hot, humid summers in the months of May, June, July, August, September at 91 degrees Fahrenheit and mild, rainy winters in the months of December, January, February, and March at 40 degrees Fahrenheit. The lowest air temperature in the wintertime was negative one degrees Fahrenheit, on February 13, in the year 1899. A shower of white tinted snowflakes is rare within the city with last recorded snowfall sheet, on December 8th, in the year 2017.
The city averages 120 days-per-year with 0.01 inches of rain. The months of July and August are the wettest months with heavy thunderstorm activity along with dangerous ocean hurricanes.
Cast of Characters:


Samuel (Ace) Attila Smith, IV, military judge, USA Coast Guard base

Fawn Fong, fiancé of Ace

Buck, Guard soldier, friend of Ace

Jewel Gem Smith, 15 years old, daughter of Ace

Slick, Coast Guard soldier, friend of Ace

Samuel Attila Smith, Junior, grandfather of Ace
Saturday, June 29th


09:09 pm
Sizzling heated night with hot air temperatures
Moonlight beams with billions of twinkling stars

Mobile Church location
Rear lawn setting


The Mobile Church dirt, grass, and flowered campus encompassed 200 acres of flat land, including a tall and wide auditorium building, that held 1,000 people or lost Souls, as the preacher worded it. Around the massive structure, a set of separate buildings all in brownish-red tinted brick had been patented by the church administration for some non-celestial reason. A squat structure housed all of the eager, active, noisy, smelly and loud church children, starting at age one month up towards twelve years of age, who gathered inside the day care center or pre-kindergarten classes or the kindergarten classes for first to sixth grade, inside a massive academic school building in brownish-red brick also.
On the opposite side of the auditorium building, an entertainment structure provided a movie theater for two hundred people, a dining room setting for 1,000 hunger people, and assortment of other play rooms that housed rows of life-sized video booths for both teens and adults, a billiards table for the adults, a  pong-pong table for the teens, an indoor kitchen and fire house for the children, and an indoor playground setting for the toddlers, and other fun pieces of recreational equipment that amused both children and adults of all ages. Outside the entertainment building, a giant outdoor swimming pool offered fun water entertainment with a trained group of paid and professionally licensed life guards, which always saved a drowning Soul.

Use and abuse the pun!

A crystal clear pale blue tinted swimming pool was enclosed with a long and tall concrete wall which separated the massive plot of nicely manicured grassy lawn, where numerous picnic tables stood for eating and entertainment with the family unit or tow. For some wicked fun, the church administration had built a real artificial and lovely soft hilltop on top of the flat manicured grass and as the landmass in the beach town of Mobile was flat, fertile, and only several thousand feet from the Gulf of Mexico warm ocean waters, where the dolphins played and the fish swam, all day and night.
Each naked natural colored picnic table in light wood was located on top of the hilltop near the swimming pool concrete wall. In the front of the picnic tables, a nice curvy slope allowed all the children to roll down the fake hilltop towards the valley floor, for fun. At the bottom of the fake hilltop of nice short grass blades, a plot of manicured lawn was empty and ready for another happy Family Event at the Mobile Church grounds. The long and wide flat plot of manicured lawn led directly into a thirty feet smooth wall of concrete which was smooth and solid, where each non-raining Saturday evening, the church displayed a fun, family Hollywood movie film for free to the patrons and community members.
The middle of the hilltop was smooth grass blades for rolling down using your person. Each side was tiered and provided a nice plot of grass and some dirt for a cheap patio lounge chair, where you could enjoy the free movie film.
On the left side of the hilltop, Buck, his wife Beth, and his three sons shared two orange tinted cheap patio lounge chairs, waiting on the family friendly Hollywood movie film while he wrestled with the three boys, in the lounge chair, for fun. His three sons were four years, two years, and eleven months old. The boys crawled over their dad like a spider and then growled in his face like a bear and as Buck gently tossed each son down on top of the grass, hearing their childish laughter.
Beside Buck, his co-worker and friend Slick sat inside a green tinted cheap lounge chair and smiled at the active three boys. Sometimes, he grabbed out and grabbed a flying arm from the oldest son, who liked to hit and hurt their enemies, including their dad Buck.
Beside Slick, Fawn and Ace shared a specially designed red tinted patio loveseat-shaped lounge chair for two people. He leaned over and whispered into her face and as she talked into his mental mind, since she could not speak a work or a grunt a sound or cough out loud. They ignored the commotion around them and talked about their upcoming wedding ceremony.
The campus grounds were enclosed within a square-shaped ten-foot concrete wall that surrounded the city blocks, not that the Prime Creator or the Almighty Father told the preacher to do that, but the security wall protected the property and furniture items, and people from the local bad guys that wandered the city streets at night looking for food and trouble.
One solid side white tinted concrete wall, a row of nicely decorated wooden tables with a white colored tablecloth provided tons of free dry, cold, wet, and heated refreshments for the current attendees, which was manned by a group of volunteers from the church membership.
On the last table covered in a row of dirty, messy, smelly tin platters of spaghetti, tomato sauce, and meatballs, three females stood and huddled together, scanning the crowd, without cleaning up the messy platters, gossiping about each church person. Each female was thirty-one years of age, like Ace, and had attended and then graduated from the same private high school with their schoolmate Ace.
The three females were a trio of triplet girls, who continued to dress, act, live, and play together, residing at the home of their parents in Mobile. Each one wore a designer sleeveless, mini-sundress in bright yellow hue over an average height and slightly plump, suntanned body frame and a pair of fashion designer, matching high heeled sandals that sunk down into the soft grassy soil. The neckline, one wrist bone and one ankle bone, both earlobes, the middle and index finger displayed a set of emerald gemstone jewelry.
In the huddle, the third sister stood on one end and the first sister on the opposite end. The third sister reached out and shoved the body on her second sister, scooting sideways away from the table, standing in the semi-dark corner at the intersection of the side and the front white tinted solid concrete wall. 
Back on top of the sloped grassy hilltop, in the lounge chair, Slick continued to scan each person with suspicion which was his natural personality and mental psyche, stopping and staring at the huddle of three females. His eyeballs studied and as his mind did a triple view of three identical females. He examined the weird behavior of the three adult women and whispered for his eardrums only. "What trouble are thee cooking up here, my three unfair ladies? Shakespeare would be proud of my word selection."
In the wall corner, within the huddle, the first triplet female sneered, pointing her green tinted manicured fingernail, and stared at Fawn, who cuddled with Ace in their shared lounge loveseat on top of the grassy hilltop. "I see Ace. But Ace is sitting with an ugly girl? Who is that ugly girl with Ace? I don't realize her ugly face. I know all of the ugly girls here at the church. But I don't know that ugly female. Who is that ugly female?"
Her sister, the second triplet female laughed and pointed her matching green tinted manicured fingernail, like her sister's, staring at Fawn with a smile. "O! I see Ace, too. And that ugly girl is Ace's future wife, too."
She gasped in shock. "What!"
Her sister, the third triplet female smiled and pointed her matching green tinted manicured fingernail, like her two sisters, at Fawn also. "What planet had you been shopping on, sister dear?"
On top of the sloped hilltop, in the green tinted lounge chair, Slick did not shuffle his body and as his eyeballs followed the finger pointing from the three adult females, viewing the cuddled body of Fawn and Ace. Slick returned back and softly growled at the triplet sister females and their upcoming trouble.
In the huddle, on the front wall, the first sister frowned. "Update here, sister dear! We all had flown down to Miami, Florida for our annual clothes shopping trip, right before the wedding ceremony of Magritte to Attila Smith which was a couples of weeks ago? Where did that ugly female come from? Who is that ugly female? Who is that ugly female's daddy?"
The third sister frowned. "No one knows who she is or who her daddy is. Believe me! We returned back on Friday night. You went to bed or trying on your new clothes. Mother, she cornered me in the hallway and told me about the ugly female. That ugly female is a complete mystery and surprise. That ugly female had attended Magritte's wedding. Ace had introduced for the first time and told everything that he was in love and was going to marry her."
"What!" The first sister gasped in shock and continued to examine Fawn.
"When is Ace getting married? Who would wanna marry him anyways? He inherited that teenager girl, who is named Gem Smith. Her mother died in a mystery accident that had occurred somewhere here in Mobile or maybe out from Mobile. I didn't get all the information. Our mother didn't know either. But he has a teenager living in his house, too, along with that ugly female."
"What!" The first sister gasped in shock and continued to examine Fawn. "I wanna marry Ace."
"What!" The third sister turned and gasped in alarm at the first born triplet female. "What does your silly statement, sister dear?"
The first sister turned and smiled at the nose profile on Ace. "I have loved Ace, since the first grade, at our shared elementary school. I wanna marry him and become his wedded wife for the rest of my living days. Now, I find that he has went behind my back spine and brought home a tramp. I do believe that I need to do something about this delicate situation that has crept and crawled over my man Ace."
The second turned and laughed in the face on her sister. "Ace, he has never shown a love interest in you, since the first day at our shared pre-kindergarten class and on the last day of our shared graduation day, and definitely and defiantly not at our wild and crazy graduation party, either, sister dear."
The first sister smiled. "He kissed me. We dated. I was his only girlfriend throughout high school days and night."
The third sister winked. "Yeah, you and Ace dated, when he needed a piece of eye candy on his arm for one of the numerous teenly social events, like my manly idol, Austin Bartholomew Berrington. Ace went to military school. You went to the more sunny and more southern Miami. Yeah, you and Ace parted ways and talents and skills and kisses," she softly chuckled with the other triplet sister.
The first sister frowned. "The past is passed. I live in the present for the future. I wanna marry Ace. I am a true southern belle and a real native of Mobile. Does that ugly female live here in Mobile?"

At 09:11 am, the tall column of bright flood lights powered down for a few seconds and then quickly illuminated indicating that the Hollywood movie film was about to begin. The crowd started to settle down and watched a black tinted concrete wall without lights or action. A few seconds passed and as every person sat underneath the twinkling stars of the early evening night. The wall was still black hue, without lights or sound. Then, the tall row of flood lights illuminated again. 
A male voice shouted out loud through the hidden speaker boxes on each tall flood light. "Sorry folks! We're having a minor equipment problem with the laptop. Give us a few minutes!"
The crowd started chanting for fun. "Movie! Movie! Movie..."
On top of the artificial but lovely grass-covered hilltop, in the shared loveseat-shaped furniture, Ace jerked his face from her kiss and gasped in alarm. He was concerned about the crowd of bored children and annoyance teenagers and as he possessed a teen female, who demanded everything too. Also, he was applying for one of the two available Elder positions here at his church.
An Elder of the church is a Spiritual Leader, which is either a mature man or woman, who is the head of the family unit with a strong moral character; who fears the Almighty Father, obeys the words from Christ Jesus, and is filled with the joy of The Holy Spirit. The Spiritual Leader guides the patrons of children, teenagers, adults into wisdom, discernment, courage, fairness, and freedom, within the local communities, the local cities, the local Southern region, the entire State of Alabama, the entire United States of America, the entire North America continent, and then entire Planet Earth, including some of the known outer space realms holding a few devoted outer space aliens.
This was an opportunity to show-off his cool set of Elder skills, during the brief crisis with the faulty laptop equipment inside the tower building which was not exhibiting the rental Hollywood movie film for the family and kids. He turned and scanned the nosily crowd, smiling with his brilliant plan, returning back and leaned over, kissing her face. He pulled back then states, "I gotta go and implement my new rescue plan." He pulled back with soft laughter and swiftly stood upright from the cheap loveseat-shaped patio chair, tilting the piece of furniture towards the ground.
Fawn gasped in shock, without a sweet sound, and quickly leaned sideways in the opposite direction, before the cheap loveseat patio chair tumbled down the sloped grassy hillside towards the couple with the children in front of her feet.
Ace rapidly scooted around each sitting couple with children wearing a smile and slapped the side concrete wall, avoiding the running kids, the kissing teenagers, and the chatty couples, swiftly dashing down against the wall and then hit a flat ground of manicured grass, moving ahead towards the opposite side of the front wall.
On the other side wall intersection, within the huddle, the second sister gasped in shock and stared at Ace. "What is Ace doing over there? Where is Ace going? What is going on here with Ace and without us? Did we need to do something too?"
The third sister smiled at Fawn. "That ugly female does not live on our street corner. However, if you really wanna marry Ace, then we will make it so, sister dear."
"How are we going to do that?" The second sister turned and frowned at her sister.
The third sister swiftly scooted sideways and then stopped in front of the messy table with the row of smelly dirty, pans and platters, without offering to clean up the mess. She reached down and grabbed three objects off the hidden shelf, underneath the messy, smelly white tinted tablecloth, standing upright with a smile, shuffling back over the grass to her two sisters. She stopped and handed out each item with a smile. "I have some additional information that will help our first-born triplet sister and benefit Ace. Ace is applying for the elderly post here at the church." Each sister accepted the item and cuddled the object into her chest.
The second sister gasped in shock. "That's a big deal!"
The third sister smiled. "That's a very big deal. If Ace becomes an Elder here at our church, then he must be present at each and every social event. The admission of an Elder is so important, because only a married man or woman can apply for the post and the man or the woman is allowed to sigh affection in front of the masses, because the elder loves the spouse. And his wife will become a Lady Elderette along with all of the other Lady Elderettes, a super-duper honor coming from the church. She will stand beside Ace and greet each patron, like a true Princess of the South, to all of the church peoples."
"Did you hear that? Do you see that?" The first sister nodded with a stern face and slapped her face. "This is an important honor for me and Ace, not that ugly female. I bet that ugly female does hail from here in Mobile either. She never has attended church with us or Ace. That ugly female will ruin his chance at the Elder post. There are only two open positions here at the church. Each Elder assumes the position of an Elder, until his or her death day. Right now, the Elder committee is composed of mature men and women, who are not sick with an illness or close to their death day. This is Ace's only chance. Do you see that?"
The second sister nodded with her stern face then shared. "Yes, I see, and I hear, too, sister dear."
The other food servers were cleaning and clearing the rows of dirty, messy, smelly tin plates, platters, and dishes for the evening on each assigned wooden table, before retiring from their voluntarily church job, enjoying the fun, family Hollywood movie film with their family unit.
On top of the flat level grass plain, Ace stopped at the command station, which was a lonely, naked wooden table, holding some of the rusty, crusty, ugly, and weathered elderly male and female Elders, who watched over the crowd control and security of the families and friends. He leaned down with his grin into one of the sour faces then greeted. "Hey, Howie! Do you possess a portal microphone? I wanna..."
"What are you doing over here, Ace?" Howie stated and leaned back from the invading smile on Ace and wear a red tinted short-sleeved shirt, a pair of blue tinted walking shorts, a pair of yellow tinted athletic sneakers with a pair of orange tinted socks. He slapped gray tinted hair strands across the bald spots over the bone skull, displaying a pair of hazel tinted irises, a tone of olive tinted skin, snapping with annoyance. "You are not an Elder and you are not allowed over here with the table of Elders. Get back now! Go back to your seat, Ace!"
Ace winked with his smile then shared. "I'm saving the moment as I am a good Elder."
Howie sneered then stated. "We should see, Ace. An Elder..."
"Here, you go, Ace!" A female Elder announced then smiled at Ace and handed a portal microphone to the young, ingenious man, who was a working military judge and an upcoming husband to a sweet, mute girl named Fawn.
The Elder position is always a competitive post within the church administration. The Elder position is an honorary title that does not get a man or a woman through the heavenly gate, but the Elder post stowed a degree of respect from the church people and the community members that helped the church raise money funds and keep the city of Mobile respectable and clean.
Ace accepted the microphone and nodded to the female Elder then said. "Thanks, Georgina!"
"What are you going to do with a portal microphone, down here, Ace?" Howie asked then sneered at the obtuse young man.

At 09:14 pm, Ace didn't explain but smiled at the row of elders and spun around, dashing into the middle of the manicured lawn, in front of the solid white concrete wall, waving one arm in the air and spoke into the portal microphone. "Hey! Hey!" The crowd started to settle down. He continued. "Hello! Hello! My name is Ace. Yeah, my man is the same noun as a poker card," he laughed with some of the patrons. The other snobby patrons gasped in shock.
In the control tower, the controller watched the crowd and Ace with a smile, flipping on a spreading green tinted laser beam that bombarded the grass, the solid wall, and the upright body on Ace, making all of the items glow in green hue.
At the command table, Howie pointed at Ace and shook his head of balding, gray tinted hair strands that did not cover his front or rear bone skull. He stated, "Did you hear that? Did you see that? He jokes too much with his bad attitude and ill-bred manners of a southern rebel, not southern gentleman."
The female Elder laughed then stated. "Ace has always carried a bad attitude, since his parents were murdered here in Mobile. I can pardon that."
"I cannot pardon that."
"You are not the only one on the Elder Committee, Howie!" The female said then laughed.
In front of the solid wall, Ace continued to stand with a smile and waved his arm at the loud nosily crowd, speaking his words into the microphone. "Calm down! Calm down! I'm up here to entertain you, until the laptop works ago, showing the movie film. How about we all sing a song? Does everything know the words to Down by the Bay?"
The crowd roared in union, "Yes."

Down by the Bay is a children's musical song. The words were written and performed by musical artist Raffi, playing on his 1976 musical record album, which was entitled Singable Songs for the Very Young.

Ace nodded with a smile and slightly swayed his body on top of the grass with fun then replied. "All right! That's great! Everyone, calm down, so we can sing together. I will sing the first repeating verse and then you join me for the repeating the same verse. Then, I will sing out the funny question, alone and in harmony," he chuckled with some of the audience members. "Then, we all sing the repeating verse again and then I will sing out another funny question, alone and in harmony. Does everyone get the musical sequential pattern? Good!"
In the semi-dark wall corner, within the huddle of triplet females, the first sister frowned down at the object. "What is your plan, sister dear?"
On the sloped hilltop, Slick continued to stare at the three triplet females and leaned over, whispering into the cheekbone on Buck. "Hey, Buck! Do you see the three Wayward sisters in the semi-dark corner at the intersection of side and front concrete walls? I do believe that they are up to some no-good and evil intentions."
Buck exhaled with annoyance his co-worker and friend. Slick possessed a suspicious personality and an active mental psyche, since his infant birth that created a quiet, insane person. Buck briefed looked up with a smile and glanced at the triplet females, who were a familiar presence at each church function, except for the past two weekends. Then he grunted in pain and returned back, exhaling sour breathes at his two sons, who had punched his tender guts for fun.
Slick turned and smiled at the two active boys, who enjoyed slapping their father with love taps that were hard and painful.

Boys will be boys!

The crowd of church people roared in union at the posed question from Ace, "Yes."
At the semi-dark wall intersection, away from the last messy, smelly food table, the third sister dashed ahead with a set of giggles ahead towards Ace. Her two sisters gasped in shock and followed the back spine on their sister in silence.
In front of the white tinted concrete wall, Ace nodded with a grin and started to sing with his natural baritone voice, without a musical instrument or a portal organ, through the portal microphone to the crowd of watchers. "Down by the bay. Where the watermelons grow. Back to my home, I dare not go. For if I do, my mother will say." He smiled with the crowd starting to sing out loud. "Down by the bay..."
The triplet females dashed from their assigned dirty, smelly food table and stood around Ace, holding a microphone also, singing in a trio of sweet soprano voices, like a trio of heavenly angel girls, of course, "Down by the bay..."
On top of the flat grass, Ace turned and frowned at the older triplet female, still singing in perfect baritone pitch with the rest of the crowd. "Where the watermelons grow..."
"Where the watermelons grow," the trio of girls sung in perfect soprano harmony and as they also sung in the church choir. The crowd of patrons roared with delight and started clapping for the triplet females.
Ace returned back and smiled at the crowd of musical voices while singing the rest of the musical tune. "Back to my home..."
"Back to my home..." the trio of girls continued to sing in perfect soprano harmony.
On top of the hilltop, Buck was busy playing with his three sons. His wife Beth calmly sat and carefully watched over her husband and her three young children, reacting to an emergency. However, Buck was a strong man, a great husband, and a wonderful father, carefully playing with each son, using his set of strong muscles.
On top of the flat grass, Ace smiled and sung in perfect baritone pitch with the rest of the crowd. "Back to my home."
"Back to my home," the trio of girls sung in perfect soprano harmony.
Slick jerked his smile from Buck and the three kids and stared with a worried brown at the three females with intrigue. He had been birthed in the beach city of Mobile also. However, no one knew that information and as Slick kept his true identify a secret from everyone. But he also knew the triplet females, who were sisters and lived with their parents. The triplet females were very wealthy and didn't need to work, only play and have fun. Now, the triplet females were standing too close to Ace and singing with the judge.
On top of the flat grass, Ace smiled and sung in perfect baritone pitch with the rest of the crowd. "I dare not go."
"I dare not go," the trio song in perfect soprano harmony.
Slick did not move his skull but darted his two eyeballs, studying Fawn, who was a mysterious girl, as well. Fawn continued to sit with happiness and danced in the loveseat, mouthing the words of the familiar child's song, without a musical tone or a vocal sound.
Fawn was another intriguing fascination too. But Slick would never investigate Fawn, without Ace's permission in the format of verbal, written, electronic, and sworn promise to Almighty God. But she didn't seem jealous or worried about the triplet females. However, she should become greatly concerned.
On top of the flat grass, Ace smiled and sung in perfect baritone pitch with the rest of the crowd. "For if I do."
"For if I do," the trio of girls sung in perfect soprano harmony.
Slick darted his eyeballs and studied the triplet females and did not move his body, leaning over, whispering into the cheekbone on his friend Buck. "Did you see the Wayward sisters down there around Ace?"
Buck continued to wrestle with two of his sons and gleamed up at the three girls that surrounded Ace, like a trio of groupies. "Yeah." He returned back and laughed, playing with his two sons.
On top of the flat grass, Ace smiled and sung in perfect baritone pitch with the rest of the crowd. "My mother will say."
"My mother will say," the trio of girls sung in perfect soprano harmony.
On top of the hilltop, a worried friend Slick stared at the triplet females. "Are you worried for Ace and Fawn?"
Buck smiled and played with his children, "Naw."
On top of the flat grass, Ace smiled and sung alone without the rest of the crowd. "Did you ever see a moose kissing a goose?"
"Down by the bay," the trio of girls sung in perfect soprano harmony.
The crowd of church people exploded into applause and laughter honoring the quartet of talented singers. Some of more daring, bold church members shouted out loud their individual comments in the air waves, for some entertaining fun. "Naw!"
"Yeah!" A female voice screamed out loud from the crowd.
"No!" A male voice shouted out loud from the crowd.
"Nope!" A second male voice hollered out loud from the crowd.
"Yes. Yes. Yes!" A second female voice in soprano shouted out loud from the crowd.
"Yeah!" A third female voice in alto timber laughed out loud within the crowd.
"Maybe!" The last male voice yelled out loud from one of the sitting church members.
On top of the hilltop, inside the green tinted cheap lounge chair, Slick continued to stare at the triplet females and whispered into the cheekbone on Buck. "You should become greatly worried for Ace."
Buck laughed and as his two sons liked to punch his hard muscles, whispering back to Slick, "Why should I become worried about Ace? Ace can take care of his person. Or his Resources do it for him. Have you ever met? That's the wrong word. Have you ever seen one or more of his Resources?"
On top of the flat manicured lawn, Ace smiled and waved to the crowd, signaling the start of the sing again. "Down by the bay."
The triplet females sung in a trio of sweet soprano voices, "Down by the bay..."
Slick ignored the questions and whispered back. "The three Wayward sisters are trouble and will create trouble for Ace."
"Do you know the three pretty girls? You should know the three females. They are a set of triplets and attend church services each week here at the same church campus."
On top of the flat manicured lawn, Ace smiled and sung with the crowd. "Where the watermelons grow."
The triplet females sung in a trio of sweet soprano voices, "Where the watermelons grow."
On top of the hilltop, Slick did not move and whispered back, "They are the triplet sisters and live here in Mobile and attend the same church with us and Ace. Did you ever see them, Buck?"
"Naw! I see my beautiful wife and my three active boys, all the time. Why are you worried about the three sisters that are only singing with Ace? Ace has saved the moment of disaster with his awesome singing talents. The crowd would become both horrible and terrible including all of the children, if the movie film didn't start on time."
On top of the flat manicured lawn, Ace smiled and sung with the crowd. "Back to my home."
The triplet females sung in a trio of sweet soprano voices, "Back to my home."
Slick exhaled with annoyance and decided to educate Buck. "Do you know what the term, Wayward sisters, represents?"
Buck said. "Yeah."
On top of the flat manicured lawn, Ace smiled and sung with the crowd. "I dare not go."
The triplet females sung in a trio of sweet soprano voices, "I dare not go."
Slick gasped in shock. "What!"
"Ugh!" Buck laughed and as his son jumped on his stomach. He continued to play with two sons. The smaller son was asleep on top of a soft blanket on the soft grass blades. Buck smiled. "Wayward is the last name of the sisters."
On top of the flat manicured lawn, Ace smiled and sung with the crowd. "For if I do."
The triplet females sung in a trio of sweet soprano voices, "For if I do."
On top of the hilltop, Slick smiled. "I'm impressed, Buck."
Buck gasped in shock when his son slammed into his leg. "I am not, Slick! What is your point here?"
On top of the flat manicured lawn, Ace smiled and sung with the crowd. "My mother will say."
The triplet females sung in a trio of sweet soprano voices, "My mother will say."
On top of the hilltop, Slick whispered back to Buck and continued to sit and watched Ace and the three females. "The Wayward name is referenced in the Macbeth play by William Shakespeare. Do you recall reading the play Macbeth? Do you know William Shakespeare?"
Buck said. "Yeah."
On top of the flattened manicured lawn, Ace sung alone. "Did you ever see a whale with a polka-dotted tail?"
"Down by the bay." The triplet females sung in a trio of sweet soprano voices.
The audience of church people laughed and clapped for the singers, while the computer technicians continued to work on the Hollywood movie film without success. However, Ace was entertaining the crowd with delight and with jealousy from a few of church elders.
On top of the hilltop, Slick said. "William Shakespeare was the greatest writer and a poetic genius in the world, writing 39 plays both in tragedy and comedy. Did you know that, Buck?"
Buck continued to play with his two sons. "Yes."
On top of the flat manicured lawn, Ace continue to smile and sway his body while starting to sing the repeating verse with the crowd. "Down by the bay."
The triplet females sung in a trio of sweet soprano voices, "Down by the bay."
On top of the hilltop, Slick continued to stare at Ace and the three sisters talking back to Buck, 
"Days and nights, during William Shakespeare's time, the method and techniques of writing, grammar, spelling and pronunciation were not standard, like my boring English grammar class in my elementary school. Thus, William was able to influence and shape the English language that affects us all here within the modern days. The expression named, with bated breath, came from the Merchant of Venice by William. A second expression named, a foregone conclusion, comes from the play Othello by William, also, where lots of modern people use and say, without understanding its origin. Did you know that, Buck?"
"Naw." Buck laughed and continued to play with his two sons.
Voice of Ace sung through the microphone along with the crowd. "Where the watermelons grow."
The triplet females sung in a trio of sweet soprano voices, "Where the watermelons grow."
Slick said. "William Shakespeare died, in the month of April, on the twenty-third day, in the year 1616, at the age of 52 years old. He signed his Last Will and Testimony document within a month of his death day which stated on the legal document that he was in perfect health. Did you know that, buddy?"
Buck smiled. "Bill was really young."
Ace sung with the crowd. "Back to my home."
The triplet females sung, "Back to my home."
Slick smiled, "However ..."
"There is always the word, however." Buck laughed out loud and continued to play with his two sons.
Ace sung with the crowd. "I dare not go."
The triplet females sung, "I dare not go."
Slick said. "However, William Shakespeare has been dead for over 230 years. The base of modern historians believe that William did not write all of his plays and poems. They modern historians believe that another author wrote the plays and the poems, but they cannot decide on the specific writer either, as usual. Either Francis Bacon or Christopher Marlowe or Edward de Vere, the 17th Earl of Oxford are all in the running for the true authorship of all of witty and clever stage plays and numerous nasty and lovely literature poems coming from a fake and pretend human, who was named William Shakespeare. What do you think about that, Buck?"
"The dead is dead." Buck laughed again and played with his two sons.
Ace sung with the crowd. "For if I do."
The triplet females sung, "For if I do."
Slick laughed then shared. "That’s a profound statement, Buck!" He stated. "Also, there is a conflict in the religious state of William Shakespeare. His family claimed the Catholic faith. However, during his time in the country of Great Britain, practicing the Catholicism was against the King's law with a death penalty or an exile from the country. Did you know that Buck?"
"Who cares!" Buck smiled.
Ace sung with the crowd. "My mother will say."
The triplet females sung, "My mother will say."
Slick laughed out loud. "That's a great joke. The same base of modern historians claim that William Shakespeare was a gay male, not a straight male, which is written in his sonnets that depict passages of intense male friendship with another male, not male-female romantic love. What do you think about that, Buck?"
"Who cares!" Buck grinned.
Ace sung solo with a smile. "Did you ever see a fly wearing a tie?"
The triplet females sung, "Down by the bay."
Slick chuckled. "Another great joke! And William Shakespeare was buried two days after his death. His epitaph carved into the stone included a curse against moving his bones. It translates something like this: Good friend of Brother Jesus do not move my bones else you will be cursed."
Buck moaned. "Geez! William left behind a curse on his dusty bones. What an asshole?"
Ace sung with the crowd. "Down by the bay."
The triplet females sung, "Down by the bay."
"I agree." Slick chuckled. "And finally, the modern-day busybodies are whining that they have not found a pic of William Shakespeare. His physical appearance is missing from painted portraits and statutes. Thus, he did not exist. What do you think about that, Buck?"
Buck frowned. "Why are you bugging me about a dead man from 230 years ago?"
Ace sung with the crowd. "Where the watermelons grow."
The triplet females sung, "Where the watermelons grow."
Slick laughed. "That's a good point, my friend." He smiled. "Now, back to my point!"
"What is your point, again, my old friend?" Buck smiled down at his two playful sons.
 Ace sung with the crowd. "Back to my home."
The triplet females sung, "Back to my home."
Slick frowned down at the triple sisters. "The three Wayward or weird or witch sisters never are apart in the play. They do everything together."
Buck faked a smile at his two sons. "Yeah, I had to read that silly ancient play. I didn't really like literature, only science and math. What is your weird point, here, Slick?"
Ace sung with the crowd. "I dare not go."
The triplet females sung, "I dare not go."
Slick nodded and continued to stare down at the triplet sisters. "Did you see the standing triplet sisters on the concrete side wall, alone and lonely, in front of the spaghetti table? They look just like the Wayward sisters from the play Macbeth with a set of chappy fingers, skinny lips, and beards."
Buck laughed. "The spaghetti and meatball platter were good." He burped out loud and then smiled, rubbing a bloated abdomen. "And my tummy thinks so also," he chuckled and continued to play with his two sons. "I don't see a beard on any one of these women."
Ace sung with the crowd. "For if I do."
The triplet females sung, "For if I do."
Slick smiled. "Each one of their pale colored faces wears a black tinted mustache, like a man. One day, accidentally run into anyone of them, then you'll see it," he laughed with Buck.
Ace sung with the crowd. "My mother will say."
The triplet females sung, "My mother will say."
Slick said. "Do you remember the first scene in the play Macbeth? In Act 1.1, three sister witchy hags in strange and wild clothing, resembling the creatures of the elder world, greet and meet gossiping about Macbeth. Well, replace the name Macbeth with the name of Ace. We got a problem, Houston!"
Buck laughed. "You got a problem, man!"
Ace sung solo to the crowd. "Did you ever see a bear combing his hair?"
The triplet females sung, "Down by the bay."
Slick frowned. "No, I do have the problem here. Ace has the problem here. These three witchy Wayward sisters are up to no good, just like the three Wayward sister witches in the play Macbeth."
Buck frowned. "Get a life, Slick!"

At 09:22 pm, around the church campus ground, behind the solid concrete wall, the columns of tall city street flood lamps blinked off and then on coming from the human controller inside a hidden control booth on the second floor of the entertainment building. Ace stopped singing along with the three sisters and smiled to the audience.
A male voice from the tall tower building loudly announced over each one of the hidden speaker boxes. "All right! We have got the Hollywood movie film working. Thank you, Ace and the girl group of angelic singers. Please take back your seat and wait for the beginning of the new family-friendly movie film."
Ace dashed ahead with a smile at his awesome idea while impressing the present Elder committee members, slowly climbing back up the slightly sloped hilltop of short grass blades, moving back to his friends Buck, Slick and his fiancé Fawn. He arrived and stood beside a seated Beth and exhaled with delight at his fun time. The triplet females swiftly followed the back spine on an upright and stationary Ace and collided into his body, wrapping all of their loose arms around his hard muscles, trying not to tumble down the hill slope while giggling out loud.
In the cheap yellow tinted lounge chair, Coast Guard solider Buck gasped in shock but could not remove his two sons from his body, still sitting on top of the cheap yellow tinted lounge chair.
In a green tinted cheap lounge chair, Slick turned and softly growled at the three females, who were still wrapped around Ace, without offering any manly assistance.
In the shared orange tinted loveseat chair, Fawn turned with a smile and then gasped out loud in confusion, staring at the unfamiliar, three adult females, who knew Ace and were wrapped around his body, like a playmate.
Ace grunted out loud from the three female attack and wiggled to freedom, dropping down on the grass, crawling away from the three females and tripped over each set of naked toes on his friends Buck and Slick. He slowly stood upright with a sneer and spun around, staring at the huddle of three familiar faces, who belonged to three former high school friends. "What in the hell?"
The first born triplet sister cuddled with her two sisters and stared at Fawn, "Hello, thee!"
Slick gasped in shock and leaned over with a whisper into the cheekbone on Buck. "Now, this is Act 1 Scene 3. A she-ghost will not speak until spoken too. That's the first line from the three sister witches, when Macbeth arrives on the scene with his dear friend. Hail, thee!"
Buck frowned at the three triple sisters and whispered back to Slick. "I read that boring play too."
The second born triplet sister turned and smiled at the nose profile on Ace. "Hello, Ace, the judge of the court."
The third born triplet sister turned and smiled at the nose profile on Ace. "Hello, Ace, the elder of the church."
The first born triple sister turned and smiled at the nose profile on Ace, slapping her chest. "Hello, Ace, the groom of the bride," she giggled with her two sisters.
Slick continued to sit in the cheap patio chair and shouted out loud using the words from the play Macbeth, in Act 1, Scene 3. "Good sir, why do you start and seem to fear things that do sound so far? I am the name of the truth. Are you fantastical or that indeed which outwardly you show? My noble partner Ace you greet with present grace and great predictions of noble having and of royal hope that he seems rapt with all; to me you speak rot. If you can look into the seeds of time and say which grain will grown and which will not? Speak then to me, who nor beg nor fear your favors nor your hate."
The second born triplet turned and stared at Slick with confusion. "Huh!"
The third born triplet sister turned and viewed Slick with the same confusion. "Huh!"
The first born triplet sister turned and stared down at Slick with confusion also. "Huh!"
Ace pointed his finger at each girl and laughed out loud. "This is Holly, Molly, and Dolly! These are my two best friends and my best girl, who don't wanna know you, either. So, goodbye, triplet threat! Go and find another set of seats someplace else, before the movie starts, and you miss the introduction music. I love hearing introduction music of each movie film." He slid down with laughter and cuddled with Fawn. Fawn waved her hand to the three females, when the columns of flood lamps flicked off. Then, a bright light illuminated on the solid concrete wall, starting the Hollywood movie film. Ace cuddled with Fawn and whispered into her face. He knew the contents of the movie film and wanted to point out all of the funny scenes.
Beside Beth, the triplet females continued to stand in the dark, among the twinkling stars scanning the crowded hilltop, without seeing an empty spot or three for a fanny. They left Ace and his friends, carefully scooting each seated couple with children.
Slick continued to sit and laughed out loud, pointing into the empty air waves. "The earth hath bubbles, as the water has, and these are of them. Whither are they vanished?"
Buck reached over and slapped down the arm on Slick, laughing out loud. "They vanished into the wind. Shut up and watch the movie film!" His two sons sat down on his lap, staring at the bright light on the rear solid concrete wall, where the movie film would display, still wiggling on each kneecap on their father.
The triplet sisters found an open corner, in front of the swimming pool protection wall, sitting down on top of the dry, dirty grass, without a chair or a blanket. They had not planned to stay for the movie presentation, only completing their church duty, which had been assigned by their parents. However, since, Ace was present, the first born triplet wanted to stay and try to talk to Ace alone while her two sisters distracted that ugly female away from Ace. 
Back on top of the sloped hilltop, buck leaned over and whisper into the cheekbone on Slick. "Why are you comparing the triplet sisters to the three witchy sisters in the play Macbeth?"
Slick exhaled with worry about Ace. Ace had retired from his career job and possessed a teenage daughter, who was going off to college next year, making him free. Slick also wondered about Fawn. She was a nice girl but could not talk to another person, including Ace.
Slick thought Ace had felt sorry for the young girl and protected her body from that group of nasty goons, acting out the role of a hero. He could not see Fawn and Ace getting married and living the rest of their lives together in silence. Ace was not a quiet guy but a loud mouth rebel running his own life and his own destiny, without a care in the world and a bank account of unlimited monies.
Slick exhaled with worry and whispered back to Buck. "I noticed the triplet sisters during the picnic. They were watching Ace. Then, they decided to sing with Ace. Then, they decided to engage with Ace, right in front of me and you and Fawn. I don't like the three sisters. And Ace is trying to become a member of the Elder committee. I do believe that he is too young; but he is not working a career job anymore and loves his community and his church. So, it makes sense that he wants to become an Elder member serving his home town and his home church. However, for Ace to become an Elder, he must be married. That is the only qualification Ace is lacking for the Elder post. Once he marries, Ace will receive the post and do very work for the church and the community."
Buck smiled. "Ace is going to marry Fawn next week."
He frowned. "Really?"
Buck grinned. "Really!"
Slick said. "Really!"
"Do you not believe Ace?"
Slick frowned. "I’m surprised with Ace. Ace has not been his usual asshole self lately."
"Ace is bored and is looking for a new adventure."
Slick said. "I agree. Ace is bored with lots of people, places, plants, pets, and persons."
"O! I believe I know what you mean," Buck nodded with worry.
Slick exhaled with worry. "Yeah, I mean that. Interestingly enough! The triplet sisters are following the pathway of the three witchy sisters in the play Macbeth."
"Is that good or bad?"
Slick buzzed his lips and continued to whisper into the cheekbone on Buck. His two sons moved down and sat on the grass, watching the movie. Slick said. "I do believe is it bad. The triplet witchy sisters are the three goddesses of destiny. In Act 1, Scene 1, the triplet witches meet and discuss Macbeth. In Act 1, Scene 3, the triplet witches find Macbeth with his friend. Now, substitute Ace for Macbeth, you have the same circumstances."
Why is that important here, Slick? I don't understand. Your vivid mental imaginative is creating more into the casual meeting of three ugly sisters, like the fairy tale of Cinderella."
Slick said. "Cinderella has two ugly step-sisters, not three, Buck. You need to polish up on your childhood fairy tales."
"I have three rough and tough sons. We like demon tales with sticks and stones, not fairy tales with glitter and unicorns," he laughed.
Slick said. "The reason of importance here, in Act 1, Scene 1, the triplet sisters meet and greet, alone and lonely, talking about Ace. In Act 1, Scene 3, the triplet sisters do not casually, but purposefully meet and greet Ace and his friends for a second time. Each sister greeted Ace with a current title and then a future prophecy. Ace is the judge of the court. Ace is the elder of the church. And Ace is the groom for a bride. In the fictional play Macbeth, each witch sister greets Macbeth with a title too. Macbeth is the Thane of Glamis. Macbeth is the Thane of Cawdor. And finally, Macbeth is the king of the country. Then, the triplet sisters vanish away from Ace and his friends."
Buck laughed. "Then I recall the rest of the play with murderous Macbeth. Macbeth and his friends returned back to the castle, where Macbeth was greeted with one of the palace elders and named as Thane of Cawdor. Coming your vivid pretend story, Ace will be named elder of the church next like the next steps of the play. Well, I got some great news that breaks your wicked spell on Ace. Ace cannot become named an elder of the church until he gets married. He will get married, next Saturday morning, here at the church. Then his Elder application must be evaluated..."
"Ace," Howie appeared and stood beside the patio loveseat that held both Fawn and Ace, looking down at the younger man." Buck and Slick turned and stared at Howie, one of the elders at the church, in silence.
From the chair, Ace looked up and smiled, extending his arm, handing back the black-tinted hand-held microphone. "I am sorry! I forget to give back the microphone. I got carried away with my singing."
Georgina stood beside Howie and waved both of her hands near her smile. "I have great news, Ace. The Elder Committee has accepted your nomination and quickly evaluated your elder skills, particularly with tonight's outstanding elder performance. You are now officially a member of the Elder committee. Ace, the elder of the church," she nodded with a smile.
Ace gasped in shock along with Buck and Slick. Ace smiled and stood upright from the cheap patio loveseat as Fawn tumbled sideways but caught her body, before hitting the grass. He leaned over a sideways Fawn without assisting her, extending his hand to the two elders, shouting out loud over the loud crowd. "Thank you kindly! I'm so excited. I can't wait to offer all of my ideas on the first Elder committee meeting."
Howe accepted the microphone and the handshake from Ace, nodding with a stern face. All of the Elder committee members were present tonight for the fun-family Hollywood movie film. However, Georgina had quickly annoyed each elder and collected each vocal vote on the post of the new elder position at the church, coming back with all the votes for Ace, but his. Howie said. "We meet the second Monday night on each month. But that meeting date has already pasted. However, Ace, you are part of the Elder committee, but you must be married to attend the meeting. We hold a cute, simple ceremony for the new elder and his lady. I do believe that will give you enough time to select and then marry a girl as your legal wife and your future Lady Elder."
He nodded with a smile. "Yeah! Right! Got it! Get married before attending the meeting on July..."
Howie spun around with a sour frown and exhaled with annoyance at the new member on the Elder committee. Georgian stared down at Fawn and looked back up with a smile, nodding to Ace."Get married, Ace. That's the next step in awarding your earned Elder title. Both of you enjoy the film, Ace and Fawn!" She back stepped with a smile and spun around, returning back to her seat on the command center, watching the Hollywood movie film."
Ace continued to smile and nod, straightening up the chair with Fawn, shouting out loud with one arm. "I got it. Thanks, Georgina! Thanks, Howie! I will do that. I got it!" he sat down and exhaled with excitement. He really didn't want to see the Hollywood movie film but think about all of his new ideas for his next career, the elder of the church. Ace continued to bounce up and down with the great news.
Fawn leaned over and talked into his mental mind without using her voice cords.

i am so happy for you, ace.   you desired this posting.

He stopped wiggling in the chair and smiled with delight. "I didn't desire this position. I dreamed of his position. I worked for this position. My idea worked. I’m so brilliant. I am so happy. I am the newest Elder of the church.

i am so happy for us, too, ace.

"Yes. Yes. Yes. I'm happy for me, too. I'm a true Elder of the church now. This is great, great, great news. News of a lifetime! I gotta go and tell my Granddaddy. Where’s my Granddaddy? Rats! He's not here at the church campus. He is located back at his home base. When I leave from here, I wanna drop by and tell him the good news."

that's a fine idea, ace.   we can go and visit with your granddaddy.   i like your granddaddy, ace.

Ace continued to smile and whipped his mobile telephone, looking down at the tiny screen and typed on the tiny keyboard, recording all of his mental electronic notes about each new idea for the Elder Committee. He whispered for to his eardrum only. "I’m brilliant. I’m the newest Elder of the church. I’m the newest Elder of the church. I’m the newest Elder of the church. I’m so excited and happy." Fawn smiled at the nose profile on Ace without perturbing his electronic writing on his phone, in silence.
In the yellow tinted chair, Buck reached over and slapped the arm on Slick, whispering into the cheekbone on Slick. "It came true!"
Slick slowly nodded in shock."Two truths are told."
"What comes next?"
"Uh!"
"What comes next?"
Slick frowned. "Well, the triplet witchy sisters have announced the next prophesy and it came true. Two truths are told. Then Macbeth go and plans to kill off his friends, who stand in way for the crown as the king of the country."
Buck frowned. "Uh! That's all bad! I know that you know Ace likes eliminate all of family members that stand in his way of glory or freedom or hatred. I hope that prophesy does not come true for Ace, like it did for Macbeth."
Slick frowned. "Well, Ace always uses his Resources. His Resources perform the actual death act that is not traced back to Ace. Do you know any of his secret Resources?"
"No."
"Yeah, I don't know, either. And I have never tried to find out, without ending face down in a six-foot deep grave. I think his team of Resources are a set of convicts from one of the local prisons."
"Really?" Buck gasped in shock.
"Really!"
Buck nodded. "Really! How did you find out that tidbit of secret information?"
Slick frowned. "Ace told me, by mistake. He was mad at someone else and talking too much, after that individual left the court room. We, two were there alone. He mentioned that his Resources were criminals."
Buck gasped. "Wow! Ace likes to live dangerously."
Slick turned and stared at the nose profile on Fawn. "That danger includes the female Fawn also and her unknown band of nasty persons."

At 09:33 pm, during the movie film, a tall and overweight mature woman slowly moved up and down the sloped hillside, across each picnic table, over the flat ground, finding the triplet females. She stopped and blocked the movie film action, squatting down, leaning down into the three faces that looked exactly alike and then sneered. "The spaghetti table needs to be cleaned and cleared."
The third triplet female growled at the mature adult. "Then, you go and do it. We're watching the movie, once you move..."
"... your three fannies, right now and right here," the old woman sneered back down at the three younger women. "Your mother assigned all three of you to work the spaghetti table, three weeks ago. So, you get up right now from the grass and go and clean up that mess on the table, taking all of the dirty pans and dishes back into the kitchen setting, right now. Else, I will find your mother..."
"Fine!" The first sister smiled. "We're getting up from the ground now and will finish our church duty now. Move outta of our way!" The mature adult nodded with a stern face and spun around, leaving the triplet females to perform their church duty. The first sister rolled her two eyeballs and carefully moved ahead through the darkness, hitting the side wall, slowly moving down the concrete towards the lonely table with a messy of dirty pans and dishes. She exhaled with annoyance at her mother for volunteering her time. Her two sisters silently followed the back spine on their sister and gathered around the table, making noises, during the movie film, while cleaning up the mess. After the mess was cleared, the three sisters left the fun, family night movie.

At 09:40 pm, on top of the sloped hillside, Buck stared at the movie without hearing the conversation, leaning over with a smile into the smooth cheekbone on his friend Slick. "What does that mean?"
Slick exhaled with nervousness and stared at the nose profile on Ace, without watching the active Hollywood movie film. "The triplet sisters have provided a noble picture of Ace as a free man with free thoughts of his new freedom, without caring for anyone or anything. The triplet sisters have awoken the passion of a new ambition outside of the military life, which should not enchant or compel Ace to order more so eviler dirty deeds unto others, like the Good Book states. However, Ace is free man now and can act or not act upon his feelings and his desires for freedom or action."
"What does all of that mean, Slick?"
Slick exhaled with annoyance at his friend. "Macbeth, like Ace, listens to his mind and ignores his heart, receiving answers that makes his fate of friends and family, not strangers, clash with his vicious character."
"No, Ace does not."
Slick said. "Look over there and view our friend Ace. He is talking to himself."
Ace continued to type on the tiny keyboard and stared down at the lighted screen, whispering for her eardrums only. "I can't believe that I'm one of the elders of the church. My dad is going to be so happy for me. I can't wait to tell my dad," Ace bounced in the chair while shuffled side to side, cutting off the lighted screen that bothered his neighbors and then gasped in shock, looking up with a smile, seeing the triplet sisters and whispered for his eardrums. "They predicted that I would become an elder of the church. Which triplet sister told me that future prediction? Yeah, the first born sister, she must be talking with a set of heavenly angels. Yeah, she is a sweetheart. She and I used to date during high school. Then I lost track of her during college. Hmm! I wonder if she has some more future predictions for me. I should ask her about that."
Slick gasped in worry and whispered back to Buck while observing Ace. "I am fearful here that Ace will make good on the last prophecy and marry the good witch," he laughs.
Buck gasped in shock. "What! What does that mean? Who is the good witch, Slick?"
Slick huffed with annoyance then stated. "You hear that female Elder. She told Ace that the elder post will be awarded to him as long as he marries his girl, before the next Elder meeting. The triplet sister witches are ugly but part of ancient history among the group of limited blue bloods that live and thrive here within the city of Mobile and within the confide of this ancient church too, in which Fawn is not.
"Fawn could be part of the history of Mobile.
Slick said. "Fawn could not be part of the history of Mobile. How do we find out? How do we question her? "She can't talk and tell us."
"She can write with a pencil or an ink pen or type out a text message."
Slick frowned. "She does not write or communicate with anyone but Ace.
"And your point here!"
Slick nodded. My point, one of those triplet sisters would be an excellent wife to Ace and award him the Elder membership, without a doubt."
Buck gasped in shock. "Wow! You are right again, Slick."
"I was hoping to wrong, this time, too. But I'm not wrong here."
Buck frowned. "What does that mean?"
On the side wall, after the gooey mess was cleared, the triplet sisters left the fun, family night movie, slowly moving up the hillside and between the row of naked tables in silence.
Slick turned and gasped in alarm at the motion. "Buck, turn and look subtly over at side wall. The three witchy sisters finished cleaning up their assigned work station and are leaving the campus, not bothering to see the Hollywood movie film."
Buck gasped in alarm too. "What does that mean, Slick?"
"The triplet sister maidens of Mobile are plotting their next engagement with Ace."
"Are the triplet sisters a coven of witches with witchy magic too?"
"The word, coven, comes from the Latin word, conventum, which means convention. The word, coven, had been used until the year 1921, when Margaret Murray said that a set of witches in a group of thirteen meet in a coven."
Buck followed the triplet sisters until they were out of his eyesight, whispering back to Slick, feeling worry and concern for Ace and Fawn, "What are we doing to do about this, Slick?"
Slick jerked his two eyeballs back and stared at the Hollywood movie film without hearing the words, pondering the next move to aid Ace and Fawn. He whispered back to Buck. "We are going to wait and watch, Buck."

At 09:44 pm, a single, silver-tinted, four-door, SUV model arrived at the house and parked inside one of twelve garage rooms. The trio of females swiftly exited the vehicle and moved ahead inside the home of their parents. The third born triplet sister led her other two sisters through the kitchen space, the living room setting, down the hallway towards the rear of the house and then halted with a smirk. She reached out and opened the closed door, looking up the wooden steps, seeing a faint tint of light from the single bulb on the stepped staircase.
“What are you doing? Where are you going?” The second born triplet sister slammed into the back spine on the third born sister, leaning around, seeing the steep staircase.
“We are getting our sister married to Ace. Follow me, belles!” The third born sister laughed out loud and slowly climbed the smelly staircase that was enclosed in rough dark wooden walls that did not contain a single mounted happy picture frame of family members or a cherry piece of art work.
The first born sister stood on top of the polished dark wooden floor and looked up into the semi-dark staircase. “These non-polished wooden steps lead up into the attic. No one goes up there. Why are we going up there?"
The third born sister as the leader yelled back down to her first born older triplet sister, still slowly climbing each dusty step. “Follow me! I’ll explain, when we arrive up there.”
The first born sister smiled with hope and slowly climbed each step, following the butthole on her sister, in silence.

At 10:01 pm, the third born sister slammed open the ancient wooden door with a smile and entered a large, heated, rectangular shaped room which was deeply arched with a wooden cathedral ceiling that held an assortment of ceiling fans that did not cool down the room. She turned and moved the side wall with columns of naked wooden beams, without a plaster wall of pretty paint and then stopped in front of a wooden chest of drawers, sliding in and out each drawer, putting out individual item on top of the hard surface of the chest. Her two sisters entered the room and stood in the middle of the dusty room, wearing a sour frown.
The second born sister exhaled with annoyance. “What are you doing, sister dear? What am I doing up here inside the dirty, dusty attic space also?”
The third born sister gathered up all of her new items and spun around, moving back to her two sisters, stopping in the middle of the room. She squatted down and gently placed all of the items on top of the floor, slowly arranging a new unfamiliar floor design. One of her sisters dropped down and watched with intrigue. The third born sister created a circular shape with all of the individual tiny candles that were not lighted first, removing her diamond bracelet second from her wrist bone, wadding the bracelet structure into a loose ball and gently placed the item in the middle of the square shaped design. She removed a long golden tinted ankle bracelet from her hard bone and stretched the mineral below the circle of twinkling diamond, creating a straight line. Then, she removed both of her silver-tinted, spear-shaped, long, dangling earrings from each one her earlobes, stretching out the smooth silver down from the horizontal golden bracelet with her smile. She asked, "Why are so angerly, sister dear?"
The first born sister did not move but stared at the nose profile on each one of her two sisters. "How dare you trade and traffic with Ace? I am the only one for Ace."
The second born sister laughed and watched the creation from her third born sister. "What do all of these funny words mean?"
The first born sister frowned and kicked some of the dust balls. "I am not angerly. I am jealous of her. I am supposed to be her, not her."
The third born sister smiled. "Our sister dear is eloquently quoting the words from William Shakespeare."
The second born sister continued to stare at the creation on the floor. "How do you know that, sister dear? We did not attend college."
"One of my former boyfriends attended college and liked to entertain me with his poems that were all quoted from Will. So, I read all of the plays and the poems and then quoted the lines back to him, for fun."
The second born sister continued to sit on the floor and gasped in alarm, jabbing her manicured fingernail down at the new design on top of the dusty floor. “That…that is sinful. Why! Why are you building that thing? Do not do this, sister dear!”
The first born sister dashed ahead and sat down in-between her two sisters, staring with intrigue down at the pretty unfamiliar design on top of the dusty floor. "What is that thing? I can’t figure it out. Why is that a sinful thing?”
The second born sister scowled in worry at the completed object. "She...she is designing an altar like...like for worshiping evil Satan, like a witch."
The first born sister gasped in shock and pointed down at the object. "Is that really a Satanic altar? Why are you building a Satanic altar here in our house, inside the attic floor?"
The third born sister smiled and continued to build the object, scattering numerous tiny semi-precious stones around the single art work and inside the parameter of the candles. "This is not a Satanic altar for worshiping Satan. Satan is the bad angel that fell from the grace in heaven. I don’t worship or honor Satan, never, ever, foreverly. This is a... a ring, such like, a gigantic wedding band for completing the circle of love, romance, and marriage."
"Really!" The second born sister frowned down at the new object.
"Really?" The first born sister smiled down at the same object.
The second born sister shook her curls and frowned down at the object. "No. No. No. This is an altar, in which, a Wicca Witch uses to worship her evil spirits for evil deeds. O no! Our baby triplet sister is a witch. Don't tell our mama!"
The first born sister nodded. “What is a Wicca Witch?"
“You are an adult, not a witch, sister dear.” The second born sister frowned.
 The third born sister nodded. “The art of Wicca is the latest trend among the teenage females which are prominent in books, television programs, and Hollywood movie films, and Internet shows. Wicca is a religion consisting of witchcraft, occultism, and neo-paganism. The word, Wicca, comes from Anglo-Saxon language, which means to bend or shape nature to your service.
"The word, witchcraft, is the practice of magic by a human. Occultism practices include astrology, alchemy, fortune telling, and magic coming from the hidden knowledge of the universe and its mysterious forces. An occultist tapes into this unseen, forbidden universal knowledge, in order to access the information and effect your desires. The neo-paganism word comes from ancient European and Middle Eastern religions worshiping nature and the gods and goddesses of nature, including the sun, the moon, the trees, the seas, the sky, the air, the fire, the wild animals, and all of the other natural elements. The sun is the goddess. The moon is the god. Something like that. A Wiccan witch or warlock believes that the goddess resides in everything including the rocks, the trees, the earth soil, the sky, the stars, the animals…”
“…like the force…” the second born sister laughed.
The first born sister smiled. “Like Almighty God or the Prime Creator had created first and then placed pieces of his essence into everything including the same rocks, the same trees, the same earth soil, the same sky, the same stars, the same Wicca witches and warlocks, and the same humans.”
“Touché!” The second born sister smiled.
The third born sister continued to slowly pluck off each yellow tinted soft rose petal and sprinkle over the semi-precious stones and the center design while sharing her learned information with her two sisters. “The art of Wicca began 35,000 years ago, when females ruled the planet. Each human life was rich, peaceful and prosperous, worshipping nature and Goddess Mother Earth. Then an invasion force of males attached and then shattered the calm, serene existence of the female-ruled society.
The second born sister laughed. “Well, even I can see the major problem. How is an infant baby supposed to be born into a female-ruled community or town or city?”
The third born sister continued. “The practice of Wicca continued and vowed to fight and then conquer the male-ruled society. Thus, the art of Wicca promotes the goddess entity over the males and men, reclaiming their female or feminine powers of peace, love, understanding over the male authorities and religions and follow the goddesses, including Gaia of Mother Earth and Artemis, Greek goddess of the wilderness. Thus, the practice of Wicca is dominated by a group of brave and bold young determined, smarter females, unlike you, me, and her.”
The first born sister frowned. “Give me a broken limb! Men dominated the world! I do protest! Wicked women have dominated men, women, children, teenagers, and elderly persons for eons using their vanity and greediness and selfish feminine ways, such like, Queen Cleopatra, Queen Elizabeth I of England,  Queen Jezebel of Israel, Empress Wu Zetian of China, Queen Zenobia of Palmira, Empress Julia Agrippina of Rome, Queen Tamara of Georgia, Queen Elizabeth I of Spain, and the list goes on and on.”
The second born sister frowned. “O! We get it now! The first coven of Wicca females began 35,000 years ago. What Planet Earth year would that be?”
The first born sister nodded. “Well, 2000 years, in the present, with the birth of Christ Jesus subtracted from the math number of 35,000 years ago, the ancient year would be 33,000 B.C., before the birth of Christ.”
“Did a group of humans really live that long ago?”
The first born sister nodded. “The cavemen and their cave woman and all of the wooly elephants and tigers. Anyways, the first coven of Wicca female in the year 33,000 B.C. decided to create their own nicknames that became the mythological gods and goddesses of nothingness but inside a human mind, since the human civilization of time.”
The third born sister continued to lecture. “Both a Wicca witch and warlock celebrates eight holidays that heightens the interaction between the natural and supernatural world.”
The first born sister frowned then exclaimed. "Geez! The Prime Creator grants 52 days on Sunday to interaction between Earth and Heaven without bells, whistles, and streamers plus you can celebrate His name every day of the week, for the entire year, with honor and respect.”
“Touché!” The second sister said then smiled.
The third born sister lectured. “A Wicca Witch spell is performed in an altered state of consciousness in order to cause a desired change in their life. Some of the Wicca Witch spells, include overcoming loneliness, attract money, inner power, bind an enemy…”
“Praying to the Prime Creator fixes all of these human flaws and much, much more with his love, kindness and mercy, sister dear.” The first born sister smiled.
“Touché!” The second born sister smiled.
The third born sister lectured more. “The Wicca magic controls spiritual forces making the witch feel powerful, not powerless, performing the secret rituals in secret at night.”
The first born sister smiled. “The glory of the Prime Creator will send down the Holy Spirit that will engulf a lost soul, during the daylight and nighttime hours in public, without a secret ritual, but love and kindness and mercy.”
“Touché!” The second born sister said then smiled.
The third born sister nodded. “The appeal from all of these young females wants to fix our destructive environment. The art of Wicca treats nature of Planet Earth with great care and reverence.”
The first born sister smiled then stated. “And if all of the people would pray to the Prime Creator, he would work with Mother Nature and fix the damaged environment, because his children are responsible for destroying and damaging Planet Earth, not Mother Nature, not the Prime Creator, but us, including me, you, and her.”
“Touché!” The second born said then smiled.
The third born sister started to pluck off a handful of yellow rose petals and sprinkled around the semi-precious stones while lecturing to her two sisters. “A Wicca witch or warlock live by the rules. Harm no one. Do what you will. Which means, a witch or warlock is free to cast spells or whatever as long as the witch or the warlock does not harm a human or an animal or an insect. And they also endure the Threefold Law, if a witch or a warlock does something bad, then the bad thing will come back to him or her three times over.”
The second born sister smiles. “That’s a cool rule!”
The first born sister grins. “The Holy Bible rule is better. If you do harm to another human, then you will encounter that same or equal wicked wrath seven times worse on your human body as the soul is pure light and live here on Planet Earth.”
“Yeah, that one is much, much better. The Prime Creator rules for shore. And you seem to know too much about the art of Wicca, sister dear.” The second born sister growled with concern.
The first born sister nodded. “I like to read all types of weird bizarre books, too, sister dear. The art of Wicca does not provide a set of rules, like a personal instruction manual from the Prime Creator. The single rule: do what you will, allows the Wicca witch to decide her own rule, which could be right or wrong or bad or good or harmful or harmless to the witch and her friends and her enemies and her environment. Unfortunately, the real world is filled with trees, plants, flowers, angels, demons, spirits, Satan, the light force and the dark force that all can lead the witch and her followers down a path of destruction or death. From the Holy Bible, from the Book of Ephesians, Chapter Six, Verses 12 and 13 states, our struggle is not against flesh and blood but against the rulers, the authorities, the powers of this dark world and against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms. Place on the full armor of Almighty God now, for when the day of evil comes, you stand your ground and do everything to stand against all evil beings and forces. Amen!”
“Amen!” The second born sister smiled.
“Also, a Wiccan Witch worries about nature here on Planet Earth. And then she worships all of nature things on the planet, along with Mother Nature. Woe! Woe! Woe! No! No! No! From The Holy Bible, which is your personal instruction manual for life after death and all that jazz, from the Book of Luke, Chapter 4, Verse 8 states: Worship the Lord, your God, and serve only Him. Amen! The planet, the plants, the properties, the pets, and the people are all His creations that were created by Almighty God and are not subject to worship but care from his children, who love on top of this borrowed world with our borrowed time.”
“Amen!” The second born sister stated then smiled.
"A Wiccan Witch does not acknowledge evil, Satan, dark forces, God, angels, mercy, light forces. And The Holy Bible, from the Book of Second Corinthians, Chapter 11, Verses 14 to 15, states: Satan appears as the Angel of Light along with his servants, who pretend to behave as a righteousness warrior. You must worship only Almighty God and repent of your human sins, avoiding the depths of hell fire, enjoying the heavenly ways for eternity.”
“Amen!” The second born sister said then smiled.
The first born sister continued her lecture and waved both of her hands in the air, saying with a stern tone. “A Wiccan Witch must use a psychic link and then connects to another life force, be it man or woman or child or animal or plant or tree. "
The second born sister frowned then asked. "What does that mean?"
"That means the mind of the witch connects to your mind and reads all of your thoughts."
"That's impossible!" The second born sister stated then huffed.
"No! That is all possible with black magic or white magic or using dark powers or light powers that do not come from Almighty God and heaven or angels. And I don't want any type of witchy witch reading my internal mind thoughts. I don't like it. I don't wanna a witch near me either. Almighty God does not like it either. The Holy Bible, from the Book of Deuteronomy, Chapter 18, Verses 10 to 12, the passage states: Do not practice fortune telling or engage in witchcraft or cast spells or consult the dead people! He detests these practices and will drive out all the persons, all the nations, and all of everything." 
"Amen!" The second born sister said then frowned. "So, that's really a witch’s altar.”
The third born sister gasped in alarm. "No. No. No. A Wicca witch or warlock uses a pentagram with five points which is covered in rose petals, semi-precious stones, lighted candle, dried leaves and..."
“Stop it!" The first born sister frowned. "All right! We do believe you that you know too much about witchcraft, which is against God's will. What are you going to do with that thing? What does it do with me and Ace?"
The third born sister frowned. "I am not casting a Wicca witch spell. I was telling you about the art of Wicca. I am not a witch. I am your dear loving triplet sister. Here, I am providing an opportunity for our first born triplet sister to encounter and then engage her true love, Ace.”
The second born sister said. "How is she going to do that?"
She nodded with a smile. "The second day of the week is Monday. Monday is a work day for the working class, not us, of course. So, on Monday morning, first born triplet sister will race to the Coast Guard military base...”
"She can't do that." The second born sister frowned.
"...and go and visit our uncle, who is a commander or something on that same military base. Then, she will mosey away from Uncle Basil's office and go and meet with Ace. Ace works in the court room as a judge. You should be able to locate the court room and visit with Ace during the working hour. Ace is at work and can't run off, so he can visit with you."
The first born sister shouted out loud. "Come, sister dear! Let us make haste, not waste!" She swiftly stood upright from the dirty floor wiping the dust off her dirty clothes and spun around to face the open archway, slowly padding ahead, whispering for her eardrums only. "I like the idea visiting our uncle and then seeing Ace. But I'll bring a picnic basket of food, too. A man likes to eat." She left the attic space and stomped down each wooden step with her new plan of action for her man of action, Ace.
Second born sister slowly stood upright from the floor and pointed down at the object on the floor. "That thing is evil. You need to redesign or rearrange the thing into a door wreath for fun, not evil, sister dear." She spun around with a huff and faced the entrance wall, exiting the attic space.
The third sister laughed out loud and continued to sit, spreading the yellow tinted roses over the main character and the rest of the semi-precious stones, whispering for her eardrums only. "I will help my sister whether she wants it or not. Winds to the east and to the west, circle around the air, landing on down on the ace. Ace! Ace! Ace! Now, Ace is possessed with the thoughts of my first born triplet sister, whom he will marry, instead of that ugly non-southern belle female." She giggled out loud and continued to view the altar with a smile. "My witchy spell will work. Then she'll soon be back again, just like Macbeth," she laughed out loud.
Sunday, June 30th


Heated day without clouds and bright sunrays
07:50 am

Within the Mobile Historic District, the Church Street District features both residential homes, government offices, ancient museums, and commercial real estate covering 1400 land acres with 78 ancient building structures. The building styles include Colonial America, Greek Revival, Renaissance Revival, Victorian, Italianate, and Federal structure architecture.

Mobile Church was established in year 1828 in solid vanilla colored concrete slabs that rose five stories into the skyline, featuring a front facade of four Greek-design white tinted circular columns, front and side mini flower gardens, and side walls of glass-stained windows with biblical action characters that tell numerous Bible stories.

A white-tinted, two-seater new sports car slowly turned off the main highway and then carefully steered around a busy gray-tinted parking lot at the Mobile Church, selecting an empty space at the end of the row. The day is Sunday morning and a few minutes before the eight o'clock church service. Inside the driver's chair, Fawn exhaled with worry and killed the engine, exiting the car, without locking the door for safety and security. She wore a sleeve-less, V-neckline patterned, mini-dress in mint green, pair of matching high heeled sandals, a set of mint green colored semi-precious gems in jewelry on her naked throat, two earlobes, one ankle wrist bone plus a four-carat diamond engagement ring on her ring finger of her left hand.
She slowly moved ahead with a smile and admired the nicely square-shaped, manicured front lawn, directly in front of the church auditorium with four individual double entrance doors, a sideways lengthways concrete front porch, and the elevated brick tinted steps, which was surrounded on three sides by green tinted grass blades, a circular short grove of trees, and numerous pods of colorful flowers. In-between each square pod of front lawn, a double-wide vanilla colored walkway led from one of the three parking lots and then intersected at the elevated brick-tinted steps, heading into the auditorium.
Fawn slowly veered around each small or large huddle of church people, wearing a fake smile, without stopping to chat, and as she could not talk using a pair of voice cords with another individual, anyways. She quickly stomped up each step and rubbed against the rough concrete side wall, avoiding the loud crowd of people, entering through the side entrance door. She surveyed each happy smile, every friendly back slap, a firm handshake or a motherly hug on the other peoples.
Fawn scooted ahead through the square-shaped archway alone, turning with a smile, viewing the massive auditorium space. The rows of auditorium pews were completed filled with tons of people and numerous family units, including mothers, fathers, teenagers, children, toddlers, infants, aunts, uncles, cousins, grandmothers, and grandfathers.
Inside the auditorium space, each long side wall was solid plaster in stark white tinted paint, without a single glass window or stained-glass window either that rose up towards the fifty-foot, arched, cathedral ceiling, which was highlighted with wooden dark colored beams.
Above the squared-shaped reception lobby, a balcony space stood on the second floor level, overlooking the ground auditorium floor.
The entrance wall was split in the middle with a smooth light colored wooden platform in front of a ceiling-to-floor, wide, glass-stained single window, where numerous beams of bright morning sunlight twinkled through each glass panel in faint colors down on the floor, which did not touch each side wall, only the wooden furniture items.
From each square-shaped wall corner, a semi-circular wooden platform intersected with the middle space, holding an individual piece of furniture item. Facing the entrance wall, on the left-hand side, a semi-curved, tall, matching light wooden podium almost touched the wall sides and held the preacher. The church preacher measured average height and weight, wearing a pair of eyeglasses, a head of thinning gray tinted hair strands, a tone of suntanned skin, and a pair of brown irises, wearing a dark blue hue silky robe with a white tinted collar, sitting on top of a small stool and motioned for each person into the church. He continued to shout out loud numerous individual words through the microphone on his collar, "Hello! Welcome! Good morning! Please enter the auditorium for the worship service!"
On the opposite side of the preacher, another shorter semi-curved, matching light colored wooden railing enclosed rows of thickly padded individual chairs, which held the church choir made of sixteen year old teenagers through elderly senior citizens, who wanted to sing God's praises during the worship hour.
While the preacher was shouting into microphone directly the flock of sheep towards a pew bench, the choir was standing and swaying to a soft musical marching song for Brother Jesus. Each member of the choir displayed an electric blue, old-fashioned, satin, ankle-length robe which was embroidered with thin strips of yellow-tinted twisted cords around the neckline, for drama and flair. Each pair of naked hands cuddled a matching electric blue colored notebook that contained all of the musical song sheets for the worship service.
The wandering crowd of church people slowly waddled down one of the three aisles, sitting with their family members or their family friends, staring at the preacher while listening to the happy marching song from the choir members. 
Fawn stopped at the edge on the second pew and looked down with a smile at her new friend, Buck. Buck was thirty-four years of age and stood taller and  bigger than a big horn elk mammal with a pair of invisible horns on top of his hard head, a tone of glowing pale skin, a pair of brown tinted eyeballs, a head of wavy shoulder-length blonde colored hair, and a matching blonde tinted mustache, wearing a blue tinted dress shirt, without a necktie, a dark blue blazer, a pair of tan colored trousers, and a pair of dark blue loafers without a pair socks. He would not shave the whiskers off his face as his wife loved it and Buck loved his wife.
His wife dressed in a peach colored ankle-length sleeveless dress, a pair of matching low sandals, a matching garden hat that did not cover her eyeballs, only her hair roots of blonde hue, where her eyeballs could capture her three sons within the church pew. Each little boy was dressed like their father and it was very cute and precious.
Buck sat at the end of the pew bench keeping his toddler three sons in-between him and his wife, during the introduction part of the worship service. He stood upright and allowed Fawn passing in-between the pew cushion and the back rest on the first pew bench, sitting back down while corralling his children with love.
Fawn scooted ahead, stopped, and sat down in the middle of the pew cushion. Her slightly tilted matching mint green tinted hat at the left side on her face over blocked the view of Buck and his family. This particular church allowed all females to wear a pretty hat. Fawn enjoyed the option and selected a cute hat for the morning's church service. She turned and smiled at the array of colorful hats on each young, mature, and elderly female, returning back to view the church choir, seeing Ace. Ace had been singing in the church choir, since a little boy, and enjoyed that part of the church service, instead of sitting in the auditorium pews. She turned and viewed the rest of the pew bench, seeing the elderly couple, wearing a smile.
At few feet away from Fawn, Grandfather Smith and his newly married wife Magritte Granley Smith sat together, cuddling like a pair of newlyweds.
Magritte displayed average height and slightly overweight at 66 years of age, for an southern lady, presenting a set of black colored painted square-shaped fingernails, wearing a head of shoulder lengthy bottled colored golden blonde hue over her naturally gray colored hair, a pair of green tinted irises, and a tone of glowing pale, wrinkly skin that had not seen one sunbeam of bright, heated solar rays here in sunny beach port of Mobile, Alabama. She wore a sleeveless, black tinted ankle-length summer dress, a matching pair of low-heeled sandals, a pair of black painted toenails, a set of golden tinted nuggets on her naked neckline, a pair of matching stud earrings, a matching wrist bone bracelet, and a golden dinner ring on her right hand. On her left hand, ring finger, a four-carat diamond engagement ring and a sparkling band of diamonds on a wedding band glittered underneath the dull overhead lamps. 
Magritte was an American native from the city of Mobile. However, she enjoyed boasting about her ancient blood kin relatives, who were the first settlers of Mobile.
In the early 1700s, the French army marched down from the country of Canada and stopped at the Gulf of Mexico warm water, founding Fort Louis de la Mobile on the present day Alabama River in the present day city of Mobile. Naturally, the army of French soldiers wanted to seek a wife living in the New World and some of the soldiers married into the local Native American Indian tribes. The other soldiers waited for the shipment of young virgin females.
During the summertime, in the year 1703, the bishop from the local France church decided to screen and then provide a small group of twenty nice young females, who possessed virtue and piety and accustomed to labor and diligence, for the army of French soldiers that were stationed in the New World, specifically at the French colony and fort named Fort Louis de la Mobile.
Marguerite Pamelia Savaray had been a fifteen year old female, who was a lady-in-waiting for Maria Antoinette, Queen of France, and the great-great grandmother of Magritte.
Marguerite had been birthed, in the year 1684, within the French parish of Saint-Denis, where her grandfather was a merchant. At the age of 20 years old, she had boarded a sea ship which was named the Pelican and then sailed to the New World, docking at the new French colony of Mobile, in the year 1704, becoming one of the original 23 "Pelican Girls." The nickname had been assigned to the set of young, 23 females that debarked that day from the sea ship named Pelican.
The French colony, Fort Louis de la Mobile had thrived with French colonists, until a nasty invasion force coming from the country of Great Britain, in the year 1763, captured the fort, dominating the territory for decades, until the American Revolution of American colonists, rebels, and leaders ended their British reign, sending the Red Coats back to the country of England.

USA! USA! USA!

Magritte wore an oversized hat covering her bleached golden tinted hair roots, shifting her pair of eyeballs, without seeing Fawn. She reached over and brushed her naked hand over the collar bone on the business suit on her husband elderly Attila Smith.
Samuel Attila Smith was former Rear Admiral in the US Coast Guard military service. Grandfather to Ace and great-grandfather to Gem, Attila was 67 years of age and widowed for years and also very lonely. He had met and then decided to marry widowed Magritte Pamelia Savaray Granley, a few weeks ago. Attila displayed a head of thick, cropped, white tinted hair, a tone of dark skin, a pair of blue eyes, without a pair of eyeglasses, wearing a yellow tinted linen business suit with a white tinted tee shirt and a pair of dark blue shoes, staring at the preacher, hearing the church sermon. He wiggled both of his collar bones in annoyance at her wifely touch.
Magritte removed her naked hand and exhaled with worry, dropping her hand, patting down his leg pant. He wiggled his leg, when she removed her naked hand again and then Attila shuffled a few inches over the padded cushion from her heated body.
Magritte exhaled with worry and wiggled side to side in frustration, wringing both of her hands in annoyance. Then she stopped the hand motion and placed her index finger nail on her right hand between the skin space of the other index finger and the thumb on the left hand, piecing her sharp, square-shaped nail down into the tender hand skin and quickly lifted the nail into the air, repeating the mutation. She darted her two eyeballs at the front of the auditorium room, without listening to the preacher's words.
On the same church pew, Fawn gasped in shock and watched the self-mutation maneuver by Magritte on the left hand, mentally thinking within her mental mind.

what!   why is magritte mutating her hand?   she feels worried, concerned, nervous.   why is she worried?   she is married to a nice southern gentleman.   she is not calm or cool or collected.   i wonder what is wrong with her.

On the same second church pew, current Coast Guard employee and friend of Ace, short, brown-haired, dark-skinned, brown-eyed Slick sat on the opposite side alone and continued to scan each member of the congregation for a troublemaker or any sign of trouble, wearing a white tinted linen business suit without a necktie and a pair of black tinted loafers without socks. No other church people selected the second pew cushion as each person was too close to the preacher and too far from the entrance doorway.
The first church pew bench seat was reserved for a row of individuals that participated in the worship service, this morning, by reading a section of Holy Scripture from the Holy Bible or making a new announcement to the church people.
On the side wall, slightly behind the preacher cubby, a single piano and an organ stood together against the solid wall, where the church pianist sat and then played each musical song during the worship hour.
The preacher shouted out loud with a smile to the rows of settled church people. "Thank you for coming to the morning service at Mobile Church! Let's us pray to Almighty God and his son Christ Jesus, the Holy Spirit and all of our heavenly for thanks and gratitude, this morning." The musical notes stopped playing and the church choir stopped singing, sitting down in their individual choir chair. Each person dropped a chin down into their chest, silently praying with the preacher. The preacher ended and turned with a smile staring at the choir director.
The choir director hit the baton on the musical stand, tapping out the musical rhythm. Each choir member sucked in a big gulp of air for the new musical notes. The church pianist started playing the first stanza of the familiar musical church tune. Then, the choir members and the entire congregation sung in harmony and unison. 
On the second pew, Fawn stared with a smile at Ace and mouthed the familiar gospel song that she had heard numerous times as a young small child at her church there in the city of Huntsville. She was not deaf, only mute.
Buck and his wife sort of sung some of the words while wrestling with their three sons. Slick tapped his foot on the floor and mumbled the familiar words, still watching the active crowd of church people.
After finishing the first musical song, the choir members continued to stand and sung a second musical song alone, without the congregation. Fawn sat down and stared with a smile at Ace. Ace stood on the last row with the rest of the bass males singers, belting out all of the musical notes, looking at Fawn and then darted his two eyeballs around the massive auditorium pews and then the upper balcony seats. The auditorium space was filled this morning with happy church people and active children.
The second musical song ended. The choir members sat down. The preacher excused all of the little children and any set of volunteer parents from the worship service for the playroom, where God watched over the children. Then, he started the preaching service.
Buck and his wife, three sons quickly left the second pew bench seat and disappeared from the auditorium, heading towards the playroom. Fawn and Slick occupied the second row. She stared at Ace, who was fiddling with the notebook of musical song sheets, then straightening his robe, combing his hair, leaning down towards the floor, and messed with his dress shoes. He sat back and then leaned over, whispering into the cheekbone on the other bass singer, without listening to the preacher's words.
On the second pew row, Fawn continued to stare at Ace and exhaled with boredom. She didn't really like attending the church service, listening to someone's else interruption of the Holy Bible. She could read and comprehend literature also.

i am so jealous of ace.  he sings in the church choir.  he looks so cute and handsome in his choir robes.  i wish i could talk.  i wish i could sing too.  why was i made different or flawed or damaged?  i don't understand my situation.  i have made a wonderful man, who is about to become my future husband.  however, i cannot talk to him or his daughter gem or his friends.  i am a healthy girl.  i can sing. i think.  i can dance too.  i wanna be the best girlfriend and the greatest wife to ace.  i wanna participate in his world too.  why can't i talk?  i can eat food and breath air and drink beverages. i can cough and gag and sneeze and clear my throat like a normal person.  so, why can't i talk or sing or burp or laugh or giggle or chuckle or make a higher pitched sound.  i don't know why.

Fawn gently stomped both of the soles on her high heeled shoes and continued to talk inside her mental mind.

why.  why.  why.  this is not fair.  not fair.  not fair.  not fair.  this is not right.  this is wrong.  this is me.  so, do something.  do something.  do something.  what can i do?  I can do something.  i can go and see a doctor.  yes.  yes.  yes. i can go and see a new doctor.  i visited with a medical physician when i was young.  the medical physician says that i would not talk but he did not say that i could not talk.

She wiggled side to side on top of the church pew and smiled with her new idea.

yes.  yes.  yes.  i will make an appointment and visit with a new medical physician.  that's a great plan.

She whipped out her personal mobile telephone and tapped on the screen, activating the devise, tapping on the tiny keyboard and looked up the different types of medical physicians, learning about the medical field, reading in silent. A medical psychologist studies normal and abnormal mental states, perceptual, cognitive, emotional, and social processes and behavior that relates to trauma, addiction, eating and sleep disorders, sexual dysfunction, depression, anxiety and phobias. A medical psychologist administers and interprets psychological tests for both child and adults.

no.  this is not the medical physician that i seek.  i feel depressed and anxious but i do not have an issue with eating or sleep patterns.

On the phone screen the information displayed and as she read in silence. A medical cardiologist treats diseases of the heart and blood vessels. A medical ophthalmologist treats eye and vision care. A medical orthopedist specializes in the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of disorders of the bones, joints, ligaments, tendons, and muscles.

i am getting closer, but not there yet!

On the phone screen the information displayed and as she read in silence. A medical otolaryngologist treats breathing problems, nosebleeds, allergic reactions, tongue cancers, and sore throats.

what!  no, i do not have a sore throat and do not have cancer.  no, i do not need to see an otolaryngologist.  i wonder, if ace would help me.

She looked up and smiled in the direction of Ace. He was busy snacking a piece of chewing gum and annoying the two choir buddies on each side of his body, without listening to the preacher's lecture, also. Once the preacher finished his church sermon, the choir sung the last song of the morning. Then she frowned with annoyance. Fawn had asked Ace for help before she had run away. He was very nice. They had visited one of his friends, a licensed medical physician. The medical physician had announced that there was not a cure or a surgery for the medical condition on Fawn. She really didn't believe those words but had to accept her rotten fate or destiny or whatever.
Now, she desired to visit with a different medical physician, who specialized in the lack of sound coming from her throat. Fawn exhaled with annoyance and would traverse ahead on her own time. She had a nice card credit from Ace that provided any type of monies for her welfare, which included her health, too. Anyways, Ace would not object and probably would not investigate either.
She looked down and continued to tap on the tiny screen reading more of the medical information.
The preacher shouted out loud. "Amen! Now, let us pray!"
Fawn exhaled with annoyance and lowered her chin down into her chest, without praying and without viewing her mobile telephone. She reached over and placed her phone back down into her tiny purse. She would have to review the other medical professions at home.
The preacher shouted out loud. "Amen!" Then he looked up and pointed to the choir. The choir members stood upright and started signing the last song of the church service.
Fawn looked up and stood upright from the church pew cushion, smiling at Ace, waiting for the conclusion of the church service.

At 09:33 am, Fawn drove home and changed her clothes, waiting for Ace. He came home from church, quickly kissed her face, and then pulled back, leaving Fawn and changed his clothes also.
The old house is still freshly painted in bright yellow hue on each cider block and still is shaped in a traditional southern colonial structure built during the 1820s. The former owner included a grand staircase on the side wall leading up towards the second floor of bedrooms and a pair of double parlor rooms on the same wall on the first floor, in which, Ace couldn’t figure out what to do in there. So, each parlor room is an empty space but cleanly polished without furniture pieces.
His big house had been built by a cotton benefactor and a member of one of the society families within the beach town of Mobile, Alabama, on the Gulf of Mexico.
The rear of the mansion sported, at the turn of the century, rows of long wooden buildings for the field workers, brick masons, and building carpenters, who resided on the property detailing each life as a laborer or a domestic servant of the grand manor.
Now, all the ancient structures are used to house recreational equipment and filled plastic containers with useless stuff that Ace does not want inside his house clogging up his delicate sinuses.
The original owner lost his grand mansion during the Bank Panic of 1837, when Ace’s great-great-great-grandfather purchased the empty mansion, all the buildings, the weed-infected grounds, the unplowed cotton fields, the silverware, porcelain dishes, ancient furniture pieces, each oil painting, and numerous pieces of farm equipment.
Ace inherited the grand mansion after his biological parents were brutally murdered on the city street, after eating the evening meal, a long time ago. But Ace had sought revenge and implemented his murderous plot on the gang of cold-blooded murderers.

No person will ever find the bits and pieces of torn flesh, guts, and spilled blood proteins from each dead cold-blooded murderer.

The living room presents a wide rectangular-shaped space. The entrance wall contains two wooden doors and rows of high glass window panes on each side of the front door. One side wall displays a dark colored wooden staircase leading upstairs into one of five bedrooms. The front windows show the manicured yard with groves of tall shade trees and scattered pods of planted colorful flowers, and a small courtyard, without a set of patio furniture. There is not an exposed exit door through the living room, but inside the kitchen setting.
Ace did not want any invited guest or any unwanted wanderer lounging in the courtyard during the summer or winter days.
Along the same wall of glass windows displaying the small courtyard and the manicured lawn, a heavy door wiggles side to side leading into an enclosed kitchen space. You can smell the aroma of cooking or baking food items, when the hired, licensed, and paid cook is working.
On the forward wall, a row of tall glass windows in-between a set of three glass doors presents the rear yard with a lawn of nicely manicured grass, groves of tall shade trees, and scattered pods of strategically placed colored flowers making the outdoors inviting but hot throughout the spring, summer, and autumn seasonal times.
The current time is 01:28 pm. The current interior layout of the house displays a new atmosphere comprising tans, teals, and tiny splashes of rose hue. Ace didn’t mind the girly colors inside his house as long as his two girls were happy. While living in the house with his newly married Granddaddy Smith and his new wife Magritte Smith, during the four-month renovation project, Fawn and Gem had selected and decorated the interior colors in the living room and kitchen setting.
The side staircase, the second story balcony, and two long walls in-between the living room space, kitchen setting, and Ace’s man cave had been destroyed and then replaced with one long, wide space exhibiting a new kitchen area, a new living room setting, and a new man cave.
One end of the new hallway houses the new kitchen setting. One side wall displays a double glass entrance door in-between a bay window within the wall corner. The bay window is designed with a curved eating table for two to four persons. If more people are present, then they can eat their meal on the opposite wall corner with a second bay window eating center. Blonde tinted wood runs through the first floor into Ace’s new man cave. Each wall presents tan colored paint.
Continuing inside the kitchen setting, a few feet down from each bay window eating center, a long kitchen counter block with a granite top of tan, teal, and rose hues displays a row of upper or lower-sitting tan-colored wooden cabinets for dishes or the cabinets surrounded a matching tan colored standard kitchen appliance for cooking, baking and storage of food items.

Yes, there does exist tan colored kitchen appliances.

However, Ace did not cook or bake and neither did Fawn or Gem. But the kitchen looked really cool and elegant.
A few feet from the edge of the tan, teal, rose-colored granite countertop, a kitchen island stands, alone and lonely, surrounded with six high stool chairs for sitting, eating, chatting, and socializing. A long glass tub displays a short row of real yellow, blue, red, pink, and orange carnations. Gem loved the carnation flowers and Ace loved his daughter.
Even with the kitchen island, a row of undivided low-lying glass windows on each long wall exposes the nicely manicured front lawn and the rear lawn.
At the end of the long single room, a grand staircase stands in the middle of the wall decorated with a light-colored wooden step and a matching banisher rail leading onto the second floor.
The second floor level had not been redesigned, only redecorated with the girly touch from Fawn and Gem. Ace didn’t mind as long as his two girls were happy.
In the middle of the single living room space, three living room settings in the colors of teal, tan, and rose are strategically arranged around a pair of moving legs without stumping a naked toe bone during the midnight run of sweet snacks. The individual pieces of furniture face the entrance wall of windows viewing the front lawn. Or the furniture pieces view the rear lawn consisting of flowers, trees, and miles of grass.
The back lawn does not contain the old buildings from the pre-civil war era. The hired and smart contractors that worked on the interior of the house offered to torn down all of the large and tiny ancient structures and then carry off all the ruined pieces for a low monetary fee. Ace obligated and removed the eyesore from his two eyeballs.
Behind the grand staircase, a semi-dark room without a glass window, with a small wet bar counter, is still named the man cave and contains all types of manly electronics that any guy can wish for, remaining cold and silence, within a house of two females. If Ace desired a small time with his set of lonely, manly thoughts, he could enter into his man cave, pressing the remote control devise, blasting the loudest television volume throughout the first floor level which always annoyed his two girls.
In-between the two walls of soft tan colored paint without a single family portrait or a piece of art work but more glass windows, Ace slowly moved down each wooden step, stopped with a smile, and stood with a shotgun over his left collar bone on top of the floor, staring at his fiancé Fawn.
Fawn displays a tall, wiry body frame, a head of thin, waistline long, light-brown colored straight hair, a pair of light brown irises that glow in yellow hue, like a pair of deer’s eyeballs, during a nighttime drive. Her smooth skin exhibits a delicate creamy hue of vanilla tone, not white or tan.
Her facial skin tone displays a row of tiny brown tinted freckles running across her nose bridge and then scatters around her two cheekbones, without dominating her face, highlighting a youthful appearance.
Fawn exposes her neckline and her two collar bones inside an off-the-shoulder, ankle-length, hoop skirt antebellum dress in rich blood red hue with three rows of ruffles, where the rear hemline is puddling down over the wooden floor behind her back spine. She stared down at his polished pair of cowboy boots.
Ace always displays either a casual or a dressy clothing style in his pair of nicely polished python snake skin cowboy boots. The reptile leather is wrapped around each foot in scaly presentation and feels like a real snake.
A snake is a reptile with a set of dry scaly skin epidermis which is strong like a human fingernail or a horse’s hoof. The set of scales are watertight which keeps the snake moist, without drying out in the heated desert or weather. Touching a snake feels warm and dry.
Her mind echoed the dangerous traits of a slithering snake and as her emotions felt jumbled and worried and as her two eyeballs darted upward and then stared Ace. He is dressed in brown, tan, and green camouflage body vest, a pair of matching trousers, a white tinted tee shirt.
The word, camouflage, represents a combination of materials, colors, or illumination for concealment that makes an animal or a hunter or a soldier or an object hard to see which disguises the object as something else. Examples include the spotted coat of a leopard; the battle gear for a modern soldier, and a pair of leaf-patterned wings on a katydid insect.
Ace reached out and grabbed one of her lean girly biceps, smiling down into her silly hat. “Look! When this thing is done and you and I are married, we’ll go and travel throughout the world. Are you interested in visiting the country of Egypt seeing those giant three pyramids?”
She talked into his mind.

i do not want to attend this thing.

He laughed. “This thing is called, a bridal shower, sweetheart. These people are coming here to honor the bride.”

i am not interested in being honored.  where is your southern civil war silly costume for our bridal shower?

He smiled. “I am not the bride but the groom. And the groom’s going to leave and go hunting.”

i wanna come with you.

“No.”

yes, i wanna leave and go hunting.


“You don’t like to hunt down little tiny animals and then slaughter them in blood.

today, i would.

Ace exhaled. “Fawn! Today is your day as the bride. And today is my day as the non-bride,” he laughed.

ace!

He frowned. “You can’t leave. Everyone’s expecting the bride to be here, for her bridal shower, in your pretty southern bridal dress. I thought the color of red is for funerals or something.”

i feel silly.

He smiled, “You look beautiful, once I find your face through that weird hat. Anyways, this is a bride or bridal or bridle, like a horse mask for a mare or a married girl, not me,” he softly chuckled at his silly word choice.

ace!

He nodded. “Look! You must stay here and make certain none of our expensive gifts from that long list of unfriendly neighbors and strangers do not become stolen by my new step-grandmother. I don’t like that pickle, fickle woman. I got a bad feeling about that pickle, fickle woman too. I don’t know why my grandfather married her, but I can ask on our hunting trip. He likes to talk man-to-man while hunting down and killing something in cold blood,” he chuckled and then sneered. “I can’t explain my emotions or remove that wiggling worm from my gut...”
“Daddy!” Gem slowly climbed down the new center staircase in her own lovely antebellum dress, hat, and finger-less gloves and then hit the ground floor while typing out a new text message on her personal mobile telephone to each one of her high school friends.
Ace released Fawn and spun around, standing next to his fiancé, frowning at his daughter. “Ugh! What are you wearing?”
Gem stopped and stood in front of her father and future step-mother slapping the hoop skirt in blocks of dark purple and black hue with one hand while holding her phone with the other, like a talented teen, “A dress.”
“That is the ugliest dress in the world. Who forced you to wear that thing, honey? Well, I guess I can always seek a painful revenge or maybe a huge ransom payment,” he stated then laughed with amusement, all alone.
“My new Grandmother Smith, she assigned the dress code for all of the young ladies and teens.”
He laughed then shared. “Well, all I can add here, your new Grandmother Smith has …”
Both of the entrance doors in solid glass opened at the same time and allowed in a stream of heated air molecules into the living room space, revealing a short, squat elderly female.
He did not spin around to see the new guest but frowned in disgust at his daughter. “… arrived.”
Gem and Fawn laughed out loud at his unspoken nasty comment. Fawn spun around and stood in place with a fake smile, staring at truly the ugliest dress in the world.
Magritte possesses an average height, plump body frame from her elderly age wearing an off-the-shoulder antebellum gown in funeral black hue with a column of dull-tinted golden painted flying butterflies traveling down on side of her fluffy dress, a wrist bone pair of golden-tinted finger-less gloves, a pair of golden-tinted low sandals, and glittering set of golden nuggets around her naked, wrinkled throat, both of her sagging earlobes, each one of her wrinkled wrist bones, and four of her wrinkled finger bones, excluding her five-carat diamond engagement ring and her golden tinted wedding band of solid diamonds. Her shoulder length bleached golden-blondish tinted hair is curled into a tight bun on top of her bone skull, where the exposed leap of bun hair strands is surrounded by a black-tinted, floppy, antebellum hat covering her two haunted eye sockets, without seeing Ace, but hearing his nasty comment.
Ace spun around and smiled at his new step-grandmother feeling great disgust and grand displeasure, wondering about his grandfather’s taste in the female species. But his grandfather is old and lonely and wealthy. Magritte is old and desperate and wealthy. So, the elderly couple matched their weaknesses and then became married as a wedded couple.
Gem spun around and smiled at her great step-grandmother. “Magritte.”
Magritte slowly entered the room and tossed both of her gloves in the air near her jaw line, smiling at the Smith family members. “I am here. I have arrived. Everything is fine and dandy now. Where are all of the other guests for your bridal shower, dearie?”
Gem frowned. “Uh! The guests are coming for another thirty minutes.”
She nodded with a smile and scanned an empty room, “Nonsense! A southern belle is always early, not late.”
Ace leaned over and kissed his future bride, pulling back with a frown, nodding with a smile. He spun around and moved ahead with Fawn, passing Magritte, sneering with his manly timber. “Bye, Gritty!”
Magritte gasped in shock at the rude man and turned with a fake smile, staring at the nose profile on Ace, “I beg your pardon.”
Gem swayed back and forth in her ugly dress and faked a smile at her new great step-grandmother. “My daddy said, greetings. He mixes up his words early in the morn...”
“The time is early afternoon.” She frowned.
“Yeah! Time for me to go, before the sun rises again!” Ace laughed out loud and parted from Fawn, slowly moving ahead through the open archway, nodding to some of the other arriving guests that wore an ugly antebellum dress, also, without closing the glass door. He slowly shuffled ahead with a smile at his brilliant escape plan towards his personal vehicle on the city street for a relaxing day while killing life forces.

Fourteen hours later, nighttime, bright stars with moon rays, at 11:35 pm, in the bedroom setting, Fawn could not sleep and as her mind clicked with new possibilities regarding her medical condition.

get up!  do something!

She tumbled from the bed mattress without making too much noise and moved out from the bedroom setting, down the staircase, and stumbled ahead into the semi-dark room illuminated with tons of moonlight rays and then landed on top of the teal colored sofas. She whipped out her personal mobile telephone and typed on the tiny keyboard silently reading the new electronic information. An internist physician specializes in the diagnosis and medical treatment of adults including allergy and immunology, cardiology of the heart, endocrinology of hormone disorders, hematology of blood disorders, infectious diseases, gastroenterology with diseases of the guts, nephrology of kidney diseases, oncology cancer, pulmonology with lung disorders, and rheumatology of arthritis and musculoskeletal disorders.

wow!  an internist doctor studies different parts of the human body.  i only need someone that studies the throat muscles.  i do possess allergies or heart issues or hormone problems.  i do not have trouble with my stomach or my kidneys or my lungs.  and i do not possess arthritis or cancer cells.  so, maybe, i do not need to see an internist physician.

She started typing and found more electronic information reading silently. A family practitioner is devoted to comprehensive health care for people of all ages, genders, diseases, and parts of the body, emphasizing disease prevention and health promotion.

yes.  yes.  yes.  i need help with my body’s health promotion.  i guess so.  so, i need to go and visit a family practitioner.  wait!  what is the difference in an internist physician and a family practitioner?

She started typing on the keyboard and then stopped silently reading the new digital information.
An internist physician only sees a patient from the age of eighteen years old through the geriatric years screening and then treating common adult problems, such like, diabetes and hypertension. A family practitioner cares for a patient from birth until death focusing on wellness diseases for pediatrics, adult medicine, obstetrics, and gynecology, mental health and other clinical and chronic issues.

yes.  yes.  yes.  i want to see and visit a family practitioner.  i need to set an appointment tomorrow morning.

Fawn smiled in silence and started typing on the keyboard, finding a list of family practitioner, swiftly typing out a new text message to each digital office for a physician’s appointment anytime tomorrow to discuss her clinical problem and heal her throat for speech. Then she would become a normal girl, a normal wife, and a normal person. She finished her task with a nod and stood upright, slowly climbing the new staircase, returning back to the bed mattress for slumber.

Monday, July 1st


07:29 a.m.
Heated day with hot air temperatures and bright sunlight
House location with Ace, Fawn, and Gem
Front porch setting


After a shared breakfast meal with Fawn, Ace slowly moved ahead with her girl from the kitchen setting towards the front porch at his residential house, holding his worn, brown-tinted briefcase with one hand and his folded Coast Guard jacket over the same arm. He would don his U.S. Coast Guard uniform two more times, before the Fourth of July, America’s annual birthday.
Ace had offered his work resignation from the U.S. Coast Guard military base with a happy heart and an active mind. He loved his military judgeship and his new bride desiring to please his future wife and ending his military career. Ace was almost a billionaire or pretty close to the billion dollar mark inside his bank trust fund and did not need a working job but desired a happy married life with his girl Fawn.
They planned to travel and see the world while his daughter Gem started back in the eleventh grade at her private academic prep school, completing her education. Gem didn’t mind either. She enjoyed her high school friends and her new automobile. Anyways, his Resources watched over his daughter and his future wife for any present or future troubles.
Ace could have retired from the military last week, but this particular work week was the holiday celebration of the United States of America as one of the youngest governments in the world that was over 240 years of age. The military court room was not closed but busier than hell with a set of new demons, so Ace offered to work as the lonely, angry military judge during the holiday week. By Wednesday afternoon, the court room would clear out with each guilty, convicted prisoner, since Ace did not receive an innocent person inside his court room. Then he would close his office door for the last time, maybe he would leave the office door open, returning back home a free man and an unemployed slacker, retiring from the U.S. Coast Guard service.
Their wedding ceremony was scheduled on the thirteenth day of July, Saturday morning. No one wanted their wedding date as the thirteenth date within the month, which was an unlucky number. Ace didn’t care. He had to wait that long period of proper time, until each one of the proper bridal lunches and showers and tea parties were all done and gone.
They stopped in front of the glass door. He leaned over, kissing her lips for a few second. His eyeball caught the motion through the transparent entrance door. Ace pulled back and laughed out loud, leaning over, opening the door. “Hey, Gritty!”
Magritte stood in place and folded her smile down into a straight line of annoyance. She greatly disliked that tacky nickname and had repeated whined about the childish insult to her new husband, Attila Smith, about the delicate and sensitive matter coming from her new step-grandson. Her husband and Ace’s grandfather laughed off the funny subject, without action. She displays an ankle-length, black-tinted, short-sleeved, linen dress and a pair of golden low-heeled sandals decorating her body in the same set of golden tinted nuggets around her naked, wrinkled throat, her two sagging earlobes, her two wrinkled wrist bones, and four of her wrinkled finger bones, excluding her five-carat diamond engagement ring and her golden tinted wedding band of solid diamonds.
He loudly mumbled at his new step-grandmother for his eardrums only. “Black again!”
Fawn continued to stand and turned to face the nose profile on Ace, speaking into his mind.

what’s wrong here, ace?

Magritte sneered at Ace. “I beg your pardon!”
Ace laughed and huddled Fawn, winking at Magritte. “O! Back again!”
Fawn continued to touch his arm and faked a smile at Magritte, speaking into his mind.

ace!

Magritte faked a smile to her rude, ill-bred step-grandson. “I am here present coordinating the next bridal shower, working with all of the decorators for the upcoming social event on Saturday afternoon. We all must work quickly to achieve and set up the pirate decorations, before Friday night.”
Ace frowned. “Pirates! Are you really inviting pirates into our home?”
“The theme of the bridal tea party is a pirate showcase. Everyone, including you, must be presented as a pirate with their loot for the princess pirate.”
“Hmm! I hear and I see. So, I’ll be wearing my favorite pair of black jeans with my black cowboy boots, a black tinted tee shirt, and a black mask with a real sword. However, that silly party seems like a weird bridal theme for a happy occasion.”
“Nonsense! The city of Mobile was built with pirate blood, sweat, and tears. Who do think fought against the invading forces coming from the Native American Indians, the vicious troopers with vicious swords coming from the foreign countries of France, Spain, and Britain?”
“Hmm! Let me think! The Americans won.” He laughed out loud.
Magritte exhaled with annoyance, slowly moved ahead into the spacious living room setting and scooted around the young couple, heading towards the kitchen area for a cold beverage.
Ace exhaled with annoyance and leaned over, trying to kiss his girl, when a pair of women entered the open archway, walking in-between the couple. Ace jerked back and sneered, turning his frown into a smile at the two familiar faces. “Hey! I see Tabby and Gabby. Where’s Abby?” He laughed at his personal joke. Fawn stared at Ace with mystery. She recognized the two females from his church choir.
Ace smiled then stated. “O well and hi hell! I gotta go. Have some fun today!” He moved ahead and reached over dragging Fawn with him towards the open archway, slamming into his grandfather. “Hey, Grandfather! Good timing! I gotta go to work and you’re in charge of Fawn. Protect her from the enemy, if you know wanna I mean,” he winked with a chuckle.
Grandfather Smith softly chuckled with a nod and reached out, grabbing the other arm on Fawn, cuddling her into his chest. He exclaimed for fun, “Aye! Aye, Commander! Go and toss all of those criminals back into the crowded, busy city streets of Mobile, where they can do some real death and damage!” He continued to chuckle at the true events of the military and the Mobile police force.
Ace nodded with his smile then said. "Aye, Captain! I'll have fun and be done by suppertime." He leaned over and quickly kissed Fawn pulling back with a smile, swiftly moving ahead through the crowd of new visitors flowing nicely into the Smith house. He was happy to leave the busy place for a quiet court room setting today.

At 07:53 a.m., from the open archway, Grandfather Smith slowly strolled ahead with Fawn, ignoring the loud commotion from the group of invited visitors, opening the rear door. Fawn led from the interior house onto the patio floor, sitting down on one of the patio chairs.
Attila sat in the other chair admiring the newly planted plot of colorful flowers inside the manicured year, saying to Fawn. "Don't fret, Fawn! All of this will end very soon. Then, the house will become quiet. Gem likes driving her new sport car and all of her old friends, buzzing around town, staying out of your hair rollers. She is now attending the eleventh grade. Next year, she will become a senior student and appear more absent with plans of attending college and partying with her old and new high school friends. And what will you and Ace do with an empty house?" He turned and winked at Fawn.
She turned and smiled at Attila. She liked his warmth and humor, like his grandson.
The rear door burst open and revealed a tall, slender male, tossing both of his hands in the air, moving ahead towards Fawn. “There, she is, both the bride and the party girl! I need you to stand, so I can measure the silk fabric over your slender body, honey.”
Fawn slowly stood upright from the cushion with a smile. The clothes tailor quickly wrapped a bolt of red and black satin fabric around her upright body, pinning and measuring the correct measurements. He stood upright from the patio floor and back stepped, nodding with a smile. "There! I'll all done! You must come by my designer studio on Tuesday afternoon for the finally fitting, pirate princess." Fawn nodded with a smile in silence. The male designer handed the both of fabric back to his female assistant and then grabbed a new bolt of thicker red and black fabric, spinning around, staring down at the thick hair roots on Attila. "I need to..."
“I carry concealed.” Granddaddy stated then grinned at Fawn.
The male designer gasped in alarm and slowly back stepped from Attila, holding the bolt of fabric, colliding into his row of female assistants. He said, "All right! You are set for the pirate party, Pirate King. Let's go, folks! We’re finished here." He spun around to face the wall of glass doors, leaving the patio area, exiting the house for his work.
On top of the patio area, Attila chuckled with Fawn, when the glass opened and revealed Magritte. She entered the patio and stopped beside Attila. "Did you get measured for your..."
"... funeral attire. Why do you always dress like you are attending a wake, Magritte?" Attila wore a sour frown and surveyed her dress in dark colors.
She laughed. "At least, I'm not part of a wake. Did you get...?"
"Yes. Yes. Yes." He flipped his hand in annoyance at the busybody wife. "We’ve been properly measured and primed for any event. Go away, woman! I'm chatting with my new granddaughter."
Magritte gasped in shock. "But..."
He frowned. "But, what! Get moving, honey! We're busier than bumblebees out here, pollinating the flower beds," Attila laughed and as Fawn smiled. She liked his aggressive personality towards the group of bossy southern belles.
A young female waiter, with a head of long black hair and a short tan colored mini-dress and a pair of tan colored sneakers, scooted around Magritte and then stopped, leaning down, offering a tray of slender glasses with light brown colored sweet tea and a single lemon slice. Attila nodded with a smile and accepted two tumblers, offering one to Fawn. "Thank you, kindly!" The waitress shuffled off the patio floor leaving the threesome.
Magritte grunted with annoyance and turned staring down at the light brown hair roots on Fawn. "Fawn, I do not know how you communicate with Ace."
Attila laughed. "Very effectively!"
She grunted with annoyance again. "But, please, tell Ace that he must come in a proper costume as a pirate captain. Else..."
"You should not angry Mother Nature or my grandson Samuel Attila Smith, the third. He does not take kindly to verbal, written, or electronic bodily threats, my dear. You need to remember that, Magritte. Now, run along and boss the other guests around the place. Fawn and I are in the middle of a lovely conversation." He chuckled and as Fawn smiled. Magritte grunted her dissatisfaction again and spun around, leaving the patio surface and the humid morning air molecules. He slowly sipped the sweet tea and pursed his lips from the sugary beverage, "Ah! Just perfect! Life in the South is just perfect! What did you say, Fawn?"
Again, one of the rear patio doors slid open and revealed a tall, muscular male, holding a tray of food items, invading the cool shade on the patio surface and stopped beside Attila. He leaned over and offered the tray of food, wearing a white tinted tee shirt and a pair of tan colored walking shorts, and a pair of tan colored flip-flops.
Attila looked up with a smile and then frowned at the young male. "Are you one of the hired helpers, sonny?"
The male smiled down at the elderly gentleman still holding the tray of food items. "Yes, sir!"
Attila frowned. "Well, you look like a hired gun. I hope you are working your ass through college courses or some other type of technical school for a real paying job, beside a sissy waiter at the local restaurant."
The male continued to smile and held the tray of delicious food items. "No, sir!"
Attila huffed. "Well, you need to join one of the U.S.A. military branches and get yourself worldly educated and take care of your ass, sonny. No one is going to do it for you."
The male softly chuckled. "I’m afraid of guns, sir."
"Figures! The youth are afraid of their own shadow and don't carry concealed. What’s happening to the world?" Attila flipped his hand in the air and wore a sour frown dismissing the waiter with annoyance.
The waiter produced an empty platter and gently lowered the dish down onto the wooden table, slowly placing an assortment of food items on the ceramic for the elderly gentleman and the pretty girl, arranging each piece with care. He slowly stood upright with a smile and nodded to Fawn and then Attila. "You have a very nice day, sir and miss. If you need anything else, I am inside the house working in the kitchen. Please let me know. I would be very happy to accommodate your wishes. Thank you very much!" He spun around with a smile and entered back into the house, humming a merry musical tone, working his paid job.
Attila exhaled with annoyance and reached out, picking up one of the food items from the platter, shaking his bone skull. "The young people are missing the boat, the bus, and the band, standing in the flood of incompetence and indecision. I’m older, wiser, but I can’t any longer defend all their asses against the hidden enemy. I shore hope you and Ace raise your children with tons of respect, honor, and guts, Fawn."
Fawn gasped in alarm and then smiled at the bold statement from an older man, who lived in a different time and different generation. She had not thought about a baby with Ace. Gem was the only daughter and two of the only living relatives for Ace. He worshipped his grandfather and protected his daughter. Fawn didn't know if Ace cared about having a second child as Gem was going off to enjoy the college scene a few months from now.
Ace was retiring from the USA military Coast Guard and wanted to travel the world, without towing along a newborn baby or a newborn puppy or an annoying teenage daughter. 
Fawn would have to inquire with Ace about a second child, after they scheduled wedding ceremony next weekend. However, she could not speak with words with a young child or coo for fun at a newborn baby, like a new mother. She exhaled with disappointment that her life was filled with fun and Ace, but that might be all of her life for the future. If she happened to produce a child, then she would have to hire a nanny for communication. Fawn turned and stared at the nicely manicured lawn, desiring to speak, talking to her own child with her own words and smiles and laughter.
At 08:03 a.m., her mobile telephone softly chimed with a familiar rock and roll musical song. She whipped out the phone and stared down at the new text message, offering a new appointment with one of the family practitioners. She needed to see the medical physician and attend that scheduled appointment, working on a medical cure with her non-working vocal cords. Fawn typed back on the keyboard her response and then looked up, staring at Attila.
He didn't need to understand but flipped his hand, nodding with a smile. "If that’s Ace, then tell him, I got everything under control. Go on and meet him! I'll stay and make everyone leave before ya'll come back home."
On top of the chair, Fawn nodded with a smile and stood upright from the cushion, holding the phone, leaning over and planted a sweet daughterly kiss on his smooth cheekbone. she stood upright and smiled again, spinning around, dashing through a busy room of worker bees that were transforming the gigantic room into a gigantic pirate ship for the upcoming bridal shower.
Gem was upstairs sleeping inside her bedroom and would not come down into late afternoon. 
Ace was a work coming home at suppertime.
Fawn veered towards the kitchen space and left her house through the kitchen door, dashing ahead through the lawn towards her parked car. She had moved her automobile from the garage space and parked on the city street for a fast escape from the house, if the moment arose. She carefully drove to the physician office.

hurray!  i am free from Magritte for the rest of the day.  hurry!  but don't speed!  hurray!

At 08:05 a.m., on the United States Coast Guard military base, within four walls of dark cherry wood, inside an empty court room, Slick leaned back into the hard chair and sat behind the prosecution table beside Buck, wearing his military uniform without the jacket. Ace leaned back in another hard chair and sat across from his two friends and co-workers, without his suit jacket also. The court room space was empty. The group of convict prisoners were heading to the military prison for years or back out into the busy city streets of Mobile. The table surface contained trays of breakfast entrees and warm beverages during the relaxed morning non-working activities.
Ace was required to stay until the end of the working day, waiting and watching out for another guilty military prisoner, who would be swiftly punished for some reason and then dismissed from the court gallery.
Ace nodded with a stern face and tapped on the warm coffee cup with hot chocolate, not coffee or tea. "Yes, I do believe that leaving my military career is both hard and needed. I love Fawn. We were meant to be together, foreverly." He exhaled with frustration and shook his bone skull. "We have been together through hell and fire and still like each other. How about that?" He laughed with his two work employees and old friends.
"That's nice, Ace! I'm really happy for you and Fawn." Buck smiled and then consumed the rest of the warm coffee, gently placing an empty mug on top of the table surface.
"Good show, Boss! I grant both of you a happy marriage, foreverly, too." Slick smiled and fiddled with the cloth napkin.
Ace had known through the proper military channel the unshared information. Both Buck and Slick had resigned from the US Coast Guard military with thirteen years of service, wanting to go their separate ways and start their own adventure without hanging onto the shirt tail of Ace. However, neither one of them had bothered to inform Ace. He was not mad or glad or sad but confused. They had been the threesome together here on the Mobile military base for nine long years, when Ace had become the new judge.
Ace nodded. "Well, I've told you my life story up until now. I'll end my military career on Wednesday afternoon at five pm and then become a married man," he laughed with his two buddies. "Am I making the right move, Buck?"
Slick answered for Buck with a wink to Ace. "Yes, you are."
Ace slapped his chest with a smile, "I’m happy, and I’m about to become happier. So, what about you and you?"
Buck looked down at the smooth table surface and mumbled out loud. "Well, I'm quitting the Coast Guard."
"Why? Why’s that, Buck? I don't understand." Ace frowned at the thick hair roots on Buck.
Buck looked up and nodded with several times to Ace. "I'm just tired of the bullshit within the military service. Do this! No! Do that! Naw! Now, cover over here and do this again!"
Ace nodded. "What are you doing and where are you going?"
Buck nodded with a stern face. "I'm going to start working for the private company. The..."
"I can't stand not seeing you next week here inside the court room, Boss," Slick laughed with Ace.
Ace nodded. "Yeah! Both of you are leaving the military scene. Do you and you wanna really leave the military?"
Slick frowned. "Why are you posing some many numerous nosy questions at us, Ace?"
Ace turned and nodded to Slick. "Why are you quitting the military, Slick? You have seven more years in the Coast Guard and then done and gone with the military life and the start of your military retirement pension."
"Look! This my business, not your business, Ace." Buck frowned.
"How so?" Ace exhaled with annoyance. "I hate to see both of you toss away a nice military career for more money, less glamour, less working hours, seeing more of your family members." He laughed with amusement.
Slick sneered at Ace and stood upright from the hard chair, banging both of his fists down onto the hard table surface, shouting out loud with angry. "You do not own me. You do not know me. You do not control me."
"Me, either, Ace!" Buck slowly stood upright from the hard chair and stared with a stern face at Ace.
Ace wiggled in the chair and shook his bone skull and both palms near his smile. "Sit down! Sit down! I'm joking here. Come on! Can't ya'll take a joke or two?" He scooted the chair from the edge of the table surface and leaned down, grabbing two individual paper bags that a student used for the school lunch meal, lifting both of his palms near his smile. "Please, sit down, gentlemen. I have a gift for each one of you." He turned and stared at each friend. Slick sat down and exhaled with annoyance. Buck followed suit and stared at Ace. Ace exhaled with delight and slowly scooted each paper bag to each friend. "This is a gift for each one of my true friends. Go ahead and open your gift. I wanna see your face of shock and awe."
Buck nodded with a smile and moved to open the folded brown tinted paper bag, revealing a single object, holding it in the air. "O! Thanks, Ace!"
Slick opened his paper bag and revealed a single dollar bill without a paper note or ugly art work, studying the item in silence.
Ace cleared his throat and nodded to his two friends. "That’s a single dollar bill. It is meant as a single opportunity, not a single item."
Buck shook his shoulder length blonde tinted hair. "Naw! I’ve already signed a legal employment contract with my new employer. I can't back out of the agreement. Something bad could happen. I’m sorry, Ace. You’ve been a great friend and a great supervisor, but I’m moving ahead with my new work job."
Slick wiggled the dollar bill and shook his cropped hair with brown hue. "Yeah, I have a new commitment too. I must reject your opportunity too."
Ace nodded several times and wiggled both of his palms near his smile. "I understand your concerns and your new decision. Please, hear my new opportunity. Is that okay? Do you agree?"
Each soldier nodded in silence. He said. "I have established a legal private community money foundation for my sister Mary Ann Smith."
Slick nodded with a stern face. "That's great, Ace. A community foundation is also a non-for-profit organization that requires money to operate. I understand the concept of a foundation, but lack the funds needing to run the organization."
Ace nodded with a stern face. "Yes, Slick is correct. The monies into a foundation comes from a family or an individual or a corporation. I am going to be the source of the money funding as I am close to becoming a billionaire. A billion dollar bank account is a massive amount of monies that I can't spend within my lifetime. But I am setting up bank accounts for my daughter Gem and my new bride Fawn. Thus, I am going to place, each annual year, some of my money down into my new foundation charity, not a family company, for profit. However, I need a few individual persons to run the foundation like a president, an accountant, a lawyer, and a few other positions. I am asking to each one of you, if you are interested in running my personal foundation, with a salary and benefits, of course. I must maintain the position of president. Fawn is the vice president, of course. I have hired an accountant to pay all the bills and a lawyer for the legal stuff. I need a couple of officers that wanna go out into the community and give grants to school for all elementary, middle, and high school athletic programs, marching band organizations, and award all types of academic college educational grants for any high school graduating student that wants or needs some assistance in college. I plan not to come into work. The accountant and the lawyer can do all of the paperwork. I was hoping you and you would join and work for my foundation with a starting salary of two million dollars and some awesome benefits for the family members. Just to let you know, Uncle Sam takes half of your salary dollars, so you have to live on one million dollars each year."
Buck smiled with a nod. "Yes!"
Slick turned and frowned at his friend. "Buck, you didn't ask one single question about the new job opportunity."
He smiled. "Yes, I wanna come and work for you, Ace. What do I do? When do I start?"
Slick frowned. "What about your legally signed employment contract with your new employer that starts next week?"
Ace smiled and slowly stood upright from the chair, flipping his hand in the air. "Don't worry about it, Buck! I'll get my overpaid, underutilized, but smart-ass lawyer on that legally signed employment contract. You’ll be outta of it by noon today. If you must pay a financial monetary penalty, the accountant will do from the operating fund of my new foundation. Then you'll be a free man to come and work for me. You and Slick can create your own title and set your own hours and determine how to spend the grant fund account of thirty million dollars each year throughout the community. Now, what’s your answer, Slick?"
Slick pocketed the dollar bill for a rainy day and looked up, winking at Buck, smiling at Ace. "Well, I can't leave my buddy with all of that money. I'm in. When do we start, Ace?"
Ace smiled. "When is your last day here at the military base?"
He smiled. "My last day as a member of the US Coast Guard military is Wednesday."
Buck nodded. "Me, too!"
Ace nodded. "Bring back all of your U.S. military gear on Wednesday morning and turn all of the U.S. Federal Government property back into the court house, Commander. Then, I'll sign your set of exit papers, that day. Then, you and you go down to South Board Street…”
“…the sleazy part of Mobile…” Buck laughed.
“Ace is spending all of his riches on us, buddy!” Slick laughed.
Ace winked at Buck. “Don’t you carry concealed, boy?” He chuckled with Slick. “Anyways, our secured building with an interior parking garage that can be chained up during the day or nighttime activities is directly across from the Alabama Probation and Parole Building. You might find a use for some fun target shooting,” he laughed with his two buddies.
Buck frowned. “Okay! I need my hidden weapon. Do I need to bring anything else for my safety and my newest job opportunity, Ace?”
“Bring yourself, your social security card, your birth certificate, and your hand gun,” he chuckled with his two buddies. “Then you’ll become employed that day.”
“But we’re still employed by the US Coast Guard military service, that day, too.”
“That’s okay! You are an American and you can work two or three jobs as long as you pay all of your USA American federal and state income taxes. Speaking of taxes, the hired, highly paid and really smart CPA accountant will prepare and file your federal and state income taxes each year and she will show you how to hide more of your money from Uncle Sam, like all the other super-mega elite scrum bags do without paying one penny in income taxes, only the hard-working man and woman.”
“That seems unfair to avoid paying my share of taxes to support the US military forces and other social programs for the really needy peoples that need food and shelter and heat.” Buck frowned.
Ace smiled. “And you will possess thirty million dollars to help all of these needy people survive for another day and night and maybe get some of them a good working job and some independence off the U.S. Federal Government. How does that sound, Buck?”
Slick answered for his friend with the same thoughts and questions. “That sounds like awesome plan for me and Buck. Thanks, Ace! I really appreciate the opportunity to transform some bad guys and gals into good kids.”
"You are very welcome. Well, the day looks relaxed and easy. What happened to the criminals?” Ace laughed.
Buck shook his bone skull and winked to Ace. “A person is innocent of the crime, before that individual is proven guilty.”
“Where in the hell does that criminal live?” He laughed again.
One of the closed doors slowly swung open and revealed a familiar face. The female entered the room holding a picnic basket in brown weave and waved with a smile at Ace, moving down an empty aisle.
Buck spun around and frowned at the familiar girl. “What’s she doing here?”
Slick turned and sneered at the girl also. “Why’s she doing here?”
Ace turned and stared at the girl, flipping his hand in the air, nodding with a grin to the girl. “All right! We don’t know the answer to either one of these posed questions. Go ahead and get lost for the day, guys! If one of these criminals moseys across your footpath, then bring him or her to me. I like doing my thing before my supper meal. I will inquire with the girl her purpose and intent. If I need help, I’ll type out a text messages,” he laughed. “Bye, guys!” Buck and Slick scooted from the table and slipped out the side door into an empty hallway whispering to each other while pondering the appearance of that girl.
The female stopped and stood behind the short gate, smiling at Ace. “Ace, I’ll so glad that you’re still here at the base. I was wondering if you had taken some time off for the upcoming holiday week. But I can see that you’re still here and not working, at the moment. Did you have lunch? I happen to hold a basket of fried chicken and warm buttered biscuits.” She slapped the gate open with a giggle and shuffled ahead, scooting in front of the table, placing the basket on top of the hard surface. She started unpacking each item and presented to Ace.
Ace continued to sit in the hard chair and wore a stern face, staring at the female, who had attended and graduated from the same prep school. “Well, this is not nice to see you here at the military base. I saw Tabby and Gabby at my home, before I left for my work day. They were busy assisting Gritty with the wall decorations transforming the wall into a pirate ship. Why are you not there? What are you doing here, Abby?”
She continued to arrange the food items in front of Ace and said with a smile. “You’re so entertaining, Ace. Using that trio of silly names for me and my two sisters. You’re such a flirt. I always enjoyed your silly boyish banter. Please use both of your naked hands for anything on the menu,” she winked to Ace.
He continued to sit without touching one of the food dishes, viewing her blonde tinted hair roots, “What are you doing here, Abby?”
She smiled. “My uncle works here. Don’t you remember, Ace?”
“O yeah!”

At 08:23 a.m., Fawn raced around the city streets and finally located the physician office building, a ten-story, white-tinted brick-coated structure, and then she parked inside the open lot, exiting her car. She entered the building and used the elevator, stepping off the carriage, walking through a set of nice glass doors surrounded in light colored, polished wood with pale yellow walls on each side for a nice setting.
The reception area is roomy and wide with a burning candle of vanilla spice fumes spreading around the room, making the space smell nice. The room is decorated in hues of candy pink sky blue and pale yellow throughout the walls and individual living room furniture pieces while running with a seashell theme.
Fawn lives in South Alabama, within the seaport and sandy beach city of Mobile, which is the door stop for the Mobile River and the back door into the Gulf of Mexico warm ocean waters. Of course, each interior wall, at every business presents a sandy beach and ocean water scene. The physician office suite is not the exception.
The room currently contained three patients waiting for the physician visit also. Fawn slowly moved ahead, stopped, and slammed a sheet of white paper against the glass window.
Behind the glass window, the receptionist looked up and gasped in shock at the piece of paper, slowly reading out loud. “Uh! I am Fawn. I am mute. I am late. I am sorry. I have an appointment at eight thirty.” Fawn lowered the paper and then slid her insurance card and driver’s license to the girl. The receptionist confirmed the appointment and asked Fawn. “Uh! Yes, I see your appointment. Please, fill out the paperwork and return the clip board back to me. Then the physician can see you in a few more minutes.” Fawn accepted the clip board and spun around, moving ahead towards a wall of mixed pink, blue, and yellow sitting chairs, swinging around and sat down. She whipped out all of her tiny documents and filled out the form by hand, exhaling with hope, standing upright with a smile and advanced towards the glass window again. She slipped the manual clipboard underneath the window slot back to the attentive receptionist. 
The receptionist carefully reviewed the completed form and looked up, smiling at Fawn. “The physician is ready to see you, Miss Fong. Please slide over and use the side door. His nurse will escort you to the examination room.”
Fawn nodded with a smile and an excited heart, sliding over, entering the open archway, following a short, overweight nurse in a pair of dark blue scrubs with a pattern of baby white lambs on the fabric. The hallway contained additional pale blue walls with the same running them of seashells in each mounted picture framed. The nurse stopped and pointed into a pink tinted, small square shaped, examination room that held the usual medical equipment pieces and furniture, consisting a wash sink, a short work counter, an examination bed with a white sheet of butcher paper, and a large glass window that viewed the parking lot of empty slots and a manicured lawn of prepared grass blades and a pod of colorful plants and flowers.
Fawn smiled without sound at the usual atmosphere for a doctor’s office visit and entered the room, spinning around, climbing on top of the tall examination bed and dangled her feet, kicking out each leg with excitement and hope. The door was closed shut by the nurse.
She should have pursed the medical challenge of finding a cure for her lack of speech, before getting married to Ace next weekend on the thirteenth. However, Ace had turned her life upside down and he was also very active with his career and his removing all of his vicious family members that had murdered his biological sister.
Fawn felt both worried and excited, if there was a possibility of locating her voice, so to speak. She didn’t giggle a sound but smiled at her clever thoughts.
The closed door slid open and revealed a smile face and a squat, muscular body on a short female possessing a head of short dark brown hair, a pair of green eyeballs, and a tone of pale skin. The female moved ahead and stopped in front of Fawn. “I am Dr. Windie Cambrone. It is very nice to meet you, Miss Fong. Now, you are mute. Do you recall what might have caused your medical condition?”
Fawn nodded and provided a second sheet of paper. She laughed. “Ah! I have a story.” The physician carefully read out the sheet of paper. “My throat was cut by my biological mother at the age of two weeks old. I was found by a police officer in a garbage bend and saved at the local hospital here in Mobile. But I was never able to moan or groan or grunt or giggle or laugh or talk out loud to another person.” She looked up and handed the paper back to Fawn. “Your mother was an evil person. I hope she is serving her time in hell. Let me quickly examine the other parts of your body first and rule out any type of infection or disease before I view your throat.” Fawn nodded in silence. The physician carefully probed with each one of her medical instruments and checked each eardrum, the heart rate, the wrist pulse, the body temperature, both nose holes, each hand, foot, breast, and each rib inside the rib cage on Fawn and then she back stepped, nodding to her new patient. “Miss Fong, your other body parts are fit and healthy using my trained medical eyes and my medical instruments. So, I have eliminated any type of infection or visual disease from the list of clinical symptoms.” She reached out and gently touched the naked throat muscles on Fawn. Fawn did not stir or jump from the soft touch. The physician nodded. “I find the neck structure normal. I do not feel any sores, lesions, lumps, bumps, cuts, bruises, broken bones, inflammation or swelling. This is good. I do not even see a scar band. And I cannot feel a scar band either. At two weeks old, your tiny baby body quickly healed and then your newborn skin rapidly grew new skin tissue over the brutal cut disguising the scar way into your adult years. So, your exterior throat muscles are completed healed without a permanent scar. Like me examine your tongue, mouth, and throat. Open wide!”
Fawn opened her mouth and closed her eyelashes. She did not enjoy the physician’s physical touch and examination. The physician used a new instrument and examined the mouth content. “I see a healthy tongue, gums, nice teeth, good jaw line. I do not see any puncture or bruising or cuts on the lining of the cheek muscles. You do not possess your tonsils or your adenoids, which have been removed from your body. That would have been a logical medical step, if you were not able to speak or vocalized a sound from your throat muscles, but that medical procedure did not produce any verbal noise. I do not see any type of obstruction down inside your throat.” The physician back stepped and nodded to Fawn. Fawn closed her mouth and felt her heart organ drop down into her ten toe nails.
The physician said. “I do not see any clinical problems with your biological body parts, including your throat muscles. Can you swallow your mouth salvia and small apple slices?” Fawn nodded in silence with a stern face. The physician asked. “Can you swallow small cuts of meats, such like, chicken, beef, pork?” Fawn nodded in silence. The physician asked. “Do you acquire quickly common cold symptoms, frequently? Are you sick with a sore throat, often?”
Fawn shook her curls in silence. The physician nodded. “Do you acquire strep throat symptoms, occasionally? Do you cough at any time? Do you gag on your spit or your food items or your drinks?” Fawn shook her curls in silence. The physician continued. “Does a single food or multiple food particles become lodged down in your throat? Has a soft or a hard object ever become lodged down in your throat?” Fawn shook her curls in silence. The physician nodded. “Do you have any other medical issues with your throat, other than not speaking a single vocal word or producing a faint grunting sound? Do you feel nausea, all the time?” Fawn shook her curls in silence. The physician nodded and back stepped, sliding down on top of the short stool, nodding with a stern face to Fawn. “I see. Your medical dilemma is very obvious.” Fawn softly clapped and smiled at the smart physician. The physician exhaled with worry and nodded with a stern face. “You have AUD.” Fawn frowned. “You drink too much and too many alcoholic beverages.” Fawn gasped in shock and shook her curls at the dumb physician. The physician nodded. “You possess Alcohol Use Disorder or AUD.” Fawn continued to shake her curls and both of her hands in the air, in silence, as she could not yell at the silly physician.
The physician nodded. “AUD is a pattern of alcohol usage while not able to control your drinking habit.”
Fawn gasped in alarm and continued to wave both of her palms, shaking her curls. She did not possess an ink pen to write on the sheet of paper. Then she dropped both of her hands and whipped out her personal mobile telephone, tapping on the notepad feature her response, handing to the physician.
The physician accepted the phone and read out loud the response. “I do not drink any type of alcoholic beverages.” She looked up with a stern face and handed back the phone, exhaling with frustration at the trouble patient. “Well, I cannot do anymore for you, Miss Fong. However, I strongly recommend a new physician, who can assist you with your illness,” she whipped out her personal mobile telephone and smashed the icon, lifting the phone inside her eardrum, exhaling with frustration at her new patient. “Hello! This is Dr. Cambrone. I have a new patient for Dr. Londa Peck. The new patient is sitting inside my examination room and ready to go down to the fifth floor. Do you have an appointment nor or a little later in the morning?” She paused and listened, nodding with a smile to the voice on the opposite end of the phone connection. “Excellent! I will send the new patient down to Dr. Peck. Her name is Fawn Fong. She is coming right away.” She dropped the phone and disconnected the signal. “You are ready for the next physician.” She stood upright from the stool that rolled into the side wall, extending her hand to Fawn, nodding with a smirk. “It was very nice to meet you, Miss Fong. If you find another aliment, someplace else on your body, please come back here to my office, and, maybe, I can fix it.” She laughed out loud and then smiled. “Your insurance will be billed for my professional physician services and your office visits. My receptionist said that your insurance company pays out each medical claim very well. So, you are ready to leave my office. Dr. Peck is located on the fifth floor level, here in the same building. You are located on the eighth floor. I will lead and escort you back down the hallway into the reception door.” Fawn slid down and shook the extended hand with a fake smile and a nod in silence. The physician released her hand and spun around, moving ahead towards the door, exiting the examination room and shuffled down a busy corridor towards the receptionist door.
Fawn exhaled with annoyance and followed the back spine on the family practitioner. She really didn’t feel like seeing another physician but determined to find a cure for her speech. Ace was a working all day long. The group of nice and rude southern belles were measuring the grand living room space for a gigantic pirate ship and all of the small pirate island pieces for the second upcoming bridal shower for bride Fawn.
Fawn didn’t want or need a second bridal shower. She didn’t own any possessions first. Ace had a house full of furniture and numerous items for a newly married couple as he was an older bachelor and lived in the same house, since his birth. However, she greatly desired a cure for her lack of sound and speech. The physician veered into another examination room without a good bye sound. Fawn walked down the busy hallway and opened the door, entering the reception area, again, without bothering to thank the receptionist, exiting the office space. She moved ahead down the hallway and grabbed another elevator, moving downwards towards the fifth floor level.
The elevator doors opened and revealed the same seashell theme running through the walls.
She exited the elevator and turned seeing the name of the next physician on the glass door, Londa Peck, psychiatrist.

this is going to take all of the daylight hours.  i am not worried.  ace is busy with work. grandfather smith is covering for me.  the gang of southern belles are doing whatever and messy up the house.  maybe, i will find out what is wrong with my vocal speech.  then I can become healed and really talk to ace and his friends.

At 09:01 a.m., inside the Coast Guard military base, in the court room setting, at the prosecution table, Ace continued to sit and picking and then eating from each one of the delicious platters of food.
The girl was one of the triplet sister females, who happened to be visiting her uncle at the Coast Guard military base, this morning, and then decided to come and socialize with her former boyfriend Ace. She had told her two sisters that a plate of food would warm the heart of a beast and as she recalled the ancient axiom: The way to a man’s heart is through his stomach.
Of course, she didn’t cook the delicious lunch meal. She only ate food meals, not prepared them. Her house staff of cooks had prepared the meal this morning under her orders. But she concurred with the other southern belles, who were single, lonely and available for a marriage ceremony with a diamond ring and a long wedding dress. A home-cooked meal was the best way to win over his emotional affections for the proper southern lady, like her, not that ugly female named Fawn.
Ace continued to sample the food items, without complimenting the female triplet, from the trio of leeches. The food items were surprisingly very good treat, while pondering the ancient axiom: The way to a man’s heart is through his stomach. He had not problem eating food any time of day or nighttime hours but watched his caloric intake. He was thirty-one years old, not twenty-one years of age.
And the ancient axiom might apply to the majority of males, but that majority did not include Ace. Some food experts, not including Ace, express that food eating is an intimate experiment.

O no!

Sex was the intimate experiment. A plate of food did create a memory reflex or a gag reflex, forged a new friendship or fended an old one. A plate of food did not make Ace’s heart grow fonder of the meal, only his flattened stomach lining exploded sideways. He chuckled with his mental thoughts and then gagged on the food particles, coughing out loud, covering his open mouth with the clean cloth napkin.
On the opposite side of the prosecution table, Abby gasped in worry and cleared her throat. “Are you okay, Ace? Does the platter of mashed potatoes contain too much black pepper? I told her…” she smiled. “I was told that black pepper makes the tube of mashed potatoes much spicier and hotter. Do you like the tasty hotness in the tube of mashed potatoes Ace?”
He cleared his throat and finished chewing the food, nodding with a smirk, without talking to Abby. He really didn’t want to engage a conversation with the dumb southern belle, who was still pretty looking and definitely unmarried at thirty years of age while looking for a husband, which was not Ace.
Anyways, he felt that a good dinner led to good sex. and he could love the home-cooked meal, but not the woman. He chuckled out loud and then gagged on the chewed food particles acting like an ass.
Abby gasped in shock then added. "Are you okay? Is the meal satisfactory, Ace?"
He continued to cough and cleared out the stray food particles from his wind pipe that went down the wrong hole while nodding with a smile, dunking the biscuit down into the gravy and ate the new bite. He opened his mouth and consumed the food. His two buddies Buck and Slick were probably standing in-between the tiny parted door frame watching Ace eat the delicious meal, without an invitation.
On the opposite side of the table surface, she continued to sit and wiggled on top of the hard chair while smiling at Ace. She had prepared a plate of food items also that sat in front of her chest, but she did not dare eat in front of her future husband. She was pleased that her cooked meal had won his heart. Well, the cooked meal had been prepared by the paid and professional cooks at her parents' house.
The food meal plays a part in love for both a male and a female which develops into a long-term steady love relationship, so preparing a food plate is an act of love.
She giggled at her mental thoughts and found her conclusion of the food meal profound. Anyways, she didn't cook the food meal which didn't matter. She had a house full of paid staff members to perform that daily and night task. She could hear the church bells chiming for their upcoming wedding ceremony at the end of the heated summertime days.
Her sister was wrong to use that witch altar as a substitution of old-fashioned home-cooked meal that make a man's heart yearn for his true love.
Abby continued to sit, stared, and smiled at Ace while he continued to grunt and eat each food item.
He swallowed the food item and pondered a new saying within his active brain cells: the way to a man's heart is through his eardrums.
A modern day man feels more sensitive and actively emotional while living in this competitive and stressful world of dog eats dog. The modern man has emotional needs that must be fulfilled that goes straight through his heart and into his brain cells, not the stomach lining. The stomach only grows, when hunger. The mind clicks and activates all of the nerve endings when sad, glad, or mad.
She continued to smirk and stared at Ace while hoping he would ask her to make him a later afternoon sandwich from the left-over food items which truly indicated a budding, blooming romance with her girly southern belle company.
He chewed the last lump of food and wiped off a dirty mouth with the cloth napkin, nodding with a pair of closed lips, lifting his hand in the air. Abby tensed with a smile and fluttered with her girly love emotions inside her heart. Ace was going to compliment her cooked meal again and finally engage in a romance conversation.
He wiggled the arm in the air and coughed out loud, clearing the lumpy food particles from his throat, calling out loud. "Hey, guys! Slick. Buck! Come in here and get some food! Abby was so sweet and kind preparing a picnic basket of food treats for the entire base of hunger US Coast Guards," he laughed with a wink at Abby. Of course, both Slick and Buck were standing in the slightly parted door frame while spying on Ace, drooling over the good-smelling food items. After the loud call, they bolted through an open archway and dashed over the polished floor, colliding into the prosecution table, sliding down into one of the hard chairs and then attacked the food platters with a set of bad redneck manners in front of the pretty gold diggers, that was annoying Ace.
Abby gasped in alarm and then smiled, not really desiring to greet and meet the two employed soldiers, who worked underneath military judge Ace Smith while nodding with her fake smile using her southern belle manners at Slick and Buck.

At 09:28 a.m., on the fifth floor level, Fawn had sat on top of the ugliest loveseat in the world which was covered in tan hue with an array of very large hand-drawn brown-tinted pelicans. She never considered a pelican mammal a lovely creature of the seas and still didn't. The cute seashell theme had ended at the doorway into the physician's office on the fourth floor level of the same office building. The interior square-shaped tiny chamber room exhibited a set of four mud-colored dark walls that enclosed the sinuses and the emotions on Fawn. She felt like a can of open tuna inside the dark-tinted refrigerator shelf, alone, cold, and lonely. Each wall was naked, without a glass window viewing the sunrays or a single piece of art work cheering up the scared patient or a single framed diploma of the licensed psychiatrist.
For two hours and ten minutes, at 11:38 a.m., Fawn had sat and nodded in silence to each one of the medical questions coming from a really young, plain-looking psychiatrist, who displayed a pair of aqua colored irises, a tone of pale skin, and a head of shoulder length red tinted hair, who was called Desani Barron, DO. Fawn had retold her sad medical story by typing out numerous text messages on her personal mobile telephone screen to Desani.
Desani continued to look down at the screen on her mobile telephone, fiddling the keyboard, typing out her notes from Fawn or playing on an internet game in boredom. Fawn could not distinguish the physician's work habits either. Desani looked up with a stern face and continued to hold her mobile telephone, saying with a stern tone. "Thank you for coming to my private medical setting. I do not see that you need to become admitted into a hospital room." Fawn gasped in shock and could not speak her words or grunt her disapproval to the young medical physician.
Desani continued. "As part of my clinical assessment procedure, I have employed the standard mental status examination which has provided a negative conclusion." Fawn slightly nodded in silence back to the young physician as she could not grunt a sound.
Desani continued. "I could prescribe a physical examination using a brain imaging computerized tomography scan or a magnetic resonance imaging or MRI, or a positron emission tomography which is called a PET scan." Fawn gasped in alarm and did not nod back to the physician. The physician smiled. "But you cannot speak words or grunt sounds. And any of these radiological tests will not reveal your clinical issue. However, I could order a blood test. But I fear the results would be negative again regarding the lack of sound coming from your damaged vocal cords." She nodded with a grin. "This is the good news for you, Fawn. I have not found any clinical indicators regarding any type of flawed genetics, such as, Alzheimer's disease, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder or A.D.H.D., sleep disorder, an eating disorder, any sexual disorders, any mood disorders or any anxiety disorders, such like, Obsessive Compulsive Disorder or O.C.D., Post-traumatic Stress Disorder or P.T.S.D."
She waved both of her arms in the air and wore a stern face, slapping both of her hands on top of the mobile telephone, without injury. "I do not see any psychological issues here within your biological body or inside your mental mind state. So, I cannot help your medical condition. However, I do another idea for you to explore. I am going to send you to an orthopedic medical physician."
She looked down at the phone screen and typed a new text message to the next medical physician. "I am typing out a text message for a new appointment for Papillion Aldrey, MD. He is an oncologist and could help you. There!"
She looked up and nodded with a smile to Fawn. "Your next medical appointment is set within fifteen minutes, in this building, on the seventh floor. Papillion is available to see new patients also. Thank you for coming, Fawn. Can you walk yourself out from the examination room and down into the lobby?" Fawn nodded with a smile in silence. Desani continued to nod and did not move from her chair. "Bye, Fawn. Great luck!" She looked back down and typed on the tiny keyboard of her personal mobile telephone.
On top of the ugly loveseat, Fawn slowly stood upright from the ugly cushion and stared down at the red tinted hair roots in silence, sliding over from the seat, spinning with a stern face of doubt and moved ahead, leaving the room and the physician.
She slowly padded down an empty hallway without spying into any of the open archways while pondering her next medical appointment with a new medical physician. She looked down at her mobile telephone, seeing the current time of 12:20 pm, looking up and exited the suite of Desani Barron, DO.
Fawn felt a little rushed with time as she had left her home around eight o’clock this morning and abandoned Granddaddy Smith to the wild animals on the patio floor. And Ace did not know of her numerous office visits to an array of medical physicians that could not solve her medical mystery.
She dashed through the busy lobby and entered an open elevator carriage with other patients and guests traveling up towards the seventh floor level, exiting the carriage, entering a new medical office. The room was also decorated in hues of candy pink sky blue and pale yellow throughout the walls and individual living room furniture pieces while running with a seashell theme. She registered at the receptionist desk and presented her insurance card for the office visit, without sitting down in the lobby area.
A side door opened and revealed a squat woman in a set of solid yellow tinted scrubs, motioning with her hand, not her voice, spinning around from Fawn and slowly moved down a long hallway with less seashell pictures and numerous frames with an individual human.
Fawn quickly gathered her personal possessions from the receptionist and swiftly padded through the open archway, following the back spine on the silent nurse, viewing two side walls of individual faces, who were not really happy but slightly worried. She wondered if each picture frame was a dead person in a cold grave of hard dirt, since Fawn was visiting with an oncologist, who was a cancer medical specialist physician with fear and intrigue. She didn't think her set of vocal cords were cancerous, only damaged. If that was the clinical case here, then she might be planning a sad funeral with Ace rather than a happy wedding ceremony. She slowly moved down a busy hallway and peeked into each open archway, seeing a patient that did not appear too healthy. She worried with concern for each patient and her own biological body.
The nurse stopped and then spun around, staring at Fawn, pointing into the new examination room without speaking. Fawn nodded in silence and entered the new room of pink painted wall with one seashell picture and the walls of standard medical equipment for a physician office visit. She immediately sat on top of the examination table with a sheet of white tined butcher paper that wrinkled ugly underneath her both of her folded legs and her flattened fanny tissue.
The nurse did not bother to close the door either.
Fawn whipped out her mobile telephone and quickly read any new text messages, without seeing a sweet text from Ace. He would usually text her during his work days, not today. She understood the reason.
Ace was retiring from the U.S. Coast Guard service as a military judge and becoming a civilian for the first time in his long military life. He was nervous and excited about his new life with Fawn. And Ace was really busy this week, wrapping up the last three days as a career judge, before the American Fourth of July holiday, when he would become unemployed as a working man. Thus, he had forgotten to text his future bride with a sweet message.

At 02:02 p.m., on the US Coast Guard military base, in the court room setting, at the prosecution table, Slick, Buck, and Ace continued to sit and offered an array of funny or dirty jokes about their or someone else's life in the US military and as Abby continued to sit and pretended to laugh or faked a grin at each nasty joke. The picnic table of food items was empty. The table surface was cleaned from smelly food crumbs and the court room was empty with prisoners. One of the entrance doors swung open and revealed the face from one of the military police officers. Then the second door slide open and revealed a trio of people, entering the court room with a prisoner. 
At the prosecution table, Ace looked up and slapped the clean surface, nodding with a smile to the pair of military police officers. "Well, our playtime has ended for the day. We have work to do, Slick and Buck. Thanks for the grub, Abby! Bye, bye Abby! Can you escort Abby back to her car, Buck?" He stood upright from the hard chair and scooted sideways, spinning around, moving ahead back towards the judge's bench for an afternoon of work. He climbed the stairs and slid down into the seat, fiddling with the computer tablet that held the new information regarding the new prisoner. Ace did not find a soldier innocent, only guilty.
Abby continued to sit and as Buck stood upright from the chair, reaching out and grabbed the picnic basket for the southern belle while pointing to the entrance wall. Abby exhaled with annoyance and slowly stood upright from the chair, waiting for the trio of soldiers to clear the court room galley. She slid away from the table and turned facing the entrance wall, smiling with her feat. She and Ace had a wonderful time eating the home-cooked meal, even with the two soldiers while constructing their budding love romance. Ace didn't mention that ugly female one time in front of Abby or his two friends. So, Abby concluded that the ugly female was a passing "Fancy Nancy" for Ace, who was longing and looking for a true southern belle, like Abby.

At 02:08 am, in the medical office building, on the seventh floor, inside the examination room, Fawn continued to play on her personal mobile telephone while wasting her time and the heated day. 
A squat, muscular male entered the room with a smile and grabbed the short stool, rolling up to the examination table, staring at Fawn. "Hello, Miss Fong! Welcome to my clinic! I am Papillion Aldrey. You can call me Dr. Papillion, most of my patients do. I guess you are wondering why you are seeing an oncologist as you do not have cancer. I am also a hematologist, which is the study of blood disorders that are not related to cancer. Some of the common blood conditions include anemia, sickle cell disease and thrombosis.
"The blood disorder of anemia affects three million Americans each year. Anemia is a condition from a shortage of red blood cells, because the body does not produce enough red blood cells or does not replace lost red blood cells fast enough or destroys the red blood cells for some reason. In the red blood cell, hemoglobin is a protein that carries oxygen molecules into the two lungs and then transports carbon dioxide from the two lungs. did you know that? I like to education each one of my new patients. The medical condition of anemia comes from a deficiency of iron in the body or caused by a chronic disease such like cancer. I treat a new patient with the medical condition of anemia using vitamin supplements and a change in dietary meals. If the anemia is dramatic, I involve a blood transfusion or a painful bone marrow transplantation from a blood-kin relative." Fawn gasped in alarm and shook her curls in worry. He laughed. "However, you do not appear anemic. You possess a glowing tone of healthy light brown skin. Do you feel tired or exhausted during the early hours of the bright day? Do you drag around your work office before the lunchtime meal? Do you sleep in the bed mattress right after working before the slumber ritual?" She shook her curls in silence.
He nodded with a smile. "I can rule out the blood disorder of anemia. The most common inherited red blood cell disorder is sickle cell disease which affect 100,000 Americans each year. Sickle cell disease is an inherited gene mutation coming from both parents which changes the physical shape of the hemoglobin protein in the red blood cell. The shape distorted the red blood cells from a round shape into a sickle shape. The abnormal sickle shape pushes each affected red blood cells slowly through the blood stream and blocks some of the blood vessels and cuts off the blood circulation through the human body. This abnormal transportation of each sickle-shaped red blood cell causes pain and organ damage over time inside the affected human body creating a high risk of blocked blood vessels that leads to a brain stroke on the victim. Sickle cell disease is a lifetime condition that cannot be cured but treated for the rest of their life, until their death day.
"This is a bit of interesting ancient old historically and medically and social science information that I would like to share. Through the genetics theory of the Natural Selection Order both the gene pool and the environment can and does influence the human biological and chemical body. Research and historical observation studies have proven that malaria was a problem, within the country of Africa, thus the human body created a gene which mutated and created a sickle cell anemia gene that did resist malaria. As more African peoples migrated out from their homeland continent of Africa and into other foreign countries, without the issue of malaria, some African peoples carted and carried within their human body the genetic sickle cell anemia disorder coming from their biological mother and their father. Present day, sickle cell anemia disorder is a death sentence for a person carrying the mutated gene, because there is no malaria condition for the gene mutation to destroy and protect a non-attacking human body. But I can see that you do not carry the sickle cell blood disease as it affects one hundred of African-Americans only. But is that information not fascinating?" She nodded with a smile in silence.
He continued. "As a hematologist, I also treat thrombosis. The blood disorder of thrombosis affects one million Americans and causes 100,000 deaths each year. Thrombosis is a blood clot in one of the numerous body parts that travels directly up or sideways or downwards into the one or both of your healthy lungs and causes death. do you have trouble breathing or hyperventilating during the day or at night?" She shook her curls in silence. He continued. "Thrombosis is not usually related to a cancer risk but associated with a recent surgery operation, family history, certain drug medications, alcohol consumption, recent pregnancy, smoking nasty cigarettes or cigars and obesity presentation. If you experience a sign of thrombosis, then I can prescribe a blood thinner mediation or a pair of specially designed compression socks for one foot or both feet? Do you experience any of these clinical or medical or addictive conditions?" She shook her curls in silence. He frowned. "I am confused. What is your purpose for the office visit today to a hematologist?"
She whipped out her mobile telephone and typed out a long text message on the phone that was not sent to any person but for visual presentation, handing her telephone with her typed note to the medical physician. He read out loud her typed message. "I am mute. I cannot speak a word or grunt a sound. Dr. Barron sent me here thinking you can help me talk again." Papillion looked up and handed back the phone to Fawn, shaking his bone skull. "I am not a throat doctor. But I can examine your throat for any type of cancerous particles with my one or all of my medical instruments. However, I do believe that the other medical physicians have also do that and found nothing of importance. Am I correct?" She nodded with a sad face. He exhaled with frustration for the new patient. "You do not possess any type of visual cancerous cells, so I cannot help you here. Your set of vocal cords are damaged in some way, so I believe that you need to go and visit with an internist physician. An internist covers more specific areas of the body like the throat and my friend has so really cool pieces of medical equipment that helps lots of folks." He nodded with a smile to Fawn and then looked down, whipping out his personal mobile telephone. "I am going to send a quick text message to my friend, the internist, Dr. Smola Nosser. She is a really cool gal and is always available to diagnosis and treat a difficult patient. Hmm! Smola is booked for the rest of the day, but she has an open appointment at nine o'clock tomorrow morning," he looked up and smiled at Fawn. "Does the time of nine o'clock work within your busy schedule?" She bounced up and down with excitement for another try at verbal speaking, nodding with a smile. He nodded back and looked down, typing on the same keyboard to his doctor friend with the new appointment, returning back, smiling at Fawn. "Done! Smola likes to try new and exciting clinical protocols on difficult patients." He stood upright from the short stool that flung into the side wall with a soft thump, extending his hand with a nod. "It was nice to meet you, Miss Fong! I hope Smola can help you speak out loud."
Fawn slid off the examination table and reached out, shaking and then release his hand, nodding with a smile in silence. She quickly left the room, his office suite, and then the office building, dashing back to her sports car. The time was close to three o'clock in the afternoon. She needed to beat Ace home from work. None of the southern belles or new step-grandmother Magritte would dare to question her absence from her own house as she could not tell them about her numerous office visits to an array of medical physicians today. Ace would not know her secrets either. 
She unlocked the car and slid down into the driver's seat, carefully driving back home with her set of deep, dark, disappointing secrets while feeling a little hope and excitement about tomorrow morning at nine o'clock.
Fifteen minutes later, she safely arrived back at her shared home with Ace and his daughter Gem. Gem was having fund at the beach without a set of nosy adults ruling her teenly life. Fawn could wish for such freedom.
Fawn parked her sports car in the same spot on the public city street a few yards from the entrance of the house, sliding out from the car, slamming the door shut and scanned the city streets and the manicured front lawn. The morning invasion force of pretty and tireless southern belles still worked inside Ace's house on the silly Pirate Bridal theme party which was scheduled for Friday afternoon.
She was not a wealthy socialite like Magritte or one of the popular and known southern belles as she offered wondered what a rich girl did for fun during the day without working a paying job for monies. Now, Fawn understood. The gang of rich girls spent their southern belle time and energy planning a new social party. It was very strange, to Fawn, that the southern belles were hosting a social party in the middle of the daylight hours. However, she also had learned that each southern belle would arise in the early morning and exercise a fit body first, dress their fit and clean body second, eat the lunch meal next and then attend the new social party in the afternoon for two hours. After leaving the old social party, each southern belle would dress for a nightly social party some place within the city of Mobile, before the midnight hour ended the day.

the lifestyle of the rich and famous!

Fawn slowly headed towards the back yard from the city street and spotted Granddaddy Smith. He was slowly poking around the manicured lawn in the shadows of the lovely shade and out of the bright sunlight collecting individual pieces of nasty trash off the manicured lawn, in silence. She approached him from behind, when he spotted the swift movement as an old war soldier with great instincts at the age of 67 years old.
He spun around from the building wall and smiled at Fawn, placing the trash down inside the cloth bag, closing the bag. He would present to his new wife tonight at the dinner meal for some humor fun. He shouldered the back and opened his arm for Fawn, "Welcome back, stranger!" She hugged his fit body for an elderly senior and then pulled back, nodding with a stern face, lifting both of her arms in a crooked gesture while silently indicating to me, if she had been missed from the decorating party.
He reached out and cuddled her body, spinning them around, shaking his bone skull. They slowly shuffled ahead towards the fenced back yard at Ace's house. He smiled. "Naw! No questions! No comments! Good food! I enjoyed my boring day with my new wife. Magritte is a bit pushy, but she tolerates me. That's all of importance here. When you get older, you don't change your old civil or social or criminal ways. So, you and Ace better start to like each other's flaws, which is flesh and blood, not spirit and soul. But Ace is really an easy going boy and tolerates much and just kills what annoys him," he laughed with truth. His teenage grandson, with his set of talented Resources, had found and then permanently murdered the three teenage boys that had killed his parents, without his granddaddy's permission, decades ago. Granddaddy Smith would have ordered the same bloody hit, if he had been quicker and wiser in his old age.
They slowly entered the back yard and moseyed around the yard while Attila updated Fawn about the ugly decorations inside the house while laughing out loud at the silly bridal party theme. He was invited on Friday afternoon social party also and would dress in a solid white business suit that would annoy his new wife and all of the snobby social southern belles here in Mobile.
On the patio floor, the rear door opened and revealed a sour face on Magritte, standing inside the archway, staring at the back spine on each one of the rich, spoiled Mobilian. Fawn had disappeared for the entire day, without offering a nicely manicured fingernail with the bridal party for her upcoming wedding ceremony, here at her house. Attila had wandered off with his future granddaughter-in-law roaming about the neighborhood, like an insane old coot. Well, Magritte was going to create an embarrassing incident in which the gang of southern belles would record and remember for years to come with the old, insane man. She stomped ahead with speed and plowed through the thick plot of manicured grass, catching one of her spiky low shoe heels down into the thick brown tinted dirt, grunting with annoyance at the embarrassment.
In front of the grove of short trees and pods of colorful flowers, Fawn and Attila stood and as he pointed down at each flower, tattling the history of the plant when, a set of quick movements caught the side view on the old man. He slowly spun around with Fawn to face the rear patio doors and laughed at the silly sight, slowly moving ahead with Fawn, stopping in front of Magritte. "Is something wrong, my love?" He chuckled with amusement.
Magritte wiggled her spiked heel from the thick plot of dirt while sneering at her husband. "Ya old coot! Do not flirt with any of the young and beautiful girls. I get jealous."
"Do you still get jumpy at your old ripen age, darling?" He laughed at his new wife.
Ace had arrived home from his long work day and entered the front door waving both of his hands near his sour face, sending all of the southern belles back home. They rushed to gather their personal possessions quickly leaving his house without a comment. He exited his house, entering the patio yard and appeared in his military uniform, wearing with a bright smile of delight and stood beside Magritte, looking down at the dirt ground with amusement. Her spiked heel was caught in the thick grass. She did not want to remove the shoe which would release the dirt. "How's it going, Granddaddy?"
"The old coot can't hear your words, Ace."
Attila reached out and patted the hand on Fawn smiling at his wife Magritte. "I can still hear and see and taste and smell and feel just fine. Thanks for asking, Ace. Thanks for the acknowledgement, my love."
She pulled out her heel from the soil that splattered dirt over her foot and her dress, sneering at her husband. "Do not start with your pet names for me, junior!"
"Yes, I am a junior, and, yes, I like my pet names," he winked at Ace and slowly moved ahead with Fawn. "Come on, my love! Time for us to leave the young kids for some sexy fun." He laughed and entered the house, marching towards the front door. The room was empty and quiet. The side open archway into the kitchen space was almost completely blocked off with a gigantic cardboard copy with the side of a fake sea vessel with a fake tall post mass, a deck galley, a steering wheel, and a pair of fake true white tinted curtain for sea sails. Inside the furniture pieces, a tall pub table held two tall high stools for the guests and the food trays that were decorated with true treasures, including an assortment of golden nuggets, semi-precious stones, silver coins, gold coins, jewelry pieces for each guest. Attila and Magritte left the house and entered their car, driving away.
Ace stopped with Fawn in the middle of the newly re-decorated living room and scanned the ugly decorations. "What in the hell is this mess all over our house and on the new walls and the new floor and the new stuff?"
She smiled at the ugly decorations and touched his arm, speaking into his mind.

a pirate bridal theme party.

He rolled his eyeballs and returned back continuing to scan the living room, "Yeah, right! Let me change my clothes first. Then we can go to drink and eat until midnight. How does that sound?"

great!

They moved up the staircase with a smile as they continued to talk to each other.
Tuesday, July 2nd


07:27 a.m.
Heated day with hot air temperatures and bright sunlight
House location of Ace
Front porch setting


The next day repeated all of the exact steps with the new morning hours, like yesterday morning.
Ace had to complete his work day during the holiday vacation while his other military co-workers spent the day with their family members. Fawn again had to endure the gang of southern belles and Magritte completing the pirate theme bridal decorations before the party date of Friday afternoon. Attila had accompanied his wife to entertain his upcoming new granddaughter-in-law.
Outside, Ace again left for his work day from his house. Inside the interior walls, Magritte again took over the direction of the resources and the decorations for the pirate theme bridal shower.
Fawn and Attila again slowly moved ahead and exited the house, sitting on the patio floor, enjoying the rear lawn environment during the early morning hours. Attila sat in the sitting chair. Fawn again sat on the loveseat and bounced up and down with excitement for her new clinical appointment with the new medical physician at nine o'clock.
After the dinner meal, last night, Ace and Fawn had returned back home and talked about the upcoming bridal party and the wedding ceremony next week, before retiring too floor for slumber. After the midnight hour, while Ace was sound asleep in their shared bed mattress, Fawn had left the bedroom setting and moved down the staircase, entering the living room setting, fiddling with her personal mobile telephone. She had studied the functions of a medical internist, who specialized in the diagnosis and medical treatment of adults, not children. The subspecialty treatments included allergy and immunology, cardiology of the heart, endocrinology of hormone disorders, hematology of blood disorders, infectious diseases, gastroenterology with diseases of the gut, nephrology with kidney diseases, oncology of cancer, pulmonology of lung disorders and rheumatology with arthritis and musculoskeletal disorders. Maybe, her biological body lacked some female hormones, which could be corrected with drug medications or herbs or minerals.
Since the church service, Fawn had toggled back and forth with her first decision to see a family practitioner or a medical internist. If she had seen the medical internist first, then Fawn could have been talking out loud and laughing at each one of Ace's jokes by America's birthday, on the Fourth of July.
From the rear wall of glass doors and windows, the door opened and revealed the same waitress, holding a tray of sweaty glass with sweet tea and one lemon slice, padding across the hard patio bricks and then stopped at the tiny wooden table. she leaned down and presented the tray of beverages to Attila first. He grabbed two tumblers and handed one to Fawn. 
Fawn accepted the beverage and sipped the sweet liquid, swallowing with a smile, placing the sweaty glass on top of the wooden table.
He held his beverage and winked at the cute, young, female waitress, "Young lady, you look fine and healthy and smart. Are you working your person through a series of college courses to improve your life force for the future?"
She gasped in shock and as her mind comprehended the question, saying with a smile. "No, sir!"
Attila faked a smile and asked a new question. "Thanks for addressing my personal nosy question, miss. Could you please bring us an entire pitcher of sweet tea with a side bowl of ice cubes and a second side bowl of lemon slices? An old man gets thirsty in the heat of day."
She nodded with a smile. "Yes, sir! I will leave and fetch you all of the items immediately." The waitress stood upright and left the patio area, entering the house.
Attila sipped on the beverage, when the rear door opened and revealed the male waiter. The tall, slightly handsome young waiter padded ahead with a smile and stopped, leaning down, placing a entire pitcher of sweaty glass with sweet tea, a bowl of ice cubes, and a second bowl of sliced lemon wedges on top of the small wooden table, offering a new tray of food items to the old man, "Sir, would you like a plate of fresh fruit?"
Attila swallowed the sweet liquid and looked up staring with a smile at the familiar waiter. "O! The sissy wussie is back serving us again, on another day. I hope you worked hard yesterday for your lousy pay. You can arrange a new platter of food items for us, this morning, too. Thanks!"
The waiter slowly and carefully provided an empty platter, arranging an assortment of delicious fresh food items on top of the yellow tinted ceramic, standing upright with a smile. "Enjoy your day and the food refreshment, miss and sir! Do you require anything else, sir?"
At 07:57 a.m., the personal mobile telephone sounded with a text message. Fawn whipped out her phone and read the message wearing a smile.
Attila flipped his hand and then turned with a smile, nodding to Fawn. "I know that you are restless and wanna leave the busy commotion inside that room. Go on! Go ahead! I don't wanna leave Magritte all alone, without some husband support, here inside Ace's home. So, you go on and go shopping for the rest of the day. You will not be missed. Magritte enjoys giving orders to all of her little southern belles, where I do not interfere. I plan to enjoy the sunlight and find more trash items on the manicured lawn. Today's people, they don't care about anything but messy up the world."
The waiter left the patio floor and entered back into the house, standing slightly against the side walk, watching the two people on the patio area.
On the patio floor, in the loveseat, Fawn bounced up and down, slowly standing upright from the cushion, spinning around and viewed the patio glass windows. Magritte was marching around the interior room and pointing both of her hands at each southern belle worker finishing up the decorations for the bridal showers. She exhaled with annoyance and didn't particular enjoy the company of Magritte, but she was not related or married to the elderly woman. She returned back to see the smile on Attila and then leaned down, gently pecking a light kiss on her new step grandfather Smith, pulling back with a wink. He waved his hand and nodded with a smile. She slowly scooted away from the patio floor, the patio furniture, and Attila, slowly pacing over the sidewalk, exiting the back yard.
Inside the house, the same tall, slightly handsome waiter continued to stand along the side wall away from Magritte, the group of working southern belles, and the gang of employed paid kitchen staff members, reaching down, whipping out his personal mobile telephone. He pressed the familiar icon on the screen and then lifted the devise into his face, softly whispering to the person on the other end phone connection while carefully watching Fawn, who had vanished from the back yard on Ace's house. He removed the phone and dropped the devise back down into his red tinted waiter apron, spinning around with a smile, moving back into the kitchen setting for his paid work job.
At the edge of the fenced yard, Fawn exited the back yard with a smile of excitement and slowly moved ahead towards her parked sports car without suspicion from one of the working belles or Magritte, for a second time. She entered her car and carefully drove ahead towards the medical office building for her nine o'clock appointment.

At 07:53 a.m., at the USA Coast Guard military base, in the same court room setting, at the same prosecution table, Ace, Slick, and Buck had arrived for another working day while counting down their individual retirement hours of Wednesday, July 3rd. They sat in a hard chair and played a card game of poker for fun while killing another lazy day of work hours, laughing at the set of nasty girly and manly jokes.
Both of the double doors swung open and revealed a trio of soldiers. Ace looked up and nodded to the lead military police officer, slowly standing upright from the chair. Buck and Slick quickly gathered up the cards and coins preparing for an early morning court trial. Ace scooted from the table and entered the judge's bench, staring down at the guilty soldier, quickly reading the criminal charges of drug smuggling on the updated computer laptop on top of the desk surface, when a new face appeared inside the open archway, looking like Abby.
Abby moved ahead and stopped, holding another picnic basket with numerous food items, sliding down on the last row, in the first chair, smiling at Ace. She would patiently watch and wait for Ace to finish the court sessions, before offering plates of food during his break.
On the judge's bench, Ace noticed the familiar female and continued with the nasty prosecution of the guilty solider, ordering the punishment, releasing the soldier from military rank and life onto the busy city streets of Mobile. After his first court case, another trio of soldiers appeared for the same task. Abby continued to sit and watched Ace in action, wearing a smile of delight.

At 07:48 am, Fawn had parked her sports car outside the same building and arrived a few minutes, before her schedule appointment, rushing into the lobby area, stopping in front of a set of solid steel doors and frowned with confusion.

what!   this is a steel door into something else.   where is location of the doctor's office?

 She back stepped from the steel doors and spin around viewing the lobby area consisting of a wall of glass entranced doors, and a pair of elevator doors on the rear wall. There was not another glass door with a physician name. She returned back and studied the single steel door, reading the embedded letters, stating Smola Nosser, MD. She nodded with a smile.

this is the place.   this is the doctor's office.   this is the time.   okay.

She reached up and tapped on the steel door. The door magical slid open and as she gasped in shock and then smiled at the tricky door. Fawn entered into a large room and stopped, standing in front of the receptionist's window and displayed her home-made, hand-printed sign with her personal medical information.
The receptionist looked up and gasped in alarm, reading out loud the paper sign. "O! I am Fawn. I am mute. I have an appointment at nine o'clock with Dr. Smola today. I am here." She smiled. "Fawn is here. I have marked you here. Please fill out this form for me and then you can see Dr. Smola Nosser."
Fawn dropped the sheet of piece down into her open designer purse with a smile and accepted the new computer tablet, scooting backwards from the window, slamming her back spine into the edge on the tall table. She spun around to face the side wall and gasped in alarm, scanning the reception room.
Each wall was made of solid steel, not plaster or wood or pretty wallpaper, without a glass window of sunlight or a single piece of art work or a mounted picture frame of cute colorful seashells. She had not noticed the interior design when Fawn burst into the reception area for her scheduled medical appointment. The room was perfectly square shaped. Scattered throughout the large room, a single tall table made of solid steel stood apart from each other and held two tall matching steel made chairs. The entrance wall exhibited a set of glass doors which was surrounded by a steel wall of dull metal. The side wall into the back rooms held a single glass window which displayed the upper body on the receptionist. Fawn smiled at the unique decor, sliding down into the tall cold seat on the stool, filling out the paperwork. She quickly finished and felt excited about curing her non-working vocal cords, sliding off the chair, moving back to the glass window and handed the employee the clip board. The receptionist quickly read the information and looked up with a smile, pointing to the side door. "Go ahead and enter the side door and move down into examination room number three. There is not a nurse, only a row of empty rooms. You are the first patient this morning."
Fawn nodded with a smile and moved towards the flush metal door, reading an embedded print in the metal door. she tapped on the door. The metal door slid open and revealed a long, quiet, semi-dark hallway without other medical staff members. She gasped in shock and exhaled with mystery, slowly padding through the open archway into the corridor, scanning each open room. She reached the third examination room quickly and stood inside the doorway without a wooden or metal door with intrigue. The square shaped room a single upright steel made stand that served as an examination table in the middle of the floor. Each wall was made of steel also without the standard pieces of medical equipment, such like, a wash sink, a working counter, a set of cabinets, or a short stool. She giggled with amusement and felt excitement about this particular medical appointment, entering the room, stopping in front of the standing board. She reached out and touched the steel feeling the cold metal. A buzzing sound broke her daydream. She spun around with a gasp and viewed the archway.
A rolling machine in the format of an exact standing board flew through the open archway and then stopped, parking a few feet from Fawn. Resting upright on the steel metal, a tall, slender female displayed a head of cropped blonde tinted hair, a pair of blue eyes, and a tone of dark skin, waving her hand at Fawn, using the other hand on the control panel. "Good morning, Fawn! I am Smola Nosser. Do you like my Unirider? I created the riding board myself with the help of my talented engineering staff members. Now, I can roll around the hallway without getting outta of the chair." Fawn nodded with a smile. Smola said. "Papillion called and explained your unique medical condition, to me. Your vocal cords are not functioning which does not allow you to speak a word or grunt a sound, but you do not possess any physical damage to the throat, esophagus, or neck areas, that he could see. So, I am going to try a new treatment protocol called hyperbaric oxygen therapy, where the patient breathes into the lungs one hundred oxygen molecules while under an increasing atmospheric pressurized environment that allows pure oxygen into the human body for faster healing process. Hyperbaric oxygen therapy utilizes a modern day hyperbaric chamber. We all live here within a seaport town of Mobile with the warm Gulf of Mexico oceans waters splashing onto our front door step or back door step depending on the front of your house," she chuckled. "Each novice, advanced, and experienced diver enjoys exploring the ocean waters, where a human cannot breathe, only a school of aquatic animals. Sometimes, during a deep diving adventure, the diver becomes panicked or fearful or careless sailing back through the water without depressurizing their delicate human body, emerging from the water surface, feeling cramps while bending or contorting their body into different painful shapes. The bends is a symptom of carbon dioxide blood bubbles trapped in the blood stream of the sick diver. The theory of hyperbaric oxygen therapy is not new, but ancient. The invention of the hyperbaric chamber structure is also not new, but ancient, too. 
"In the year 1662, a British clergyman and medical physician named Henshaw built the first hyperbaric chamber which was a sealed room that utilized a series of mechanical bellows and valves that simulated pressurized and then unpressurized air oxygen molecules inside a sealed room that treated certain respiratory diseases on each one of his sick patients. A clever idea, I must admit.
"In the year 1879, a French surgeon named Fontaine built a pressurized, mobile operating room for divers and sailors with decompression illness or the bends. In the year 1928, medical physician Orville Cunningham, a professor of anesthesia ran the "Steel Ball Hospital" which was six stories high and 64 feet in diameter that reached three atmospheres of pressurized air for treating sick humans. However, the Steel Ball Hospital closed down in the year 1930 due to the lack of medical evidence on healing each sick patient.
"Since the 1940s, hyperbaric oxygen treatment is the standard protocol for all military scuba divers here in the USA, when a scuba diver ascends too quickly and acquires an air gas embolism or the bends or decompression sickness exhibiting problems with air bubbles in the blood stream. The standard medical treatment involves the administration of pure oxygen molecules into the human lungs while sitting or lying inside a decompression chamber or recompression chamber or a hyperbaric chamber or a sealed chamber with a long table or in a sitting chair. The body of the diver must return back to the same depth pressure at which he or she was diving and then follow a gradual decompression technique that reduces the volume of carbon dioxide bubbles in his or her blood stream.
"The hyperbaric oxygen treatment works for each diver with decompression sickness and new studies has found benefits for other sick patients with infections, embolism, open tissue wound infections, Alzheimer's disease, infertility, carbon monoxide poisoning, gas gangrene, tissue radiation injury, diabetes problems, severe anemia, brain abscess, burns, sudden deafness, skin graft with risk of tissue death, and sudden vision loss. Mental retardation patients have shown improvement of healed impaired neuron cells in the gray matter of the brain. The hyperbaric oxygen treatment cannot cure mental retardation but improves the neural tissues by sucking in one hundred percent pure oxygen molecules that feed the body fluids, tissues, and brain cells. This is very exciting field of medical research. There are even more numerous possibilities with hyperbaric oxygen treatment protocols that the other research medical physicians have not thought of. So, I feel very positive today that the hyperbaric oxygen treatment can cure your non-responsive vocal cords. Let's exit the examination room and walk or roll down the hallway. The hyperbaric chamber room is down at the end of the hallway." She reached down and pressed the control panel, driving the Unirider machine backwards through the open archway, spinning around in the hallway, facing the end of the corridor. 
Fawn slowly followed the rear board on the moving machine with the smart physician out the room and stopped, standing beside the machine.
Smola smiled ahead. "Don't worry! I did not really drive the Unirider. The smart computer chip recognizes object and either rolls forward or backwards from any solid object without harming the driver, which is me. I only press a button that tells the machine what to do. This is my working prototype and my invention that only rolls around my hallways that are made of steel metal. The metal keeps other microwaves from invading the computer chip and causing the machine to maneuver out of control. Let's roll ahead!" She slowly rolled the machine with a smooth pacing speed down an empty, cold, steel made hallway without a single glass window or a piece of pretty art work while Fawn swiftly walked ahead beside the machine, wearing a smile of excitement and a heart of adventurous hope for a cure with her non-working vocal cords.
Smola smiled. "Tissues of the human body needs oxygen molecules to work. Additional oxygen molecules help damaged tissue for healing. Oxygen molecules at high pressure atmosphere enhances tissue function and fight infection. In hyperbaric oxygen treatment, inside the decompression chamber, the air pressure is increased by three times higher than normal air pressure. Inside the chamber, through breathing the pure oxygen molecules, the two human lungs gather more oxygen molecules and releases into the blood stream, carrying more oxygen molecules throughout the body. This chemical process fights bacteria and stimulates growth factors and stem cells which promotes healing properties." She stopped the rolling machine and stood inside a wide, high archway beside her new patient Fawn and stared into a semi-dark, square shaped room. The hyperbaric chamber room displayed four steel walls without a glass window view of the bright sunlight or grove of trees or a single piece of cheery art work. Along the solid steel wall, a column of individual machines stood alone and frightening which was designed as a tall and lounge white tinted lounge chair with a foot stool. Inside the leather of the chair, an outer space suit in white hue sat like a person without the outer space helmet. The outer space helmet stood behind the back rest on top of a machine tower in black metal that displayed an assortment of colorful buttons, gadgets, and switches that operated the equipment.
Smola pointed into the room and followed each wall. "This room is designed to accommodate several patients at one time here inside my medical office outpatient setting. You are not required to become admitted into the hospital setting. Each funny-looking, supersized chair is an independent hyperbaric chamber chair for a patient that does not enjoy lying down on the job. The chair controls are located in the rear of the furniture that is cabled down into the floor. The Halloween costume inside the leather seat is the actually an individual hyperbaric chamber suit that the patient wears over their entire human body, sitting upright in the lounge chair for comfort. Then, the human bone skull is covered in a clear outer space helmet, sorta like an outer space astronaut there inside the stationary chamber chair without floating off the floor in the air," she laughed. "The oxygen molecules flow into the sealed helmet and bombards the human face as the patient breathes in one hundred pure oxygen that quickly floods both of the human lungs and then releases pure oxygen molecules quickly into the blood stream healing the body fast with the fastest medical treatment protocol in the world," she tossed both of her hands in the air and chuckled with amusement. Fawn continued to stand in awe and viewed each scary piece of modern day medical equipment.
Smola dropped both of her hands and slapped each leg, which was covered in a set of purple tinted surgery scrubs, smiling into the room." In the middle of the room, six huge hyperbaric oxygen chambers or a modern day decompression chamber stands alone and wears a clear plastic set of curved walls or decompression tube, where the patient lies down on top of the slightly elevated table for the hyperbaric oxygen treatment procedure," she turned and stared down at the light brown hair roots. "Fawn, before you begin your hyperbaric oxygen treatment, I need to inquire about your medical state." Fawn looked up and stared at the medical physicians. Smola asked. "Do you experience the sensation of confinement anxiety or claustrophobia when you are confided inside a tiny room? Do you experience any type of middle ear baro-trauma infection, right now? Do you possess sinus pain due to an upper respiratory tract infection or an allergic rhinitis, right now? Did you acquire the common cold or exhibit a forehead fever within the past few days? Do you possess a lung disease? Do you exhibit any type of heart problems? Are you wearing hair, or face, or body cosmetic products which are made from petroleum jelly?" Fawn shook her curls in silence at each posed medical question.
Smola clapped with delight and nodded with a smile. "I did not think so either. But I had to ask as dictated by some higher entity than me and God," she laughed out loud and pointed down at a steel made side table with a tall stack of papers. "Over there on that table, there is a paper form of a medical release sheet that you must sign, releasing me from any damage, destruction or destroyed body parts on your body per my highly paid lawyers. Else, you can't sleep inside one of my hyperbaric chamber tubes. Thus, you can leave without fear but wonderment of healing your medical condition."
Fawn nodded to the physician and spun around, grabbing the top stack of papers, swiftly reading most of the sentences. she understood the legal document prevented the physician from getting sued if her body became maimed or mangled or mutated from the medical procedure. Fawn was not worried. She had heard of hyperbaric oxygen treatment protocol coming from the television with other patients. The outcomes were very good for a sick patient. But she had promised to always read through all legal documents before signing for Ace. She wished that Ace was here with her, but this experimental procedure was a surprise, if her set of damaged vocal cords could be cured or treated or healed in one swift treatment. Then she could gab and talk and sing with Ace for hours, finding her personal voice. She wondered if her girly voice spoke in soprano or alto timber.
The stack of stapled papers displayed numerous lines in black tint that included numerous medical terms including A.I.D.S. or H.I.V., allergies, arthritis, asthma, autism, Bell’s Palsy, brain injury, cancer cells, Cerebral Palsy, Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, cirrhosis, depression, fibromyalgia, gastrointestinal, heart disease, heat stroke, hepatitis, migraine, multiple sclerosis, Parkinson’s Disease, spinal cord injury, sports injury and brain stroke. Fawn continued to read through the legal words in silence.
Smola continued to explain with a smile. "The hyperbaric oxygen therapy is a safe procedure, but a complication is rare thing with a risk, including temporary nearsightedness that affects temporary eye lens changes. Middle ear injuries include leaking fluid and eardrum rupture due to the increased air pressure. Lung collapse caused by air pressure changes. A series of body seizures happen from too much oxygen toxicity in your central nervous system. Finally, a fire could occur inside the hyperbaric chamber due to the pure oxygen-rich environment. Or a fire could start in the air from your body, if your biological body is covered in a petroleum-based hair gel or body lotion." Fawn looked up and gasped in alarm, staring at the physician with worry.
Smola smiled with a nod. "But don't worry about a fire inside or outside the hyperbaric chamber unit! There is a tiny slight personal risk that I must mention. Else, you cannot enter into one of the hyperbaric chamber suits or tubes. Have you finished reading through the document? If so, you need to sign in your hand writing with the current date and time."
She finished reading most of the complex sentences without legal advice from Ace, flipping to the last page, leaning over the steel table and signed and dated the document. She stood upright and wiggled the papers in front of her face. Smola reached out and snatched up the legal document, flipping through the pages for any errors, smiling down at the signature, looking up to see Fawn and tucked the stack of papers underneath her armpit. "All right! I am ready and you are ready." Smola pressed the button and moved ahead inside the machine, stopping at the first hyperbaric chamber tube, pointing down at a small chest of black hue. "Due to the bombardment of pure oxygen molecules inside the chamber tube, a spark of fire or individual flame could ignite from the fuel. Remove all jewelry items, your personal mobile telephone, a cigarette lighter or any type of battery-powered devise from your person and place down inside a lead-lined drawer for your safety and security. I ask each patient to place their personal possession including their purse or wallet and car fogs or car keys down inside the same drawer for safety and security also. The bottom drawer is locked with a numeric code during your treatment protocol. Do you feel comfortable removing your personal possessions from our body?"
Fawn nodded with understanding and started removing her diamond ring and her two stub earrings from her body, placing them down inside her purse, squatting down and dropped her purse down into the drawer. She didn't want to catch her body on fire, missing her wedding ceremony with Ace, next week. she smiled at her silly nervous mental thoughts but was desperate to find a cure for her non-functioning vocal cords, slowly standing upright from the floor, turning to nod to the physician.
Smola smiled and pointed at the first chamber. "It is time for your hyperbaric oxygen treatment. I am going to place you inside the center tube on the first row. Inside the tube, the normal breathable air pressure will increase three times and bombard your face, surrounding your body, entering your lungs. Breathe normally. As a matter of fact, you can fall sleep, if you feel comfortable. The increased air pressure creates a temporary feeling of fullness in both of your eardrums, like flying on a commercial airplane at a higher elevation. Just yawn or swallow your saliva, then your eardrums will pop as the pressurized air balances your biological body and increases inside the chamber tube. Your oxygen treatment will last for two hours. The current time is 09:24 in the morning. Once you are inside the tube, you will stay there breathing in numerous pure oxygen molecules and as your body floats up at three atmospheres above normal and then slowly comes back down to the Earth plain, until 11:30 am. Once your treatment is over, you will feel tired and hungry for food following your treatment protocol, after coming out from the chamber. Go ahead and climb inside. On the front end, there are a tiny set of steps for reaching the latch door. Slowly push the glass door open and then crawl inside, twisting around, placing your body vertically facing the metal wall. The metal wall serves two purposes. One, the steel-based walls keeps the room and the entire building cooler from the summertime heated temperatures and each chamber tube sterile from dangerous body germs. Second, the metal wall is always a continuous television screen that wraps around the entire room. The television screen will display a moving picture of various objects including a mountain peak or a lush forest with wild animals or a dude ranch with horses and other pretty environments. You can elect to watch the moving screen or go into a cat nap slumber during the treatment. It's your draw. Climb inside the tube, Fawn!"
Fawn wore a soft fabric in pink tinted linen consisting of a pair of walking shorts, a matching sleeveless blouse, and a pair of matching pink tinted flat leather sandals for her new medical treatment. She didn't know how much walking or crawling would be required with instructions coming from the medical physician. She removed her shoes and then easily climbed each step, stopping in front of the circular glass window feeling both scared and excited, reaching out, gently pushing the door open without sound. The door swung inward and exposed a slightly elevated table at the head rest which was covered in a soft white tinted blanket. She crawled head first inside until her body stood on both palms and kneecaps on top of the thick, soft blanket, slowly spinning around, resting her body on her back spine and fanny. she stretched out in a vertical pose lying down on top of the blanket, without closing her two eyelashes, staring at the steel-coated ceiling. Her pumping active heart was trying to leap through her chest cavity into the air waves. Her wrist pulse raced along with her series of continuous silence mental thoughts with finally speaking her first spoken word, since the age of two weeks old as a newborn baby, before the terrible act from her hateful and crazy biological mother.
Inside the hyperbaric oxygen chamber, an alto voice spoke into the tube to Fawn. "Hello, Fawn. This is Smola. Are you okay? If so, please lift your hand and show me the thumbs up sign." Fawn obeyed and then dropped her hand back down onto her chest. Smola said. "I saw your thumbs up sign. I am okay. You are okay. The ceiling metal screen is starting now, playing a riverboat scene down the Mississippi River to entertain your active and scared neurons. I am closing the hatch door and locking you inside the chamber tube. the door will quietly close and then softly pop indicating that you are sealed into your tomb for two hours. Once I start the process, if you feel panicked, then you can shout out loud with fear. I will stop increasing the air pressure and then slowly depressurize the air back down to the normal human atmosphere. But this will take time to get you out. Are you ready?" Fawn lifted up and displayed a single thumbs up sign again for a positive response as she could not verbally confirm with Smola. Smola smiled. "I am ready. You are ready. I am pressing the button and starting to decrease the air pressure. When your eardrums become full, just swallow or yawn with your mouth. Your eardrums will pop and then you will fill fine."
In the hyperbaric oxygen chamber, Fawn wiggled her fingers on one hand with excitement and nervousness, hearing the release of air molecules, inhaling the pure oxygen and then exhaled the used carbon dioxide molecules. She continued to breathe deeply and calmed her excited neurons and nerve endings, seeing the riverboat on the ceiling metal screen. The riverboat did not show any guests only slowly paddling down the calm river waters in the bright sunrays and rolls of white tinted clouds, viewing the thick, lush forestland on each side of the river bank. Her two eyelids started to gently shut down over each one of her eyeballs and as she continued to breathe deeply, relaxing both her body and her mind. Then she drifted off for a catnap with a smirk of hope.

One hour and thirty minutes later, at 11:01 am, at the USA military Coast Guard base, in the court room setting, in front of the judge's bench, Ace slammed the gavel down for fun and sneered at the guilty prisoner. "Guilty! You’re discharged, dishonorably, from the Army, civilian. Get him outta of my military court room and toss his ass onto the streets of Mobile."
"Yes, sir!" The lead military police officer smartly said and reached out, grabbing onto the arm of the new civilian female, spinning the woman around, escorting her from the court room with his partner.
The double doors closed shut. The court room remained quiet. Ace typed the final notes on the computer laptop about the last soldier's punishment.
On the last row, Abby patiently watched and waited for this quiet moment, scanning the room, turning to see the double doors. The doors did not slam open. She slowly stood upright from the hard pew and returned back, seeing Ace, grabbing the heavy picnic basket and scooted away from the last pew bench, slowly advancing with a smirk towards Ace.
Ace continued to type his notes on the keyboard while his senses queued with annoyance, seeing Abby advance. She stopped and stood beside the prosecution table, placing the basket on top of the clean surface, removing each wrapped dish of delicious home-cooked food while humming a happy musical song.
In front of the judge's bench, Ace finished his tasked and wished for another legal interruption inside the quiet court room. His two best friends and close co-workers, Slick and Buck, were out of the court house building, filling out the pages of paperwork for their individual resignation from the USA Coast Guard military branch, tomorrow at the close of business. So, Ace was alone and not ready to face an annoying Abby, who had prepared a nicely home-cooked meal by her paid house staff for the lunch meal this afternoon. He slowly stood upright from the padded chair and slipped off the official royal blue tinted judge's robe, dropping the item over the leather seat, scooting down each step, like a death march, and then stood on top of the polished wooden floor. he slowly approached Abby, who stood beside the table and flirted with Ace, pointing at the prepared dishes of food. 
Then he halted in place and exhaled with nervousness. Abby was here inquiring about Fawn, who was his fiancé and a mysterious girl among the social gang of southern dumb-belles. Ace did not want to discuss his girl and her unique background with anyone including a busybody formal high school girlfriend.
Ace swiftly approached the prosecution table and wore a fake happy smile, and then stopped, pulling out the chair, sliding down into the hard seat, winking at the woman. "Hey, Trixie! Where is your two sisters named Dixie and Pixie?" He reached out for each spoonful of food, piling a large stack of individual food items over a gigantic plate and stared eating the good food. If his mouth was full, then his words would be muffled from her healthy eardrums.
Trixie slid down and sat across from Ace smiling at his face, "You're such a tart, Ace. You have been extremely busy, this morning..."
"….and this afternoon, too, I hope!" He mumbled and chewed at the same time, spitting out chewed food particles over his food plate, the clean table surface, in the air while missing any body part on the annoying female.
She gasped in shock "What! I didn't catch your word with mouthful of food."
"I know," he continued to eat.
"Ace, I was wondering here. I mean, I was curiosity here, also. I met that girl named Fawn the other day on Saturday at the church campus."
"No, you didn't." He ate the food while mumbling.
"I enjoyed our visit together. She is a nice girl. Where did that girl named Fawn come from? I do not recognize her sur-name from the Mobile register. Whose her daddy?"
The Mobile Register is the current newspaper vendor around the town. The newspaper was founded in the year 1813, after the town of Mobile was captured by the United States soldiers in the month of April in the year 1813, where the city of Mobile had been ruled by the Spanish kingdom for 33 years.
In the 1839, the newspaper was produced three days per week due to the yellow fever epidemic. In the year 1861, the Mobile Register carried the beginning conflicts of the Civil War until the bloody end. The newspaper company is the oldest in the state. 
"None of your business." He mumbled with food in his mouth.
"Did you say Newsom or Newt? Is that her daddy's name? I do not recall meeting a Newt within our social circle. Did that girl Fawn Newt attend our high school? O no! She didn't attend our school campus. I would have remembered her in my all of my classes. So, which high school did she attend? How old is she? "
"You don't need to know." He mumbled with more food items inside his mouth.
She frowned. "Don. Dominic. Dominic Christian School. Yes, I know the school. I mean, I know the name of the school. I might know some students, old students there." Trixie nodded with a wicked grin. "Yes, I can inquire with that new information. Her name is Newt and she attended Dominic Christian School."
He swallowed the food and then laughed out loud, reaching for the beverage, slurping down the sweet tea. Ace understood. Trixie came here to collect information about Fawn Fong, probably using for bad intentions but he was not worried.

Good luck, doll!  I don't know everything about my girl Fawn Fong either, but I’m still going to marry her finding all of that secret information throughout our wonderfully wedded many years of marriage bliss, until my death day.

Ace continued to eat the good food nodding to Trixie.
She cleared her throat and smiled at Ace. She said, "Ace, I was wondering..."

At 11:31 am, inside the hyperbaric chamber room, inside the clear tube, Fawn appeared restful and asleep on top of the blanket and as the sound pure oxygen floated around her body.
The female voice echoed into the tube. "Awake. Awake. Awake, Fawn!"
Fawn heard the words and wiggled her grounded body, stretching both of her arms and legs up from the blanket, plopping the limbs back down on the fabric and shook her body. She slowly sat upright without hitting her hair roots on the glass tube, twisting around, facing the hatch door. The door automatically opened wide. She slowly crawled over the blanket with excitement and carefully climbed down each step, standing on the floor, staring at Smola.
Smola nodded to Fawn. "Your clinical treatment is finished. Please grab your personal possessions from the last drawer inside the supply tower, before I complete my physical examination on your biological body. And follow me back into the third examination room for your finally evaluation." She pressed the button and swung the machine away from Fawn, slowly rolling over the smooth floor, exiting the chamber room.
Fawn gasped in shock and cleared her throat, feeling dry, desiring a glass of water and squatted down, opening the drawer and grabbed her purse. She stood upright with excitement and continued to clear her dry throat, swiftly dashing from the chamber room, down an empty hallway and entered the previous examination room. Smola inside the upright standing board stood in the middle of the empty room facing the other upright standing board in silence.
Fawn scooted around the machine and stopped, spinning around to face Smola while clearing her dry throat. Smola handed Fawn a paper cup of cool fresh water. Fawn accepted and gulped down the water, smoothing her dry throat, finishing the liquid and removed the wet paper cup from her lips. She smiled and nodded to Smola, holding her throat with nervousness.
Smola nodded with a smile. "All right! Your clinical treatment was successful. You feel tired and hungry from your only medical treatment, but you have tasted the cool water. Talk to me! Describe your experiment inside the decompression chamber!"
She exhaled with nervousness and wiggled side to side, clearing her throat, still cupping her neckline and parted her lips, wiggling her tongue and pushed on her vocal cords. No sound emitted from her wet throat. She closed her mouth and swallowed the mouth saliva coating her throat, parting her lips and pushed her vocal cords again. No sound emitted from her tongue again. She rocked back and forth holding her sad tears of disappointment, without producing a terrible scene of crying, staring at Smola Nosser for an answer.
Inside the Unirider machine, Smola Nosser, MD exhaled with frustration and looked down at the active computer tablet, checking her specific computer results from the hyperbaric chamber unit, shaking her curls. "I am greatly disappointed."
Fawn continued to stand in place and mentally echoed the same mind thought.

huh!   you’re greatly disappointed.

Smola typed on her personal mobile telephone while talking to Fawn. "I love the internet. I love the mobile telephone also. And I am not giving up on you, Fawn. I cannot help your lack of sound or grunts or words or giggles. So, I am typing to my medical colleague. She is an otolaryngologist. An otolaryngologist treats issues with the ears, the nose, and the throat as well as areas in your head and neck. Dr. Nall McCoo. She is not located in this building. I am afraid that you need to drive to her medical office." Fawn nodded with a smile in silence. He continued. "But she is the best otolaryngologist in the city. I do believe that she can help your inactive set of vocal cords. I am sending her a mobile text and all of your medical records for her quick assessment and then provide you a new treatment plan for your medical condition. All right! I am done. Your next appointment is scheduled at 12:15 pm. She is booked with appointment for the afternoon but can see you during her lunch break. So, get going and good luck to you, Fawn!"
Fawn nodded with a smile and felt a little confidence in the next physician's examination, quickly exiting the medical office, dashing back to her sports car inside the enclosed parking garage. She was becoming closer to solving the mysterious medical issue with her vocal cords and would surprise Ace when she could mutter the words, I love you, with her tongue in his face, not her mental thoughts, in his mind. She slid down into her smooth driver's seat and pressed the navigational system that talked to her face, which was so ironic that a machine could speak, but a human could not. Fawn listened to the navigational program and carefully followed the new city street signs, heading towards a new medical office with the next medical physician for another heated day in the month of July.

At 12:02 pm, she arrived inside the cool parking garage spotting an empty spot on the fourth floor level, killing the engine, sliding out from her sports car. She quickly strolled through the garage level and entered a new set of interior walls in bright tan with a row of individual white sand and light brown dune that represented the shoreline of Orange Beach, stopping in front of the elevator doors, pressing the button. Fawn rocked back and forth thinking about Ace, wishing for a wonderful surprise before their upcoming wedding ceremony. She was getting closer to curing her damaged vocal cords or finding out if they were permanently injured. Either way, she wanted an answer which dictated her love marriage relationship with her future husband Ace.
The door slid open and revealed a small group of people. She entered and then spun around facing the lobby, pressing the fourth floor, standing upright with a hopeful grin. The door slid closed. The elevator stopped at the next floor while people shuffled around Fawn. The elevator doors closed again. The carriage slowly lifted upwards to the fourth floor. The door slid open.
Fawn strolled from the carriage and observed the same hallway design in white sand grains and light brown dunes, passing a few glass doors with the printed of the medical physician, stopping before the end of the hallway and moved through a new glass door with the name Nall McCoo, MD.
Fawn stopped in front a new glass window and presented the same, wrinkled sheet of paper. No one made a sound behind the solid glass. She continued to stand and fidgeted sideways with excitement, seeing a new medical physician. Still, the receptionist did not make a sound. Fawn dropped the sheet of paper and stared down onto an empty desk with an empty office chair, frowning with disappointment.
The side door slammed open and revealed a smiling face. The female presented a tall, slender body frame, displaying a head of short black tinted hair, a pair of dark irises, and a tone of dark skin, holding a portal computer tablet in one hand. "Hello! Are you Fawn? My name is Dr. Nall McCoo. It's very nice to meet and greet you during the lunch hour. My staff have left for the lunch meal and will be back at work at one o'clock. Come on back this way with me! You and I can chat inside one of the examination room. Believe or not! I do know my way around my physician suite." She turned into the first examination room with tan walls and a sand dune theme and stopped beside the short stood, sitting down, looking down and quickly typed at the keyboard on the portal computer tablet. "Go ahead and climb onto the examination table, Fawn! All of your previous medical physicians were kind enough sending me all of your previous medical chart information. I will require a few minutes here to read through each diagnosis and the treatment protocol, and then the final result," she silently read through the new materials and then looked up shaking her curls with a sour frown, "Well, your family practitioner didn't have a clue about your medical condition by sending you to a medical psychiatrist. What for? The branch of psychology is devoted to studying, identifying and treating medical disorders and mental illnesses. One hundred years ago, the ancient psychiatrist was called an alienist. An alienist was an expert in the field of mental illnesses that evaluates an innocent, not guilty defendant in a court of law, who is now called the new term, a forensic psychologist. Whatever! I'm getting off the subject matter here. An alienist talked about the little tiny aliens running around the interior gray matter within a mental-challenged human, which is not you. And the alienist is the sister-in-law to the family practitioner. Figures! Keep it in the family offers a new modern day meaning. The family practitioner misdiagnosed your hidden medical condition. I can see with my two medically trained eyeballs that you are not an alcoholic person either. Your button nose is not red tinted. Your abdomen is not bloated. And your hands don't shake like a blender kitchen appliance. Those are familiar target signs of an active alcoholic. You must have very good health insurance monies that pays for numerous clinical services," she laughed with a nod and then looked down, reading more of the medical chart from the other physicians. "Well, you were seen by Papillion Aldrey, medical physician. He is a very oncologist treating all type of sick patients with cancer cells, that cannot be cured." She looked up and nodded. "I find it funny also that the medical physician has two titles, an oncologist and a hematologist, that are always joined together at the hip bone," she laughed. "I guess you learned the role of a hematologist, the one who studies blood disorders, which are not related to the growing damaging cancer cells. Papillion gets bored with all of his dying patients and likes treating other people that live out a full life in pain. Sickle Cell disease is not pretty, and everyone dies in pain or on drugs. A blood disorder is painful with weekly or bi-weekly flushing of eight pints of human blood through the human biological system. Ouch! I'm glad that I'm healthy. Thrombosis blood disorder is another painful condition. I guess Papillion likes to see painful patients," she laughed. "That's a good one!" She exhaled with sorrow. "I guess I was become disenchanted if all of my patients died too." She chuckled. "Actually, I enjoy listening to the internet recordings and have learned that the U.S. Federal Government has a cure for all cancer cells and other genetic diseases, but it does not wanna share and spread the word. No matter to me! The sick patients keep me employed. If all of the sick peoples in the world were cured in one day from their individual medical issue, then I'll become obsolete and unemployed, without living on the beach and riding around in my racing yacht on the weekends." she laughed.
Fawn faked a smile without insulting the physician and as she could not talk to do that, mentally pondering her worried thoughts.

o my!   i wonder, if i should leave this crazy and insane medical physician.

McCoo smiled with a wink. "But that's our secret." she looked down and read more of the medical chart records, returning back to see Fawn. "You had busy day yesterday, seeing a set of incompetent medical physicians, who took your monies. Well, the insurance monies paid for each one of your medical office visits. However, today is a new day. You saw my good friend Smola Nosser and her Unirider. Smola lives in the science fiction work and has created a science fiction theater using all of the outer space suits and tubes. The hyperbaric oxygen treatment is truly remarkable and works on a scrub diver and some sick patients, if you have unhealed open wound infection from your non-curable diabetes. However, the number of wound infections increase as your non-curable diabetes disease increases. So, what's the point of hyperbaric oxygen treatment when the non-curable diabetes is going to get you, soonest or later," she laughed. "The hyperbaric oxygen treatment will cure carbon monoxide poisoning, if you don't die from the poisonous gas first, before your biological body can driver and arrive and then get into a decompression chamber. Talk about arriving alive! The rest of the proposed cures inside an outer space tube really is based on the health of the patient, not the sickness of the patient. And you must overlook all of the medical facts that sucking down in one hundred percent pure oxygen molecules causes your two eyeballs to bloat in-between your temples or your middle ear to explode inside the eardrum or your two lungs to collapse from the massive oxygen input or a set of seizures within your nervous system due to the bombardment of pure oxygen molecules. Smola is a trained physician and she had received all of your medical chart information before allowing you into the outer space chamber. She didn't really believe that the hyperbaric oxygen treatment would correct a damaged vocal cord. Her outer space theater of suits and tubes really is an experimental room which is one hundred percent paid by the U.S. Federal Government, well each US citizens through their involuntary tax dollars. Smola will not charge your insurance company for your medical visit in her office. She receives monies through the experiment procedure on each test subject, you." She chuckled with amusement.
Fawn gasped in shock and then faked a smile, nodding with the strange medical physician, staring at McCall while mentally pondering with her silence thoughts.

well, that shared information come late into my two non-damaged eardrums.   i was a test subject for smola.   i should report her to ace.   he would not approve, but i am here on a secret mission, solving my medical mystery, so i cannot tattle to anyone.

McCoo smiled and placed her portable computer tablet on the side table, nodding to Fawn, slapping her chest. "Let me tell about myself. I..."
Fawn wanted to roll her two eyeballs that were not bloated with annoyance. She didn't want to hear another lecture about an array of medical physicians or the diverse medical field with different medical specialties. She wanted a smart medical physician to figure out and then fix her medical issue, a non-working vocal cord.
McCoo nodded. "Your bone skull with or without the hair strands is treated by an array of medical physicians. A neurologist figures out problems with your brain or your nervous system. An ophthalmologist deals with your two eyeballs and your vision issues. I am called an otolaryngologist or an ear, nose and throat medical physician. I attended and graduated four years of medical school and five years of special training for the ear, nose and throat medical problems. After my intense training, I passed an examination for a certificate by the American Board of Otolaryngology. Within the field of otolaryngology, there are numerous medical specialties."
Fawn did not roll her eyeballs but mentally thought really hard trying to send her mind thoughts into the active busy gray matter on Nall McCoo, without success.

i hate the word, specialties.   please, no more lecturing.   please figure out and fix my damaged or sore or injured vocal cords.

McCoo nodded. "An allergy physician treats environmental allergies such like plant pollen and doggie pet danger with medication or a series of medication shots immune or dull the allergy on the sick patient. This physician can also help identify a food allergy that your body is reacting too. A facial and constructive surgeon performs cosmetic surgery such like, a face lift or a nose job, correcting people with a genetic deformity on the face or coming from a man-made accident that hit the face also. A head, neck medical physician locates and removes a tumor in your nose, sinuses, mouth, throat, voice box or upper esophagus. A laryngologist, that's me. I treat diseases and injures affecting your voice box or larynx and the vocal cords, which I will going to do that today."
Fawn continued to nod occasionally and stopped with her fake smile, pondering her mental thoughts.

do it now!   i do not have all day long, if you do not find a cure or a problem or an issue.   i must be home by four pm, before the gang of pretty southern bells finish decorating the walls, the ceiling, and the floor for the upcoming silly bridal party and ace comes home, before me.

McCoo nodded. "Also, I can diagnose and treat swallowing problems. too. An otologist deals with ear problems and performs surgery, if needed, treating medical conditions, involving infections; hearing loss; trouble with balance or dizziness; the ringing in the eardrums, buzzing in the eardrums which is called tinnitus. A rhinologist concentrates on your nose and sinuses treating sinusitis, nose bleeds, loss of smell, stuffy nose, and usual growths. A neurotologist identifies nose and nasal issues, such like, allergies, sinusitis, and growths. Throat difficulties include tonsillitis, difficulty swallowing and voice issues, which is why you are here today.
The newest medical field sleep medicine allows an Ear, Nose, and Throat medical physician to specialize in sleep problems when you breathe. A hospital setting provides a tiny bed, where the patient can actually go to sleep with a machine and record the number of times that you stop breathing. Isn't that cool?"
Fawn gasped in shock and then nodded with a fake smile.

that’s scary!   this physician is scary, too.

McCoo nodded with a smile. “Sleep troubles like snoring or obstructive sleep apnea that blocks the airway while breathing during sleep. The two medical physicians treat infections or remove cancerous tumors from your head or neck. Finally, ...”
Fawn nodded with a smile and mentally thought inside her head.

finally!

McCoo nodded. "A pediatric otolaryngologist specializes in children. Historically, in the 19th century, a group of smart physicians identified that the eardrums, two nose holes, and the throat was connected by a system of tubes and passageways throughout the head. Thus, the new medical field of otolaryngology was formed.
Fawn nodded several times and continued to smile at the physician.

that's great.   now, figure out and then fix my non-working vocal cords.

McCoo nodded. "I usually treat sick adult patients, who are eighteen years old and older with ear infections, tonsillitis, asthma, and allergies. I am not a pediatric ENT and do not handle any children. But a pediatric ENT can repair birth defects on the head and the neck of a child, which is remarkable, and the medical physician can help a child with a speech or language problem. I am letting you own that, in case, you know of any children with difficulties. Now ..."
Fawn smiled with a nod and mentally thought within her active mind.

now...

McCoo reached out and grabbed the computer tablet, looking down, typing on the keyboard. "Now, I am going ask you a series of medical questions. I know the answer, but you must confirm my answer while I both record my voice and your nod on my nifty computer tablet devise." Fawn wiggled side to side with excitement producing a set of funny noises on the wrinkled sheet of paper underneath her fanny, feeling happy now. McCoo looked up and smiled at her new patient. "You have permanent medical condition on your vocal cord. I want to know the answer to this question. Has another medical physician identified that you possess nodules on the vocal cord or exhibit a spasmodic dysphonia or received another permanent scarring from a body injury or possess any type of tumor on, in, or near your vocal cords?'
Fawn lifted her hand. McCoo nodded. "I am not talking about the hand injury coming from your wicked biological mother." Fawn shook her curls in silence. The physician nodded. "Now, I must tell you that the vocal cords also change as you age. The vocal cords start to deteriorate. However, you are a young person and your vocal cords should still work, once I figure out the clinical issue." Fawn nodded with a smile. McCoo exhaled with worry. "The first topic of discussion is the scary thoughts of cancer cells." Fawn gasped in shock and continued to stare at the physician.
McCoo nodded. "Thyroid cancer is relatively uncommon here in the great USA. Thyroid cancer is the tenth most common type of cancer, not as common as breast and lung cancers. However, thyroid cancer is the most common type of endocrine cancer, but the diagnosis of thyroid cancer is rising, becoming easier to find and then treat. In the human body, the thyroid gland is part of the endocrine system. The endocrine system produces hormones regulating the body. The thyroid gland is tiny, butterfly-shaped object at the base of the throat with a left and a right lobe. The gland regulates metabolism, blood pressure, heart rate, body temperature and body weight. Now, early detection of thyroid cancer has no body or physical symptoms. You cannot find or feel a healthy thyroid gland, only a sick. As the cancer in the thyroid gland progresses, the patient experiences a limp in the throat, coughing fits, hoarseness, pain in the throat and the neck area, difficulty swallowing, and a set of swollen lymph nodes in the neck. High risk of the cancer cells includes a family history of thyroid cancer or breast cancer or a risk factor over forty years old age. You are not forty years of age. Does a history of thyroid or breast cancer run in your biological family unit on either side of your parents?" Fawn shook her curls in silence.
The physician nodded. "That addresses one part of my medical question. Thyroid cancer cells appear like healthy cells which are called well-differentiated cells. A set of well-differentiated cells grow at a slower rate inside the human body. The most common type of thyroid cancer cells is papillary which is seen in women of childbearing age, that would be you. This type of cancer is less dangerous and spreads slower and it is treatable. A second type of thyroid cancer cells is medullary, which involves a genetic component of the endocrine glands. A set of anaplastic cancer cells is rare and difficult to treat in the thyroid gland on a sick human. Follicular thyroid cancer spreads quickly and then recurrent form of nasty cancer cells. Thyroid lymphoma is a rear type of cancer and occurs in the immune cells which are located in the thyroid gland. Now, I have identified all of the thyroid cancer cells which could be present in the human thyroid gland. You have mentioned that the history of cancer does not run in your family unit, but I am going to examine your neck, feeling your lymph nodes." Fawn did not stir. The physician reached out and gently probed on Fawn's neck without sound, removing both of her gloved hands, nodding with a smile. "I do not feel a small or large mass or lump on your neck in the location of your thyroid gland. However, I would like to take a vile of your blood from your left arm and then send the blood proteins down to my private laboratory there at the hospital for processing. I am going run a set of medical procedures from your blood checking your calcium, phosphorous and calcitonin levels in your blood. Also, a thyroid function test will indicate if your papillary or follicular gland presents any type of cancer cells. Now, if one of the blood tests comes back positive, then I will contact you immediately. Are you ready?" The physician held up a needle and the arm cord. Fawn nodded with a worried brow, dropping her down on top of the small table, turning to face the side wall and looked at the tiny spider web. The brown tinted tiny spider was eating well collecting all of the runaway ants from a tiny cracked plaster seam inside the corner wall.
The physician punched the skin and as Fawn jumped, without sound. McCoo was quick and pulled out the blood proteins, sealing off the vile, storing the tube in the slot, jerking out the needle.
Fawn exhaled the set of sour breathes and returned back, looking at the small puncture on her neck. The physician covered the wound quickly with a tan bandage, looking up with a smile. "Let us continue! Now, if your laboratory tests come back positive and you are diagnosed with thyroid cancer, then I can remove the infected part of the thyroid gland that produces the vile thyroid hormones." Fawn gasped in alarm and covered her throat, shaking her curls at the nutty medical physician. McCoo smiles. "Well, I am jumping the gun here. If you possess thyroid cancer cells, you can try oral supplements and other medical treatments, such like, radioactive iodine, external laser beam radiation therapy treatments and chemotherapy drugs. On the infected humans, early stages of thyroid cancer responses well to drug treatments and usually goes into remission. The root cause of thyroid cancer is not known at this time, other than medullary thyroid cancer is inherited from mommy, daddy, grandma, grandpa. However, medical studies have determined people living a nuclear power plant of radiation outputs are more likely to develop thyroid cancer. Have you ever lived near a nuclear power plant with radiation beams, Fawn? Fawn shook her curls in silence. McCoo laughed. "Too bad! That would explain your medical case. Anyways, a physician can prescribe potassium iodine pills for your body, if you have to move near a nuclear radiation power plant. Don't forget that?" She laughed and then frowned at Fawn. "I really wanna perform an ultrasound on your thyroid gland, but all of my ultrasound staff is out to lunch and I am booked this afternoon. Maybe, we can do that next visit. I wanna see a thyroid scan with the cat scanner equipment, but you need an appointment at the hospital. I wanna see the results of a thyroid biopsy, but you need to go to the outpatient surgery center, where I stab the gland with a biopsy needle. And finally, I wanna perform a laryngoscope on your thyroid gland. If I get lucky, then I might get an opening tomorrow morning or afternoon at the hospital for a laryngoscope. I wanna prepare you, if I can schedule an appointment, Fawn.
“A laryngoscope is an outpatient procedure looking inside your larynx and throat by a medical physician. The larynx is your voice box and is located at the top of your windpipe or trachea. A healthy larynx contains your vocal folds or cords. Air molecules pass through your voice box and over each vocal fold causing the folds to vibrate and produce sound, granting you the ability to speak.
“During a laryngoscope procedure, you are lying in the hospital setting and completed sedated under general anesthesia or asleep under the expert supervision of an anesthetist. You do not feel any pain. A small, special, flexible telescope is inserted down your throat, which is called the laryngoscope. I look through the eye piece on the telescope and examine your larynx, collecting specimen samples, removing any growths or foreign objects while you are asleep. I will take a biopsy or skin sample of your larynx. Then I remove the telescope from your throat. You are still asleep and placed inside the recovery room waiting for the anesthesia drug to wear off from your body. I will check your body to ensure that you can talk and walk. The risk of complications for a laryngoscope medical procedure on a human is very low, but the patient will experience some minor irritation on the soft tissue in your throat for a few days, until the tissue is healed.
“Now, during the laryngoscope procedure, you will be asleep without experiencing any pain, I will make a tiny cut in the lymph node and place your specimen tissue inside a tube on the laryngoscope devise. This is called a laparoscopic biopsy. I will send the tissue specimen to the hospital laboratory and check for any cancer cells. That laboratory test will reveal the sickness of your throat."
Fawn continued to sit on top of the examination bed and wrinkled paper, holding her throat, shaking her curls at the crazy physician.
The physician nodded. "A laryngoscope takes 45 minutes not under the knife and reveals a foreign object in the throat that creates the medical conditions of a persistent cough, a bloody cough, hoarseness, throat pain, bad breath, difficulty swallowing, persistent earache, or a mass or growth in the throat. If you are scheduled for a laryngoscopic medical procedure, you need to avoid food and drinking for eight hours, before the anesthesia. you must stop taking aspirin and any type of blood thinning drugs, one week before the medical procedure. O! I guess we can't perform the laryngoscope procedure tomorrow morning. However, I can perform a battery of other clinical tests. I can perform a complete physical examination and a head cat scan picture. Then I can order a barium swallow medical procedure. The barium element is a drink mixture that acts as a contract material inside your throat allowing the physician to see the results through a chest X-ray digital film. The barium element in the drink is not toxic or dangerous to your human body and the mineral will pass within a few hours, after swallowing the yucky mixture." She laughed and as Fawn nodded with a stern face.
"I should receive all of your laboratory results, tomorrow afternoon. However, I cannot perform all of those other medical procedures, until after the Fourth of July holiday. The hospital administration pays a skeleton crew at the hospital on the Fourth of July holiday for an emergency and all of the hospital operating suites and clinics are closed down for the holiday also. The hospital interior is a ghost town. You can commit cold-blooded murder inside an empty hallway on the hospital campus and no one will hear you scream," she laughed alone. Fawn nodded with a slight fake smile at the weird woman.
The physician nodded. "Have you noted a change in your voice within six months or six weeks or six days ago?" Fawn shook her curls.
The physician said. "With all of the modern day throat therapies and surgeries, no person should possess and sustain permanent damage to their voice box. Your voice box is comprised of different body parts. If one of the body parts is messed up, then your voice is off balance. Do you acquire and keep a common cold, or numerous bouts of the common cold? Do you exhibit uncontrolled acid reflux, which impacts your vocal cords and other parts of your healthy body?" Fawn shook her curls in silence.
The physician nodded. "On common permanent damage to the voice box is vocal nodules, which are calluses on the voice folds which is caused by talking too loudly or singing harmonious or off-key musical songs. However, you have never talked, so I have ruled out vocal nodules. A second common permanent damage to the voice box is laryngitis which is damage to the voice box caused by loudly talking or singing or a viral infection. However, the family practitioner examined numerous body parts and found your biological body healthy and fit. So, I will rule out a viral infection. Do you smoke cigarettes or cigars or marijuana joints or performing the nasty vaping process with a set of electric cigarettes?" Fawn shook her curls in silence.
McCoo smiled. "I thought not either. A vocal polyp is a soft sort on the voice box which is called by inhaling irritants, such like, smoking." She spun around and placed the computer tablet on top of the side table, leaning over, washing her hands. She donned a pair of yellow deposable rubber gloves and a matching face mask, swinging around, lifting the stool even with the face on Fawn. She held her two hands in the air. "Open your mouth! I am going to examine your throat with my trained eyeballs and then my medical instrument. I am visually searching for a node or a polyp or a strain or a hemorrhaging blood vessel." Fawn closed her eyelashes and opened her mouth feeling better about this medical physician.
McCoo leaned over and touched the edges of Fawn's lips, stretching out the mouth opening, lecturing to Fawn. "A nod is a callus of skin that lingers on your vocal folds which perturbs the vibratory pattern, making it difficult for the person to sing or talk or speech normal. A polyp is a blister on one of your vocal folds which contains fluid inside the polyp skin. The blister wiggles when you sing or talk creating an inconsistence voice timber. A polyp causes your timber to work and then fail without a warning. I am looking for a strain or a pull of a muscle that holds the larynx in place. However, you would be feeling pain from a strained muscle on the voice box. Finally, a hemorrhage is a broken blood vessel. You have seen the same presentation in the eyeballs, when a person becomes injured with pair of blood-shot eyeballs. A hard cough or a terrible screen can break and bleed a blood vessel. One voice fold shuts down without pain, but your throat feels odd. Do you have pain in your throat, on your tongue, inside your mouth cheeks?" McCoo pulled back and stared at Fawn. Fawn closed her mouth and shook her curls in silence.
McCoo shook her curls and nodded with a stern face to Fawn. "I am not seeing any rupture in the vocal cord or any bleeding. That's good! I am not seeing a callus-like growth, which is called a nodule. That's good too! I am not seeing a sac-like bump of fluid or a polyp or a cyst on the vocal cord either. That's good also." Fawn gasped in shock and exhaled with disappointment.
McCoo smiled. "However, I have not finished my medical explanation, since I do not have any more clinical information available to me. If the laboratory tests come back negative, then you might have a foreign object lodged in your lower throat that might be blocking or interfering with your voice cords. But I have a solution for that also. Sometimes, a foreign object becomes lodged in the narrow airway in the lower throat which blocks your breathing while sleeping, but in your case, could be blocking your speech from your voice cords. The cause of the blockage varies in tissue type, but a medical procedure can modify the damaged skin tissues on the lower pharynx that might be obstructing your abnormal speech.
"One block could be the hyoid bone. The hyoid bone is a small C-shaped bone in the upper neck right above the Adam's apple bone cartilage. Numerous tongue and throat muscles are attached to the hyoid bone. The hyoid bone could be moved to increase air flow and then anchored by screws in the back of the chin. A second blockage could be your personal set of tonsils. Removing your tonsils relieves any type of air obstruction into the throat. A third blockage condition is the uvula, which is a portion of the soft palate, the tonsils, and excess tissue skin in the throat. That might be your issue, here, Fawn!" McCoo nodded with a smile. "Then I would perform an uvulopalatopharyngoplasty or UPPP medical procedure removing part of the upper pharynx on the palate."
Fawn didn't like hearing the different types of major surgery on her healthy mouth, tongue and throat skin tissues inside her mouth, just to speak a set of words. She will ponder all of these new medical procedures tonight, alone and lonely, without Ace. 
McCoo chuckled with a smile to Fawn. "Well, I have one more medical procedure up my short sleeves. In the past, a tracheotomy procedure is a treatment for severe, life-threatening sleep apnea and breathing failure at night. Today, there are other modern medical and surgical alternatives, instead of cutting a slit into the neck skin tissue. A surgical hole in the skin on the neck through the windpipe below the voice box is called a tracheotomy medical procedure like superstar Hollywood starlet Elizabeth Taylor."
Fawn frowned at the smart medical physician in silence.
McCoo smiled. "In the year 1960, superstar Hollywood starlet Elizabeth Taylor was in the country of England filming the mega-move Cleopatra, where she was the lead actress. She developed a bout of fatal pneumonia with breathing problems, needing an emergency tracheotomy medical procedure inside her private suite. She nicely recovered and completed the Hollywood movie film, leaving to the age of almost 80 years old. So, the open hole in the naked neck bypasses the throat and does not block anything during sleep. Infections is a terrible risk for patient complications. But we will worry about that, if we need to go down that route." The physician laughed out loud with the simple medical procedure and as Fawn shook her curls with a stern face. "That's it! I wish both of us great luck for tomorrow morning. I assume, like the rest of us, millennials, who don't believe in patriotism, family children, and religion values, you live with your personal mobile telephone near your face," she chuckled again.
Fawn frowned at the nasty statement and shook her curls in silence, sliding down off the examination table, standing upright with a nod.
McCoo slowly stood upright from the stool and wiggled her personal mobile telephone near her smile. "I will communicate you by a series of text messages, once I receive your specific laboratory results from your blood test. How does that sound? Then you can enjoy your day, if you don't come and see me."
Fawn nodded with a smile and moved ahead with a sour frown, leaving the weird medical physician, pondering the bizarre visit, exiting the office setting. She swiftly moved down a busy hallway and left the building structure, reaching her sports car, driving back home with her secret mission, before the four o'clock deadline.
Wednesday, July 3rd


07:025 a.m.
Home of Ace, daughter Gem, and fiancé Fawn
Heated day with bright sunlight


Ace was wearing his tan colored USA Coast Guard military uniform for the last time, exhaling with nervousness, stepping off the last wooden step from the staircase, smiling into the face of his future girl and his new future life. She was the reason for Ace leaving the military life and sailing away towards the sunset with his future wife, exploring all of the fun places on Planet Earth, before his death.
Fawn selected an outfit in pale yellow consisting of a pair of linen walking shorts, a matching sleeveless blouse with a column of cute bows, and a pair of matching flat sandals.
He pulled back and whispered a set sweet words to Fawn spinning them around, slowly padding ahead through an empty but ugly room with all of the tacky pirate decorations, moving ahead towards the closed front door.

At 07:42 a.m., the front door opened before Ace touched the handle.
Ace stepped back with a gasp and met the stranger with a growl, staring at his prime number one enemy of the world, Magritte. She was the second reason for Ace leaving the military life and sailing away towards the sunrise with his future wife, exploring all of the fun places on Planet Earth, away from her.
Ace understood that his grandfather was older and lonely but possessed poor taste buds, fashion sense, and choice of women. But his grandfather was happy and enjoyed the tart company, instead of lonely days and nights.
Ace turned from Magritte and leaned over, sweetly kissing on Fawn for a few seconds, pulling back with a smile. "Bye, honey!" He returned back and faked a smile to his step grandmother, where he would never reference that family title, "Bye, Gritty!" He moved around the old, wrinkled statue with a sneer and exited through the open archway with a smile, leaving his house, spotting his grandfather by the car. He waved his hand and veered towards his grandfather, standing on top of the manicured grass, chatting away the early morning hours. Ace was not required in the court room, this morning, and could spend a little time goofy off as this was his last day in the USA Coast Guard military branch. He felt both proud and sad that his career was ending but happy and excited that his new life was beginning.
His daughter Gem was gone all the time with her new sports car and her old high school friends enjoying the rest of the summertime days at the mall or at the entertainment complex, until the first day of high school on August 18th.
Inside the house, Fawn waved at the back spine on Ace and the smiling face on Granddaddy Smith, still standing a few feet inside the interior room, pondering their conversation. She hoped that Granddaddy Smith had not tattled of her leaving the house for some fake shopping time. But Granddaddy Smith understood the pressure that Fawn was facing with all of the southern belles and his rude wife Magritte.
Magritte moved ahead inside with a sour frown and veered towards the kitchen, hunting for a hot cup of fresh coffee. The cater staff was present and preparing the breakfast food items for the hunger southern belles. 
Ace slapped the arm on his grandfather and nodded with a smile, spinning around, veering towards his personal car. He and Fawn had parked an individual vehicle on the city street, in case of an emergency. He entered the vehicle and waved back to Fawn, starting the engine for a few second, leaving the neighborhood for his last day at his military work job.
Attila slowly padded away from the car towards the house, stopped, and stood in front Fawn. Individual southern belles parked their individual vehicle and slowly invaded the house, scattering around the room, working on the food trays or work project.
Fawn spun around with Attila and slowly padded through the busy environment towards the patio floor and as Attila whispered into the face of Fawn with his funny words about some of the snobby southern bells. Fawn could not giggle but smiled with amusement. They exited the house and sat down on the same patio furniture pieces, staring at the manicured lawn and the active few small wild animals that played in the yard.
Inside the kitchen setting, Magritte continued to point at each hired and paid waiter and waitress, dictating the direction of each refreshment food and beverage trays while managing an army of southern belles, who were finishing the ugly decorations of the Pirate Bridal Shower on Friday afternoon.
At 07:46 a.m., on top of the patio surface, Fawn turned and smiled at Attila, listening to his chat. The patio door opened and revealed the male waiter, moving ahead towards the small wooden table, leaning down with a prepared dish of breakfast items without asking. He stood upright and nodded in silence to Attila and then Fawn, slowly back stepping from the table with a soft chuckle, spinning around to face the rear wall of windows and exited the patio area, moving back into the interior walls in the house.
Attila followed the back spine on the waiter and shouted out loud. "Wimpy Wussie arrives and then leaves again. Get a real work job, boy!" He hissed with annoyance and returned back, staring down at the pretty platter of breakfast item, looking up with a stern face at Fawn. "Did you order plate of breakfast foods?" Fawn smiled and shook her curls. He frowned. "Me, either! But I don't wanna the food to go to waste here. There are too many kids that starve in the world, without becoming grateful for a plate of food." He reached down with a smile and grabbed the food item eating the food with a smile and a nod of enjoyment.
Fawn continued to smile and nodded back to Attila. She could not giggle but gently touching Attila’s arm in non-verbal acknowledgment.

At 07:59 a.m., on the USA Coast Guard military base, Ace sat in front of the prosecution table, not really selecting this table for any particular reason then leaned down signing the last page on the last set of exit papers for his co-worker and friend Buck. Buck and Slick stood between Ace watching the at the judge's bench working on the historical moment in time, when the air stopped and each one breathed out a set of sour breathes.
Each soldier was leaving the USA military service for a carefree, fun life with their family members and a new, nice-paying job for new boss man Ace.
Ace lifted up the last page on the paper and playfully blew his sour breathe on the dried blue tinted ink for fun, laughing out loud with his two buddies, dropping down the last page on the stack of papers. He shuffled the stack in proper order and straightened each page, lifting the entire stack of exit papers up towards Buck, still holding onto the loose sheets. He smiled with a nod. "You're outta of the army now, Buck."
"Boss, we all have worked for the Coast Guard for thirteen years." Slick laughed and wiggled his exit papers near his smile.
“Good thing, Ace is retiring from the army, because they won't remember him anyways." Buck laughed out loud with his two friends and accepted the stack of exit papers, cuddling the stack into his chest. He was excited about his new employer, which was Ace, and his new work job helping all the kids within the city of Mobile graduate high school and get into college, improving their lives.
Ace was also providing a new vehicle, a flexible office environment working from their individual home setting, and a two million dollar annual paycheck with a paid accountant and a financial planner, who worked together growing that bank account of two million dollars into Buck's permanent retirement at the age of 45 years old. The best news, his wife Beth can quit her nursing job and raise their three sons into teenagers, enjoying the motherly life style with her husband.
Slick was quiet and secretive with his personal life. No one knew his parents or brothers or sisters or aunts or uncles or cousins. But he was planning travel throughout the United States and maybe the world while working his new job that aided numerous communities.
Ace exhaled with sorrow releasing the exit papers, turning to nod at each friend, in silence. Today was his last day at his military judgeship also. He has signed his exit papers this morning at 08:01 am, after arriving at the base, chatting with the commander. He offered to hang around the court room, until he was bored while waiting for a new criminal, since each soldier with a crime was a criminal to Ace. The day was going to become bored and boredom really quickly. Most of the military soldiers were off work for the holiday or in the town of Washington D.C., at the Capital Building for the upcoming Fourth of July military event, which was held annually for America's birthday party.
This was the day before the grand Fourth of July. No soldier would dare commit a crime. And if that soldier did, then the soldier was placed into the jail cell for the entire holiday weekend, until the first hour of the work day on Monday morning, with food and water.
The three friends continued to stare at each other in silence while deeply breathing out sour air molecules, without bringing about tears of sadness.
Ace broke the silence and extended his hand to Buck first. Buck ignored the hand and shuffled ahead, crushing Ace's arm and body into a big brotherly hug of appreciation, gratuity and friendship for a few seconds, pulling back with a smile. "Are you coming into the office today, Chief?"
Ace shook his bone skull. "Never! I made both of ya'll in charge, so I’m not seen ever. Go meet the foundation staff and then take the day off with pay," he laughed with his two friends.
Slick nodded with a smile and hugged his stack of exit papers from the military service. "I know all this time there was something special about Ace the night we kidnapped his ass and ransomed him back into a free man in the recreational center for a round of cold beers, instead of beating his butthole."
"Don't start up the past, Slick. We’re done with the past and starting our new lives with our new future." Buck smiled.
Slick smiled. "Amen!"
Ace nodded with a smile and reached out, extending his hand to Slick. Slick shook and then released the hand, nodding with a smile to Ace. Ace exhaled with sadness and shook his bone skull. "Well, this is it! I feel sad and glad and mad that I didn't get to jail all of the druggies from Navy and the Coast Guard branches of the U.S.A. military forces. However, my replacement is a young ambitious kid right out of law school, who doesn't like druggies either. So, I feel replaced." He laughed with his friends. "Get going, ya'll! You need to file the paperwork before the lunch hour. Else, you and you will be working the court room scene with me here for the rest of the day."
Slick spun around with a smile and tossed his arm in the air while moving ahead towards the closed door. "I heard that true statement loud and clear! Bye, Ace! I'll see you and Fawn at the wedding, if she doesn't run away again," he dropped his arm and then laughed out loud as Ace spun around and sneered with the ugly comment at the back spine on his friend Slick.
"Bye, Ace! Thanks for everything. Beth is very happy too. We all will be at your wedding ceremony, next week." Buck scooted from Ace and spun around, facing the entrance wall, racing ahead towards Slick with happiness.
Ace presented a smile and watched the back spine on each friend leaving his court room setting, shouting out loud. "Bye, Slick and Buck! Close the door on your way out!" The door did not slam shut but quietly closed shut. Then one of the heavy doors slowly slid open and revealed the smile on the familiar female. Ace stared at the familiar female and exhaled with annoyance whispering for his eardrums only, "She’s back like a rash again for a third time! What’s up with that bitching behavior?"
At 08:05 a.m., she slowly moved ahead and winked at Ace holding a picnic basket of food with both hands without waving. "Ace! Ace! Hello! Hello!"
He laughed. "O! Charity-less has arrived early, this year. Where’s Hopeless and Faithless? Ya'll three girls are never apart but for the past three..."
She smiled. "Awe! Thanks for the lovely compliment, Ace! What a lovely day! And what a lovely surprise seeing you here again.”
"I work here." he mumbled. “You don’t.”
She plowed through the half-door and then stopped, standing beside the same prosecution table, which was clean and empty of papers and people, placing the heavy picnic on top of the surface without Ace's assistance. He laughed at her girly struggles and continued to stand in annoyance, staring at the silly female. The basket landed with a loud thump on top of the polished wood surface sliding to the side and then halted without dropping down off the edge. She giggled with her silliness and popped open the lid, slowly removing each heavy dish with a new entree of breakfast food items. "Ace, last night, I was re-living all of our fun times when we were dating in high school. Do you remember all of our fun times, darling?"
He reached over and stuffed one of the warm buttered biscuits into his mouth, mumbling at her poses question. "No."
Charity-less looked up and winked at Ace, shrugging her shoulder, crinkling her ugly nose bridge. "Awe! That's so sweet, Ace! Me, too!"
Ace sat down and chewed the biscuit, filling an empty plate with delicious food, praying for a prisoner or a pardon.

At 08:08 am, back at Ace's house, on top of the patio surface, in the bright sunlight and headed day, Fawn piled a stack of breakfast items on top of her plate, slightly nibbling on the scrambled eggs. She was too excited about the results of her laboratory tests while impatiently waiting on the text message from Nall McCoo, M.D. Fawn found the physician strange but hopefully accurate with her medical diagnosis and then treatment protocol that might restore Fawn's talking voice.
The patio door opened and revealed one of the pretty female waitresses, holding a tray of beverages, scooting across the floor surface and stopped beside Attila. She leaned down and placed a tall, sweaty tumbler on top of the wooden table. "Good morning, sir and miss! Here, you go! Enjoy your morning!" She spun around with a happy smile and faced the rear wall of glass, scooting over the patio floor.
"Thank you!" Attila yelled out loud spitting a mouthful of chewed food particles, swallowing the lump with a smile, reaching down for a new food item and consumed the good food.
Fawn continued to mess up the plate of food items like she had eaten some of the breakfast meal, fooling Magritte. Attila had mentioned that Magritte was trying to spy inquiring about Fawn and her lack of appetite. So, Fawn would leave behind a messy plate of food for Magritte's two eyeballs. Fawn dropped the dirty fork down in the messy plate of food, reaching out, grabbing the sweaty tumbler and sipped the sweet tea, enjoying the cool liquid down her dry throat. She did not finish the tumbler of tea but swallowed enough of the liquid to fool Magritte, placing the tumbler back down on top of the wooden table. A rock and roll musical tune exploded on her active personal mobile telephone.
She whipped out her phone with a smile and looked down, reading a new text message from Nall McCoo: Your laboratory test results are negative. Nothing is wrong with your blood. I cannot help with your medical condition, Fawn. However, I am sending you to a specialist. The name is Gasper Germer, M.D. He is an old ancient geezer but knows his stuff. He worked with my physician father, who is now retired. Dr. Germer likes a challenge with a difficult patient.
Fawn stopped reading the text and fumed within her silence mental thoughts at a crazy Dr. McCoo.

stop calling, me a difficult patient.   i am a person.   i have feelings.  i can read.   i can think.   i can spell…i can comprehend…i can’t talk.

She looked back down and finished reading the text message on her phone screen: You have a scheduled appointment this morning at eight thirty with Sam Germer M.D. His office is located in my building on the third floor level. Good luck, Fawn!
Fawn gasped in alarm and needed to leave for her next physician appointment as part of her secret plan solving her medical mystery. She looked up and stared at Attila.
He was still tasting a new breakfast item while making a gooey mess on his clothes, the patio surface, and the wooden table while softly gigging with delight.
He must can read a human mind.
Attila looked up chewing and winked at Fawn, flipping his hand in the air regarding her new text message coming from Ace. He thought the silly pirate bridal shower was a stupid idea, but his wife Magritte insisted on the happy party for the young couple.
Fawn nodded with a smile and turned sideways, viewing the rear wall of glass windows, seeing Magritte. she was busy waving both of her arms in the air and yelled at the hired help. Fawn returned back and winked at Attila, slowly standing upright, wiping off her dirty face and dropped the cloth napkin beside the plate of messy food, slowly scooting off the patio surface with a smile. She escaped from the back yard and gently closed the gate, slowly walking towards her parked car while scouting the neighborhood for a stray southern belle, without seeing one. She entered her car and carefully drove back to the medical office building, seeing the next medical physician, praying for a heavenly miracle.

At 08:09 a.m., at the USA Coast Guard military base, in the court room, on the prosecution table, Ace continued to stuff his mouth with the delicious food items, without an interruption, mumbling a single incoherent word back to Charity-less.

At 08:10 a.m., at Ace's house, on the patio surface, Attila swallowed the lump of food and licked his fingers from the gooey treat, reaching out, sticking all of his fingers onto the sweaty tumbler, slowly sipping the sweet tea. He coughed out loud and pulled the tumbler from his sugary lips, dropping the glass down on the patio surface and grabbed his throat with both hands. he continued to gag and then cough out loud, clutching his throat, slowly standing upright form the cushion and dropped down to his side.
Inside the interior room, the male waiter watched Attila and then gasped in alarm, rushing from the living room, entering the patio surface and then slid on top of the yellow tinted hard brick surface. He quickly squatted down and reached out, touching Attila, yelling in panic. "Sir! Sir! What's wrong? Sir! Sir! Are you chocking?"
Attila continued to gag and then cough, laying on the surface, holding both of his hands onto his throat, slowly turning from olive tint into a blush pink. The waiter reached down and removed Attila's hands from his throat, parting the lips on the old man, reaching down and wiggled his index finger into the open mouth on Attila, not finding a foreign object. Attila continued to gag without inhaling air molecules, slowly turning from pale blush into a ghostly pale tone of white, chocking on some type of foreign object.
Inside the living room, several of the waitress and some of the southern belles watched the tall waiter on top of the patio surface, pointing at the rear wall of glass, screaming in panic.
On black-haired southern belle screamed, pointed out the glass patio door, shouting the information, “Granddaddy Smith is hurt.”
A red-haired southern belle pointed at the glass patio door and yelled in worry, “Granddaddy Smith fell off the chair and is hurt.”
Magritte gasped in alarm and spun around facing the rear glass wall, seeing the waiter on the patio surface, not Attila. She yelled out loud and waved both of her arms in the air. "Call the police! Call the police! That waiter! That tall man is hurting Attila." She dashed ahead with worry and exited the living room, entering the patio surface, attaching the tall male. "Get off of Attila! Why are harming him? Get away from him right now! I called the police. Get off of him!"
The waiter ignored Magritte then flipped Attila down upon his back spine, slamming a fist down onto Attila’s chest, yelling back at his wife. "He's having a seizure! Call 911! He's having a seizure! Call 911!" He leaned down and listened to a faint heart beat, hearing Attila wheeze, instead of breath.
Magritte gasped in panic and squatted down, reaching out, shaking Attila's body, sobbing with tears, wailing out loud in pain. "Get an ambulance here! Call the doctor! Get some help! Don't worry! Everything is fine! Everything is fine!"
"Get back! Get away from him, woman! Go and signal the paramedics in here, before he dies from suffocation."
Magritte sneered at the paid employee waiter then ordered. "No! He's not dying. What are you doing to him? Get off of Attila! The police are coming to arrest you for attacking and injuring Attila."
One of the smarter waitresses appeared in the open archway and wiggled her personal mobile telephone in the air. She commanded, "Here! Here! I called 911! The paramedics are coming. They’re on my phone and wanna talk to you."
He extended his hand and accepted the phone, pressing the speaker box, yelling out the information. "Male. Late 60s. Faint heart beat. Alive, not breathing. He's choking on something but there’s nothing inside his mouth."
The paramedic shouted out loud through the mobile telephone's speaker box to the waiter. "Good! If you can't find the object inside the mouth, it's stuck down in his throat. Perform a tracheotomy! Do it right now! Else, he'll die."
The waiter gasped in alarm. "I can do that. Walk me through the procedure! Waitress, go and get me clean towels and a blanket and a drinking straw, right now, for the victim. Magritte, get outta of my way, right now!"
Magritte slowly stood upright with a huff of annoyance from the brick floor and sneered at the bossy waiter, scooting backwards, watching the man work on Attila with great care.
The waitress nodded in silence and left the patio floor, running to another southern belle with all of the items, returning quickly back onto the patio, stopping near the waiter. The waiter pulled out his switchblade knife, whipping the weapon air current, producing the blade in the sunlight. He reached down and touched the skin on the throat, holding his breath and nervousness, cutting a slit down into the tender skin. The blood proteins spurted in the air and then poured over his hand, down on the patio, and over Attila's body and clothes. The waiter continued to slowly cut a sit down in the skin below the Adam's apple. The cut went through the cartilaginous rings on the outer wall of the trachea, which was called the windpipe. He stopped cutting and dropped his knife with a loud ting onto the patio surface, taking the sliced drinking straw from the smart waitress. He inserted the home-made tube through the bloody cut in the neck skin below the vocal cords, hearing the breathing coming from Attila, exhaling with worry but happiness that the old man would live for another day.

At 08:15 a.m., the front door flew open and revealed the first paramedic, a male of average height and weight, displaying a head of cropped black tinted hair, a pair of green tinted eyeballs, and a tone of dark skin. The gang of southern belles pointed to the rear wall. Then a team of male paramedics stormed through the living room floor and entered the patio area, stopping and then squatted down, quickly examining Attila, rushing his words. The paramedic rapidly wrapped Attila in blankets and placed other medical equipment over his body. "You did an excellent job, sir, with the switchblade and the drinking straw. Else, this man would be dead. Are you ready, guys?" The group of firefighters and the rest of the paramedics slowly lifted the body board with an unconscious Attila, moving carefully from the patio area, through the living room, exiting the house and loaded the patient into the waiting ambulance.
On top of the patio floor, the waiter slowly cleaned off his pair of dirty hands with one of the clean towels, exhaling with worry for the elderly gentleman, staring down at the tiny object on top of the patio brick. The object was glossy, white-tinted, oval shaped size and measured at the length of a medical caplet that a patient swallowed to calm a set of achy nerves. He reached down and gently snatched up the item, dropping down into his apron, slowly standing upright from the floor, feeling terrible about the mess.
Magritte turned to face the wall of glass and swiftly left the patio area, quickly following behind the back spine on the last paramedic, shouting out loud to any of the southern belles. "Call Ace! Tell him that his grandfather is going to the emergency room with a heart attack." One of the southern belles was dialing her personal mobile telephone, before Magritte's loud announcement.

At 08:17 a.m., at the military base, inside an empty court room, on the prosecution table, Ace continued to enjoy the good food while rudely mumbling a soft incoherent single word to the older triplet sister.
A soft pop musical tune chimed on her personal mobile telephone. She looked down at her phone with a smile and recognized the familiar telephone, lifting the phone, switching the icon. "Hello, dear..." She gasped in shock. "What!"
She paused and listened to the voice on the other end of the phone.
She shouted out loud back to her sister on the phone and Ace at the same time." Ace, your grandfather had a heart attack at your house. He’s being transported by ambulance to the hospital, right now."
"What!" Ace spat out a mouthful of un-chewed food items over the table, his plate, and his lap, standing upright from the chair, coughing out loud and expelled the rest of the food items. His personal mobile telephone chimed with a country musical song. He reached down and grabbed his phone, leaning down and grabbed his ratty briefcase. He was at work but planned an easy day without any court cases.
The United States of America is celebrating her annual birthday with numerous parades and parties. All the military forces are hosting parade and party events for the soldiers and families. And any type of criminal behavior from yesterday afternoon throughout the day leads directly into a prisoner jail cell first then in front of a military judge on the following Monday morning.
He slid away from the wooden table both the food items and the triplet sister behind racing towards the closed door. He slammed into the door and then halted, yelling into the face of the stationary guard. "Get that bitch and her damn food picnic basket outta of my court room, right now!"
"Yes, sir!" The guard turned and sneered at the unknown woman who was named as Spring. Spring stood behind the prosecution table with fear in silence.

At 08:19 a.m., at Ace's house, through the open archway, a gang of uniformed and non-uniformed police officers arrived and spread around the room, taking statement from each attendee including the waitress and the waiter. After the police officers had finished with the questions, each person was free to leave the house. The last police officer locked the front door and stood guard on the front porch for Ace. Ace was known to Mobile police department and was not especially liked as the military judge, who released all of the drug uses or drug pimps into the active, busy city streets within the city of Mobile.
However, Ace's grandfather, Samuel Attila Smith, III was a respected member of the Mobile society and deserved a special honor, after that terrible incident, as the police officer guarded the crime sight watching for Ace.

At 08:20 a.m., Fawn parked the car on the fourth floor inside the crowded garage space and killed the engine, sliding out from the driver's seat, briskly padding with the rest of the patients over the second floor parking garage walkway. She entered the second floor level, stopped, and waited for the elevator carriage. the carriage arrived. The door slid open. She entered with the carriage with the other patients, who did not talk, only worked the phone in silence. Someone pressed each button. The carriage climbed up towards the next floor. Fawn gasped in alarm and checked the time on her phone, reading 08:21 a.m. She didn't want to become late for her scheduled appointment with her new medical physician Sam Germer, who resided down on the third floor.
The carriage stopped at each floor releasing one or two patients, sailing upwards towards the tenth floor. Fawn stood in the rear wall and continued to worry about the time. Finally, the elevator carriage was empty with only Fawn, riding back down to the third floor. The carriage stopped. The single door slid open. She moved ahead and stopped studying the new floor, which was colored in pale blue tinted walls and rows of flying pale blue dolphins, making Fawn dizzy from the art work. She didn't see a glass door or a painted sign in the hallway near the elevator doors, turning to the side wall, swiftly padding down an empty coordinator with confusion, reaching a solid pale blue tinted wall with a glass window and viewed the parking lot and manicured lawn. She spun around in frustration and swiftly dashed back down the same hallway, searching for the entrance door and then halted on the opposite wall. She examined a solid wall in pale blue with a glass window.

the day is pretty.   the time is morning.   where is the location of the next medical office?   did i read the text message wrong?

She looked down at the screen on her phone and reread the information, second floor of the same building and then Fawn looked up and stared out the window with frustration, slowly back stepping from the glass, when her eyeball caught a narrow, dark side hallway. She spun around and studied the new hallway, staring at a new wooden door, with a tiny wooden-coated physical sign. The black letter read: Sam Germer, M.D.
She clapped with delight and raced down the side wall, entering the semi-dark corridor. She stopped before slamming into a door in dull wood and reached out, touching the door knob. Nothing happened!
She smiled and slowly opened the door, viewing a large open room in dirty tan colored paint with two solid walls with the same dirty tan colored paint that darkened the room. She stood in the archway and heard a baritone voice coming from the wall corner on the opposite side of the room.
"Come inside, honey. Are you, Miss Fong?"
Fawn entered the large room which lacked proper office furniture pieces and medical staff members and then halted in the middle of the dull wooden floor, staring at a tall individual.
A tall, slender, middle-aged medical physician stood in the wall corner behind a dull wooden office table with stacks of papers, smiling at Fawn, wearing a pair of dark blue tinted dress shirt, a pair of tan colored trousers, a long white tinted laboratory coat with his medical name, and a pair of brown tinted flip-flops. He displayed a head of grayish brown cropped hair, a pair of bugling eyeballs with rims of blood shot features, a pair of brown tinted eyeballs, a tone of red tinted skin, and a thick neckline.
Fawn was glad that she could not talk, else she would have screamed in horror at the ugly man. She gasped in alarm and then formed a fake smile, nodding to the new medical physician.
He nodded back with a smile. "Good morning, Miss Fong! I am Sam Germer. I understand that you can't talk with your natural voice now. So, let me do the talking here. We are going to move back into my examination room on the opposite wall. Follow me!" He scooted sideways and shifted from the table edge, leading her towards the opposite room. "Please forgive my open physician office. This is short-term rental office for me." He turned into an open archway and scooted against the short side wall, pointing into the semi-dark room. "This is my only examination room. And it is darkened on purpose. The ceiling needs new lamps. Please enter and sit down on top of the examination table for me."
Fawn moved ahead inside the room with a smile of hope, stopped, and stood beside the lonely examination table with a white tinted piece of paper, climbing on top of the bed, waiting for the examination.
Germer shuffled ahead and spun around, standing in front of Fawn, nodding with his smile then shared. "Dr. McCoo was very kind and sent me all of your past medical chart records. So, I have a good grip on your medical case and your medical condition. I have some good working theories that are working for me, not you. First, I would like to probe your neck and throat area for any lumps." He leaned over and touched her neck, probing the smooth skin. He shook his bone skull. "I do not feel any enlargements in the lymph nodes."  He removed both of his hands and stepped back, smiling at Fawn. "I bet that young, silly physician wanted to perform an ultrasound, a thyroid radiology Cat Scan, a thyroid biopsy with a surgery needle in the operating room, and an outpatient office laryngoscope, all at the same time."
Fawn gasped in alarm and then smiled at the wise, older male physician.
Germer chuckled then exclaimed. "Yeah, I thought so. The younger medical physicians wanna radiate the patient and the germs. That's not the right way to practice mind. But Dr. McCoo did follow her medical training and ordered a blood test for you and me. She sent me the laboratory results also. Your laboratory results are normal, not negative or positive. Your thyroid gland is healthy, my dear." Fawn nodded with a smile with the good news. The medical physician nodded back. "We both conclude that your thyroid gland is not the medical issue here. So, I need to perform a complete medical examination and record all of your working body parts for my medical records. Could you please change outta of your clothing and into an examination gown? There is a tiny room on the rear wall that holds the lavatory, a clean hospital gown, and a hook for your clothes." Fawn nodded with a smile and slid off the table, moving ahead with a smile towards the open door that led into the small bathroom, entering the room and closed the door.

At 08:22 a.m., Ace raced through the building and talked on his mobile telephone to his commander, explaining the terrible situation. Ace had been cleared to leave his job, the court room, the building, and the United States of America Coast Guard branch military base foreverly by his understanding United Stated Navy Admiral. He slammed into his pickup truck and then back stepped, opening the door, sliding into the driver's seat and started the cold engine. He didn't let the motor warm and pressed the gasoline pedal with worry and panic, peeling out from the parking spot, driving wildly through the familiar streets on the military base. He ended the first telephone call and dialed his medical physician friend Kamiru Feenker, a physician at the local hospital. Dr. Feenker was the physician for both Ace and his grandfather.
"Kam, my granddaddy is heading..."
Ace paused and listened to Kam's voice on the other side of the phone.
"Good!"
Ace listened to the Kam's voice.
"My granddaddy came into the emergency department and was treated there. Now, he's housed inside a private hospital room. What's wrong with my granddaddy, Kam?"
Ace listened to Kam.
"I'll be there at the hospital campus in fifteen minutes or sooner. Have one of your medical fellows meet me at in physician's parking lot and clear my parked vehicle, escorting me to my granddaddy?"
The land distance, between the United States Coast Guard military base over the Mobile Bay and the Mobile Hospital, on Springhill Avenue, was 11.60 miles or 16 minutes by automobile.
Ace didn't bother listening to Kam's answer and disconnected the telephone call while increasing the speed rate on his personal pickup truck, beating the fifteen-minute timeline. He growled with angry inside the truck cab. "My granddaddy was happy and healthy, this morning. He didn't have a heart attack. Something’s terribly wrong here. Gritty had anything to do with his fake heart attack, now she’s dead by my naked hands." He sneered in fury and drove with faster speed flying through the obvious red traffic light with a set of loud car horns honking at Ace. "I bet..."

“...that young, silly physician scared you with all of these medical terms.” Dr. Sam said then nodded with his smile inside the second floor examination room of the medical office building. His new medical patient Fawn moved from the lavatory space and wore a smile, displaying a pale blue colored hospital gown and a pair of naked feet, stopping beside Sam and the examination table, slowly climbing back onto the table.
He patted on the sheet and ordered with a smile to Fawn. "Lie back down, please, on the examination table. I am going to probe and poke all of your different body parts on your biological body, which will help me find or eliminate any other medical root causes. By the way, I am called an infectious disease physician. I am a doctor of internal medicine, who has studied and specialized in infectious diseases to prevent and treat a disease in a sick person. I am the type of physician that investigates an outbreak of a killer virus or an unknown pathogen, which is gloried by the producers on each and every Hollywood movie film. If the outbreak of a killer virus ever materialized similar to a Hollywood movie film, then the earthlings and the animals would be dead within weeks." He softly chuckled and continued to poke and probe on Fawn, who softly giggled from the warm hands on the medical physicians without sound, of course.

At 08:36 a.m., from the busy roadway, barely breaking the fifteen-minute deadline in high racing speed, Ace slammed down on the brakes and slowed his truck slowly pulling into the Mobile Hospital private parking lot for the medical physicians and students, stopping in the first empty spot and then killed the engine. He slid out with a stern face and moved ahead towards the nervous medical fellow, who was escorting Ace to Dr. Feenker and his granddaddy on the nursing floor.
The nervous medical fellow nodded in silence and spun around, entering the building through the private physician archway, swiftly padding down an empty hallway that was used by the doctors only and stopped at the set of elevator doors, in silence. Ace stopped and stared down at his mobile telephone, reading numerous text messages coming from numerous people, that he didn't even know. The carriage stopped behind the closed doors with a loud squeak. Ace looked up and viewed the sliding door, seeing an empty carriage, entering the compartment with the medical fellow. He didn't bother turning around to face the doors and looked down reading each new text message with puzzlement. The door slid closed. The carriage swiftly flew upwards to the fifth floor and then halted. The door slid open again.
Ace spun around with a stern face and followed the back spine on the medical fellow, slamming his face into a crowd of nosy people. His two eyeballs darted at some of the people and as his mind recognized each face. Each person came from his church, his military office, his granddaddy's law firm office, his country club and other familiar places of play or work. He whispered with annoyance. "What! What’s this fucking mess?" He couldn't move ahead and get closer towards the row of private rooms, where his granddaddy was housed. The hallway was filled with people, not medical staff members, either. However, the medical staff members were shouting and pointing at the guest lounge for each visitor.
Some of the people spun around and waved back to Ace, shouting out loud a set of loud incoherent words, struggling ahead to greet him.
Ace continued to stand in place and scanned the crowd for an opening with impatient and worry for his sick granddaddy.
Slick wormed his slender figure through the crowd and slid behind the back spine on Ace, slamming his hand onto the collar bone of his work supervisor and old friend. Ace gasped in alarm and spun around looking down, viewing a shorter Slick. Slick slowly back stepped from Ace and spun around, knowing a different pathway that led down a narrow hallway towards the row of private rooms.
Ace quickly followed the back spine on Slick with relief and still worry for his granddaddy, leaving the crowd of visitors, turning down a narrow side wall, with bad lightning. Slick dashed ahead and then turned again into the side wall disappearing from the narrow hallway.
Ace increased his foot speed and turned into the side wall, colliding into the glass door, exhaling with annoyance. He touched the glass door and entered the sterile area for the physicians. Slick was there donning a pair of green tinted surgery clothes with a mask that hid his face. Ace copied Slick and followed his friend.
Slick spun around from Ace and quickly moved through a new side door that led down a new narrow corridor in white paint which was a back door into each private room, stopping and pointed at the room with Ace's granddaddy.
Ace nodded to Slick in silence and opened the room, standing in the open archway. The room was a long rectangular-shaped exhibiting a living room setting but still a smelly sterile hospital room environment. The entrance wall displayed wallpaper with dancing pale blue tinted dolphins behind white background of deep blue ocean waters behind a long counter of purple and white granite that held lower cabinets filled with medical supplies and smaller medical instruments for the sick patient. The entrance door stood on the same wall which quickly opened and displayed the stern face on Buck. Ace's friend was guarding the archway from all the nosy visitors.
One of the short side walls displayed a long glass window of the manicured lawn and park of the open parking lot and some of the Mobile Bay waters with a short light wooden table below the glass pane that held a pretty arrangement vase of fresh flowers in pink, yellow, orange, and blue tint. One corner wall housed a light colored wooden table displaying a set of fresh food and beverage items with stone plates, cups, glass tumblers, and silverware for each family member or visiting guest. The opposite wall corner exhibited a second light colored wooden table with another nice flower arrangement in a glass vase and numerous electronic devises for each family member or guest visiting the sick patient for entertainment.
A few feet from the corner table, a long sofa in peach and white strips with a matching loveseat kissed the solid pale blue wall paint, offering seating for each family member or visiting guest member. Magritte sat at the far end of the long sofa and sipped on her cup of hot tea, nibbling on a small plate of food items. Ace turned and sneered at Magritte pondering her involvement with the strange heart attack with his granddaddy.
The rest of the solid blue wall held scattered pieces of mounted medical equipment for the physicians and the nurses along with that secret back door, where Ace continued to stand and growl at Magritte. The rear wall intersected on the opposite room, where the patient laid in the hospital bed.
Attila was unconscious and wore a needle in his arm that supplied a bag of sugar water into his biological system, a tiny pale blue tinted tube from a hole in his throat for breathing, an ugly white tinted bandage covered most of his face. Ace barely recognized his grandfather, except for the familiar length and weight of his tall, slender, elderly body frame. A thick blanket kept Attila warm.
Ace continued to stand in the archway and slowly turned his face, viewing the opposite short side wall, gasping in alarm and did not move.
Kamius Feenker, a licensed Alabama medical physician stood beside the hospital bed and fiddled with the medical equipment on his new patient Attila, hearing the squeaky noises coming from the side door, spinning around to view Ace. He swiftly moved ahead and nodded his bone skull several times, colliding into a stunned Ace, reaching out and grabbed the arm on Ace. Kamius slowly steered Ace ahead towards his granddaddy and whispered into the eardrum on Ace. "Your granddaddy..."
"... is under the care of a woman. I didn't catch your name, doctor. Who are you?" Magritte shouted out loud and slowly stood upright from the cushion, advancing towards Kamius and Ace and stood in front of the two individuals.
Kamius turned and nodded to Magritte. "I am called a cardiology. I study and treat disorders of the heart and the blood vessels. My field of cardiology is a branch of internal medicine. However, I am not a cardiac surgeon, who cuts open the chest cavity and performs heart surgery."
Magritte frowned then shared. “Well, I can't believe this. I did not know that your grandfather had a heart disease condition. Else…”
"He does not." Ace said to Kamius. "Is heart surgery required for my granddaddy?"
Kamius said. "No, heart surgery is not required for your grandfather, Ace. However, I have ordered an array of medical tests, including blood work. I do not see the need, right now, for a heart catheterization or an angioplasty or a pacemaker in his chest cavity. Heart disease is related to the heart and affects the blood vessels. I am glad that both of you are here."
"I'm not." Ace mumbled.
Kamius nodded and said. "I want to know more about Attila's heart condition. I have checked his heart organ for a heart murmur and any abnormal heart rhythm, which does not exist. Before he came into the hospital's emergency room, by ambulance transport, I was told by the lead paramedic that your grandfather had experienced shortness of breath, dizziness, and chest pains, before collapsing down on top of the floor. Before today, has Attila experienced...?"
"No! None of these medical conditions have ever existed on Attila with me." Magritte shook her golden tinted curls and consumed the next food item, chewing with a set of good southern belle manners, holding a plate of food items.
The physician frowned. "Has Attila experienced shortness of breath or dizziness or one single or a series of chest pains, before today, Ace?"
"No." Ace shook his bone skull.
Kamius nodded. "I examined Attila five months ago during his annual checkup. He did not indicate any type of heart condition including shortness of breath, dizziness, chest pains or changes in his heart rate. He does not possess atherosclerosis, atrial fibrillation, arrhythmias, congenital heart disease, coronary heart disease, or congestive heart disease. During his annual medical examination, Attila had exhibited normal blood levels in cholesterol and triglycerides and did not possess hypertension or high blood pressure. You and Attila do not carry a family history of heart disease or high cholesterol blood levels. Ya'll are not a smoker or possess diabetes. And Attila exercises on a regular basis for his elderly age."
"What does these complex medical terms mean, Dr. Feenker?" Magritte asked and then consumed another food item, chewing the delicious item.
"My granddaddy is fine and dandy." Ace sneered back at Magritte.
Magritte turned and growled at Ace spitting out particles of chewed food particles in the air landing on the floor, without hitting the face on Ace. "Obviously, he is not fine and dandy."
Kamius nodded. "His weight is normal. His heart is normal along with his two healthy lungs. He does not possess high blood pressure either. However, right now, his blood pressure is very low, but he is resting comfortably."
Magritte turned and sneered at Kamius." Obviously, you don't know how..."
"I help..."

"...  sick people that have contracted a common infection, which is caused by bacteria, viruses, fungi, or parasites." Dr. Sam said and nodded with his smile to his new medical patient Fawn, in the same second floor examination room, inside the same medical office building. "Dr. McCoo is an internist, like me. So, we both work together on the same patient to figure out and then fix their medical issues. Now, Dr. McCoo could not find any type of physical problem outside the skin tissue or inside your guts regarding the lack of speech coming from your non-working voice cords. So, she wisely sent you to me thinking you might have been exposed to an unknown or known organism in your past or current environment, such like, tainted food or contaminated drinking water or another sick human or a wandering sick animal. In my line of work, I do not dismiss any clue, until I have proven that clue is worthless."
"You have heard of infectious diseases, which include influenza and Sexually Transmitted Disease or a S.T.D., such as, H.I.V. or A.I.D.S. When an infectious disease is transmitted from a sick animal to a healthy human and the human becomes infected with the same symptoms, it is called a zoontic disease. When an infectious disease becomes an epidemic, spreading throughout the mass of people or animals, it is known as an endemic.
"Most of the infectious disease medical physicians work at a medical center, where lots of hospital-acquired infections like to live, thrive, and expand onto each sick patient. Now days, some of the hospital-acquired infections and known organisms resist the man-made antibiotics and continue to grow and consume the sick patient, without any known medicine. That creates a nasty challenge for any and all infectious disease medical physicians throughout the world.
Now, if an infectious disease medical physician uncovers an infection which is hard to diagnose or difficult to treat, then the physician will order a barrage of medical tests."

At 08:42 a.m., back inside Attila’s hospital patient room, Kamius stood beside the patient bed and nodded with a stern face at Ace. “I have already ordered a medical echocardiogram. An echocardiogram is an ultrasound picture which shows the structure of the heart chamber and surrounding regions. An echocardiogram shows how well the heart organ is working inside your grandfather. And I have already received the echo results. His cardiac output measurement is very good. His heart is pumping blood through all of the chambers. I do not see any inflammation around the heart organ or infections on any of the heart valves or any type of abnormality on the heart structure." The physician spun around with a stern face and moved ahead towards the hospital bed on the short side wall. The side wall wears an array of mounted and colorful pieces of hospital equipment for the sick patient with a stark white background. The hospital bed is made of metal, tan colored with four black-tinted wheels. The upper portion of the bed mattress is tilted for the patient's bone skull and upper torso. The bed mattress is covered in solid white linen sheets and two matching blankets. Attila wears a blue tinted hospital gown over his body and continued to rest vertically on top of the mattress producing a set of funny sounds from his body. His two eyelids are closed, and both of his arms rest at his side in deep slumber and hidden pain.
Kamius stopped and stood a few inches from the bed railing that blocked the patient from rolling off the bed mattress. She grabbed out gently touching the arm on Attila. "You can see that Attila is sleeping. His right hand wears an IV needle with a long tube which is attached to an I.V. pump of nine percent saline and ninety-one percent water. Saline is one of the most common of the intravenous fluid mixture, because the solution works for hydration needs due to vomiting, diarrhea, hemorrhaging and even shock in the patient. The I.V. fluid mixture also maintains normal blood pressure and give the patient medicines or nutrients, if the patient cannot eat solid foods. The other I.V. solutions include saline and potassium which appears like plasma, the clear part of the blood proteins. This intravenous therapy delivers fluids directly into his vein."
Magritte chewed the lump of food and then sneered at the physician. "Drips! That method is called, drips, by the other medical physicians. That is a drip bag that drips out the solution down into needle that drops down into his veins. We all know that medical information coming from all the medical center television shows. Get on with your lecture, doctor! I have a scheduled hair appointment, within the hour, that I cannot miss." She sipped the teacup of warm chocolate. Ace spun around and then sneered at an evil and uncompassionate Magritte.
Kamius cleared her throat and stared at Attila continuing her medical information to Ace. "The intravenous route through the blood vein is the fastest way to deliver medications and fluid replacement throughout the body as the fluid is introduced directly into the circulation of the chemical human body. Intravenous therapy is used to correct electrolyte imbalance and for blood transfusions. Attila also displays a naked chest of tiny, metal-coated, silver-tinted, rounded electrodes. Each electrode is connected to a small metal, silver-tinted wire that runs to an electrocardiogram monitor which records the electrical activity of the heart organ. On the monitor above Attila's bed rest, the black tinted screen shows his heart rhythms running up and down, like normal, on the display. His heart organ is working well, Ace. The last item on Attila's body is the neck ventilator. Attila started choking at your house, Ace. One of the smart waitresses was blessed with the knowledge of a tracheotomy. A tracheotomy is an opening created at the front of the neck, where a tube is inserted into the windpipe or trachea helping a patient breathe in air molecules. The smart waitress also concealed and carried her switchblade, whipping out the blade, cutting a hole in his throat, stuffing a cut drinking straw in the hole for Attila to breath in air molecules, which worked perfectly and saved his life, Ace. Once Attila had arrived at the emergency room, the drinking straw was substituted for the ugly, pale blue ventilator that is making all of the good noise. Attila is steadily breathing in and out air molecules while resting comfortably here in the hospital bed. So far, all of his medical tests look good. I plan to observe him for the two days and monitor his vital signs. On the third day, I will perform a cardiac catheterization medical procedure.
"A cardiac catheterization medical procedure consists of a small tube in the heart organ, where tube collects data and relieves any type of blockage. I can take pictures and check the functioning of the heart organ structure and the electrical system which is called a fluoroscopy to treat congenital cardiac valvular and coronary artery diseases.
"Such long words," Magritte exhaled with boredom and then munched on the new food item, chewing with good southern belle manners.
Ace gasped in alarm and returned back staring with worry at his grandfather. “But…but I thought you said that my granddaddy was healthy and didn’t exhibit any heart disease.”
Kamius nodded with a stern face at her patient. "I did. But I am puzzled with his sudden illness. If the cardiac catheterization does not reveal any new information, then I will order one of the numerous nuclear cardiology medical tests. Each nuclear imaging technique uses radioactive materials further studying cardiovascular disorders and diseases without surgery methods, of course. Infarction imagine, single-photon-emission computed tomography or SPECT; planar imaging and myocardial perfusion imaging are nuclear cardiology medical procedures." She continued to study Attila and explained her medical treatment protocol. "I am only explaining each one of these possible medical procedures to prepare you for a long journey here in the hospital ward. If I cannot find out anymore new information, then I will contact and bring to Attila a cardiac electro-physiologist. Cardiac electrophysiology is a subset of cardiology. The cardiac electro-physiologist looks at how the electric currents inside Attila's heart muscle tissue walls work, how the electric current spreads through the heart chambers, and what the pattern of the electric currents means. And electrophysiology study of the heart organ consists of a catheter line threaded into the blood vein at the top of his leg tissue which is guided under a medical fluoroscopy procedure that shoots the line to the heart organ. The catheter measures all of the electrical signals within the heart chamber helping the physician with the next step for healing the patient. The electrophysiology study indicates that the patient needs a pacemaker or maybe a new medical protocol treatment for arrhythmia which is an abnormal heart rhythm. Or the patient is experiencing tachycardia which is an accelerated heart beat. Don't worry, Ace and Magritte! A cardiac electro-physiologist can treat abnormal heart rhythms including cardiac ablation, implantable cardioverter defibrillator or a pacemaker, if Attila needs one." She removed her hand from Attila and turned, placing her cupped naked hand on the arm of Ace, wearing a smile. "Attila is doing fine, Ace. I must leave and attend my next patient down the hallway. I'll return back later to monitor Attila in the late afternoon, after seeing the rest of my other heart patients. You can stay here. Or you can go home. Attila has a private nurse, who is standing in the nurse's station, waiting for my physician instructions. You can give her your personal mobile telephone number. Then his private registered nurse can connect you, if anything changes for your grandfather, Ace. You need to find and tell Gem, Ace, if you haven't already."  
Ace slightly nodded his bone skull while staring down with worry at his grandfather in silence.
Kamius spun around with a fake smile and nodded to Magritte. “Mrs. Smith, you are welcome to leave your personal mobile telephone number with Attila’s private registered nurse if...”
“...not ever,” Magritte sneered at the physician and held an empty plate of crumbs with an empty teacup. “I do not leave any of my personal items, including my personal cell telephone with anyone else in the world.” She exhaled with annoyance and reached out, placing her dirty dishes on top of Attila's tall hospital tray, like a rude southern belle, dusting the tiny food crumbs from both of her two dirty naked hands, nodding with a smile. "Excellent report, doctor! Attila is in two good hands. I must leave," she turned with an evil smear and faced the side wall, pulling out a bottle of clear colored gel hand sanitizer, shuffling towards the entrance door.
A hand sanitizer is a liquid product used to decrease infectious agents on the human hands. 
In front of the hospital bed with patient Attila, Kamius removed her cupped hand and then scooted around Ace, moving ahead towards the rear hidden door, slipping out from Attila’s hospital room, in silence.
Ace continued to stand and stared with worry down at his sleeping grandfather in silence.
On the opposite side wall, Magritte pumped the liquid from the tube and wringed her hands in the air, stopping in front of the closed hospital door. The door opened and revealed a rough face with a curved healed scar on the left cheekbone, a pair of amber eyeballs, and a tone of brownish-red tinted shoulder length hair strands. Magritte gasped in alarm and then sneered at the waiter, who had saved Attila's life force. The male scanned the room and then stared at the nose profile on Ace in silence.
Ace turned to face the entrance door hearing the gasp from Magritte and then gasped in shock, spinning around, following the back spine on Magritte.
The waiter mumbled underneath his breathe. “Wrong room!” Then he quickly back stepped from the open archway and left the door open, spinning around to face the side wall, moving through the thick crowd towards the elevator doors.
Magritte stalled inside the open archway with a sour frown and scanned the crowd room, exhaling with annoyance, shuffling ahead through the tight columns of human sweaty bodies towards the entrance wall that held three individual elevator carriages. She stopped at the last carriage and waited for the elevator. The elevator moved very slowly and finally arrived in front of Magritte. The sliding door opened and revealed an empty carriage. She entered the carriage and spun around, huffing at the smelly crowd of bodies. The elevator door closed shut with the stench inside the carriage compartment.
At the hospital archway, Ace stopped also and scanned the crowd of busybodies, hearing the screams of his name.

At 08:44 a.m., inside the medical building, on the second floor, Fawn continued to lie on top of the examination table feeling the ten soft fingertips running over her gowned body coming from Sam. Sam back stepped and shook his bone skull, speaking to Fawn. "I have probed and poked and probed your human body. You possess healthy body parts, Fawn."
She frowned and mentally thought.

if nothing is wrong with me, what am i going to do now?

Sam said. "Please, sit upright on top of the table, now."
Fawn twisted her body on top of the table and sat down on the edge, smiling at the physician.
He nodded and shared. "I am not finished with your medical examination, Fawn. However, I am a physician. And each physician likes to order a barrage of medical tests which costs your medical insurance monies, not you," he chuckles with amusement. I am still ruling out an infection within your chemical and biological human system that might be affecting your vocal folds. Thus, I need samples of your body fluids for a set of independent medical tests that might reveal evidence of a particular microbe that is the root cause."
She smiled and mentally thought.

i like this physician.   he is determined to help me and find a cure for my voice cords.

Sam said. "Some of my usual medical tests include laboratory cultures, antibiotic sensitivity profiles, antibody assays, and a genetic analysis panel with your personal D.N.A. strands that help to identify the cause of the illness and what man-made clinical medications and medical procedures are needed to treat the sick patient." He laughed. "But I am not going to do that here and now. Instead, I need some of your bodily fluids."
Sam reached over to the side table and lifted up a small tray holding two small cups with a lid in his hand then said. "One cup is used for a sample of your urine. A urine test is painless but requires you to urinated inside this container and then close the lid. The second container is used to collect and hold some of your stool sample."
Fawn parted her lips without sound and stared at the cup.
Sam nodded. "I need both of your delicate and smelly body fluid samples checking for a parasite or another organism. Now, to aid in the stool sample, drink this dark mixture of secret yummy ingredients. After ten minutes, you will have no trouble dropping down a stool sample into the cup. Be sure to open the lid and place the cup below your body part for the arrival," he laughed and placed the small tray back on top of the table. "But first, I need a sample of your blood protein. Hand me your hand."
He produced a sharp needle and held her hand, quickly slapping the pointy tip down into her delicate skin. Fawn gasped in alarm without the sound, of course.
Sam dropped the needle down into the disposable trash can beside the medical examination table, squeezing her hand, watching an array of her red tinted blood proteins drop down onto the same glass slide. He explained, "I am going to watch your blood proteins wiggle and giggle at me through my super duper microscope." He placed the slide of red blood on top of a second small tray of glass, reaching for the swab stick, moving the stick towards her mouth. "Open your mouth!"
Fawn opened her mouth.
He said. "I am going to swab your throat and collect your mouth bacteria." He did that and placed the covered swab stick on top of the glass tray. "I'll work on these body fluid samples while you leave for the lavatory and you go and do your thing," he chuckled with his nod and reached out, grabbing the second small tray, slowly spinning around to face the opposite wall.
The side wall covered in dark colors and held a naked surface in black and purple granite with a line of small pieces of medical equipment.
Fawn slid off the table with a smile and stood on top of the dark tile floor, grabbing the small tray with the two small clear containers and the short clear cup of darkened liquid mixture, feeling doubt but hopeful. She spun around and faced the rear wall, moving ahead towards the single lavatory room.

At 08:51 a.m., back at the hospital setting, from the open archway on Attila's hospital room, Ace slowly moved ahead with a fake smile and struggled through the crowd of semi-familiar faces, heading towards the side wall with three elevators. A set of individual hands slapped his back spine or collar bone while another set of individual hands grabbed his arm, but Ace continued to wiggle through the crowd. One cupped hand reached out and grabbed at the arm on Ace while a second cupped hand extended outwards also, grabbing at the other arm on Ace. Ace tumbled into a halt and yelled out loud. “Hey! What! Who’s tackling me?”
Slick appeared with a smile and cuddled beside Ace, trying to jerk them towards the entrance wall with the three elevators. Spring appeared with a girly giggle and hugged onto the opposite rib cage on Ace, trying to jerk them towards the side wall. Slick gasped in alarm and then sneered at Spring. Spring continued to hug on Ace presenting both smiles and giggles.
"Let go, everyone!" Ace yelled out loud and jerked back one of his arms from Slick wiggling it above his hair roots. Spring continued to hang onto Ace and slowly shuffled them through the crowd towards the side wall, stopping inside a new huddle with her two sisters, Slick, and Buck. Spring sat down in the reserved chair tugging on the arm of Ace.
Ace surveyed a circle of chairs, saying with a sour frown and a matching tone to each female occupant. "O! It's Belle and her two triplet sisters, Elle and Delle." He sat down in the offered empty chair beside Buck. Buck sat beside Slick. 
First born triplet sister who had been amusing named by Ace as Spring and Belle, frowned at him. “I’m so sorry about your grandfather, Ace. Is he going to die?”
Ace sneered. “No.”
Second born triplet sister, who had been amusing named by Ace as Elle, winked at Ace. "Are you really going to get married, Ace?"
He smiled. "Yes."
Last triplet sister, who had been amusingly named by Ace as Delle, giggled to Ace. "Can we leave the hospital? It smells of death."
Ace frowned. "Yes, please do!"
Slick leaned over and whispered into the face on Buck.  "Do you see? This is the last encounter with the three weird Wayward witch sisters, before the final death of Macbeth.”
Buck surveyed the smile on each female. “That’s a fictional play by an ancient and dead playwriter William Shakespeare, Slick. This is real life, where Attila Samuel Smith has died from a heart attack.”

At 04:47 a.m., inside the medical building, with Dr. Sam, on the second floor, the lavatory door flung open and revealed Fawn. She moved ahead and held the small tray with two filled containers holding her inner body fluids which were still warm and stinky, carefully padding on a pair of naked feet towards the rear wall and then gently halted, presenting the tray to him.
Sam took the small tray of cups and started working with the two body fluid samples.
Fawn returned back to the examination table and continued to wash her hands with the sterile wipe removing nothing from her palms, feeling dirty after handling her own body fluids. She wondered how a medical physician did their clinic job.
Sam had finished the first set of tests using her blood proteins, throat saline, fiddling with the two new cups, preparing the mixture for the next batch of laboratory medical tests. He washed his dirty hands and then back stepped from the work station, spinning around, drying his hands on the clean cloth and moved back to Fawn. She climbed back on top of the table dangling her legs off the edge waiting on the physician.
He stopped and placed the wet cloth on top of the side table and smiled at Fawn then expressed, . "Good news! So far, I have not found a parasite inside your biological human body from your blood test and throat swab test. The cooker is cooking your urine and stool samples for the final result. But I suspect that nothing is there either."
She exhaled with worry and mentally thought within her active mind.

then what is wrong with me?   if i do not carry a parasite that affects my voice cords, then what is affecting my voice cords?

Sam smiled then stated. "I have not completed my physical examination either. Open your mouth! I wanna explain your tongue, cheekbone tissues, and see down into your throat."
Fawn opened her mouth and closed her eyeballs.
He continued. "The food pipe is called the esophagus. The windpipe is called the trachea. The two pipes are located close to each other. The gullet opening opens for food. The trachea opening closes for food. Then the opposite maneuver happens for breathing air molecules. If you swallow food down the trachea, then a disastrous consequence happens which is called choking. The two pipes for food and air intersect at the pharynx. When one breathes in air molecules through their nose or mouth, the incoming air molecules pass through the pharynx."
She continued to hole her mouth open and mentally thought with her active mind.

no more science lectures.   what is wrong with my windpipe?

Sam continued to examine her mouth and explained. "The ability to properly enunciate words depends on the direction of the sound coming out from the mouth through the parted lips. A dog possesses a windpipe that intersects its esophagus which is located further away from its mouth and sharp fangs. So, a dog will not choke on its food items, which is convenience. Sometimes, a dog will consume and then swallow its food items whole traveling down the throat without choking and then dying. When the windpipe is positioned far, far away from the mouth opening, the sound produces a set of non-wordy yelps, barks, growls, meows, and you get it." He chuckled.
She continued to hold her mouth open and mentally thought within her active mind.

i am not an animal.

“You are not an animal.” Sam continued. “A human uses the cavity in the mouth and the two nose holes to moisten and heat the air molecules through the action of inhaling and then exhaling breathes, which in turn, provides oxygen to the lungs. Else the human will die,” he softly chuckled and then stated. “When you sweat and feel heated, your biological human body cools down by exhaling heated streams of warm air molecules from your mouth and your two nose holes. Thus, the individual positions of the trachea for breathes and the esophagus for food down inside the human throat is a risky physical pose but allows for all of the complex and simple human word structure coming from the throat through the parted lips.” He back stepped with a smile at Fawn.
She closed her lips and opened her two eyelashes, working her tight jaw line from the stress while viewing the medical physician. She mentally thought within her active mind.

he found something that can help me.   i will be able to talk out loud and communicate with Ace, all of his super friendly friends and his sweet biological daughter and his wonderful grandfather.   i do not care to talk to magritte.   she is not a nice woman.

He continued. "I did not find a rupture in the lining of your voice cords. I do not see any blood proteins or bleeding coming from the lining on your voice cords. I did not find a single callus nodule growth on your voice cords or inside your throat. And I did not see a sac-like bumpy cyst or polyp bump. That is all good for you. Sometimes, these particular nasty clinical conditions can be treated but can occur over and over again which requires continuous treatment which is very expensive and inconvenience.
She exhaled with disappointment and mentally thought within her active mind.

these are the same words that dr. mccoo told me.

Sam smiled then stated. “These must be the same words that Dr. McCoo told you. But I am not finished wtih my medical examination, Fawn. I am proceeding very slowly and cautiously, because I do not want to miss or misinterpret anything the wrong way. I am going to check on your cooked urine and stool samples. For my next trick,” he laughed out loud and then coughed out loud without covering his mouth, spinning around to face the opposite side of dark brown paint. “Please slide off the examination table and sat down in the chair with a nicely padded bottom. That is where I will conduct my next examination.”
Fawn smiled at the set of happier words coming from the smart physician and slid off the table, moving ahead, sitting down on top of the padded seat. She bounced up and down with deep internal emotional feelings of worry and hope at the same thing, if that was even possible.

At 08:54 a.m., back at the hospital setting, on the intense care unit or ICU floor, on the side wall with bright peach colored paint, in the circle of three enemies and two friends, Ace continued to sit in the oversized green tinted chair and exhaled with annoyance, feeling the claws from Belle, hearing each girly soprano whine from her other two triplet sisters. During this time, he had been greeted by numerous local natives, who had heard the terrible medical news about his sick grandfather while more curious busybodies had appeared rather than disappeared from the long ICU hallway.
His personal mobile telephone softly chimed with a new text message. He looked down and quickly read the new message, gasping in shock, storing the phone back into his jacket.
Ace jerked his arm free from Spring/Belle and stood upright, spinning around to face the entrance wall, shouting out loud to the triplet sisters. “Thanks for the quick but dull chat, Belle, Elle, Delle! I think. But I really need to go and check on my fiancé Fawn and my daughter Gem. Please excuse me!”
Belle swiftly stood upright from her padded chair and leaned over, hugging Ace without letting go of his body while smiling into his smooth cheekbone. "Well, I can go along and help you with the funeral arrangement."
He sneered. "What!"
Buck stood upright from his chair and reached over, grabbing the free arm on Ace, shuffling both Ace and Belle ahead through the crowd towards the entrance wall, shouting out loud above each one's hair roots. "Excuse us! Coming through! Pardon us! Excuse us!" He swiftly parted the crowd using Belle as the ramming stick.
Slick stood upright from the chair with a soft manly sneer and blocked the other two triplet sisters from following their sister and Ace. The two sisters gasped in fear and the separated from the new shorter male, running in opposite directions, fleeing from the man and chased after their first born sister.
Slick gasped in shock and spun around, watching both of the sisters disappear into the heated, crowded room, exhaling with annoyance. He shook his shoulder length dark brown colored hair strands and whispered for his eardrums only. "I'm losing my manly touch. Good thing, I retired today living the carefree life of leisure and adventure with Ace's money. But I do need to perform one more rescue, Ace." He laughed out loud and stomped through the crowd after the three triplet sisters for his old friend and his new employer Ace.
A few minutes later, Belle, Ace, and Buck stood in front of the entrance wall, staring at the row of three silver tinted elevator doors. Buck reached out and slammed the elevator button hearing the mechanical gears grind through the air waves. Then Elle and Delle appeared and stood beside their sister Belle, smiling with giggles of girly silliness.
The elevator door slid open. Buck shoved Ace into the carriage, when the other people rushed inside also. The door silently closed shut. Buck scooted Ace from the three Wayward witches on the rear wall. The carriage slowly lowered to the next floor.
Slick stood on the side wall near the control panel of shiny elevator floor buttons with a smirk, reaching down, tapping the fourth floor level, turning to wink at Ace. Ace nodded back in silence. The carriage slowly dropped down to the next floor while first born triplet sister Spring/Belle continued to claw at Buck while trying to touch Ace, sneering at the tall man.
The elevator door slid opened on the fourth floor and revealed a busy lobby setting. Ace swiftly scooted around Buck with a smile and whispered behind the back spine on Buck. "Thanks!" Buck wiggled side to side blocking the three witchy sisters while Ace made his escape.
Ace swiftly moved ahead and slipped off the semi-crowded carriage of friends, dashing ahead through the hospital crowd while Belle yelled out Ace's name and as the elevator door closed shut.
On the third floor, Ace continued his forward march, without running through the crowd on top of the hard surface, finding the staircase, gliding down each stone step into the lobby setting. He exited the hospital building and dashed towards a familiar male, who stood beside a nice tan colored luxury sedan.

At 08:56 a.m., a stretch limousine of thirty feet in length colored in light silver hue with the cool air conditioning waves blowing onto his face and was parked waiting on her mistress. The chauffeur driver viewed Magritte through the clean window gently tossing his personal mobile telephone to the side passenger chair and then exited from his driver’s seat, standing in the humid, heated sunshine, opening the side door for her.
Magritte entered the rear compartment without acknowledging her driver, like usual, scooting into the middle of the bench seat, without wearing her seat belt either. The driver had filled the tiny refrigerator with cold beverages and supplied a tray of petite fancy cakes for her short trip. She had finished her non-appointment meeting at the hospital’s business office filling out more hospital forms than her cramped hand could handle completing the last form that finally removed a dead body from the hospital campus.
The driver slammed the door shut, entered the car, and then waited on her next order.
Her personal mobile telephone rung. She stared down at the familiar telephone and presented a bright smile answering the phone call. “Hello, darling!”

At 08:57 a.m., inside the crowded hospital parking lot, among the bright, sizzling heated waves of hot air and bright sunlight, a tall familiar male in a white tee shirt and a pair of matching walking shorts spotted Ace as Ace viewed him. The male slid down into the driver’s seat of a tan colored sports car while watching the judge. Ace stopped and then scanned the hospital parking lot for a familiar face seeing numerous worried faces coming from each patient's family member and friends. He opened the passenger side door and slid down onto the cool leather in dark maroon hue, caressing the smooth, dead cow hide. “Hmm! I do believe that I pay you too much money.” The male did not laugh or chuckle at the amusing statement but stared at the nose profile on Ace. Ace faced the male and exhaled with worry. “Something’s wrong. What is it?”
The male wore a head of shoulder length brownish-red hair strands, a tone of bronze skin, a pair of amber colored eyeballs. His handsome but rough face displayed a prominent permanent scar that curved around the left cheekbone, a broken nose, and a set of long black tinted eyelashes that any woman would envy. He lifted his hand and opened his palm, exposing a glossy, white-tinted, oval shaped size. The object measured the length of a medical caplet that a patient would swallow calming a set of achy nerves.
Ace gasped in alarm and did not speak but listened, staring down at the foreign object.
The male spoke. “I was stationed at your house.”
“Thanks for saving my granddaddy's life.” Ace continued to stare at the foreign object with an active mind, a heavy heart, and a set of angry emotions.
“Not yet!” The male stated without emotions. Ace gasped in worry and continued to listen to the male. The male stated. “I was watching over Fawn at your house, but Attila was there also. Fawn and Attila had lounged on the patio surface during the decoration party starting on Monday morning,” he paused and exhaled with worry. The male wanted to tattle about Fawn missing a few minutes into the decoration party sight but the details for Attila Smith was most important at the moment. He continued. “I served them food on the patio, since Monday morning, also. Today was no different than usual. After serving a plate of food, I left the patio and moved around the room with more food trays as ordered by Gritty. A few minutes later, I spun around and viewed Attila dropping off his patio chair resting hard down on top of the patio surface. I quickly raced back on the patio. Attila was not breathing but choking on something. I whipped out my switchblade and cut an opening down into his throat tissue. One of the smarter waitresses had been trained in CPR techniques and quickly cut a regular drinking straw into a breathing tube for Attila, handing it to me there on the patio surface. I stabbed the opening in his throat and heard fresh air molecules exhaling and then inhaling from his throat wound. Attila was alive and breathing. However, this object dropped down from his open throat wound and landed on top of the patio brick.”
Ace gasped in alarm and snatched up the item. “What is this?”
“I do not know, Ace. But, based on all of my accumulated knowledge, that object is a glossy, white-tinted, oval-shaped medical gelatin capsule, which is soft and flexible holding a bluish-white liquid, like a person or a patient would swallow calming a set of achy nerves. If you have trouble swallowing a hard pill or a hard plastic caplet, then you eat a gel caplet instead.”
Ace gasped in worry. “What are you not telling me?”
The male pointed at the object. "That glossy, shiny object was down inside Attila's throat, like he had accidentally or purposefully swallowed the foreign object. He started coughing the object back up from his food pipe but choked instead. I don't know the real story, but I can guess here. That object was not in the food plates. I was the only one to touch each food platter and every woman consumed numerous items of food. So, there would have an incident on Monday or the same day. Thus, that glossy object was hidden inside a glass tumbler of dark sweet tea, which had been delivered by one of the waitresses to Fawn and Attila. Fawn had consumed her tumbler of sweat tea without incident. Don’t sweat anthills, Ace! I tracked down each waitress while Attila was traveling to the hospital emergency room and spoke with each one, including the wiser waitress. The wiser waitress had CPR training and recognized a choking victim. I do not suspect her with the cold blooded murder plot either. Else, she would have allowed Attila to die. And the other waitresses were very scary and frightened with the intense incident...”
Ace gasped in shock. “The gang of southern belles were there at my house too.”
The male shook his long curls. “I did not believe so. I understand that you personally know each one of these southern belles.”
Ace nodded with a stern face. “Yes. Yes. Yes, I do.”
“I suspect there was another party person there that did not feel loving and caring for Attila, like I do.”
Ace nodded again. “I know that party person. But how did she do it? Where did she get this thing? Who else is involved with the accident on my granddaddy?"
The male smiled. “Today, alternative medicine comes in home-made pills. People personalize blend together herbs or vitamins or amino acids into a soft, flexible gelatin capsule, like that. You can purchase all of the tiny pieces of equipment like the rollers and the gelatin cubes and the personalize ingredients at any local health food store, because I went home and experienced with my working theory. That ain’t a theory anymore.”
Ace nodded with a stern face. “I need to pay you more of my money. That's was a brilliant idea.”
"The outer soft, flexible capsule is composed of gelatin, water, opacifier and glycerin which can be purchased at the same health food store that seals the contents from leakage within the capsule for mouth consumption or tongue swallowing with ease. Filling your own gelatin capsule by a pair of naked human hands ensures quality and consistency with the newly creative product. The nice, pretty health food clerk told me." He did not smile as the situation was critical. "Start the encapsulation process. Melted gelatin is pumped through a machine that spits out two thin ribbons of gelatin. The two ribbons of heated gelatin pass over a series of rollers and are fed through two rotating die cylinders that determine the size and shape of single capsule structure, which forms two halves of the new soft, flexible capsule. Spray down a large surface with bleach-based cleaner and then wipe it clean with a paper towel. After spray, close all the doors and the windows keeping out any windy breezes, creating a sterile environment. Put on a pair of medical gloves. Measure three/fourths of the product from the pile of herbs or vitamins or amino acids into the longer end on the gelatin capsule. With the upper capsule lid scoop up the remaining one-fourth product, closing both ends together. It is very important to fill each capsule with the precise dosage specifications.
“Apply gentle pressure to both sides and seal your new capsule for consumption. Store each newly created capsules in a cool, dry spot, until sealed. Finally, store in a sealable bottle or container. My concern here: is this the only foreign object in Attila?”
Ace gasped in shock. “What! What do you mean?”
The man nodded his curls and pointed down at the capsule. "Ace, this object is slick, wet, glossy, soft, flexible and easy to swallow, like a true gelatin capsule, for pain, not gain. Wonder if, there were two or more foreign objects in his tumbler of darkened sweet ice cubed tea? Attila would have easier swallowed and then consumed one or two, before he started to choke from a third fake gel capsule."
Ace whipped out his phone and called Kamius while wiggling his body inside the leather chair, feeling both worry and fear. He shouted into the phone speaker, "Kam! Kam! My granddaddy might have swallowed something, which caused his choking fit that led to his heart attack. Run medical tests and check the contents of his stomach!" He paused and heard the physician words. "What makes me think so? I don't know. I'm worried. Please, just, run the medical tests and check for any foreign contents in his stomach," he paused and heard the words from the physician. "Thank you! Thank you! Please let me know as soon as possible too! Bye, Kam!" He dropped the phone and turned nodding to the male. "The physician is checking the stomach contents on my granddaddy. What else do you have for me?"
The male nodded his curls. “I split up the team. One is watching Fawn. One is following Magritte. I came here. No one is watching Gem. I’m sorry. There wasn’t a lot of time. This is an act of murder. Magritte is driving to her hair salon on St. Francis Street. She has an appointment at two o’clock, today, for her finger nails, hair strands, and toe nails. She’ll be there for hours. I can go...”
“No!” Ace shouted out loud and shook his bone skull. “Don’t worry about Gem! She’s with that southern belle troop that houses some of her good high school friends, which is chaperoned by a set of smarter and wiser adults. If anything goes down during an emergency, she or they will call me. That was a smart move! I’ll reward you for that one too. Now, I’ll go and survey my granddaddy’s house. I know that property very well. I can work faster alone and will find her little demon machine, which is still there. I can feel it. And Gritty hid it good from the old eyeballs on my granddaddy, but not me. Can you play nurse?” The male nodded in silence. Ace nodded back with a stern face. “Stay here and stick around for my granddaddy, in case of something bad. I wanna hear it from you, not his physician. His physician is working on the wrong body part and does not believe a panicked grandson. Thanks, Streg!” He opened the door and slid off the seat, slamming the door, racing ahead from the sports car, dashing back to his pickup truck inside the hospital’s physician parking lot while pondering his next move against nasty Magritte.
Inside the driver’s seat, on his running sports car, Streg exhaled with worry and cut off the car engine, opening the door, sliding out from the seat. He stood upright on top of the heated parking lot surface and slammed the door, scanning each family member or friend for an enemy, not seeing one. He locked his car and slowly strutted back into the hospital, hunting down a nurse uniform...naw...physician's uniform while spying on Attila for his employer Ace.
After completing a marathon in the heated air temperatures, he reached his parked truck. He tapped the fob, opened the door, and cranked the engine without warming the motor, carefully guiding around the moving people and the other parked cars. He felt both worried and nervous for his ailing grandfather but didn’t need a minor automobile accident from a carelessness mistake.

At 09:02 a.m., inside the rear compartment, Magritte ordered to her chauffeur driver, “Take me to my hair salon!”
The chauffeur driver carefully followed the exit signs leading towards the roadway and away from the entrance of the hospital campus, lifting a black-tinted partition between the cab compartment and the rear seat, blocking the face and the rear end of the current passenger. There was not a separate glass window section, where a passenger could see the forward roadway. Communicating with the chauffeur was possible with a silver tinted button on the arm rest of the rear passenger door panel using an internal intercom system. However, the chauffeur had already received her directions from the owner of the transport.
Magritte sat in the rear compartment seat and munched on a plate of exotic white colored cream cheese and soft tan colored crackers while settling her upset stomach. She loved traveling by limousine, but her stomach did not. She always needed to munch salty food items without vomiting up her breakfast meal down onto the lush tan colored floor carpet.

At 09:03:05 a.m., her limousine stopped at the traffic light.
The medical physician’s parking lot provided a convenience parking spot beside one outer white tinted concrete wall on the massive hospital complex without a covered parking garage for an ambitious or rushed physician. The physician parked their personal car and then entered the hospital building. Also, the parking lot provided to two exit points, one going due south into traffic and the other one went heading due west avoiding all the traffic. The hospital complex required all the staff members, the patient’s family members, and the invited patient’s guests of the hospital to exit either due south blending into traffic or due north rolling around the opposite side of the hospital building.
Ace traveled the western exit point from the medical physician parking lot and then stopped at the traffic light at 09:03:47 a.m. He bounced up and down on top of the leather seat tapping both hands on top of the leather steering column while fidgeting in both worry and nervousness scanning the roadway, like a good driver, and then noted the object. He gasped in shock. A silver-tinted limousine was parked in front of the second traffic light.
The light allowed a car to enter the Springhill Avenue heading southeast towards the Mobile River. Ace was parked at the first light across her rented limousine heading northwest onto Springhill Avenue, in the opposite direction of the Mobile River and Magritte. The license plate read: Silver Eagle!
Attila had mentioned to his grandson that Magritte only rode inside the rear bench of a limousine and did not drive an automobile. Attila did not own a limousine and did not care to maintain one, so he rented one for his new bride.
Ace stared at the familiar transport and gasped in shock. “She’s here! I’m here! What! How’s that event even possible? I parked in the medical physician’s parking lot! O! She parked in the valent parking lot which is across from the medical physician’s parking lot. That’s how she beat me to the traffic light! She’s one smart assholette, Thomas!” Ace sneered and swiftly crouched down in the driver’s seat barely seeing over the engine hood, whispering for his eardrums only. “Gritty can’t see me! Then she’ll know that I know. But she’s heading in the wrong direction away from her house and away from me! That’s great! I’m hot and heated today. I hope my luck holds out for a few more hours, until I find what I need to find. Streg said that her hair and nail appointment is at eleven o’clock. Why’s she leaving so early for her hair and nail appointment? That almost two hours from now! Why’s she leaving the hospital compound so late? She left before me. I can’t address my questions. I don’t know. I don’t care. I just need to get to my grandfather’s house. Then I can find all the answers. And then I’ll personally address Gritty!”
Both of the traffic lights turned green for go.
Ace slowly turned in the opposite direction without squeaking the tires or driving fast alerting Magritte that he was not inside the hospital campus, at his grandfather’s bedside. Once a safe distance away from the green traffic light and Magritte, Ace slammed the gas pedal racing ahead to his grandfather’s house. “I got plenty of time. I just need to get there right now!”
The limousine smoothly crossed the road intersection blending into the onward traffic onto Springhill Avenue and then halted with a short jolt. The line of automobiles had halted also. 
Magritte turned to face the side glass window and chewed the food admiring the long street view on Springhill Avenue while heading due southeast towards Mobile River. The land elevation is ten feet and three inches up from the calm slapping fresh water waves of the nasty river water.
Her personal home residence was in the opposite direction, within the neighborhood community of Spring Hill, within Mobile County, in the city of Mobile and six miles west of downtown Mobile.
Spring Hill community boasts the highest sea elevation throughout the landscape at 184 feet high from the rolling ocean waters. The name came from the number of natural spring creeks below the rolling hills by the earliest French settlers in the early 1800s.
By the year 1828, sections of five acre lots sold at the rate of 100 dollars-per-acre to any and all land developers. At the time, the swampy landscape surrounding downtown Mobile was infested with biting mosquitoes which infected the citizens coming from the extreme humidity, heat, and rain shower creating the yellow fever epidemic, during the warm months of the calendar year.
The group of smarter and wealthier Mobilians learned that the western hills six miles outside the city remained free from both fever and disease and started to build a summer home on top of five acre of land which became known as the Spring Hill community. At first, the summer homes were built in cottage style between the years 1830 and 1840. In the year 1850, the large country plantation featured the Greek Revival house style that dominated the pre-civil war era.
The most famous structure, Spring Hill College lives off Tuthill Lane. In the year 1832, ancient and dead Roman Catholic Bishop Michael Portier had purchased 300 acres of land and then built a Jesuit seminary and boarding school. Spring Hill College is the oldest institution of higher education within the State of Alabama and the oldest Catholic College in the South and the fifth oldest college in the United States of America.
In the year 1832, in the month of January, a structure of cast iron and wooden pipes started construction bringing fresh water into the downtown Mobile coming from a natural spring on a hill within the Spring Hill community, which is the present day Mobile Water and Sewer Station.
In the year 1839, horse-drawn wagons connected Springhill Avenue to the streets of downtown Mobile. In the year 1850, Old Shell Road was constructed and completed using a bed of crushed oyster shells linking the country road of Springhill Avenue to each large plantation sugar and cotton farms and all of the growing summer hotels.
The transport slowly steered ahead. Inside the rear compartment on the rolling limousine, Magritte giggled with chewed food particles inside her mouth. “Keep it in the family, mama!” Food particles flew from her parted lips in the air, down on her dress, dropped on the floor.
The Battle brothers built the Battle House Hotel, on St. Francis Street, in the year 1852, and also built Spring Hill Inn, within the Spring Hill community. The Inn had burned down to the ground in the year 1918 and was not rebuilt.
Spring Hill community is known for numerous national recognized and registered historical places, including Beal-Gaillard House in the year 1836; Carolina Hall in the year 1832; Center-Gaillard House in the year 1829; Collins-Marston House in the year 1832; James Arthur Morrison House in the year 1929; Saint Paul's Episcopal Chapel in the year 1859; Spring Hill College in the year 1869, Stewartfield House in the year 1849, and other ancient homes, including Smith Cottage.
The limousine started to roll with traffic and then violently halted with a hard jolt again. Magritte blew out more slimy chewed food particles in the air downing on top of her new black tinted dress next and then it finally dropped them on top of the clean gray tinted floor mat. She huffed out her sour molecules into the air waves, pressing the intercom button, “What’s happening up there? Why am I stopped here on the roadway?” She exhaled with annoyance scooting closer to the plate of food items, reaching a petite cake, chewing the food and then licked her four frost-covered digits clean with her nasty human tongue. She looked at the side window seeing a gathering of people. That sign meant one thing, a traffic accident in front of the long line of automobiles, including her vehicle. She was not moving; her transport was not moving either. She looked down and typed on the screen on her personal mobile telephone, typing on the tiny keyboard.
The hidden speaker box squeaked out a loud noise and then then his voice smoothly told. “There is an automobile accident, involving three…four…five automobiles ahead of us. I cannot see more details, but I have stopped the limousine in place waiting along with the other drivers. The traffic automobiles are all stopped here on the same roadway too. I do believe it is a car wreck up the street from the hospital.” Then the rude chauffeur driver slapped off the communication creating a long sound of static.
Before she could snarl at her nasty driver, an array of numerous loud sirens coming from numerous police, fire trucks, and ambulances flooded the outside air waves. She turned and frowned at each manicured lawn on the office building, where a small crowd of by-standers were gathering to view the terrible event. She whispered for her eardrums only. “I can’t believe it. I can’t believe that house is listed on the National Registered Historical Places here in the State of Alabama, much less within the U.S.A. My house should also have become a Nationally Registered Historical Place like Ace’s Fortress. What a disgusting name? Attila's Fortress. Why! Why! Why is that house famous among the archives here in the South, but not mine? I don’t know why or how, but I must continue to uncover the true truth. Attila has lots of money, but I possess more monies. Attila somehow bribed one of the simple-minded clerks at the local office of the National Registered Historical Places in downtown Mobile. That's it! That's it! I figured it out. So now, I need to continue to search for Ace's American and sub-American family tree. However, I can't find a flea or tick on his grandfather or his father or his great-grandfather or his great-great grandfather. What was his original country? Well, I do not know the answer to that question either. Attila did not talk about any of his ancient and dead family kinfolks, until the high society of Mobilians, like me. The elite Mobilian class is rude, rich, rowdy, risky, rouge, and other R-words. The elite Mobilians cherish their foreign blood protein, like me,” she laughed then frowned exhaling a deep sigh.
She frowned then whispered again. “But, now, poor Attila never will." She laughed out loud and then frowned. “Well, I'll keep looking for my answers, of course," she brushed both of her dirty hands in the air and cleaned off more food crumbs onto her dress, whipping out her personal mobile telephone, whispering for her eardrums only, activating the phone. She typed on the tiny keyboard and stared down at the tiny screen. "I know all of the ancient stories about my blood relatives. I’m the great-great granddaughter of Marguerite Pamelia Savaray, who at the age of fifteen years was a lady-in-waiting for Maria Antoinette, Queen of France. Marguerite had left her homeland of France and sailed on a sea vessel named the Pelican to the New World. 
“In the year 1704, in the New World, at the French colony and fort named Fort Louis de la Mobile, twenty years old Marguerite met and then married a nice French military officer becoming one of the original twenty-three named and known ‘Pelican Girls’ and the first natives of Mobile among the American colonies. So, I’m truly a true native American girl here in the USA. However, I can't believe that I didn't marry another blue-blood Mobilian. Well, I had no choice here. There was not one single blue-blooded male left in the city of Mobile matching my chronological age. I could find a younger blue-blooded male either. And if I wanna get my ancestral home named Pamelia Plantation listed on the National Registered Historical Places, then I needed to marry another native Mobilian. So, I found out and accidentally met and then married Samuel Attila Smith, very swiftly. However, I do not believe that Attila is one of the ancient and original blue-blooded Mobilians. I can't find his surname anywhere within the local genealogy register database here within the city of Mobile or here within the U.S. State of Alabama or here in the U.S.A. database. I have found the Smith surname within the U.S. State of Alabama, including Edward Smith, John Smith, and David Smith. A plethora of an overabundance of common first names and middle names and surnames, I cannot ever find Attila Smith’s family background. I have searched for Solomon surname and Smithman surname, which has not provided a lead forward to Attila Smith either. What did he say about his family tree? He does not tattle about his hidden family tree but talks about that old house all the time. What did he tattle to me? Ace had inherited that old house from his parents, who were murdered by a trio of nasty teenagers, who did not serve a day in jail. But the trio of nasty teenagers did disappear off the planet or at least left the city of Mobile, before Attila killed them with his two bare hands. I didn't know that fact, but I do know the man. Well, I have also learned swiftly from Attila, too,” she laughed out loud and continued to talk to the partition. The chauffeur could not hear her private conversation as the driver was paid very well to become deaf, blind, and dumb, all the time.
She looked up and frowned through the side window at the manicured lawn with pods of pretty planted colorful flower in front of long rows of short green tinted bushes against a bright pale skyline. The limousine was not moving, only a set of scattered, shuffling people on top of the vanilla colored sideways walked or stood on the flat concrete with watching the action near the car wreck. She whispered for her eardrums only, “That old house is a colonial mansion with a wrap-around porch on both the bottom and upper levels in the rear of the house plan, which had been built in year 1833. The ancient year of 1833 perfectly matches all of the other ancient cottages and antebellum plantation homes here in the Spring Hill community. That old colonial mansion had been built by an Englishmen on top of acres of both weeds and trees. That’s it! That’s all of my collected and shared information. There must a new clue there that I’ve not uncovered,” Magritte looked down and typed on the tiny keyboard while staring down at the tiny screen on her personal mobile telephone as her transport waited for the traffic jam to clear.

At 09:08 a.m., inside the truck cab with the cold air-conditioning waves blasting against his sweaty face, Ace drove in record time to his final destination. Both his swifter speed and quicker time were two dependent factors aiding his arrival away from that mysterious automobile accident in the opposite direction on Springhill Avenue. The car accident appeared severe for the occupants within multiple crashed man-made automobiles. If that car wreck had occurred on the northern avenue of Springhill Avenue, Ace would have never reached Attila’s house in time, before Magritte completed her hair and nail beauty treatment,
Ace slapped the braking system using the pedal brake then quickly reduced the racing speeding on his personal pickup truck, sliding each locked wheel over the smooth pavement on the public roadway named Ansley Lane, settling all four black-tinted rubber wheels on top of the dull-looking, vanilla-colored flat concrete driveway. He would apologize to his grandfather later for streaking the driveway with tire marks, once his grandfather was awake and out of the hospital bed and back at his home residence.
The third story antebellum house stands a half-a-mile from the start of the city roadway named Ansley Lane and one mile west from Ace's antebellum manor which is located on the opposite end of the same named city street. These were only two building structures on Ansley Lane.
The house stands in the middle of 3,000 acres with thick groves of tall pine trees that are 300 years old, where the Native American Mabila Indian braves had enjoyed scratching a back side and gossiping about each lovely Native American Indian squaw. Some of the pine tree bark displayed a set of ugly and incoherent knife marks coming from a younger Ace, when he was a young boy having fun in the wild wilderness acting as a rebel cowboy, during the summertime days, without adult supervision.
Behind the manicured back yard of green tinted grass and pods of flowers and short rows of trees, more wilderness exists and protects all of the native wild birds and animals extending for three miles towards the natural spring water stream which is called Three Mile Creek. Attila's land property line ends at the nature spring water stream.
The three-story front facade features four massive concrete-made columns in stark white hue behind a set of exterior walls in cider block of yellow pain blinding the flying birds and pissing off all of the local neighbors. The long, wide, and flat driveway is composed of dull colored vanilla colored concrete slabs that encompasses the entire front lawn, covering up the rich fertile dirt, killing all of the grass roots and runs ahead into a long row of six steps that leads onto the front porch. The six rows of continuous concrete steps expanses each end on the front porch without a tiny plot of brown tinted dirt and a scattered pod of colored flowers. The front porch is empty of furniture pieces and wall decorations, including the tiny piles of smashed white-tinted nasty bird shit, only a clean concrete surface that highlights a set of green tinted metal double doors in the center of the facade wall beside a row of low-lying undivided glass windows. The glass is specifically treated with a dark tint blocking the heated sunrays and the prying eyeballs of spies.
In the air, a covered balcony setting, enclosed by two gigantic columns, jaunts out from the third level floor that holds the bedroom chambers on each side of the grand house and also shades the first floor entrance doors into the interior rooms. On the ground, slabs of concrete materials cover the dirt and kills the grass blades, veering back into the rear lawn, forming a naked concrete patio surface that encompasses 50 feet lengthwise, without a single piece of patio furniture for sitting or a grilling station for food or a swimming pool for fun.
Decades before, the patio surface was covered with a short ugly rooftop that blocked the beauty of the sunlight and the lush wilderness, in which, Attila ripped off as he did not like to eat any of his food meals outdoors on the patio surface and never purchased furniture pieces for the occasion.
The solid slabs of flat concrete barely kiss the public roadway, where a row of tiny green tinted weeds sometimes tries to thrive, but the vicious gardener murders them each week day. At the end of the square shaped driveway, a long walkway in matching concrete materials parallels the rest of the Mobile city roadway for one mile and then ends a few yards away from Ace's house as there are only two building structures on the two-mile stretch of nicely paved gray tinted asphalt, so Attila can exercise in the early morning without tripping over grass roots, running from barking dogs, and arriving in time for the breakfast meal with his grandson Ace, before his recent marriage commitment to the elderly, bossy, and rude southern bitch wife Magritte, in the month of February, this year.
On top of the concrete driveway, Ace opened the vehicle door and rushed away from the truck, slapping the unlocked door with his rear boot heel, which was a fantastic feat, racing ahead over the non-heated, smooth slabs while sneering with fury at his number enemy, Magritte. He leaped up from the hard concrete, landing down on the third concrete stair step, alternating each boot toe on the other steps and then slammed down on top of the concrete front facade. He raced ahead and slammed into the double-wide front entrance door, reaching up, grabbing the hidden front door key and dropped back down, opening one of the doors. He entered the grand foyer with an active mind.
The first floor presents a grand foyer that measures 50 feet across, which is the length of a semi-tractor trailer, and 30 feet in width, which is over half the length of a second semi-tractor trailer, exhibiting a smooth dark hard wood floor, without a throw rug or pieces of individual living room furniture and displays four mint green colored solid walls. The entrance wall contains a row of low-lying solid glass windows that lights the room with natural sunlight and also heats the room in the hot summertime days while exposing the naked city street and front manicured lawn.
Each side wall soars up towards a thirty-foot high ceiling and then hits the third floor level white tinted ceiling, without rattling the delicate, gigantic glass chandelier that quietly glitters in rainbow sparkles from the numerous gently sunrays coming into each upper level glass window.
Each side wall contains a scattered non-geometric array of numerous dull-looking oil paintings depicting numerous dead and buried Smith blood-related family members, which was an old custom back during the antebellum era while scaring all of the naughty children back into their bedroom for the early evening while their parents enjoyed the quiet time. And that old custom southern had worked on a younger Ace, before he turned six years and figured out the dead and buried people pictures didn't haunt his grandfather's mansion as he-ghosts and she-ghosts, only the ancient Smith graveyard, which was located two miles from the house.
The rest of side wall displays an individual double-wide staircase, not a single wide staircase, where back in time, within the Old South, each southern belle needed the extra space on each step, marching in a single line up the grand staircase, after the fun dancing grand ball while wearing her puffy and fluffy, colorful plantation gown, without tripping on each wooden step. Each staircase leads up to the second and third floor levels, which consists of two gigantic bedrooms, with various a purpose for sleeping.
At the intersection on the entrance wall and the left-sided solid wall, the enclosed wall corner is slightly indented outward from the wall plaster, without a glass window pane for beauty, but displays an odd-looking dark green-tinted metal frame object which slightly resembles a loveseat, without a butthole cushion or a back rest cushion or an arm rest.
Back in time, within the Old South, a courting corner was built into one of the entrance wall-corners, within the foyer setting, and it used as a physical court region for each southern belle to a proper greet her southern gentleman. The courting corner held an oversized loveseat with an arched back rest and a soft thickly padded cushion for two humans and one plantation dress, where the furniture piece was out of sight of spying eyeballs coming from a younger sister or a nosy mother or aunt. Slightly beside the loveseat piece, a short wooden table displayed a cute, frilly pink tinted tablecloth which held a small silver tinted serving tray with a heated teapot of tea or coffee or coco, two cold-feeling teacups, a small vase of flowers coming from the proper southern gentleman and a tiny plate of home-made cookies that the southern belle had supposedly made with her naked hands with the aid of the plantation cook inside the kitchen setting that was located outside the manor and several feet from the house.
Back in time, within the Old South, the courtship process started with the first meeting of the proper southern gentleman, who arrived with a handful of colored flowers in a friendly hue of yellow. The gentleman and the lady met at the door and then moved over the courting corner and courted for hours, until the father of the lady asked the gentleman to leave. 
On the second evening, after the suppertime meal, the proper southern gentleman appeared presenting a handful of freshly pink-tinted flowers to his courting belle. They moved back to the courting corner and courted for hours, until he was asked to leave by the father of lady.
On the third evening, a after the suppertime meal, the guy arrived with red tinted roses for his belle, duplicating the same courting process, until it was time for the man to leave.
On the fourth evening, after the suppertime male, the proper gentleman arrived with a diamond ring and proposed marriage to his southern belle ad future bride.
Now, this example of a courtship is short and sweet. sometime, the courtship lasted for weeks or a couple of months depending upon if each family agreed with the gentleman.
Inside the grand manor, in the middle of grand foyer setting, Attila didn't desire a courting couch in the courting corner, so he placed an ugly wired-looking fake loveseat which cannot be used for a sitting to occupy that empty space, without perturbing the placid scene of the foyer.
On the forward wall with an individual double-wide staircase, an arched central hallway, which is designed like a train or automobile tunnel, displays a side row of individual true and really scary dull-looking, tall metal Medieval knights of armor with a real sword weapon and a true metal face mask. As a kid, Ace was frightened of the men in metal at first, until he personal banged his metal toy while breaking some of the parts on each outside armor gear of every knight statue and didn't hear a returning knock from the depths of the metal. The long, semi-dark tunnel, without natural or man-made lightning, houses two rows of five individual pieces of knights and leads down towards three individual archways which is scattered on each side wall of dark brown paint.
Ace moved ahead with a growl and slammed the front door shut, colliding into the circular table in the middle of the room, quickly grabbing the smooth curvy edge with both of his cupped hands and straightened the furniture piece into a calm balance. The center of the lightweight wooden naked table contained a heavy rectangular vase of colorful flowers. He gasped in alarm and stared down at the flower arrangement. “Where in the hell did you come from, Table? Granddaddy does not...” He huffed in annoyance. “Magritte! I must be careful in here. This is his and her house, not mine. And I’m a licensed Alabama lawyer and a military judge. I know the crime and the time for breaking and entering someone’s else property other than mine. I do not want her to know that I know that I have been in here searching for you know.” He back stepped with a stern face and scooted around the new center table darting his two eyeballs around the foyer setting, not seeing any new additional items or any paid house staff members, who only worked on Monday and Wednesdays. He strutted through the tunnel hallway, without perturbing any of the sleepy knights and then softly growled for his eardrums only. "I wished there were one or two he-ghosts inside one or two of those old ancient knights of armor. Then, I could ask the nosy he-ghost where the roller and pressing machine was located here inside this gawd dawn gigantic house. The most logical place for a roller and pressing station while creating your own set of nasty gelatin capsules would be located inside the kitchen setting," he turned to face the side wall and stood in front of the pocket door, leaning into the wood, listening for any sounds. The house staff members were not present inside the residence, but another stranger or visitor of Magritte's could be here and present while snooping around an empty and unguarded house for priceless asset values or secret information.
His Granddaddy Attila did not possess his Resources team members anymore. His four male Resources had retired in luxury with Attila’s money or had died from old age. Thus, the manor house was always unsecured during the day and night.
Ace sneered into the wooden door then whispered. “I'll take care of that again, once my granddaddy is out of the hospital, while his body is recuperating at my house with tons of qualified and trained registered nurses.” He slid open the door carefully scanning the ancient kitchen setting, in silence, without seeing a warm body or a warm plate of food or a warm cooking pan. “Let the fucking death games begin, Gritty!” He snarled and entered the first of many rooms within his grandfather’s manor.

At 09:11 a.m., back at the medical building, on the second floor, Fawn sat in the chair watching the physician. Sam spun around with a smile and reached out, grabbing a second chair, pulling in front of his new patient. He sat down then stated. "Now, I am going to use one of the bigger words that Dr. McCoo used during her medical examination, a laryngoscope procedure. There are two types of laryngoscope tests, which are labeled direct and indirect. I bet you can deduct that an indirect medical procedure is a swifter method and less painful and you are correct. That silly, young physician could have performed an indirect laryngoscope procedure and not scared you with all of that medical babble, completing a thorough examination of your throat, based on your current medical records. My next medical test requires your body upright and balanced in that chair. That sounds funny, but I will explain in more detail. Sit upright and straight in the high back hair. I will not need to numb your tongue or use a local anesthetic drug on my body. This simple medical procedure is really fast, and my decades of medical experience will apply here. Open your mouth and stick out your tongue like a three year old child!" He softly laughed.
Fawn sat upright in the chair and opened her mouth, closing her two eyelashes, crossing all of her finger and toe bones with luck.
He said. "Next, I am going to cover your long pink-tinted tongue, which is blocking my view down your throat with a soft gauze pad. You will feel like gagging or vomiting, please don't."
She stuck out her tongue without sound.
Sam placed the gauze over her tongue and continued to lecture, reaching over, grabbing a new medical instrument and said with a smile. "I am going to insert a small mirror down into your throat and explore the tissue area using my medical skills and my pair of medical eyeballs." He held the gauze with one hand and lifted his arm, slowly moving a tiny mirror through the parted lips, over her tongue, gently dropping down the front part of her throat. "Make a sound inside your throat for me. I know that your voice cords cannot produce a sound, but your larynx or voice box still moves for you and for me."
She pushed air molecules from her tight throat, without a sweet sound.
He continued to examine her throat and said. "I do not see a foreign object down in your throat, but I see," he whipped out the mirror and then removed the wet gauze from her tongue, rolling the wheeled chair away from Fawn, nodding with a smile. "Fawn, I found it."
She opened her two eyelashes and gasped in shock without producing a sweet sound, staring at the physician.
He nodded with his smile then announced. "You have fibrosis."
She frowned with puzzlement without jumping up from the chair with joyous happiness and did not believe his medical term. No other physician had so quickly found her voice cord issue for months. She mentally thought within her active mind.

is he lying to me?   i have been located here inside his office suite for one hour.   if it is true, is that good or bad?   i am going to become cured.   i cannot ask any questions.   i do not understand.

He nodded with a smile and wiggled both of his hands in the air then dropped both of his arms slapping his laboratory coat. He explained. "I am going to explain your medical condition of fibrosis. So, please listen and try to comprehend. And I will write all of your medical information down inside my personal mobile telephone for your medical records. Each vocal cord is a long band of elastic muscle tissue which are located side to side inside your voice box above the windpipe. Each vocal cord can become strained or damaged by infections, tumors, and trauma of singing or yelling in harmony or off-key," Sam laughed. "When a person is quiet, the voice cords stay open creating an airway for breathing. When a person talks, the voice cords close shut and as streams of heated air molecules coming out from your two lungs is forced through the closed door, making the voice box vibrate with sound. When the vibrate is faster, a human produces a high-pitched sound. When the vibrate is slower, a human produces a low-pitched sound.
"A pair of strained, not injured vocal cords is a nuisance and not a severe problem for a talking human. If the strained pair of vocal cords did not heal, then the human is experiencing another medical problem. For the past few days, you have been visiting with an assortment of medical physician, who have concluded correctly that you do not possess any common vocal cord disorders including a single callus-like nodule growth or a sac-like cyst fluid or an ulcer or reflux condition.
“The medical condition laryngitis is a swelling of the vocal cords which is caused by inflammation from the common cold, which cannot be cured but corralled with plenty of body rest and wet exterior beverage fluids. An infection will swell each vocal cord and then change the sound of the human voice, sometimes, permanently cutting off sound. The medical condition of laryngitis is caused by a vocal abuse or allergies or a viral infection or reflux of stomach acids or irritating cigarette smoke or too much alcohol drinks. Some of your physicians thought you secretively were drinking alcoholic beverages which was making your voice cords swell up and appear closer to each other. That is a logical conclusion without more medical test and a pair of trained medical eyeballs, like mine. This is reason for collecting all of your immediately bodily fluids, where I had quickly eliminated a parasite or another organism, which was negative.
"You do not possess a single vocal cord tumor or a group of cancerous cells or vocal cord paralysis. A vocal cord paralysis occurs when one or both vocal folds do not open and close properly. You do not exhibit head or neck trauma or a neurological disease, such like Parkinson's disease or multiple sclerosis. You have not had a stroke or a viral infection or a debilitating disease or inhaled a corticosteroid medicine spray.
“From your medical records, you did not experience trauma during your birth from your biological mother. You do not exhibit any clinical symptoms that is related to damaged voice cords, such like, hoarseness, a low-pitched voice timber, breathy voice, loss of a musical vocal range, throat pain, a tired speaking voice, a fever, continuous clearing your throat, discomforted or strained cords, difficulty swallowing, a lump in the throat, unexplained pain, or coughing up bloody spit."
He wiggled side to side and nodded to Fawn. "Now, I am going veer in a different direction. Each vocal cord is shaped as a flat triangular band and is almost colored in white hue." He lifted his hand and formed a lousy triangle shaped with his thumb pad and index finger pad with a long hollow oval-shape, outlining each finger. "On each vocal cord, the outside lining surface is covered in a layer of mucus that provides a watery environment keeping each voice cord moist and lubricated. The layer of moist mucus that is stretched horizontally going back to front across the windpipe protecting the delicate tissue.
“Males and females possess a different voice fold size. A male possesses a longer and thicker pair of voice folds, which produces a lower pitch. The voice folds on a child are shorter than an adult while sounding with a squeaky-mousy timber, until the child reaches teenly puberty. The length of the voice fold at birth is six millimeters and then grows sixteen millimeters into adulthood. So, each voice fold had successful grow-up healthy and fit into a pair of adult voice cords. Now, I have explained the physical composite on a pair of voice folds or cords, for a specific purpose. How does all of this medical and biological information relate to you, Fawn? I have the answer after reading through your past and current medical records.
"When your evil biological mother used the sharp knife and cut your external throat muscles, she tore the external tissue skin and created a tiny hole within your throat muscles, slicing down into your windpipe that was used for breathing. I don't know why you didn't die from the severe injury as a baby. Maybe, the torn hole was small enough from death and large enough for breathing. However, once your internal windpipe was torn open, you could not cry out loud from the pain. Once the paramedic found your hidden and wounded tiny infant body, he inserted a tiny medical tube through the bloody hole that saved your infant life force, but you still could not cry or scream or coo." He clapped with a smile. "That's it! That's it! That's it! I figured it all out, Fawn."
Fawn continued to sit and smiled at the physician without understanding his conclusion, mentally thinking within her active mind.

that's great!   that’s great!   can you heal or fix my broken vocal cords?   don't explain!   just do it, right here and right now!   then i can go back home and speak with ace, using my natural girly voice.   i wonder!   what my natural timber sounds like coming from my fixed vocal cords?

Sam nodded with his smile then said. "Stenosis is an abnormal narrowing in a blood vessel or a tubular organ or the muscle tissues or the bone structure. Spinal stenosis is the abnormal narrowing of the spinal canal. Aortic stenosis is the abnormal narrowing of the valve in the blood vessel branching off from the heart or aorta. carotid artery stenosis is the abnormal narrowing of the blood vessels in the neck that carry blood from the heart organ up into the brain matter. Lumber spinal stenosis is the abnormal narrowing of the open spaces in the lower lumbar spine. Sub-glottic stenosis is the abnormal narrowing of the windpipe tissue below the voice cords. However, you have not experienced any of these listed stenosis abnormal narrowing medical conditions inside your healthy body, within our blood vessels or tubular organs or muscles or bone structures.
"Trauma is the most common cause of any type of stenosis abnormal narrowing medical condition in children, teenagers, and adults. Ninety percent of all acquired chronic sub-glottic stenosis medical cases involving an abnormal narrowing within the windpipe in children, teenagers, and adults comes from an endotracheal intubation, during an emergency situation. Also, the medical condition of congenital sub-glottic stenosis abnormal narrowing of the windpipe tissue is listed a rare birth defect in babies.
“The cause of a congenital sub-glottic stenosis medical condition is unknown at this time, within the medical field, on each affected infant, but the clinical result creates scar tissue formation within the windpipe due to prolonged endotracheal intubation or airway surgery. Do you understand all of this medical information, Fawn? This is incredible. This is amazing. You are a medical mystery that I have solved. I should write up your medical mystery and publish my clinical findings in one of the medical journals. This is it! I have found the root cause of your lack of speech."
She shook her curls with a fake smile and indicated that she did not understand the physician, mentally pondering within her active mind.

what is the root cause?   i do not understand your medical words or terms.   i do not need to understand your medical words or terms.   just help me, right here and right now!   fix my damaged vocal cords, right here and right now!

Sam frowned then exclaimed. "O! I can see that you are still confusion with my new medical discovery as I continue to use all of my medical buzz words. When the paramedic found you and then inserted a tiny medical tube down into the tiny bloody hole on your torn throat muscles, you could not scream or speech due to the tube. At the hospital emergency room, the pediatric surgery replaced the bloody tube from the paramedic with a tiny infant ventilator machine, so you could breath and stay alive but could not scream or speak. The pediatrician had no choice but to leave the tiny man-made breathing machine inside your tore throat tissues, until the tissue muscles healed, before removing the man-made devise, so you could continue to breathe on your own. Your lack of sound had started that day as a two week old injury infant.
“Essentially, your mother performed a baby tracheotomy medical procedure that did not kill your infant body, in which, you continued to inhale air molecules and then exhale air molecule keeping you alive and healthy. Her non-surgical hole in the outer skin on your wounded neck went through your windpipe, below the voice box, which is really called a tracheotomy medical procedure. The hole bypassed the throat tissues and did not block the proper air pathway during your baby slumber or with your baby injury. Infection was the first terrible risk, in which, the pediatrician treated with antibodies.
"A newborn possesses a loose voice cord structure, without a vocal ligament. A vocal ligament is a layered structure which starts working on sound phonation that develops during the infancy stage through the adolescence phase. In a newborn baby, the vocal cords are composed of hyaluronic acid, fibronectin, fibroblasts, elastic fibers, and collagenous fibers. Those are some long, fancy medical words that aid the watery environment within the baby human's windpipe for vocal biomechanics, such like, crying from cold air, screaming for warm breast milk, and yelling from painful medical vaccination shots. Fibronectin acts like a growing skeleton structure for tissue formation. Your set of collagen fibers remained stable. Over time as a baby, the voice fold structure continued to grow and change, without producing a sound. The outer surface of each voice fold contained the mucus fluid which set and hardened over the tissue.
"A growing child possesses one layer on their vocal cords, still without vocal ligament, where an adult possesses three layers on the mature vocal cords. The vocal ligament becomes present at the age of four years old in a child. Two layers on each voice cord develops at the age of six which matures during adolescent, which is part of the teenly changes from girl to woman. I wanna point out that the voice fold vibration is the foundation for vocalizing words and sounds that distinguishes a child from an adult. An adult female voice timber is three tones lower than a child.
“During teenly puberty, starting at the age of twelve years old, the voice timber will change, which is controlled by the sex hormones. In a female teenager, the voice muscle thickens and remains supple and narrow from a male teenager during the change. This chemical action is very important here. The layer of continuous wet, moist mucus on the edge of each vocal fold is dependent on estrogen and progesterone hormones coming from the teenly human body. The female estrogen hormone waters the voice fold while female progesterone hormone dries out the voice fold to open and then shut the windpipe while lubricating each voice cord for singing, screaming and speaking, of course. The pair of voice cords is similar to lubricating the set of rubber belts inside your automobile. Else, each belt will dry out, then the automobile will not run properly.
"During your teenly puberty stage, your non-working pair of voice cords were becoming wet and then dry, without any type of vocal biomechanics occurring which caused the mucus wetness to set and then hardened all over the tissue edge on each vocal fold.
"Right now, this is the reason for your fibrosis medical condition of continuous scarring on each one of your healthy voice cords as a two-week old infant. Then, your set of voice cords became worse during your teenly puberty. Thus, you cannot produce a sweet musical note or a soft girly giggle or a loud English word.
"Now, based on my medical knowledge and my trained medical eyeballs, your voice folds display the proper length and roundness and are located in the larynx, above the trachea, which does not wiggle or vibrate for proper sound phonation. During your teenly puberty stage, the vocal ligament had successfully formed with both of the elastic and collagenous fibers which are densely packed bundles that run parallel on the edge of each vocal fold, which leads to your mature voice timber that might sing the rigors of an opera performance. I don't know if you can sing with an angelic operatic voice; but I will be finding out, soonest." He softly chuckled and winked at his new patient.
Fawn smiled with a nod for the first time while hearing the set of nice words for fixing her voice cords, mentally thinking within her active mind.

that's so nice!   i don't know, if i can sing soprano and i do not care to possess a singing voice, only a speaking voice while talking to ace and his friends and his family members.   just fix me right here and right now!   stop with the medical lecture, please, sir!

He frowned then shared. "However, if the tissue condition on the elastic and collagenous fibers are poor or decreased, during your teenly puberty stage, then your vocal muscles might be damaged. Thus, you will never talk or sing or laugh. Fibrous proteins provide strength that supports the voice cords during periods of stress and resists deformation, when each elastic fiber stretches all of the watery tissues and then allows the voice cords to return back into their original shape as a teenager yells at her silly boyfriend," he softly laughed and as Fawn smiled.
He said. "I must explain the reward and the risk, Fawn. This is my job as a trained and licensed medical physician sharing all of the medical information with my patient. Honestly, the human body is remarkable chemical and biological machine that only the Prime Creator understands, such like, a pair of voice cords. No earthling or alien medical scientist understands the grow of six millimeter voice folds into sixteen millimeter voice cords, unless a greater power lets us in on the secret."
She nodded in silence.

if a greater power is needed, then i will start praying for a miracle too.

He smiled then said. "I told you the bad news. Actually, I thought the use of hyperbaric oxygen chamber treatment by Dr. McCoo would sheer off some of the hardened scar tissue covering each one of your voice folds. As that radical, medical procedure did not work on your affected cords, I have some better news. Chemical hormones play an important part in growing a pair of adult voice folds. A chemical human hormone is a chemical molecule that is secreted into the blood stream and then delivered to a specific spot within the biological body that promotes growth and functionality for each organ and tissue through intracellular receptors, gene expression, and protein synthesis. I know my medical statement is a mouthful of words. But the human larynx is affected by an array of chemical hormones, when hearing the difference between the timber of a man and a woman or hearing a male teenage voice pattern change from a boy into a man during male puberty.
“The female menstruation process influences her pair of voice folds. During the pre-menstrual cycle, each female singer is encouraged not to perform one of their singing shows as their natural female voice drops down a musical octave while singing. Thus, I can see without performing any medical tests that your girly hormones are working fine and dandy. So, I am encouraged here. Also, the phonatory sound changes the voice folds from a screaming baby, into a yelling teenager, into a mature adult, and finally at crumbling old person. The pair of voice folds, in an elderly male, thickens due to increased collagen deposits. In an old lady, her set of voice cords becomes covered in thick mucus liquid which affects her natural timber," Sam laughed with his head nod.
He said, "That piece of true medical fact reminds me that when your pair of voice folds are finally fixed, you must start out sounding like a crabby, croaky old woman," he softly chuckled and as Fawn nodded with a smile feeling hope for the first time.
He smiled and extended both of his arms to the side. "There! You have heard the entire fairy tale. I have found the root cause of your lack of phonics for speech and laughter and singing," he dropped both of his hands down into his lap.
Fawn gasped in shock but didn't produce a sound, slapping one cupped hand to her naked throat.
Sam nodded and explained. "Surgical trauma from thyroid surgery on any neck or chest will cause the patient to experience temporary or permanent loss of speech. Your surgical trauma was the baby tracheotomy by your mother, followed by the field tracheotomy by the paramedic and finally the emergency tracheotomy by the pediatrician in the hospital's emergency room. When that tube was inside your windpipe, the layer of mucus did not have an escape pathway up the esophagus, over the tongue, and out from your parted lips. Thus, the wet, moist liquid stayed and hardened on your non-working voice cords creating fibrosis scar tissue that has thickened the edge of each vocal fold lining. And I have a solution that will fix your phonation mechanics as your pair of voice cords are healthy, not damaged, Fawn.
“A simple, non-dangerous outpatient surgery procedure will remove the fibrosis scarring from your pair of healthy voice cords. An endoscopic dilation procedure using laser surgery will quickly remove the built-up of scar tissue on each voice fold which will open up your windpipe for speaking and singing and screaming. Based on my slick manual mirror technique, the size and thickness of each scar band on each voice fold is quite small, not massively large. So, one single surgery procedure is needed and will be quite swift and your recovery time will be swifter," he laughed with his head nod again.
"During an endoscopic dilation medical procedure, the patient is located inside a hospital's operating room and is temporarily sedated for pain management and non-control of their tongue movements. The mouth is opened. A laser instrument emits a fine stream of electromagnetic radiation on the edge of the voice fold, slowly peeling off a layer of the hardened scar tissue. The thin, flaky residual will drift up from the mouth and float around the air currents. Each piece of scar tissue is made of watery mucus. the laser devise is heating the hardened water into a gaseous form. This surgery will take a few hours inside the operating room. Once the scar tissue has been removed, your voice folds will start to vibrate through your widened windpipe, like a normal person, and then you produce sound for the first time, since you were two weeks old infant. This is a medical miracle. You will experience some swelling on your voice folds from the outpatient surgery procedure which will take four to six weeks to heal. Then you will be able to speech, laugh, giggle, talk, sing, scream, yell, holler, and produce an array of sweet and nasty sounds for the rest of your living days."
Fawn softly clapped with a smile and bounced up and down in the padded chair with happiness. She wanted to leave the physician and go directly the United States Coast Guard military base finding and then telling Ace through her touch-communication the great news of fixing her voice folds. This was his last day at his working job, readying for retirement. She waved both of her arms in the air and tried to giggle but could not produce a sweet musical tone, pointing all of her ten finger pads at the physician, nodding wtih joyous happiness. She continued to dance in the padded chair with extremely contentment and could not wait to tattle to Ace also.
Sam gasped in alarm and shook his bone skull, wearing a sad frown, saying to Fawn. "I am so sorry here, Fawn. I am both an infectious diseases medical physician and an operating room surgeon. I understand the surgical procedures. Because I had treated numerous patients with idiopathic sub-glottic stenosis, using an endoscopic dilation of the tracheal stenosis, with a laser devise or an inflatable balloon or performed an open neck surgery resection on the affected tracheal segment with end-to-end anastomosis and..." he exhaled with a puff of worry.
He explained, "I have permanently retired from performing any and all trachea surgery procedures, since the first of the summer," he lifted up both of his hands that mildly shook in the air, nodding with his stern face.
Fawn dropped both of her arms down into her lap and studied his two hands that wiggled in the air waves, halting her tears of sadness.
He nodded with his sad face and shared. "My pair of surgery hands shake in the air, on the table, and down by my rib cage now. I cannot be trusted to touch a delicate pair of damaged or healthy voice folds on a baby or a teenager or a pretty young woman with a mild case of fibrosis. I am getting too old to complete the medical surgery. I am so sorry, Fawn!" He dropped both of his arms and slapped his legs presenting his stern face.
She nodded with a stern face and rotated her two naked hands in the air while communicating to the smart physician using a lousy set of sign language.
He exhaled with a puff worry and nodded with his stern face then expressed. "I do not need to hear a set of vocal words to understand your posed question. I am the only trained and certified operating surgeon for any type of medical sub-glottic stenosis around here in the city of Mobile. I can recommend three very good responsible ear, nose, and throat physicians. One of them can easily perform your simple surgical procedure, if she or he dares too. The voice folds are a treaty and delicate set of soft tissues, within the human body. The physician is not setting a broken bone or extracting a set of bad tonsils. If another good doctor wants to try, then the physician can mess up the voice cords and then permanently damage your throat or your life," he reached out and grabbed a pad of paper, writing down the three names with an ink pen, looking up and extended the paper to Fawn.
She gasped in shock and wrapped both of her arms around her body, mentally thinking within her active mind. 

i wanna live, not die.   i wanna marry ace and become happier.   i am willing to sacrifice my speech for my long years of life.

She nodded with a sad face and slowly stood upright from the padded chair, extending her hand, accepting the piece of paper with three physician names, without seeing the information. She smiled at the smart older physician and then spun around, slowly moving back to the lavatory, streaming a roll of heated tears of sadness and disappointment.
The medial physician and operating surgeon continued to sit and stared at the back spine on the young woman, exhaling with a huff of disappointment, looking down at his two shaky hands of death.
Fawn reached the open archway and closed the lavatory door, softly crying with her deep sorrow, slowly changing back into her regular clothes. She would return back home to Ace’s house and paint a fake smile on her somber face while burying her both failure and disappointment from the gang of southern belles, Magritte, Gem, and her fiancé Ace for the rest of her life, without healing her damaged voice cords.

At 09:14 a.m., among the heated blistering air waves, inside the cold-feeling rear compartment of the silver colored limousine, Magritte continued to study the screen on her personal mobile telephone and whispered for her eardrums only while her transport slowly rolled over the smooth payment down Springhill Avenue.
She said for her eardrums only. “Byre, Jackson, Howell, Sullivan, Worley. Even the electronic State of Alabama Historical Genealogy Database does not display the sur-name of Smith, before the year 1820 A.D. Well, the great State of Alabama didn’t become the great State of Alabama until the year 1819. So, the stupid pioneers couldn’t write or read. What am I doing wrong here?” Magritte looked up and smiled at the same old scenes. She wanted to ask her chauffeur to drive around the corner traveling down Government Street admiring all the ancient historical buildings. However, the hour was getting later as the roadway was crowded even without the lunchtime hour for the working peasants during the hottest heat wave within Mobile.
Government Street was created in the year 1820 A.D., starting at the edge of the Mobile River, running westward for ten miles. The population of Mobile was 1,500 individuals. The foundation road had been filled with the broken bricks and other building materials from the demolished ancient Fort Conde. After the completion of the new roadway, Government Street became known as the ‘Millionaire's Row” in the city sporting the largest and grandest mansions lining the new street, where all of them had been demolished in the year 1980, including the Le Vert House in the year 1827; William G. Chandler Mansion; Jonathan Emanuel Mansion and the Murray Forbes Smith Mansion.”
On top of the smooth leather bench seat, Magritte gasped in shock then softly exclaimed with excitement. "Smith! Smith! There is a blue-blood American citizen with the surname of Smith. How did I miss this man during my research? The Murray Forbes Smith Mansion came with the man, who used the same sur-name of Smith. Is Attila one of the grandchildren from Murray Forbes Smith?"
She typed on the keyboard of her telephone and frowned then announced. "No! Murray Forbes Smith was birthed in the U.S. State of Virginia, in the year 1814, after the start of the War of 1812, a second battle for American independence from that nasty country of England. Well, Murray Forbes Smith is not a native Mobilian. Attila is a native Mobilian, but not a blue-blood American." She looked up and frowned through the side glass window watching a crowd of people, who were curious about the multiple car accident also. She turned and faced the opposite glass window. Each automobile stopped or traveled very slowly while studying at the multiple car accident also enjoying the death scene too.
In the year 1701, the French soldiers came and claimed the Gulf coast shoreline starting in present-day city of Pensacola in present day region of northern U.S. State of Florida heading towards the present day city of Galveston in eastern U.S. State of Texas. All called, La Louisiane.
In the year 1702, the French soldiers and colonists built Fort Louis de la Louisiane as the first capital of the La Louisiane lands.
In the month of March, in the year 1703, Little Easy, the nickname for the seaport city of Mobile and the capital of the colonial French La Louisiane came from the native Mobilians. They organized and then celebrated the first Mardi Gras celebrate party here in the New World.
Magritte shook her curls talking to herself. The driver could not hear her conversation unless he tapped the intercom button. Then she would know also. She sneered. “Then Ace’s biological sister was murdered by her non-biological daughter Gem on Fat Tuesday. I do declare and do recall, so well. Well, that little incident tainted all of the Mardi Gras parties, throughout the city, that very night, all the murderous spread like wildfire through all the parties. Now, I'm married to the dead woman’s grandfather. What a small world!” She frowned. “Well, that’s all over with now.” She continued to stare out the glass window, wearing a bright smile, without seeing Government Street.
Historically, after the year 1703, after numerous land battles with the British and Spanish and American soldiers, the American patriots won creating the center point reference, within the seaport of Mobile, known as Government Street. The street is lined with trees and displayed ancient buildings from the early 19th Century.
Currently, Lower Dauphin Street or the cute nickname LoDa is the entertainment district with musical theaters, small cafes, and weird shops for a visitor or a patron.
Bienville Square features a water fountain with wooden benches and bistro tables watching all of the local festivals including musical concerts and children's events throughout the year.
From one city block away, you can stroll down to Cathedral Square featuring the 180-year-old Cathedral-Basilica of the Immaculate Conception church with exterior walls of stained glass windows and interior marble floors, which was built in the year 1835, and it was the first Catholic parish church located on the Gulf Coast.
After studying each one of the city street-level historical buildings, you can take your evening dinner inside the rooftop restaurant at the 424-foot high sight, within the Trustmark Building seeing the panoramic skyline and the Mobile Bay salty waters.
Magritte personally enjoyed visiting the Mobile Carnival Museum, which was located on Government Street, in the middle of the roadway, inside two-story brightly painted yellow tinted cider block house that featured a court jester statue in electric blue hue and neon orange tint welcoming each visitor to the ancient festival of yesteryears from the first Mardi Gras party in the year 1703 in Mobile.
Her favorite artifact was displayed against the rear wall, on the second floor inside the Mobile Carnival Museum that housed rows of ancient costumes, capes, and charms that featured a diamond-encrusted royal crown coming from one of the ancient, dead French princesses, which has purposefully been stolen by her young clever and ambitious lady-in-waiting from the French court and the royal bedroom chamber.
No other native Mobilian knew the name of the French lady-in-waiting but Magritte. Of course, the young female was Magritte's great-great grandmother, who quietly sailed away from the country of France and landed in the New World, in the year 1704, starting her new life adventure as a newly married wife to a French lieutenant and the rest was part of the ancient American history books.
Each attendee, during the Mardi Gras Day event, wears a fun or regal body costume consisting of fairies or animals or mythological gods and goddesses or silly circus clowns or Medieval royals. No peasants here. Each elaborate creation is decorated with colorful feathers, a specifically designed face mask, and a long glittery body cape. Mardi Gras is not a celebration of Halloween holiday wearing a face mask, such like, a zombie, a mummy, a flying bat, a witch, but the event carries a death theme usually with a golden face mask and an elaborate themed-costume. Mardi Gras is celebration of life, before Ash Wednesday, which is a day of somber peace.
The Mardi Gras Day parade includes colorful motorized grand floats featuring exquisite costumed riders and live animals leading to the house or the hotel for the one of many Mardi Gras masked balls that lasts until the wee morning hours.
The limousine steered again ten feet and then violently shuddered slamming into a vicious halt on top of the busy roadway. Magritte slid across the smooth leather sneering at her incompetent driver without bothering to reprimand the man. She turned and stared out the side window, seeing the people, asking her question. “Why did I leave so soon from the hospital campus? I could have waited there. No, I do not want to wait for a dead body. But I could’ve driven home and then waited there instead. Yes, maybe, I should turn around and go back to my manor home waiting on my hair and nail appointment,” she reached over and slapped the intercom button.
“The traffic is not moving. I will let you know when the traffic starts moving,” he stated then slammed the button off creating a long static sound. Then the sound died.
She exhaled with a puff of annoyance then looked down at the tiny illuminated screen on her personal mobile telephone, typing on the tiny keyboard. She continued, “Well, I can entertain my person here with my cell phone.”

At 09:18 a.m., back inside the medical building, on the second floor, the lavatory door swung open and revealed Fawn, who wore a sad, wet face holding back her hot tears of disappointment, wearing her pink tinted outfit. She moved ahead in silence and turned, nodding to Sam Germer M.D.
The medical physician continued to sit on top of the hard stool, in the middle of the way while waving back a final goodbye, without speaking. There was nothing more to say or do for the young female without surgery procedure on her fibrosis coated voice folds. 
Fawn left the examination room and exited the strange room with four dark walls in dark brown paint, without a glass window for viewing the bright rays of heated sunshine in the city of Mobile, looking down, flooding her face in heated tears. She would return back home to Ace's house and paint a fake smile on her somber face while burying both her failure and disappointment from the gang of southern belles, Magritte, Gem, and her fiancé Ace, for the rest of her life, without healing her damaged voice cords.
Her light brown colored hair roots crashed into a stationary tall object and as Fawn stopped in place looking up with a face of tears, gasping in shock, without making a sound and viewed the fleshy obstacle. 
The tall object was an unknown female, with a head of cropped red tinted hair strands, a sweet smile, a tone of pink-tinted skin, and a pair of green tinted eyeballs, wearing a pair of pink tinted walking shorts, a matching sleeveless blouse, a matching shoulder bag, and a pair of matching flat sandals. She gasped in shock and back stepped away from Fawn staring at the stranger. "O! I’m so sorry. I was looking for the medical office. Are you alright? You appear upset. I’m so sorry, again. Did I upset you? I don't mean to upset you, Young Miss!"
Fawn exhaled with a puff of disappointment and shook her curls in silence, nodding with a fake smile of sorrow to the nice girl, carefully scooting around the unknown woman and then slowly padded towards the middle of the hallway.
The unknown woman spun around and watched the movements on the back spine of Fawn. Fawn stopped in front of the closed elevator door, in the middle of an empty hallway, while she stared down at the floor, wiping off more hot tears of disappointment. She reached up and pressed the button. The door opened and revealed a carriage of people. She entered into the crowded carriage. The door closed shut.
The unknown woman swung back around and examined the side wall, slowly padding down the tan colored wall, stopping at the last door. She viewed the tiny wooden physical sign on the entrance door: Sam Germer M.D.
She reached out and opened the door, pulling out a hand gun from her purse, entering the lobby room. The room is square-shaped with four dark brown painted walls and empty of personnel. She continued inside the room and called out loud. "Hello! Is anyone in here? Are here located here inside the suite? I have an appointment."
Sam Germer heard the loud words and frowned with puzzlement. He was not expecting a second medical patient today. He stood upright from the stool and left the examination room, standing a few feet from an open archway, gasping in shock at the middle-aged woman. He demanded, "Who are you? What do you want here with me? What are you doing holding a hand gun? This is a medical office, not a bank lobby. I do not carry around cash monies. Get outta of here right now, before I’m required to call the police authorities, young bank robber!"
The unknown woman pointed the cold barrel on her personal, not registered handgun at the sweaty forehead on Sam and then moseyed directly ahead, stopping a few feet from his upright body, nodding with a smile. "Now, you tell me everything about that young female, who just left your medical office! What did you do to her?"
He sneered then exclaimed. “That’s none of your business, Miss Bank Robber!”

At 09:22 a.m., the unknown and unidentified woman winked to the medical physician. “Actually, it’s all of my business and my gun agrees with me. Tell me right now! I don’t like games, only points…bullet points, that is,” she softly laughed at her new challenger.

At 09:23 a.m., on Springhill Avenue, inside the rear compartment of the silver tinted limousine, Magritte whispered down at the tiny screen on her personal mobile telephone. “What have I missed in my search about my wedded husband, the almost recently deceased Samuel Attila Smith, Senior or Junior of First or Second or Third? I can’t remember the Roman number on the end of his proper sur-name. The man did live a long time, thou!” She softly giggled. “Ace’s mansion was constructed in the year 1833 A.D., not B.C.,” she giggled.
“In the 1830s, America is a strong nation filled with young stronger peoples as their working older parents died and then ascended into heaven. In the year 1833 A.D., the colonial manor was built by an Englishman, who could have been Ace's great-great-great, great, great, great grandfather. An Englishman. So, Ace’s family tree hails from the country of England. I did miss something important, during my numerous searches on the digital Internet. Now, I have a new clue to follow. Ace’s family tree grew up in the country of England. However, back then, some of the immigrants purposefully changed their sur-name, because they could not read or write or think or they were escaping crimes of passion or thievery, like my Great-Great-Great Grandmother Pamelia. Pamelia, you were a naughty girl,” she frowned.
She continued, “So, if the sur-name of Smith is an incorrect sur-name coming from the country of England, then what would the true surname of Ace’s ancient family tree had been? Wait a minute! Ace’s house and Attila's house both bear the original floor plan and the original land plots, so their kin purchased or stolen or robbed the land from the Native American Indians or the true native Mobilians, in the year 1833. Yeah, they are cheaters and thieves. And both of those mansions reside on the city street named Ansley Lane. Ansley Lane? Ansley Lane! Ansley Lane is a funny city street. The land distance measures only two miles in length from one semi-curvy side on that road to the other semi-curvy side that veers onto a new city street named Chelsea Drive on the eastern side of the Ansley Lane roadway and a different city street named Tudor Lane on the western side of the Ansley Lane. That physical spot is really weird and different. So that means, the land property that covers the current city street named Ansley Lane had been purchased or robbed or stolen, in the year 1833, by all of Ace's ancient and dead blood relatives, who owned guns and then built both of the ancient mansions, not at the same time.
“Ace’s mansion was built in the year 1833. I verified that information, when I was looking for an elderly blue-blood American to marry here in the seaport of Mobile. The other manor was built later during the prosperous Antebellum Era of cotton and cows! That’s it! The sur-name is Ansley or the wife of Mr. Smith, who is named Ansley. Thus, her name or their true sur-name appeared on the ancient dirt road in the year 1833. Now, I have a true clue to follow!" She looked down and quickly typed on the keyboard with a smile and then stopped, reading the new electronic information on the tiny screen.
She frowned then questioned, "What does the name Ansley mean? Based on my Internet find, the name Ansley is an English proper name. I love the Internet. I love it. I am correct. The name Ansley usually refers a baby boy's name. I am correct twice. Ansley is an Old English word, coming from the old country of England, and divides into the two separate Old English words. The first word, An, means, the solitary one. The second word, ley, means, woodland clearing. That's it! I am correct thrice. Back in the year 1833, the landscape would have been solid groves of trees and wilderness. Once all of the trees and weeds had been cleared, the plot of land would hold cows, sheep, chicken, pigs, and horses in a field of meadows. I found it." She laughed.
"This is interesting. The urban or social definition of the name Ansley is a person, who possesses a deep inner desire for a stable, loving family, within a happy community, that works with other people, who are also greatly appreciated. Well, that new social definition is not old man Attila or his crabby grandson Ace." She laughed out loud and smiled. "That's great! Now, I need an Old English location, so I can trace back Ace’s great-great-great-great-great to whatever power grandfather’s family roots." She typed on the tiny keyboard and stared down at the tiny screen on her phone, starting to laugh out loud. "I love the internet.”
She gasped in shock then announced. “I found it! The surname Ansley originated in northern England, in the township of Warwickshire. Yeehaw! I found it. Now, connect the electronic dots and find me the first lady Ansley, here in Warwickshire," she typed on the keyboard and then laughed out loud, reading the information.
"I can't believe that I did it. I found the English name of Ansley. Ansley Lane Thomyson Smyth is married to Henry Samuel Smyth, Junior.” Magritte presented her happy smile and softly bounced on top of her smooth leather seat. “I really did find it! I found the origin of the name Ansley on Ansley Lane. But the English sur-name of Smith is spelled with the alphabetic letter of Y, not an I. But the name of the girl is obvious, Ansley Lane, the female perfectly matches Ansley Lane, which is a city street located here in Mobile, Alabama.” She giggled with silliness.
“You are spelled S.M.Y.T.H, not S.M.I.T.H. The alphabetic letter of Y replaces the alphabetic letter of I, within the usual American surname. Well, that is why I have failed at finding Ace’s ancient family background among the Mobilian database.  The English family Smyth changed the spelling of the surname.”
She continued to grin and bounced on top of the leather bench seat then announced. “I found it! I found the English name of Ansley. Ansley Lane Thomyson Smyth is married to Henry Samuel Smyth, Junior. I really did find it! I found the origin of the name Ansley on Ansley Lane. But the name of Smith is spelled with the alphabetic letter of Y, not an I. The girl named Ansley Lane lived and then she became a road named Ansley Lane.” She laughed with delight.
She typed on the tiny keyboard on her personal mobile telephone, wearing her smile then asked, “What else can I find out? This is so very exciting. Maybe there’s some type of ancient, historical information that will aid me in selling that ancient and old slightly updated Mobile manor of Attila for zillions of U.S. dollars as I am almost a death widower.”
She looked up with a set of soft giggles and then frowned at the side limousine glass window. “The day is heated, and the traffic is slower. Why don’t the non-beach peasants still home and allow the elite princesses and princes free reign on the highway roads? Whatever!” She looked down with a sour frown and typed on the tiny keyboard. “Henry Samuel Smyth, Junior is definitely the great grandfather to the something power to Ace. The Smith family clan loves to use a Roman numeral number behind their sur-name. So, Samuel Smyth was also a smart man just like his great to the thirteen power grandson Samuel Attila Smith, Junior. That’s a great problem for me now. But I’ll figure something bad out, like I always do," she laughed out loud again and then huffed out loud.
“What about her father, Samuel Smyth? I cannot believe that Attila's parents named him after his great-great-great grandfather. And Attila continued the English tradition and named his son Samuel Attila, who named his son, Samuel Attila also. Men! Henry Samuel Smyth is born in the year 1525. O! The date is 1525 A.D., not B.C.” She giggled with silliness then whispered softly. “I’m such a silly girl.”
“Henry, Junior dies in the year 1551 A.D. What! That’s very young in terms of age. He was 26 years of age. That sucks! His wife named Ansley Lane Thomyson Smyth. She was born in the Warwickshire, England. Today, the town is called West Midlands, within Warwickshire County, inside the country of England. She was born in the year 1526 and died in the year 1551 A.D. What! What! What! That’s the same calendar year! They both died in the same calendar year. That sucks for them as a happily wedded couple. Well, that won’t happen to me and Attila. He’ll die first. I promised. I tattled. I told the truth, Your Honor,” she laughed with an evil tone and then frowned with confusion.
“How come a young, healthy couple died so young at 26 years old? I know. I’m such a smart belle, not a dumb belle. I know the answer to everything. The weather pattern hitting the county of England are rainy and cold,” she typed on the keyboard looking up the new information wearing a smile. “I can't believe it; but I do see it. Seeing is believing. I have found the ancient historical family tree link. This has gotta be Ace's family tree, since both of the names carry the proper names of Ansley and Smith. So, the Mobile city street Ansley Lane is named after his great-great-great grandmother Smyth with the letter Y, instead of the letter I. That was very clever of your ancient and dead blood relatives, Attila. What else is here?”
She continued to read the new information. The limousine started to roll over the smooth pavement.
The town of Warwickshire is the birth place of dead and buried playwright and poet William Shakespeare and the location of the family cottage home of Anne Hathaway, the dead wife of William Shakespeare. Warwickshire is a modern day tourist town. That's interesting! Currently, Warwickshire houses 545,000 individuals and is located two hours north of London. Warwick Castle still stands from the English Civil War which had been built by the Normans in the year 1068. A second English castle stands and is called Kenilworth Castle, the favorite summer place for dead and buried famous Queen Elizabeth, the First. A true Roman road of stones bisects the country landscape and still appears near the town of Northamptonshire border near Crick, which is another long English name and another boring tourist trap. Within the town of Warwickshire, on October 23rd, in the year 1642, the first fight between the began the English Civil War, the Battle of Edgehill.
She grinned. “O! That’s where Will Shakespeare became obsessed with ghosts in all of his death plays like Macbeth. Well, enough of the town of Warwickshire! Gimme the listing of all those dead people!” Magritte laughed out loud with an evil tone looking down at the tiny screen. Her transport halted again waiting within the heavy traffic flow of other automobiles. She reached over and slapped the intercom button sneering into the speaker, “What’s going…?”
“Traffic accident.” He addressed back to her question and as he was listening to her mumblings without an option then reached down and smashed the intercom system off, creating silence inside the rear compartment.
She exhaled with a series of heavy sour air molecules and shook her dirty curls, looking down at the tiny screen, typing on the tiny keyboard. She was bored and didn’t have anything else to do but wait on the police authorities to clear the roadway before continuing her short trip into downtown Mobile. She found the new information on Ace’s bloodline ancient and dead relatives and then started reading in silence.

Henry is born in the year 1525 and the dies in the year 1551 A.D.

She exclaimed, “What! That’s very young in terms of age. He was 26 years of age. That sucks! His wife named Ansley Lane Thomyson Smyth. She was born in the Warwickshire, England. Today, the town is called West Midlands, within Warwickshire County, inside the country of England. She was born in the year 1526 and died in the year 1551 A.D. What! What! What! That’s the same calendar year! They both died in the same calendar year. That sucks for them as a happily wedded couple. Well, that won’t happen to me and Attila. He’ll die first. I promised. I tattled. I told the truth, Your Honor,” she laughed with an evil tone and then frowned with confusion. “How come a young, healthy couple died so young at 26 years old? I know. I’m such a smart belle, not a dumb belle. I know the answer to everything. The weather pattern hitting the county of England are rainy and cold,” she typed on the keyboard looking up the new information, reading silently.

The country of England is surrounded by water and the weather climate is influenced by the cold waters of the Atlantic Ocean and the warm Gulf Stream.
England possesses temperate maritime weather with cool temperatures, often cloudy and rainy. A bout of high air temperatures is rare. Rainfall is fairly, evenly spread throughout the calendar year. The western portion of England is wetter than the eastern portion of the country.
From the months of December to February, the wintertime days are described as gray-tinted skyline with wet moist air molecules falling in the air temperature ranges of 32 to 44 degrees Fahrenheit. If the sunrays create a sunny day, the temperatures are very cold. An English winter is long, very cold, windy, dreary, rainy, and sometimes with fog pockets. The days are short with a sunrise at 08:00 am; the nights are long with a sunset at 04:00 pm. The winter temperatures are milder when compared to other European countries on the same geographical region.
She shivered in the seat then expressed. “Ooo! I’m getting chilled with goose bumps just reading that paragraph. The weather climate in my hometown seaport of Mobile is warm in all seasons and extremely heated with gusts of cool ocean wind breezes during the summer months.” She continued reading in silence
.
From the calendar months of March, April, and May, the springtime introduces sudden rain showers, blossoming trees, flowering plants and cheery dispositions, after the cold, wet winter.
From the calendar months of September, October, and November, the autumn season presents dipping air temperatures ranges from 40 to 59 degrees Fahrenheit and shortening days. The weather pattern displays either mild and dry or wet and windy.
From the calendar months of June, July, and August, the summer season is the warmest months with long summer days of a cloudy skyline covering the pale blue hue and occasional thunderstorms covering the sky in darker clouds. The summer weather features cooler temperatures rather than the other countries within the European continent. An English summer is short, comfortable, partly cloudy, and rainy. However, the winter season last longer; the summer season comes early.
In the most recent modern times, the summer season produces a series of dangerous and deadly heat waves soaring the air molecules upwards into 86 degrees Fahrenheit. And the winter season lasts longer while the summer season comes very early.
She whispered for her eardrums only, “Henry Samuel Smyth, Junior is born in the same town of Warwickshire along with his legally married wife too. So, they’re neighbors, not lovers, and can’t have a child. That’s silly!” She laughed. “The modern day town of West Midlands is 149.80 miles from the both the ancient and present international city of London or two hours and 50 minutes by automobile. They lived outside of the royal estates of King Henry, VIII. They birthed a son in the year 1551 too. What! What! What! How’s that even humanly possible? Weill, you can birth a child and then you can die, after childbirth, in the same year and on the same day of the week. What happened to you, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Samuel Smyth, Junior?” “She typed on the tiny keyboard reading out loud the information in the tiny screen. “Mr. and Mrs. Henry Samuel Smyth died from the Sweating Sickness. Mercy! What’s killing all of Ace's kinfolks? This is a fascinating royal mystery." She typed on the phone. "Ah! The Sweating Sickness is killing the English natives. Fifteen years old, Arthur Tudor, the Prince of Wales and the first born heir to the throne and son of King Henry, VII had died from the sweating sickness, in the year 1502, along with his seventeen year old wife, the Princess of Wales. The worse bout of the sweating sickness had occurred in the year 1528.” She continued to silently read the new internet information.

The English Sweating Sickness or the English Sweat Disease invades the countryside of England beginning in the year 1485 and continues with outbreaks in the following time periods of 1508, 1517, 1528, and 1551.
There is no known cause of the disease presenting weird symptoms of giddiness and then bouts of heavy sweating, leading into cardiac failure and then death. The English Sweating Sickness is mostly transmitted inside Wolf Hall, the entertainment and sporting game place for King Henry, the VIII and the disease kills most of his rich elite lords and ladies.

She frowned then stated, “Well, that still doesn’t explain their deadly and quickly demise. Henry and Ansley do not have possess a royal title of English Duke or Count or Duchess or Countess. How did they acquire the rich people’s English Sweating Sickness? The article does not say. That’ll remain a mystery unto my girly neurons.” She frowned. “Hmm! I have seen that word, Sweating Sickness, before. Where was it?” She typed on her personal mobile telephone.

King of England Henry, VIII is born in the year 1491 and dies in the year 1547 from the English Sweating Sickness too.

She frowned then commented, “Well, that’s very strange! Let’s look up the definition of the Sweating Sickness symptoms,” She typed on the tiny keyboard finding the new information, reading in silence.
She didn’t want the driver to purposefully or accidentally overhear her silly, one-sided conversation in the rear compartment as he might think her to be a crazy, insane old woman. She was not an old woman, but he knew the nasty reputations of both Ace and Attila. Ace is a highly respected man, neighbor, and citizen of Mobile along with his grandfather, thus thousands of Mobilians will attend the death funeral of Samuel Attila Smith, the original. However, Magritte had taken measure to prevent that very event. She laughed with an evil tone and stopped typing, finding the new information, reading in silence.

The English Sweating Sickness symptoms include a high fever, two swollen eyeballs, a bloody tongue and vomiting up stomach bile.
A presentation of pimples all over the body, where each pus bust creates a warm nest for worm eggs to hatch and then the worms eat the sore. The victim has a bad breath. All the clinical symptoms kill its victim within 24 to 72 hours after acquiring the infection from direct contact with another contagious sick person. No known source has ever been discovered, and it has no cure.
The English Sweating Sickness was carried by rats and then transferred to humans by small biting insects. The body symptoms include aches and pains all over the body, headaches, thirst, and sweating. Each sick patient experienced exhaustion, rapid pulse rate, dizziness and sleepiness dying within 24 hours after catching this virus. 

Magritte laughed then shared. “Well, it sounds like an ancient COVID-19 virus that has not source and no cure. Or the Sweating Sickness is the modern day COVID-19 virus, in disgust and disguise. The Sweating Sickness kills mostly the royals and the wealthy lords and ladies, not the working class commoners. That’s very weird! Henry Smyth was not a prince or a lord or a baron. Why would working Henry Smyth be hanging around the royals and then catch the Sweating Sickness? I have lots of research to do here.”
She looked up and frowned through the side window then commented. “Today is brightly heated and the sun is blindingly shiny. Everyone and their southern mama are driving on the streets. My limo barely moves down the city street. I’m going to be late for my hair appointment,” she looked back down with a sour frown and typed on the tiny keyboard accessing more information, reading out loud from the tiny screen on her personal mobile telephone.
“I found it! I’m good, ya’ll! Henry Samuel Smyth was an archer. Did he go into battle and then caught the Sweating Sickness from a pirate and then giving to his wife?” She continued to read more of the information.

Before King Henry, the VIII dies, he establishes the Royal Navy employing shipbuilding sites and creating shipping dockyards.
He builds 40 carrack warship featuring four-masts on deck, which is larger than a standard merchant ship. Two of the ship dockyards are on located the River Thames at Deptford, in the year 1513, and Woolwich in the year 1512 and a naval dockyard at Portsmouth, England.
In the year 1540, a warship possesses a crew including 200 sailors, 185 soldiers, and 30 gunners. The crew lived on biscuits and dried salted meat of pork or beef and ten pints of beer, every day.
She laughed then commented, “Well, it seems that Ace’s great grand blood relative enjoyed both the seas and the beer, like him.”

Shipbuilding materials comes from the large forests within the cities of Kent and Sussex.
The Mary Rose is the first flagship for King Henry, VIII. The first name on any sea ship represents a heavenly saint, in this case, the Virgin Mary. 
During a sea battle, the Mary Rose carries six cannon and fires a “broadside attack” maneuver meaning all the cannon guns fire along one side of the ship fixed at once on the enemy ship. Watertight gun ports with hingers are invented by King Henry, VIII. A wooden flap covers the holes on each side of the ship. The flaps were opened during battle, so the cannon lips poked out firing at the enemy ship. The cannon fired stone and iron balls hitting the masts and the rigging on the enemy ship. The ship carried a group of elite archers too. When the ship sailed as close as possible to the enemy ship, the archers would shoot arrows at the sailors on the opposing ship. The captain tried to end a sea battle by boarding the enemy’s ship, so prize monies would be awarded to the winning sailors. So, the captain captured, instead of sinking an enemy ship.
At the Battle of Solent, two hundred French sea ships sail from the country of France and advance to the country of England facing 80 English sea ships, including the Mary Rose. Viscount Lisle, John Dudley is the Admiral of the English Fleet. He sends out a fleet of fire ships to burn up the arriving French warships.
On July 19th, in the year 1545, the French fleet of ships enters Port Solent at the tip of England. Sir George Carew is appointed Vice-Admiral of the English Fleet and the captain of the Mary Rose warship.
During the sea battle engagement, the Mary Rose warship fires from her seaboard side at the French warships, then comes about in high winds on her port side as she turns the ship lists to one side. Her starboard side is low in the sea waves. With the starboard gun ports open and the high winds ravaging on the sea, the Mary Rose dips below the waterline sinking in minutes down in the cold, deep ocean waters. Among the 500 crew members, only 35 sailors survive.

Magritte gasped in shock then exclaimed, “I be doggone! Henry Samuel Smyth, Junior really was an elite royal archer on the Mary Rose warship and really did survive a sinking boat by swimming to the enemy’s sea vessel, without bodily injury, but was captured and then returned unharmed and non-ransomed to another English warship. What else can I find out about Henry Samuel Smyth, Junior. On the Mary Rose, there was not ancient log of inventory or dead bodies,” she laughed.

The modern day sea explorers and water divers have found 250 longbows, 4,000 arrows and braces for an arm guard.
An archer carried physical evidence of repetitive strain injuries to the shoulder and the lower back spine resulting from regular practice with a heavy longbow.
Henry Samuel Smyth, Junior is one among the elite archers on the Mary Rose warship that sunk in the year 1545. However, there is a requirement of English law for every male to learn and practice archery regularly from an early age.

She sneered then asked. “What about an English lady? She had to learn to defend her ladyship, too.” She continued to read the new electronic information on her phone.

A longbow is six feet and six inches long and hewn from the yew tree in the forest of Kent and Sussex.
The yew bark provides the maximum spring pull on the longbow. The archers came mostly from the country of Wales and other parts of Africa, and maybe from the southwestern region of England.
The group of elite archers possesses a set of special skills and unique techniques for the healthy male using it. A longbow is equal in height to the archer in order to pull back a draw weight of 200 pounds.

She gasped in shock then commented, “My word! That’s a strong gripe on a weapon!”

The average length of the arrow shaft is 30 inches.
Each archer stands six feet and two inches or six feet and three inches in height with a muscular build. The longbow is the mega hi-tech weapon during the Middle Ages and the archer is the elite athletic of his day. An archer dresses in loose-fitting red tinted trousers tucked down into leather boots, wearing a long-sleeved white shirt, and a tight-fitting tan-tinted vest.

Magritte frowned, “Ace does not stand or stand upright at the measurement of six feet and two inches tall. He’s a squirt or squat or a square or a short American male standing upright at five feet and ten inches when he is compared to his great grandfather. O! I guess he shrunk in body height downwards for some unexplained alien reason,” she laughed with delight and then grinned with mischievousness. “Back to the storyline,” she giggled.
“Henry and Ansley, both die from the Sweating Sickness disease while visiting the royal court inside Wolf Hall in the city of London. O! That’s where they got sick and then the sickness. That’s so very sad! Poor Henry survives a sinking warship and then gets lots of silver coin from old fat King Henry and then catches an incurable virus and gives it to his lovely wife and then they both die off Planet Earth, drifting up into the heavenly realm. That sucks! Well, they got a sucky pair of soul contracts. I wonder where the two bodies are buried. I bet inside a dirty, anonymous potter’s grave. What other secretive information lies within the two dead bodies of Henry Samuel Smyth, Junior and his wife Ansley Lane Thomyson Smyth. I wish that I had one or two or three city streets were named after me or my family tree. Not one Mobilian city street carries my family ancestral name. I’m one of the true and tried Blue Blood princesses here in Mobile, a true Mobilian,” she gasped in shocked and then smiled.
“I found it! Henry Samuel Smyth, Junior hails from the county of Wales, not England. What does a Welsh man from the country of Wales look like?” she typed on the tiny keyboard finding the information and read quietly without perturbing her driver.

A Welsh male exhibits a dark body with a rugged body frame and strong heavy facial features.
He displays a head of long dark hair, a pair of blue eyes, a pair of thin lips, a high hairline, and a weak jawline and a hook nose. He features a tall, stocky muscular body frame, a chiseled curvy face with a pair of thick dark eyebrows. 
Henry stands tall at six feet and three inches presenting a head of dark brown hair, a pair of blue eyes, a hook nose, and a ruddy skin tone. 

She frowned then stated. “I got a physical image of Henry. What does a Welsh female look like?”

A Welsh female holds a short body frame, a head of dark hair, a tone of pale skin, a pair of full lips, a set blue eyes displaying finely boned facial features and she has a charming personality.
His wife, Ansley Lane Thomyson possesses a tall, robust body frame, a head of black tinted hair, white tinted skin with a blue-tinted undertone, and pair of violet colored eyeballs.

She smiled then said, “Ansley Lane is an English rose. So nice! Well, I know where Ace’s pretty, girly eye color of violet hue comes from. Not many humans have a pair of violet colored eyeballs, which is really a mutated gene of blue irises. So, Ansley Lane is not a street place, but a sweet grandmother. So, Henry Samuel Smyth, Junior is a copy of Smyth, Senior.” She exhaled with annoyance and shook her curls.
“I don’t wanna diving further into ancient English history, as I’m a French petal. And I do not wanna read about the fashions from the year 1550 A.D. Geez, Louie! Every female wore either a loose, high collared, long gown or a tight waisted, low-collared, long gown until the freaking year 1920, when American girls lifted their hemlines to their kneecaps. So, I have truly found the origins of the ancient Mobilian city street. But I’m both intrigued and interested in finding significant information on Ace’s family tree and then use that information against him, if need be. Ace is an evil son of a bitch! And I always ponder how rich I am? Attila never tattled about his monies, but I know from the city street heated gossip that both of his assets and money estates are worth millions and millions. I’m rich and free, like a honey bee,” she laughed with an evil tone.


Six feet, three inches tall. Athletic body frame. Dark hair. Blue-eyed. Hook nose. Ruddy skin tone.

Henry Samuel Smyth, Junior.

Born in the year 1526, in Warwickshire in the country of England.

Employed as a royal archer, in the year 1541 at the age of 15 years old.

Married to Ansley Lane Thomyson, in the year 1541, at the age of 17 years old.

Assigned to the Mary Rose flagship during wartime, in the year 1540, at the age of 16 years.

Produced a son named Henry Samuel Smyth, III, in the year 1550.

Died in the year 1551 from the English Sweating Sickness like his wife and King Henry, VIII.



Five feet, nine inches tall. Robust body frame. Black hair. Violet eyes. White skin.
Ansley Lane Thomyson Smyth.

Born in the year 1526, in Warwickshire in the country of England.

Employed as satin glove maker, in the year 1541, at the age of 13 years old.

Married at the age of 16 years old, in the month of June, on the 8th day, in the year 1542.

Birthed at age of 22 years old, a son named Henry Samuel Smyth, III, in the year 1550.

Died in the year 1551, at the age of 25 years old, from the English Sweating Sickness, like her husband and her king.

Their infant son Henry Samuel Smyth, the third, lives in the town of Portsmouth, where the Mary Rose warship is docked. He appears like his handsome, tall, muscular father and presents black hair, blue eyes, and a ruddy skin tone. He becomes adopted by his uncle, George Samuel Smyth. His uncle resides in The Downs. The Downs is another seaport town and is located 132.70 miles northwest of Portsmouth.

Magritte gasped in shock, “Wow! That’s a long trip for a baby.”
The Downs lies on the North Sea near the English Channel and is called a roadstead, a shelter seaport for sailing ships. Historically, the seaport was a permanent base for warships patrolling the English Channel and a safe anchorage spot during heavy seas, before traveling off to London. At one time, 800 ships were anchored in the safe harbor.
She gasped in shock, “Wow! My mind can’t image that picture.”
Henry Samuel Smyth, Junior is born in the year 1550. After the death of his parents, Henry is renamed as Henry Samuel Smyth, the original replacing his dead father and is adopted by his uncle, George Samuel Smyth.
She frowned, “Who are you, George Samuel Smyth?”
His uncle George Samuel Smyth is an archer also. He was cut from the King’s Elite Royal Archer division and does not sail for fighting and defending England on the Mary Rose flagship of King Henry, the VIII. So, George leaves Portsmouth and marries Constance Norma. Her father owns a Pub. The word, Pub, is shorten for the two words, Public House, a place for people and pets to come talking, eating, drinking, and meeting up with friends and family while relaxing and letting the staff do the work.
She smiled. “I didn’t know that historical tidbit.”

The Pub is named The Black Cat. George works with his wife’s family members operating the Pub for income to the family clan. However, when Henry Samuel Smyth, Junior arrives, his blood and non-blood relatives are afraid of the little baby and keeps his tiny body inside the barn with the dogs.

She gasped in shock, “O! They’re all afraid of catching the contagious English Sweating Sickness. That’s sucks! Or that’s stinks! Or that’s sweats!” She laughed. “I am quite certain this silly internet article is overly, aggressively stated. First, his parents had assets like their house for shelter and their clothes for warmth, and their furniture items of sleeping, and their sack of silver coins for food. So, the blood uncle steals the sack of coins and tosses the baby out with the dirty bathwater. Anyways, you cannot drop a six-month old baby alone in a horse barn with both the horses and the dogs. But there are incidents of single children left in the Amazon jungles and raised by monkeys or lions or bears. O my! Well, Henry has free shelter, the warmth and unconditional love from all the animals and free food, overall a nice life for an orphan. Usually, the majority of English orphans were sold into slavery or eaten by wolves or killed by diseases. Henry had it easy, peasy back then compared to right now!” She exhaled with a puff of annoyance at her current situation sitting in the car too close to the local hospital.

In the year 1550, an outer space white tinted comet tail flies over Planet Earth.
The summertime days and night receive heavy rains and floods killing the crop field, creating food shortages and food starvation. The wintertime days and nights produce dry weather conditions for growing winter crops without ample rain showers.
In the year 1551, the English Sweating Sickness returns and attacks the natives of England plus thunderstorm flash floods ruin the landscape destroying crop fields and creating city streets of trash.
In the year 1554, a comet appears across the dark skies in England and across the world.
In the year 1555, the summertime weather is rainy. That weather pattern will flood all the crop fields creating food shortages and then food starvation. Dark blonde-headed Henry Samuel Smyth turns ten years old and starts to hunt and then kill rats for English pounds.
She gasped in shock, “What! Can a child really become an amateur rat-catcher? What’s a rat-catcher? I don’t know.” She searched the internet waves on her phone.

A rat catcher catches rats or a modern day pest control technician.
Icky, dirty, nasty rats! Vermin include mice, cockroaches, weasels, beetles, flies, moths and rates. Rodents shit on anything. They spread diseases through wound and contaminated foods. 
In the year 1555, the rat-catcher is a paid profession also. A rat-catcher sets a trap to catch and then holds the rates. Then they are fed to hunger cats.

Magritte laughed, “Not true! A specially bred dog called a rat terrier,” she grinned. “That’s so funny. A rat terrier was used by the rat-catcher. This entire electronic historical thread makes my stomach erupt sending my bitter bile up my esophagus.” She reached over and grabbed a small cake chewing swiftly and then swallowed the sweet food item.

The sharp fangs on the rat terrier goes through the rat body allowing a short squeak and a head shake of a speedy death.

She giggled, “Well, that’s good for the dog, not me.”

A rat catcher earned two shillings per rat keeping the rat population under control and preventing diseases, like the Black Death, and prevented damage to the food supplies.

She chuckled, “And I bet the rats were big and fat in the 1600s.”

In one calendar year, a mama and a daddy rate can produce 23,629 rates which eat as much as 21,629 large men.

She frowned, “What does a rat-catcher wear? The fashion of the day was.”

A rat-catcher dresses black hue stalking its ugly prey mostly a night or in the darkness of the back room with the food items inside a Pub or warehouse wearing in a pair of high boots, a pair of tight pants, a tight body shirt, a pair of leather gloves, and a face mask protecting his facial features, and a short hat protecting his hair roots.
His hair was very short down to the bone for safety. An outer coat was worn over the tight clothes keeping a leaping rat from jumping into the human body.

She gasped, “Ugh! Enough of ancient pest control rat-catcher and his pest control duties!” She 

However, at a tender ten years old, little Henry faces stiff competition among his childhood and neighborhood pals.
Within the city of The Downs, children prefer to catch alive and biting rats, instead of cleaning the chimneys or hawking pots and pans to the sailors which paid one shilling or 12 U.S. pennies up towards one English pound or the equals $3.45 in U.S. currencies. A rat is captured and then killed. Or the rat was poisoned into a death day by arsenic in a tiny piece of toasted cheese. Or the rat was killed by a rat terrier.

She said, “I bet little Henry didn’t own a dog or a cat either.”

The rats are usually captured alive and then are sold to a private citizen for use in blood sports.

She gasped in shock. “What! What does that mean? What is a blood sport? A blood sport event is a group of captured, collected and then sold rats which are placed in a deep pit, where crazy citizens bet their English pounds on how long it takes for a single rat terrier to kill all of them. Sick! Sick! I bet sorry for the rat terrier, not the rats. Or the rats were saved and breed selling as pets to the elite class citizens and the royal families. Sicker! Sicker! I’m so glad I’m a French lady. The French elites did not save or pet a dirty, nasty rat, only the English royals did that. A side note, in the year 1545, a rat catcher was housed on the Mary Rose, when it sunk down into the cold English waters as the modern day scientists have been the bones of a dead man.” She hissed in annoyance, “Good grief! I won’t eat for a week, after hearing this terrible ancient historical news flash.” She reached out and grabbed one of the petite pastry cakes dripping in vanilla-coated icing on the outside and sweet red velvety soft cake on the inside. She brought the sweet cake towards her lips sucking down the sugary object and slowly chewed with her nice southern belle manners. She licked her dirty fingers and mumbled her words. “Well, I guess I’ll continue my research on Ace’s ancient and dead relatives as my limo has steered one foot or twelve inches from its previous position. If someone has crashed their transport, please remove both the dead bodies and the wrecked automobile from the Mobilian public street for the rest of the healthy natives. I’m tired of waiting and I’m running late for my scheduled hair and nail appointment.” She exhaled with annoyance and started to silently read the internet information.

In the year 1556, an outer space comet and its long brightly white tinted tail lights up the world including England. Then a spotted fever and smallpox epidemic outbreak occurs.

She smiled, “I wonder, if the naive land natives associated the outer space brightly lit comet and its long tail with the two medical outbreaks. Of course, people died from the clinical diseases and panicked crazy citizens with kitchen knife.”

In the year 1557, a comet rolls by Planet Earth again and an outbreak of Influenza virus occur, of course, people die.
In the year 1558, the summertime days are excessively heated; the wintertime days are excessively cold. And the English Sweating Sickness disease mysterious appears killing more natives in the country of England.
In the year 1560, an outer space flying comet tail appears in the night sky. There is a corn shortage of crops and food.
In the year 1562, the Sweating Sickness attacks more people throughout the cities in England.

She frowned, “This is really a sad and snoring story. Let’s skip some decades and find something else terrible regarding a poor and adopted Henry, the son of Henry Samuel Smyth, Junior.”
In the year 1565, at the age of 15 years old, rat catcher Henry Samuel Smyth measures six feet and three inches in height, possessing a head of dark hair, a pair of blue eyes, and a tone of ruddy skin like his biological father. He marries 14 years old, Isolde Rowan Fairburn.

She grinned, “I know the proper noun, Isolde, means an Ice Queen. Mrs. Henry Samuel Smyth, Junior possesses numerous cold veins of ice and a chilly heart organ, to boot, offering to sleep with a guy that kills rats and rodents for a living. Geez! What a rodent!” She laughed. 

In the year 1566, at the age of 16 years old, Henry and his 15 year old wife Isolde lives in the town of Portsmouth and produces a black-haired, blue-eyed, hook-nosed, and ruddy-skinned first child, a son name Henry Samuel Smyth, Junior.
In the year 1567, at the age of 17 years old, Henry produces his second child, a son name Henry Samuel Smyth, III.
In the year 1569, at the age of 19 years old, Henry produces his second child, a son name Henry Samuel Smyth, IV.
In the year 1572, at the age of 21 years old, Henry produces his third child, a son name Henry Samuel Smyth, V.
In the year 1575, at the age of 23 years old, Henry produces his fourth child, a son name Henry Samuel Smyth, VI.

She laughed, “I know where this is going,” 

In the year 1577, at the age of 25 years old, Henry produces his fifth child, a son name Henry Samuel Smyth, VII.

She frowned and shook her curls down at her phone screen. “No! He did not.”

In the year 1580, an earthquake occurs in the country of Italy. Then a massive mice invasion hits the two English towns including the marshes of Essex and parts of Kent.
Henry, at the age 27 years old, and all his young sons go to Essex and then Kent killing the mice, dragging his pregnancy wife. She births their sixth child, a son name Henry Samuel Smyth, VIII.

Magritte laughed. “And he and his clan save poor England from a nasty mice invasion.” 

In the year 1583, a plague occurs in the city of London from the rats, because all the elites are keeping legally purchased nasty rodents as a fun-loving pet(s). When the ugly pet bits a person, the person dies and then the rat escapes and eats all the food creating diseases among the humans.

She sneered, “Geez, George! History repeats itself, but no one notices in London or the world, but the old folks and then they do tell and then die,” she laughed. “What else is occurring beside and besides all the dead bodies from all the nasty rat bites? Ugh! I feel sick. I might eat for a month now.” She reached over and pressed the cake with the green frosty, stealing the sweet, stuffing into her mouth. She chewed the delicious sweet item and continued to silently read the new internet information.

In the year 1583, in the month of February, Henry and his wife Isolde and all his children move from the town of Kent to grand city of London working to eliminate the rat infection.
In the year 1592, a plague hits the city of London and kills 18,000 natives. 
In the year 1594, a severe weather pattern of cold winter days and night attacks both the people and field crops killing citizens throughout England.
In the year 1595, in the month of April, at the age of 15 years old Henry Samuel Smyth, VIII marries 14 years old, English maiden Holly Lang Hollace Varnham.

She laughed. “Varnham is the girl’s sur-name like varmint. Well, she picked and married the right man, a rat varmint catcher,” Magritte continued to laugh while silently reading the rest of the internet information.

In the years 1596, the English Sweating Sickness returns and kills more citizens.
In the year 1597, at the age of 17 years, in the month of May, Henry produces his first child, a son name Henry Samuel Smyth, 13th.

She gasped in shock, “What! What is this? How bizarre is this pattern? Why’s the number 13 and not number nine? I don’t understand.” The southern bell silently searched through the electronic articles. “O! Henry, the VIII, not the king of England, has five older brothers. Each brother is named Henry Samuel, with a mathematical number. Each brother has named their son Henry Samuel with the next sequential math number. Henry, the VIII gets the next sequential math number of 13. Wow! The math number 13 is a very unlucky number throughout Ancient World History, even modern day hotels and elevator company do not build a thirteen floor or shaft.”

In the year 1598, the summertime days are dry air molecules producing hordes of flies, fleas, and ticks attacking both the peoples and pets. Then there is an outbreak of both smallpox and measles affecting the peoples of England also including some members of the Smyth clan.
In the year 1600, in the month of November, at the age of 20 years old, Henry produces his second child, a son named Henry Samuel Smyth, 15th.
In the year 1603, at the age of 23 years, in the month of April, Henry produces his third child, a son name Henry Samuel Smyth, 18th.
In the year 1614, in the month of July, at the age of 31, Henry buries his 17-year-old, first-born son named Henry Samuel Smyth, 13th, inside a nice grave within the cemetery at the local church. His son died from a nasty rat bite.

She laughed with a nasty tone. “I told you! The math number 13 represents very, very bad luck. Don’t use it! Don’t need it! I told you. Attila is birthed on the thirteenth of August. I saw his birthday, while I was filling out my Last Will and Testimony, a week before my loving husband died,” She laughed with an evil tone.

In the year 1615, in the month of June, at the age of 15 years old, Henry Samuel Smyth, 15th marries 15 years old, London maiden, Sophia Genevieve Alyce Royceston.
In the year 1616, in the month of April, at the age of 16 years old, Henry produces his first child, a son named Henry Samuel Smyth, 20th.”

She laughed. “I can’t believe that silly naming tradition continues with the 20th Smith newborn son named Henry Samuel. However, I wonder how many rat catcher young kids and younger teenagers died from a nasty or two rat bite. I can’t find the death day on each kid here as I must dig deeper down into all the electronic information without missing my scheduled hair and nail appointments. However, I’m more interested in Ace’s blood line, not his uncles or cousins. And I wanna know how Ace’s blood relatives make their millions of dollars. Does a rat catcher become a millionaire, right before his death day?” She grinned and continued to read in silence.

In the year 1616, in the month of April, at the age of 16 years old, Henry produces his first child, a son named Henry Samuel Smyth, 20th.
In the year 1623, in the month of January, at the age of 23 years old, Henry produces his second child, a son named Henry Samuel Smyth, 23rd.
In the year 1626, at the age of 26 years old, in the month of August, Henry produces his third child, a son named Adler Samuel Smyth.

She smiled, “Finally, the Roman number parade stops. I bet his wife named her next kid, after her biological father, who doesn’t possess a Roman numeral number, since the middle name always represents the dad going back to the year 1545 A.D., not B.C.” She laughed.

In the month of October, Henry Samuel Smyth dies of old age at 78 years old seeing the newest family member of the Smyth clan.
In the month of November, Isolde Rowan Fairburn Smyth dies of old age at 78 years old seeing the newest family member of the Smyth clan.
In the month of December, at the age of 46 years old, Henry Samuel Smyth, VIII dies from a rat bit and is buried in the same local church resting beside his first born son, his biological father and mother.

She smiled, “That’s so wonderful. Great-Great Grandmother Ice Queen, Isolde Rowan Fairburn Smyth lived a long, long, long time to the age of 78 years old and she also was able to view and hold her last great-great grandson, without that stupid math number behind his name. Then she died on the Earth plane and ascended into heavenly realm. I also find it strange that each son was named after their great-great grandfather with the exact same first, middle, and last name with a math number. So, that tells me, that lots of the Smith kids and teens died from rat bites, because when the first math number dies, the second math number will inherit the original title, such like, Henry Samuel Smyth, Junior became Henry Samuel Smyth, I, like a freaking English king and his line of royal princes. Well, you ain’t no royal prince Henry, the first.” She sneered and then chuckled, slapping her leg. “I’m the new secretive royal princess, since Attila possesses English blood.” She laughed again and then grinned typing on the tiny keyboard searching for more information through the internet waves. She frowned. “I don’t see any additional information on the Smith brothers or uncles or cousins from Henry, the 15th. However, during this time period, in both English and American History books, numerous English citizens are fleeing the country of England and sailing in a dangerous wooden merchant ship to the New World looking for a better life for themselves and praying out loud,” she laughed out loud with an evil tone and continued to scan the electronic filed. “I found you! I found him and them. I’m good.” She read in silence.


Six feet, four inches tall. Athletic body frame. Black-haired. Blue-eyed. Hook nosed. Fair skinned.

Henry Samuel Smyth, Junior became Henry Samuel Smyth.

Born in the year 1550, in the town of Portsmouth to Henry Samuel Smyth, Junior and Ansley Lane Thomyson Smyth.

In the same year, his parents died from the English Sweating Sickness and he is orphaned as a six-months old child in Portsmouth and then adopted by his uncle George Samuel Smyth moving to The Downs.

In the year 1560, at the age of ten years old, he became a rat catcher for coins.

In the year 1565, at the age of 15 years old, Henry married 14 years old, Isolde Rowan Fairburn.

In the year 1566, at the age of 16 years old, Henry lived in Portsmouth and produced first child, a son name Henry Samuel Smyth, Junior.

In the year 1567, at the age of 17 years old, Henry produced his second child, a son name Henry Samuel Smyth, III.

In the year 1569, at the age of 19 years old, Henry produced his second child, a son name Henry Samuel Smyth, IV.

In the year 1572, at the age of 21 years old, Henry produced his third child, a son name Henry Samuel Smyth, V.

In the year 1575, at the age of 23 years old, Henry produced his fourth child, a son name Henry Samuel Smyth, VI.

In the year 1577, at the age of 25 years old, Henry produces his fifth child, a son name Henry Samuel Smyth, VII.

In the year 1578, at the age of 26 years old, Henry moved his family from Portsmouth to Kent and he produced his sixth child, a son name Henry Samuel Smyth, VIII.

In the year 1580, he became a father-in-law for the first time.

In the year 1581, he became a grandfather for the first time.

In the year 1583, at the age of 31 years old, Henry moved from Kent to London continuing his career and his family business as a rat catcher.

In the year 1596, he became a great-grandfather for the first time.

In the year 1626, in the month of October, at the age of 78 years old, he died from old age, survived by his wife and six sons, six daughters-in-law, ten grandchildren, fifteen great-great children, in the city of London, within the country of England.




Six feet, four inches tall. Athletic body frame. Black-haired. Blue-eyed. Hook nosed. Fair skinned.

Henry Samuel Smyth, VIII.

Born in the year 1580, in the town of Portsmouth to Henry Samuel Smyth and Isolde Rowan Fairburn Smyth.

In the year 1590, at the age of ten years old, he became a rat catcher for coins.

In the year 1595, in the month of April, at the age of 15 years old Henry married 14 years old Holly Lang Hollace Varnham.

In the year 1597, at the age of 17 years, in the month of May, Henry produced his first child, a son name Henry Samuel Smyth, 13th.

In the year 1600, in the month of November, at the age of 20 years old, Henry produced his second child, a son named Henry Samuel Smyth, 15th.

In the year 1603, at the age of 23 years, in the month of April, Henry produced his third child, a son name Henry Samuel Smyth, 18th.

In the year 1613, in the month of June, at the age of 33 years old, Henry became a grandfather for the first time.

In the year 1614, in the month of July, at the age of 31, Henry buried his first-born son named Henry Samuel Smyth, 13th.

In the year 1626, in the month of October, his father died and was buried in London, England.

In the month of November, his biological mother died and was buried in London, England.

In the month of December, at the age of 46 years old, he died from a nasty rat bite, survived by his wife and two sons, three daughters-in-law, and seven grandchildren, in the city of London, within the country of England.



Magritte whispered. “The American year of 1633…”

In the year 1633, black-haired, blue-eyed, pale-skinned, tall and skinny Adler Samuel Smyth is seven years old and boards a sea ship named the Griffin with his parents, aunts, uncles, brothers, and cousins leaving the Old World for the New World.
Henry Smyth, the fifth had been offered free ship passage for hunting down and then killing all the nasty rats within the ship’s food compartments for the ten weeks of bad weather and rough ocean waves.

She smiled, “Not bad, Henry, my smarter boy! Henry and all his family members get a free pass to America, where all the other hard-working, suffering English natives must pay in blood, sweat, and tears for years and decades until their death day with an  indentured slavery servitude to the rich English landowner in the New World.”
The Griffin arrives on September 4th in the same year, Adler stomps off the ship ramp alone and lonely and sad. His parents, sisters, and brothers had become unwell with sickness during the ship trip and then died. All of them were buried at sea. 


Six feet, four inches tall. Athletic body frame. Black-haired. Blue-eyed. Hook nosed. Fair skinned.

Henry Samuel Smyth, 15th.

Born in the year 1600, in London, England to Henry Samuel Smyth, VIII and Holly Lang Hollace Varnham.

Became a rat catcher, at the age of ten years old, in the year 1611.

In the year 1615, in the month of June, at the age of 15 years old, Henry married 15 years old Sophia Genevieve Alyce Royceston.

In the year 1616, in the month of April, at the age of 16 years old, Henry produced his first child, a son named Henry Samuel Smyth, 20th.

In the year 1623, in the month of January, at the age of 23 years old, Henry produced his second child, a son named Henry Samuel Smyth, 23rd.

In the year 1626, at the age of 26 years old, in the month of August, Henry produces his third child, a son named Adler Samuel Smyth.

In the month of October, his biological grandfather died and was buried in London, England.

In the month of November, his biological grandmother died and was buried in London, England.

In the month of December, his oldest brother died from a nasty rat bite and was buried in the city of London, within the country of England.

In the year 1633, at the age of 33 years, in the month of June, he boarded an ocean merchant ship named Griffin in the seaport of The Downs sailing to the New World with all his family members and then he died from numerous rat bites. His dead body was tossed overboard the ship’s railing into the cold Atlantic Ocean waters.


Present day, space, place, time, inside the parked limousine, in the rear compartment, Magritte hissed. “That’s sucks for him, not me! Young child Adler is all alone and scared and dressed like a Puritan-clothed, black-tinted monkey boy. Why here on Planet Earth and up there in the Holy Heavens do the Puritan image look more scary than saintly?” She dove into the keyboard searching the answer, silently reading the information and then frowned. “O! I found it!”

The Sumptuary Law dictated by the Church of England from the years 1690s to 1740s dictated the type of clothing wardrobe for their perishers…naw…parishioners. Each female wore a long, white-tinted apron on top of a black-tinted sack-gown and a long white tinted collar over her throat and a tiny cap on the rear of her hairy bone skull. 
She frowned. “How did a teenager, a young adult, a middle-aged, and older woman walk around in a long dress touching the floor? I have worn many antebellum floor-length gala gowns and it’s very hard to stroll around the dance floor, the table legs, the chair legs, and the people legs without tripping over my own sandaled feet or someone’s else foot.” She read the information and then smiled, “O! I found it! And it all makes sense now. Each lady, peasant and maid developed a kick forward motion shuffling the hemline on her long dress away from her moving shoes walking ahead without an accident. Okay!” She grinned with a soft giggle continuing to read in silence.

Each man wore a black tinted outfit, consisting of a felt hat, a long coat, a waistcoat vest, a white ruff collar, and a pair of knee breeches, a pair of black garters holding up his stockings, and a pair of leather shoes with or without shoe buckles.
She frowned, “No wonder, all the like-minded and look-a-liked Puritan clans fled from England to the New World for a new wardrobe style, honey child,” she chuckled with amusement. “Now, in modern times, the United States Federal Government is trying to dictate your clothes, your books, your mind, and your thoughts. Not happening to me! Take that back U.S. Federal Government! You don’t belong in my life. I’ll never, ever need to use a single free charitable service from the United States Federal Government as I’m rich and not famous, since I have murdered my legally wedded husband with my secret weapon. Well, I didn’t not really! He died of old age, Your Honor!” She laughed with an evil tone and then frowned. “Well, I know and have it all! The Puritan peoples dressed like the angel of death, because their self-appointed death masters and mistresses made them so wear a long black tinted gown or frock coat with a stark, stiff, bold, semi-round, white tinted collar. Is that maybe a symbol of a hanging death? Whatever!” She typed on the tiny keyboard diving into the new internet articles looking for Adler and then frowned. “All I can find is that poor Adler Smyth was adopted by a man named Samuel Stone. Another guy with the same first name! That’s nice! The Samuels must stick together!” She laughed and continued the search. “Let’s look up Samuel Stone, a pilgrim and Puritan here in the New World! That new clue might lead me to Alder, who is Ace’s great, great, great, great, grandfather.”

Magritte whispered. “The American year of 1647…”

The height of fashion for a woman consisted of a dark colored waistcoat over a white tinted shirt, a long skirt called a petticoat. An apron covered the petticoat. A straw hat with a white or natural colored scarf covering the throat tissue. Or a coil or a close-fitting cap on the rear hairy skull. A young girl displayed the same attire.
A man wore a dark-colored waistcoat or a vest with a white tinted long-sleeved shirt and a pair of knee breeches with stockings and a pair of leather shoes without or with a buckle.
New Colonial Governor Peter Stuyvesant arrives at New Amsterdam and takes charge of the settlement and the settlers.

She gasped in shock, “Wait! Wait! That makes no sense! Witch trial! What witchcraft trial? Is Ace’s grandfather a warlock? Is Ace a warlock too? Well then, that explains everything, to me. He seems to know my person as we have not ever met before I started dating his grandfather.” She types on the keyboard. “What is the Connecticut Witchcraft Trials?”

The Connecticut Witchcraft Trials are referred as the Hartford Witchcraft Trials too. The witchcraft trials occurred from the year 1647 A.D. to 1663 A.D. These were the first witchcraft trials in the American colonies.

She looked up and frowned at the side glass window inside her parked limousine. “I was to believe that the Salem Witchcraft Trials were the first trials for a convent of evil witches.” She viewed the phone’s screen and then wildly laughed. “The Connecticut Witchcraft Trials occurred thirty years before the infamous Salem Witchcraft Trials. This is all charmingly captivating! Ace is a warlock, a male witch. O mercy! Is Attila a witchy warlock too? He’s the grandfather of Ace. I must ensure that Attila is quiet dead and stays quietly dead too, if he is really a warlock of magic and mist. He might cast a warlock curse on my person, if he is still alive and barely breathing. I’ll take care of that right after my hair and nail appointment. I can call his female medical physician. Why would a male have a female physician?” She read out loud the information on her personal mobile telephones screen. “Thirty seven cases of witchcraft trials were tried which resulted in eleven executions. Wait! Why is this information important? Well, it’s not important.” She silently reads the information. “Here! Here! This is very important!”
The witchcraft trial prosecutorial tribunal consists of Reverend Samuel Stone of Harford, Joseph Haynes of Wethesfield, Samuel Hooker of Farmington and Samuel Smith of Hartford.
Magritte gasped in shock, “Wait! I found something. My word! Is the name Samuel Smith, the same name of Ace’s ancient and dead ancestor? I see a pair of similar names, Samuel Stone and Samuel Smith, who were referenced in my previous electronic historical article. Samuel Stone adopted Samuel Smyth. There, it states in black tinted letters the two names together. The name of Ace’s great, great, great, great, great, great, great grandfather is Samuel Smith. So, if that is Ace’s dead blood relative, Samuel Smith represent both a judge and a jury, like his great, great, great, grandson. Mercy on me! I need to really research the rest of Ace’s ancient and dead blood-related family members while seeking out any evil ones or witchy ones or devilish ones that could cast a spell on my body or my mind or my soul. O no!” She dove into the internet articles. 
The culture of the witchcraft trials relies on existing evidence, “The Devil man’s involvement in inflicting harm on other innocent beings.”
She frowned, “O! Bless mercy on me and all of my future descendants! But I don’t have any future descendants. I married poorly the first time, and wasted all my resources, and then married well the second time. I am too old and an alone child. Anyways, these are typical religious prosecution acts in Almighty God’s name, which still happens today too. To secure a verbal, not written conviction of the witchcraft act from the person, evidence included battering interrogation or two. Well, shit! That effective tactic has not failed, since 1647 A.D. What else does it say about Samuel Smith?” She read silently through the electronic information.
The first person executed from the first witchcraft trail was a young teenager and married wife named Alse Young within the American colonies. There were not any surviving records or charges from her witchcraft trail.
She buzzed her lips and then frowned, “Yeah, a typical Puritan move, folks! An influenza epidemic occurred throughout New England including her home town of Windsor. Yeah, a woman is blamed for sicknesses throughout history. And her wealthy husband John Young had died from the flu and his wife Alse was ready to inherit his estate of land property and gold coins. So, poor Alse Young was an intended target of jealous and then an innocent victim of a con job by all the single and mature female Puritans for her vast farmland properties and her vast cash monies. Cash is still the king and greed is still the prince, even in the year 1674.”
The second witch person is arrested in the year 1648 and then is jailed and become tormented by Thomas Hooker and his band of zealots. She is accused and then is trialed by the Triduum, two years later, in 1650 A.D. Numerous female eyewitnesses state, the witch displayed of the witchcraft talents on the women, the men, and the children. Puritan colonist Mary Johnson confesses to dancing with the Devil man and other mortal men and then is found guilty by the Triduum as a practicing witch person and then is sentenced to hanging down, stretching out her natural, naked throat muscles into a death day on June 18, 1650.
Magritte frowned and stared the article. “Hmm! I know that English sur-name, Johnson. Some person here in Mobile is named Johnson, a prominent and wealth family, too boot. Where do I know that English name Johnson from? I can’t recall now, but I’ll figure it out later. The Hartford Witchcraft Trials ended in the year 1663 A.D. Wait! There’s no more mention of Samuel Smith. Well, I can research more. Let’s start with each judge on the Hartford Witchcraft Trial!” she typed on the tiny keyboard accessing the new data, silently reading all the information.
Samuel Hooker, his father was named Thomas Hooker. Thomas Hooker died during the Influenza epidemic on July 7th, in the year 1547 A.D. 
She stated, “Well, that’s explains a lot, to me! The entire façade of the Hartford Witchcraft Trials was a fake event covering the flu season that affected and then killed hundreds of colony men, women, teenagers, children and infants, which happens today too, ya’ll.”
Old Thomas Hooker dies at the age of 61 years old and two days. He is called the “Founder of Hartford” and is a Puritan pissant worshiper leading all of his crazy church peoples, who possess a like mind, like him, colonizing the wilder forestlands, with wilder wildlife, for the future U.S. State of Connecticut. He always quotes to his band of pissant worshipers, “Sin is a most crafty enemy, defeating grace.”
She frowned. “Yes sir! Sin and sinful acts are both bad and good, little boy!” She laughed. “I’ll never, ever visit either the ancient or modern day Hartford. Because I will be hung like a vicious witch or burned at the stake as an adulteress,” She laughed and typed on the tiny keyboard and read out loud the information from the tiny screen on her phone. “The town of Hartford was founded in the year 1635. Well, that coincides with Thomas Hooker living Massachusetts looking for a home with the pissant Devil worshippers. Hartford is one of oldest cities in the USA. The city features the oldest art museum of stinky objects; oldest park grasses with pissing dogs,” she laughed. “The oldest park features gravel pathways, groves of ancient tall shade trees, and a pond of polluted water, since the year 1635, with all the dead floating rotten fishes. The park displays tons of ancient granite stonework statues of ancient dead men. The city of Hartford hosts the oldest newspaper. Well, that one is dead and gone now due to the social media. And it features the oldest high school, which is closed due to COVID 19 virus,” she giggled with amusement.
Thomas Hooker is born on July 5th, in the year 1586, and dies on July 7th, in the year 1547.
She laughed, “Old Man Hooker two days after his celebrated birthday party. But if he was sick with the flu, he didn’t party, ya’ll!” She grinned and then frowned. “Well, I know too much about Samuel Hooker’s daddy. What about his son, Samuel Hooker?”
Samuel Hooker is birthed in the year 1629 and was 18 years old serving as a judge on the first American witchcraft trial prosecutorial tribunal.
She grinned, “Wow! This guy must’ve been a genius. No! His daddy can’t serve as a dead man living in fire hell,” she laughed with an evil tone. “So, his poor teenage son does it for his Old Man. No wonder eleven innocent women hung by their twisted neck muscles upon a thick tree limb, the standard punishment for a witch. I hope Samuel Hooker received his just rewards for murdering innocent females by Almighty God.”
Judge teen Samuel Hooker attended Harvard College and graduated in the year 1653 at the age of 24 years old, marrying a virgin, raising two children and dying a young death.
She laughed, “There he goes! God sees. God hears. God knows. God does bad on your ass.” She laughed. “Who’s next up, before the spying eyes of the Lord? Amen!”
Samuel Stone is born on July 18th, in the year 1602, in the country of England. He immigrated to American colonies. Samuel Stone and his buddy Thomas Hooker sailed across the Atlantic Ocean on the same ship named Griffin arriving in Boston Harbor on the fourth day, in the month of September, in the year 1633 A.D. they were both Puritan pissant preachers that escaped from England.
She frowned, “Well, I normally am not intrigued with another ancient ocean sea ship other than my great-great-great grandmother’s sea vessel. But what is the Griffin?” She accessed the information and read quietly. 
The Griffin merchant ship sailing between the years 1633 and 1634 from the seaport city of The Downs, in the foreign county of England, landing at Plymouth Rock, the English colony of the day and hour within British America.
She frowned, “Well, that’s a funny word! I have never seen or read about the American colonies referenced as British American. That’s a true statement. The merchant ship carried religious dissidents…naw…zealots fleeing from England with their hairy bone skull,” she laughed.
On September, the fourth, in the year 1633, seven years old, Adam Samuel Smith strolls onto a merchant ship with the other Puritan religious freaks leaving his home country of England and sails across the vast and wild Atlantic Ocean landing at Plymouth Rock in the New World.
In the year 1633, Adler Samuel Smyth changed his name to Smith. Else, the older adult wrote out his sur-name wrong replacing the low alphabetic letter Y, with the low alphabetic letter I. Then he, Samuel Stone, and Thomas Hooker, and one hundred other like-minded pissant worshipers plus Governor John Hayes left with 130 head of cattle the present day city of Cambridge, within the present-day U.S. State of Massachusetts tromping through the wildlands and established a new colony of Hartford inside an ancient Dutch fort and trading post.
“Drink milk! Eat beef!” She laughed with a hardy happy tone.

An older and wiser English gent Samuel Stone named the wildlands after his English birthplace of Hartford. The word, hartford, represents the ford where the harts cross or a deer crossing.
She frowned, “I hate deer venison!” She continued reading out loud. “At the age of 61 years old and two days! What! Samuel Stone died on the date of July 20th, in the year 1663 A.D. Okay! That’s really weird, ya’ll! God sees. God knows. God hears. God does. God got his revenge or wrath or whatever thing on you both, Samuel Stone and Thomas Hooker. Woe is you, not me!” She laughs then frowns. “That was an interesting but useless side note that side-tracked my search for Ace’s blood relatives.

Alder Samuel Smyth is birthed in the year 1626. His father is Henry Samuel Smyth, 15th and his mother Sophie Genevieve Alyce Royceston Smyth. But after arriving alone and lonely, not hungry, he steps behind a short line of immigrants at Plymouth Rock and is scared shitless mumbling his proper name to the male recorder. Well, he would not have known how to spell or write with a father as a rat-catcher, the catcher of rats. So, when he mumbles, Alder Samuel Smyth. The nicely educated Puritan male writes down: Adam Samuel Smith.
She laughed, “That’s wrong on so many ways! That Puritan bitch destroyed a century of historical information with a stroke of a fountain pen. Now, the new and Americanized Adam Samuel Smith lived in the New World without his family members and survived among the zealot worshippers of Almighty God. Hello dead and alive humans from the human race, Almighty God belongs to the entire human race including aliens and atheists,” she laughed. “So, poor seven year old Adam works his fingers down to the bones like an indenture servant, but he is smart with books and gets seated as one of three judges on a dangerous and deadly witchcraft trial. That’s really unique and unusual!” she gasped in shock. “Now, I recall. The sur-name of Johnson. There are three sisters with the sur-name of Johnson. They attend the same church with Attila and attend the same body on Ace. They always seem to conveniently gently collide into an upright standing Ace, on purpose, when his deaf and dumb belle girlfriend is the bathroom peeing,” she laughed. They are three beautiful females and unmarried and available and really know Ace. They seem to be his same age too. They must have attended the local Mobilian prep school together. Yes, they’re extremely beautiful and properly social and definitely Blue Blood American princesses and females of three. Is there an active and hidden witch convent here in Mobile? I am not aware. Let’s research the sur-name Johnson.” She typed on the tiny keyboard accessing the new data.

The Mobilian family named Johnson includes numerous individuals including the first names from English ancestral including Richard, Robert, David, Edward, Thomas, Samuel, and other common English names.
She smiled, “All righty and mighty! I have confirmed there are numerous Johnson families, blood-related or not, living in Mobile. That’s a start! Now, let’s quiz the English database for the sur-name of Johnson that matches one or more family units, with the surname of Johnson, that continued to live and thrive or died and are buried here in the beach town of Mobile, within the U.S. State of Alabama.” She typed on the tiny keyboard accessing the new data, reading silently the information.

In the year 1099 A.D., within the countryside of England, the Norman Conquest, on the current English weaker natives, including the Picts Kingdom, creates a set of new English king-ruler, who introduce the sur-name of Norman fitzJohns, representing a multitude of spelling variations, including Joynson, Johnson, Joneson, Jonson, and Johnston. Each sur-name translates into “the son of John.” All the different spelling variations represent the modern day sur-names, Johnson and Johnston.
The Norman fitzJohn clan lives in Lincolnshire parish, within the English countryside, which is home to Archdeacon Robert Johnson, a Puritan divine, in the 16th Century.
She gasped in shock and then gaged on her mouth spit, talking out loud, “There he is! He exists going forward into the right century, too boot. There he is! There’s the geographical connection to the American Colony in Massachusetts. Both the sur-name Johnson and Puritan religion in England matches up with all the colonists, within the American colony of Massachusetts, too boot! I’m good at this research thing.” She smiled and continued typing stopping at the new information. “Now, I have connected the Old World to the New World. Witchcraft existed in both worlds Now, I need to connect an existing English Puritan native to the new American Puritan colonist.” She started typing and then halts gasping in surprise, “Look at that! Look at that! I found it! I found it!” She read in silence and wear a wide grin.

In the year 1630, English native and English Puritan Davy Johnson flees on an ocean merchant sea ship from the country of England and lands in the American colony of Massachusetts.
She gasped in shock, “There he is! There he is! A brave and frisky Puritan Englishman has transported from the English Puritan town of the Old World landing in the American Puritan colony of the New World. The American History textbook tattles that some of the bolder Puritan colonist left the original Massachusetts colony and expanded further into the cold, winter wilder northern territories. She hissed, “Now, I have a single cute male from the Puritan colony in England, who lives in the American Colony of Massachusetts. He’s both single and available loving for a nice future wife. Yes. Yes. Now, how I do connect Davy Johnson to marriage to Mary Johnson in the American colony of Hartford. I know how to do it! I need more internet research. That’s the answer!” she typed on the keyboard finding new information and read in silence.

Back inside a new internet article, some of the spelling variations within the Norma fitzJohns clan members include Willelmus Joneson; Willelmus Johnson; Robertus Johanson; Ricardus Joneson; Robertus Jonson, Juliana Joneson.
She gasped in shock. “Wait! I know that name, Juliana. I know a female who’s named Juliana. I know of an older female in Mobile, who’s named Juliana. It’s a unique and pretty proper first name.” She typed on the keyboard accessing the electronic database with all the recorded elite and rich Blue Bloods of the Mobile high society. “There she is! Juliana Johnson is a prominent debutante of the Mobile high society. She is married to Robert Johnson, a licensed Alabama medical physician.” She smiled and then frowned. “That’s so strange! Her maiden sur-name is Johnson and she also is married into her husband’s family tree with the same sur-name of Johnson, unless…” she rapidly typed on the phone again and fond the new information gasping in shock.

Her maiden name is Johnston and then she married a Johnson male, where all the different spelling variations hail from the first English clan of Normal fitzJohn.
“Can you say ‘Kissing cousins’? That’s ancient tradition in English royalty marrying their first or second cousins keeping the royal blood line clean but the genetic features uglier than a wild African hyena,” she laughed with delight. “Her three children are the triplet sisters and named after their mother. Julia. Julie. Juliette. The three triplet sisters attend the same church with both Ace and Attila. So, their mother and her offspring are related to the 1099 A.D. the first recorded and written woman, who is named Juliana Joneson. My research is paying off.” She buzzed he lips. “I have found the Puritan colony and the Puritan male. I have found the sur-name Johnson in the city of Mobile. Now, I have found the ancient witch girl in Hartford. How is she an ancient blood-relative to the three young girls, who are hidden witches, in the city of Mobile? More research!”
She exhaled with annoyance and started typing on the tiny keyboard slowly reading through the information. “I didn’t find anything to connecting the middle-aged Hartford witch woman to the three middle-aged witch girls in Mobile. I was on a great chase. And I’m greatly disappointed but not giving up. There is a blood connection. I feel in my bones,” she darted her two eyeballs down at the clean floor mats. “Maybe, I missed something important at the trail of witchy woman Mary Johnson.” She viewed the keyboard and typed on her phone rereading out loud the old data. “The second witch person was arrested in the year 1648 and then jailed and tormented by Puritan minister Thomas Hooker and all his religious band of zealots. She was accused and then trialed by the triduum, two years later, in 1650 A.D, from her eyewitness displaying of her witchcraft talents. Puritan colonist Mary Johnson confesses to dancing with the devil man and other mortal men. O no! O no! O yes! O yes! However, the immediately completion of her witchcraft hanging sentencing is delayed. Because she is pregnant, with her unborn baby, and cannot be hung for her guilty sentence, until after the birth of her first and only baby, on June 17th, in the year 1650, and then the newborn baby is handed to her non-witchy husband. She was hung into death the next day, on June 18th. That’s it! That’s it! The old witch woman had a baby.”

The non-witch husband moves away from Hartford in the year 1650 and settles into another non-Puritan place eventually raising his only child, and eventually moving here to the seaport Mobile. The town of ancient Mobile was established in the year 1702.

She mumbled her words, “The math number of 1702 minus the math number of 1650 is 52 years. That’s plenty of time to raise his child and move around landing here in Mobile. I must research the family tree of Juliana Johnson and all of her ancient and dead ancestors, too,” she started typing and then stopped. “No! I shouldn’t do that. The three witches and warlock Ace can read my mind while I sit here in my cool limousine and dive into their nasty, witchy background. I’m living well and comfortably. I didn’t want any trouble from the three witchy girls. They seem to have their eyeballs and their witchy love spells on Ace anyways. Ace can deal with them, after they do me a grand favor and kill his deaf and dumb belle girlfriend.” She laughed with an evil tone and then gasped in deep worry.
She looked up with a stern face staring at the closed partition and then gasped in worry, “My stars! I must watch those three triplet sisters, very, very carefully. They’re really three witches from the active, secret, hidden witch convent and Ace is their head warlock there. O dear! I’m worried now. Will they possess the known knowledge that I have murdered sweet, old man Attila in my secret seductive ways? I don’t know. I didn’t think so. I must go and visit with a resourceful and knowledgeable fortune teller, immediately, this afternoon, right after completing my hair salon appointment. A seer of the future event can tell me my future death day and maybe, she can pinpoint Ace’s future death day also.” She laughed with an evil tone. “He’s next on my short elimination list. Then his teenage daughter comes last. Then the end of the English Smith clan, within the city of Mobile, the State of Alabama, the country of America, the continent of North America, the entire world, and even within the outer space non-breathable waves in the Milky Way Galaxy.” She giggled with delight. “God can deal with nasty witches and warlocks, not me. Now, back to my research on the history of the great, nasty and rude warlock Ace and all his warlock and witch family members! I must know now. What are the specific warlock powers that Ace truly possesses along with his witch convent with Julia, Julie, and Juliette? I must go and visit a religious priest, before the funeral on Monday,” she looked down and typed on the phone’s tiny keyboard finding the new information, reading in silence.


Magritte whispered. “The American year of 1663…”

On June, the seventh, in the year 1663, Adam Samuel Smith dies.

She gasped in shock, “What!”

Adam is a young and healthy 37 years old male, in the prime of his hard-working life. He is killed during an Indian attack on the English settlers at Esopus village, the modern day city of Langston, on the present day location of the Hudson River.
The Hudson River Valley is located between Fort Orange and New Amsterdam. The settlers farm the fertile flood plains for food and profits on the Esopus Creek, beside the Native American Indian Esopus Indian camp sites. Petty land disputes creates numerous tiny battle battles between the settlers, traders, trappers against all the Native American Esopus Indian tribes resulting in a handful of single deaths from all parties.
Adam is employed as a fur trapper trading with the Native American Iroquois Indian tribe at Fort Orange living in a place called Breukelen, within the New Amsterdam colony.
She smiled, “Adam is a smart man escaping from Hartford crowd of heavenly sinners moving to the new colony of New Amsterdam, using his first name, not his middle name, in the year 1647. He left the town of Hartford and all the witchcraft trials behind his fleeing butthole. I guess his stomach and his mind couldn’t take the…hangings.” She laughed. “He marries in the year 1648, at the age of 22 years old. O! He marries a tall, slender, fair-skinned, blond-haired, blue-eyed, Dutch woman. His wife is 25 years old and is named Lotte Dottie Beeks. The Dutch females are all pretty species of women. I wondered if they had called her Hottie Lottie Dottie,” she laughed. “Well, they probably didn’t. Else Adam would use his gun on all the men.” She chuckled with amusement.

Both the Netherlands men and women are known for the nickname, “The Land of the Giants,” back then and right now. 
Hottie Lotte Dottie is a tall girl standing five feet and nine inches with long blonde hair, a pair of blue eyes, and a tone of peach tinted skin, and works as a foreign language translator and linguist in New Amsterdam colony. She is a fluent translator speaking Dutch, English, French, and numerous Native American languages.
In the year 1749, they produce first born child named Adam Samuel Smith, Junior, who dies from the smallpox disease.
In the year 1750, their second child is named Adam Samuel Smith, Junior who dies from a diphtheria fever.
In the year 1752, their third child is named Adam Samuel Smith, Junior, a stillborn birth.
In the year 1753, their fourth child, a daughter named Mary Beth Smith, who dies from measles.
During the Dutch rule with a mixture of Dutch citizens and new immigrants from England, the Dutch built houses, buildings, structures and roads. Some of the ancient Dutch nouns still are used and exist within the 21st Century.
Paerl Straat was the name of a muddy road in the harbor where oysters once thrived within the New Amsterdam settlement, which is now called Pearl Street.

She gasped in shock. “Well, that is some educationally and interesting tidbits. On 85th Board Street, the yellow brick pavement is the original location of Stadt Hoys. Stadt Hoys was the town tavern. There were seventeen drinking establishments on each side of the yellow brick pavement within New Amsterdam Colony.”
Beaver Street once was the place for selling animal pelts to citizens and commercial merchants within New Amsterdam settlement. 
Breukelen is the modern name of Brooklyn. Haarlem is the modern name of Harlem. Waal Straat is the modern name of Wall Street, where a sixteen feet high stone wall was erected keeping out the English citizens and soldiers away from Dutch natives of New Amsterdam.
“Well, it didn’t work, ya’ll!” she laughed.

Present day, Dutch Colonial architecture still exists within a few of the ancient New York City buildings, including a Dutch-style historical farmhouse featuring whitewashed outside walls and shuttered windows below a sloping gambrel rooftop then more shuttered windows below a shallow rooftop and finally more windows below a steeped gambrel rooftop.
The Dutch citizens practiced locking the doors from the inside of the house.
Bouwerij is a bowery, a farm of pasture meadows. Coney Island did not exist in the year 1663 but the land was overrun with conynes or wild rabbits.

She laughed. “O! I get it! A conyne is a rabbit. The island is named Coney, a shorten, misplaced version of the Dutch language. The English setters are so stupid. I’m so glad that I’m French. Wee! Wee.” She laughed with amusement.

The word, dollar, comes from the Dutch word, daalder. The word stoop comes from the Dutch work, stoep. The word Santa Claus comes from the Dutch words, Sinter Klaas. And the word cookie comes from the Dutch word, koekje.
“Well, that’s intriguing to my neurons.” She smiled. “I’ve lost track of time and my mission.” She typed on the keyboard and silently read all the new information from the tiny screen.

Winklehawk is a rip in a man’s trousers.
The Dutch new colonists settle on the southern tip of present day Manhattan, which is known as the Financial District today.
New York City is still the gateway for all immigrants, who seek a better life for themselves and their families. The Netherlands Kingdom is ruled by a true king, but a Dutch peasant could come and make a massive wealthy fortune in lands and monies here within the New World of America.

She giggled with delight, “So, it was the slick and silence Dutch culture that created the American idea of living, like a king in your own palace.”

A Dutch woman experiences more free rights and more income than a European female. The first settlers of the Dutch West India Company established law and order. In the year 1655, the first court system is created consisting of two prosecution lawyers, two co-mayors, and five aldmen members. An aldman member is similar to a modern day United States of American Congressman, who has been elected by the populous of the people representing their value and principles.
Both the England and France social scene, a person is born into a certain class and dies in that same class.

She stated, “That’s so true! That’s how my great-great-great grandmother Pamelia came from the social class of France and then arrived here in the New World with grand opportunities of power, privilege and prestige. And she took advantage of all those opportunities too. However, that same ancient social concept still exists today in both Europe and America. American History books are filled with the acts and actions coming from the Pilgrims, the Puritans, and the English lords and ladies of fair…naw…. unfair plus their English kings and queens of justice…naw… injustice on the commoners and the common working class of workers.”

A standard law within new Amsterdam, a woman retained her name, her wealth and her identity.
She grinned, “Goody for the Dutchy! In England, all the monies and the lands went to her husband. The ancient of New York City is so fascinating. I know all the history of Mobile, where I was born and raised.”

A Dutch woman retained her sur-name. Her children were given the father’s first name as their sur-name for life.

She gasped in shock, “O! That explains the use of Samuel in every single dead and gone ancestor for Ace. That’s why Ace is named after his great-great grandfather, his great grandfather, his grandfather, and his father.” She skips down the screen and reads the next item chuckling with amusement, “Prenuptial agreements! Ha! I know all about a prenuptial agreement before the wedding ceremony, honey child. I possess a great big fat one with millions and millions of US dollars, too boot.” She laughed.
A Dutch woman is not separated from her home or her work. Her personal and private business enterprise is operated in the home environment while taking care of the children.
She smiled, “Well, American mothers had experienced the same ‘worker-babysitter’ concept during the COVID-19 Crisis too.”
A Dutch woman is not chaperoned like an English lady, so the Dutch lady can create and then achieve both independence and wealth in her business venture. Typical Dutch women work in the fields of finance accounting with commerce or practiced medicine as midwives and physicians.
She hummed and then smiled. “The Dutch woman wore the pants in the family. Did a Dutch woman act like a man, talk like a man, walk like a man and wear a pair of pants like a man? Geez, George! Did a man talk like a man, walk like a man and wear a pair of pants like a man in the New World? I don’t know, but it’s time to find out,” she giggled with delight racing through the internet articles, reading each one in silence.
Pants is a loose or tight garment fitting around the waistline traveling down to both the two kneecaps or going below the kneecaps and then covering a pair of ankle bones, depending on the time period of mankind. Historically, from the passages referenced in The Holy Bible, men wore a coat, a pair of pants, and a turban over their dark hair roots.
In 5th Century B.C., the Persian Scythian warriors, whose ancestors resided in the present day country of Iran, had worn a pair of pants.
In 3rd Century B.C., equestrian horse warriors wore a pair of long pants living in Asia Minor.
In the year 770 B.C., Ukraine, Romani, and Bulgaria soldiers wore a pair of long pants tucked down into a pair of boots, which started a fashionable trend among the fighting warriors throughout the lands of East.
The elite class of Ancient Greeks and Romans proclaimed only a band of barbarians wore pants. However, the Roman soldiers created their own fashion style wearing a form of breeches, a shorter garment ending at the kneecaps. 
The Celts, a nomadic people of the seas and the lands dressed in a pair of pants.
Magritte giggled. “O! The Ancient Greeks and Romans were correct. The band of barbarians like the Celts kicked all the Roman citizens and soldiers out from the countries of England, Wales, Scotland, France and Spain as the Celts really are the true barbarians that defeated and deflated the Roman Empire.”

In 4th Century A.D., Denmark soldiers wore a pair of long pants.
During the Medieval Ages, a male wore a snug-fitting pair of pants or a pair of leggings underneath a short tunic or long shirt. A female dressed in a pair of loose pant-o-lettes or a pair of girly panties or drawers fitting and hidden underneath her long dress for both warmth and modesty.
In the 1400’s, for an elite male, the snug-fitting pair of pants morphed into a tighter form of leg coverings, suck…naw…suck like, a hosiery stocking attacked…naw…attached to a foot covering going down into a leather shoe. Side note: a working man wore a pair of ankle-length pants.
In the 1500s, an elite male wore the knee breeches with an attacked…attacked hosiery stocking. The wealthier and bolder males wore a pair of boldly colorful hosiery stockings. The knee breeches became very popular trend with all males. The fashion tailor slashed the sides on the knee breeches sewing a brightly colored fabric for a dramatical flare. Or the tailor stuffed and then filled a kiddie-sized balloon of fabric around the male’s upper thigh leg and hip, which was called, the pantaloon. Side note: a working man wore a pair of ankle-length pants.
In the 1600s, a pair of pantaloon breeches were the rage and were decorated with buttons and ribbons. Before the bloody, dangerous, deadly, and costly French Revolution War, knee breeches represented the rich aristocratic concept and conceit.
A female dressed in a pair of pants called a pantalettes. The hidden undergarment is worn underneath her long skirt and attacked…naw…attached to her tiny waistline by a cloth drawstring. Side note: a working man wore a pair of ankle-length pants.
She stated. “That new historical trip in both time and space doesn’t address my pondering question. The elite ruling class of men, in Europe and even here in the New World, wear a pair of tight-fitting knee breeches with a set of sissy girly leg stockings. Adam wore a pair of dark colored ankle-length pants over his work boots as he was not an elite class citizen, only a working peasant. What did Hottie Lottie Dottie wear? She owned and operated her private business enterprise. She had to dress for success!” She typed on the keyboard and read more information quietly.

The working class clothing for females held two styles: a long skirt or a shortened dress. The shortened dress was called a bedgown. The bedgown was an upper body garment measuring down at thigh-length on her upper hip bones tying in the front of her waistline. The bedgown was cut into a T-shaped general pattern for all females made of cotton or linen or wool fabrics.
The bedgown was worn over a petticoat or long skirt covering her two legs and topped with a shorter apron. A bedgown is similar to a present day female pants suit assemble using a long skirt instead of a pair of pants to the ankle bones. A bedgown featured pretty colors with a soft yellow or vanilla or red or brown background adorned with rows of colorful flower or geometric small patterns.
The second clothing style for a working girl consisted of a solid colored dark or gray colored long wool skirt topped with a long white tinted apron. She dressed in a long, white tinted or checked-patterned cotton skirt or shift. She wore a solid colored red or brown or gray or black tinted waistcoat or a sleeveless vest covering keeping her shift and her upper body both for modesty and warm and then an outer coat for all the cold wintertime days and nights.
A female wore a white tinted coif or a cap-like hat on the back of her bone skull or a longer silk slightly decorated with tiny flower patterns headdress called a neckerchief covering her hair roots down to her neck muscles.
A working man wore a felt hat with a flat brim, not a turned up brim or a French tricorn hat.
Each one wore a pair of leather shoes, in black or brown hue, without a shiny metal shoe buckle as only the elite class could afford the expensive decoration. The female and male shoes held a low heel. A working man wore a pair of knee boots.
Each working class man and woman toted around a gray or black or brown tinted knapsack with working items and personal valuables like coins, the modern day purse or wallet.
Here in the Colonial American, the wild and adventurous frontier pioneers wore or imported a pair moleskin pants used since the Middle Ages in Europe. Moleskin is made from either suede or corduroy, feels both soft and comfortable as well as features water repellent and protects both the naked legs from getting scratched in the woodland settings.
American History moment: The historical world definition of a fly that is located on the front of a pair of trousers refers the folded cloth at the opening of a cloth tent. The fly describes a closing of a garment also featuring a strip of folded cloth covering the front of the trousers.
The wind can cause the folded tent opening to fly open. The English axion goes creating the term, fly.
Second American History moment: In the year 1866, Mary Edwards Walker, a practicing licensed medical physician and a working operating surgeon for the Union army during the American Civil War, cared for both the Yankee and Confederate injured soldiers wearing a pair of pants underneath her long skirt for both health reasons and comfort. Sometimes she donned a business suit with a long jacket and a pair of loose trousers seeing all her sick patients and was arrested by the local Union soldiers in the present day city of New Orleans for breaking her dictated…naw…disturbed southern belle dress code.
Magritte gasped in shock. “There you go! There you hear it! There you see it! There you taste it! Once the Dutch leaders surrendered the lands and the Americans to the English Crown, the causal lifestyle and business opportunities were gone with the wind for all women. So, Hannah Banana Brown did not wear a pair of trousers during her social and business meetings with her business clients. But I can see it and feel it and taste it and smell it now! Hottie Lottie Dottie wears a feminine vanilla-smelled honeysuckle juices, a pair of red tinted lips from crushed cranberries, two cheekbones of pink blush from squashed strawberries, all compliments of Mother Nature coming from their backyard fruit and vegetable garden. Then she presents a feminine, not sexy image in a pale yellow-tinted bedgown with a matching shorter petticoat, and a pair of low-heeled brown tinted shoes with a matching cloth knapsack. She covered her girly innocence but collected her golden coins! Way to go, Hottie Lottie Dottie! Her husband Adam probably didn’t leave their house as he was the gardener, the toilet custodian, the food cook, and the housekeeper for his mother as she worked bringing in the raw cookie dough,” she giggled with silliness and then frowned. “Where was I? I have forgotten my assignment. O yes! I’m researching Ace’s ancient and dead blood relatives looking for anymore warlocks or witches or dangerous witchy spells or maybe a serial killer. I must be very, very careful with Ace in the coming days. Did they have any child? Well, the answer is a strong affirmative. Else, Ace would not be alive and evil,” she laughed and started typing on the tiny keyboard accessing the new internet articles then silently read through the internet materials.

Once the English lords took over New Amsterdam from the Dutch business ladies, the work atmosphere changed. In the years 1665 to 1674, women are involved in 28 criminal cases and 316 civil lawsuits related to their private business ventures. In the years 1653 to 1664, women are involved in 14 criminal cases and 361 civil lawsuits related to their own business ventures. The number of legal law cases decreases for women.
She frowned, “Why is it that away?”

In the years from 1664 to 1700, the steep decline in female business ventures creates only two jobs for a woman, prostitution and thievery, while she tries to feed herself and her children.
She sneered, “Typical ancient and present male super-inflated egos!” 
In the year 1658, Adam Samuel Smith, Junior is birthed. His mother Lottie Dottie Beeks Smith resides and thrives in New Amsterdam with her infant son. He is four year sold, when his father dies.

She moaned with sorrow, “That’s so sad! My parents have passed into heaven also and I am very sad about not socializing with them anymore. I can’t visit heaven to see them until it is my death day,” she continued to read in silence the internet information.



Six feet and three inches tall. Athletic muscular build. Black colored hair. Blue tinted eyes. Peach tinted skin.

Alder Samuel Smyth birthed in The Downs, England, in the year 1626.

Watched in the years 1630, at the age five years old, his brothers and sisters work as a rat catcher.

In the year 1633, at the age of seven years old, he boarded a ship from England to New World and watched his family member die of Influenza virus. Each one was buried at sea as no healthy ship passenger desired to catch the unknown contagious germs. Then his new name became Americanized as Adam Samuel Smith, the original.

In the year 1647, at the age of 21 years old, he served on Triduum for the Hartford Witchcraft Trials and then left after the first legal law case moving to New Amsterdam working a fur trader with the local Indian tribes.

In the year 1648, at the age of 22 years, he met, married and mated with Dutch girl Lottie Dottie Beeks.

In the year 1649, at the age of 23 years, he buried his first child, a son named Adam Samuel Smith, Junior.

In the year 1650, at the age of 25 years old, he buried his second child, a second son named Adam Samuel, Junior.

Magritte frowned. “Geez! Give it up, man!”

In the year 1652, at the age of 27 years old, he buried his fourth child, a son named Adam Samuel Smith, Junior.

Magritte hissed, “But, of course, he doesn’t!” she frowned and continued to read in silence.

In the year 1653, at the age of 28 years old, he buried his third child, a daughter named Dracicilla.

She laughed, “Her name sounds like Dracula,” She continued. “Dracicilla Emoji…naw…Etoliet…naw… Emoette. Her name sounds like a bloody French toilet,” she laughed with amusement.

In the year 1658, at the age of 33 years old, he welcomed his fifth child, a son named Adam Samuel Smith, Junior.

In the year 1663, he died at the age of 37 years old, during an Indian raid from the Native American Esopus Indians at the Dutch trading post named Fort Orange, in the present day city of Kingston, within the present day U.S. State of New York.

In the same year of 1663, his only alive and breathing biological child, a son, assumes at the age five years old, the name of his deceased father, Adam Samuel Smith.

Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1664…”

On September 8th, the English troops take over New Amsterdam from the Governor Peter Stuyvesant and all the Dutch citizens and the Dutch Crown and then rename all the occupied lands in honor of the Duke of York, New York City. Peter surrenders the lands with both the Dutch and English colonists, without bloodshed.

She grinned, “I bet he and his family clan, and all his dead ancestors regret that quick decision, centuries ago. The Dutch monarchy and citizens messed up badly,” she laughed.

The new governor is named Richard Nicolls. However, the English colonies and the Dutch colonies still live and thrive together in both peace and harmony while destroying the rights of women, who did not get the right to vote within the United States of America, until the year 1924.
The year 1668 hosts the first outbreak of a Yellow Fever epidemic within the new British America colonies, in New York City. The Smith family clan survives.
In the year 1671, Adam takes over his mother’s translating business as the Dutch female business owners are coming under both verbal attacks and written laws from the ruling English royal government. He is 13 years old.
On August 8th, in the year 1673, the Dutch battle fleet of 23 warships invade the New York City harbor and then demand the surrender of the American city.
On August 24, 1673, Dutch Captain Anthony Calve seizes back New York City. Bad move!
In the month of January, on the day of 16th, in the year 1674, at the age of 16 years old, Adam Samuel Smith married Hannah Batana Bruna.
Magritte hummed with curiosity “Hmm! He marries a Dutch maiden and his mama is a Dutch woman too. What does a Dutch female look like in the year 1677?” She typed on the tiny keyboard finding the new information. “What are favorable characteristics of a Dutch maiden over an English girl? Adam is English and Welsh, not Dutch.” She typed on the phone reading out loud. “The Dutch enjoy eating Stamppot, a mixture of potatoes, vegetables, and meat stirred together covered in gravy sauce along with dessert and beer, of course. O! The boy was a bachelor and didn’t cook any of his food meals depending on his mama and his new wife, now. That’s so typical of a male! I am rich; I do not cook, only eat,” she reached out and grabbed another sweet cake, consuming the item, wearing a sweet grin. She typed on the phone and continued to research on Ace’s ancient and dead blood relatives.
In November of 1674, English soldiers grab back New York City. Good move!
Magritte whispered, “What are favorable characteristics of a Dutch maiden over an English girl? Adam is English and Welsh, not Dutch.” She typed on the phone reading out loud. 
A Dutch female presents a greater face length, shorter nasal ridge length, never a hooked nose, and a greater nose width. The cheekbones are not protruded. She carries a tall, fit body frame, a pair of blue eyes, a tone of fair skin, and a head of blonde hair. Her skull form is round like an Anglo-Saxon solider. Her smile is big. The Dutch women are the pretty tall and pretty cute,
Adam Samuel Smith stands six feet and three inches in height from both his parents, a head of blonde-tinted hair and a pair of blue eyes coming from his Dutch mother. A tone of ruddy skin from his English father.
Hannah Batana Bruna measures five feet, ten inches in height from her Dutch parents, a head of blonde hair, a pair of blue, and a tone of fair skin.
New bride Hannah and new groom Adam work in his private foreign language translation business company out of their home shared with his mother for economic reasons while raising their three children.
In the year 1683, at the age of first daughter Fenna Maud is born featuring blonde hair and blue eyes and fair skin tone.
In the year 1685, at the age of 27 years old, second child and second daughter named Margarette Winne is born featuring blonde hair and blue eyes and fair skin tone.
In the year 1686, the New York City becomes the first capital of the American colonies, but yet there are still bloody Indian Wars with the settlers occurring from the years 1660 to 1670.
In the year 1696, at the age of 38 years old, a pair of twins is birthed to Adam Samuel Smith and his wife Hannah Banta Bruna.
Magritte frowned. “O lordy! Let me guess here! They all possess a head of whitish blonde colored hair strands, a pair of light blue eyeballs and a tone of fair-tinted skin. The twins, one boy and one girl are born featuring blonde hair and blue eyes and fair skin tone. Well, the good Dutch genes get rid of the ruddy complexion from their father and grandfather.” She laughed.
In the year 1702, they still engage bloody Indian Wars with the hard-working settlers occurring from the years 1660 to 1670.
She frowned, “The Indian Nations need a super Indian brave or a super Indian squad aiding their lost non-noble but American cause.” Magritte laughed.

In the year 1705, in the month of March, Hannah Banana Bruna dies and the next month, Clement Smith, his brothers, and his sisters leave the busy New York City due to the growing battle fights between the Dutch and English soldiers, the reduction of woman’s businesses by the repression English government and the opportunity of new lands and new adventures south from New York City. They shove four wooden wagons of fresh and dry foodstuffs and all their few personal possessions with twelve draft horses shuffling to the next occupied small English settlement. Brothers and sisters, each one is a talented foreign language translator using their talented skills to negotiate a trade deal for both fresh food and warm shelter. Walking…strolling…tromping 379 miles, due south, at an average of walk of five miles-per-day, the Smith clan arrive at the Colony of Virginia, in modern day Williamsburg, in 76 days or two months and 15 days later in the heated summertime weather of June.


Present day, place, space, and time, inside the rear compartment of her limousine. The transport slowly jolted again into slow movement on top of the smooth. She rolled with the motion and then frowned down at the internet article whispering with her annoyance, “Geez, Louie! The Southerns grow rich on rice; the Northerns grow poor on tobacco. Well, that’s any interesting tidbit of American history that is not listed in the American History books!” The southern belle smiled. “Clement and his all family members live and then leave the growing hustling and bustling New York City walking almost 400 miles to the English settlement of Williamsburg becoming a tobacco boy,” she laughed.

In the year 1705, the Smith clan stays one week in the colony of Williamsburg and then leaves the region following a group of religious refugees coming from the Colony of Virginia, traveling an additional 165 miles, due south, to the landscape off the Pamlico River. They arrive in the heated month of July in the year 1705.
Magritte frowned and then exhaled with a series of sour breathes into the air waves, “Where’s the Pamlico River? I do declare. I didn’t realize how dumb I was in American geology. There should be more academic classes in geology for Americans than I wouldn’t feel like a dumb belle.” She typed and then read silently the information.

The Pamlico name comes from the Native American Pamlico Indian tribe. The landscape was the original home lands of the Pamlico Indians, where they had lived and thrived on the muddy banks of the river fishing, crabbing, sailing, windsurfing, kiteboarding, shrimping, and clamming.
She laughed. “Honestly, I didn’t know there were actual verbs called shrimping, clamming, crabbing. But the Indians might have engaged in windsurfing on top of sawn logs made into floating rafts or ancient paddleboards or small sailboats.
From his 1584 American expedition, English exploder Sir Walter Raleigh met and then called the Indian clan, Pamouik.

The Pamlico River flows into the Pamlico Sound. The Pamlico Sound was the original homelands for the Native American Tuscarora Indian tribes, before the European invasion.
The Pamlico Sound is the largest lagoon on the east coast measuring 20 miles wide and 80 feet in length and contains shallow waters of six feet depths, not ideal for boating but swimming or waddling and catching fresh fish and seafood. Today, ninety percent of seafood catches including fish, crab, shrimp, clams, oysters, trout, flounder, bass, bluefish, and kingfish come from the Pamlico Sound totaling $100 million dollars annually to the city leaders and the local merchants and residents.

Magritte whispered. “The American year of 1705…”
The first European settlers call their new settlement Bath.
“That’s a strange name!” She frowned.

Bath is the first port of entry from the Pamlico River inside an inlet named Bath Creek and is located north of Wilmington, North Carolina and south of Norfolk Virginia. The land elevation is 13 feet from the creek waters. The town measures a total of 0.93 square miles; 0.35 in land soil and 0.59 in river water or 61 percent of water.
In the year 1705, the town of Bath is 25 miles southwest from the second settled English town of New Bern.
The settlement of New Bern brought numerous new fleeing immigrants from the countries of Ireland, Scotland, England, Germany and Switzerland to the New World moving into the new territory.
A few years before, English nobleman John Lawson came to the New World in the year 1700 at the age of 26 years old recording all the plant and animal wildlife for five years covering 600 miles with wildness with numerous Indian escorts. In the year 1705, he publishes his new book in city of London and is granted a royal chart from King George developing lands in Bath. On March 7th, he returns to Bath and partitions 71 lots with half-an-acre of land for current residents and future business enterprise on the waterfront facing the Bath creek.
The Bath natives trade in animal furs, tobacco products, and seafood produce consisting of fish, shrimp and crab. The tobacco products come from all the plantation along the river banks using free slaves, receiving high profits.

Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1706…”

Adam Samuel Smith, Junior is born on January 17, 1706 in the non-royal colony of Bath within the Northern Carolina Colony.
She grinned, “So, the parents are back to using the Adam Samuel Smith first, middle and sur-name again. Adam is Ace’s great, great, great, great, great, great grandfather. Hmm! I’m a thorough academic student of American History. Someone else more importantly was birthed in the year 1706.” She typed on the tiny keyboard acceding the information, reading out loud from the tiny screen. “I knew it! I knew it! I’m the smart one here. Benjamin Franklin is birthed in the year 1706, on the same month, of the same day. What! What is this?  How is this possible? Well, it is stated here in black and white. Well, poor Adam doesn’t stand a chance against the great Benjamin Franklin’s accomplishments as a new American citizen. Ben was one of the Founding Fathers of the great United States of America presenting his ugly face on front of a US. twenty dollar bill currency. So, what did Ace’s great, great, great, great, great, great, great grandfather do that was so great here in the same USA?”

More English criminal prisoners and prosecuted souls leave the snobby England shoreline and then land within the New World landscape worshiping Almighty God, not the king, without persecution that literally sucked the life from a Puritan or a Catholic or a Quaker. The Quakers flock to the new colony of northern Carolina. However, the English lords and ladies also brave the Atlantic tip too looking for their wealth and their power while continuing to swear an oath to the Crown. As the northern Carolina settlement grows bigger and wider and better, the Quakers fill all the government roles making the loyal English colonists to the Crown, who are named the Anglicans jealous and mad, to boot.
At the time, the Northern Carolina Colony comprises the landscape of rivers and soil earth starting at the Spanish Florida property line flowing upwards towards the royal Colony of Virginia; but the common surface transportation by a horse or a mule or two booted feet between the Northern Carolina Colonies and the Southern Carolina colony of Charles Town is very harsh, wild, dangerous, and difficult. So, a royal governor is appointed by King George developing a smooth commerce route and offering human and property protection to the Northern Carolina Colonists, within the newer colonial colony of growing Bath also.
In the year 1705, Thomas Cary, an Anglican is appointed as the governor of the North Carolina territory. The Quakers are both mad and upset. So, new Governor Thomas Cary lowers the land tax on each Quaker and then switches to the opposite side kicking out all the Anglican colonists from the established settlement and starts to lick each Quaker’s clothed butthole. Cary’s grandfather was a Quaker too.
The incited and insulted Anglicans get madder than cow disease and called up Queen Anne of England. She sends over on her faster merchant ship carrying a loyal and devoted English noble and Anglican Edward Hyde. Cary does not relent his earned governor’s title, the Quakers do not acknowledge English nobleman Hyde, so the settlers rally against Hyde. Next, Hyde declares a mutiny…naw…rebellion in the colony against the Crown.
She frowned, “Thus, it has been tattled over and over, again, the same old tail...naw…tale. The two hot topics of religion and politics do not mix or match never, ever, and foreverly. It’s a heavenly miracle that the USA was ever born into creation or existence or revolution!” She softly chuckled.

Hyde hires 150 men with guns and travels to the town of Bath trying to arrest current Governor Cary for still assuming the governor’s title. So, Cary flees Bath and dashes to his friend’s rice plantation. Hyde speeds pass Bath and then attacks the rice plantation but he is beaten black and blue retreating back to his own rice planation, but he is not licked. Then Cary violently reacts and attacks using a borrowed boat equipped with active cannons damaging Hyde’s rice plantation.

“Silly boys and their silly toys!” Magritte chuckled.

The single mast on his boat breaks and Cary’s men jump ship swimming to the shore, fleeing towards their own home in Bath. Cary abandons the damaged boat and flees from Hyde regrouping with his men, at Pamlico Sound, on a small island. He sails a new boat to mainland Carolina’s coastland, leaves the ship and battles Hyde and his men on land using guns, fists, and nasty words.
Cary’s tiny militia army consists of local Bath men and non-Quaker males possessing a gun, a blade, a dagger, and a club. Clement Smith, all his older nephews, and all his older brothers-in-law have joined and are among Cary’s militia fighters.
She stated, “So, the older, not wiser biological brother of infant Adam and teenager Clement joins and then fights, within the tiny band of soldiers, for both his fun and some monies. I do declare. Some of Ace’s ancient and dead blood relatives are filled with murder, malice, and mayhem.”

On July 15th, the governor of Virginia sends in the British Royal Marines and scares off Cary’s tiny militia of both men and muskets securing the governorship for Edward Hyde, finally. Cary is captured, arrested, and then sent away to England for a legal trial in a court of law that never comes. He is released after one calendar year later, in 1712, on July 16th returning back Bath after eight weeks of sailing on September 8th, living out his later years there. The personal rebellion become known as the Cary’s Rebellion. However, the personal rebellion encounters within the Northern Carolina settlements make both the hard-working settlers and noble British colonists appear both foolish and weak within the spying eyeballs from the Native American Indian tribes.


Magritte smiled, “The American year of 1708…”
The tiny non-royal colony of Bath records indicate 20 constructed houses with 50 people living within, including the town father John Lawson.
She gasped in shock. “My word! Clement Samuel Smith and his extensive family tree lives in five of the 20 houses and represents over half of the 50 people population in Bath. Well, what do you expect with all the Indian warring parties and the helpless settlers armed with nothing but pens and papers? They are definitely the beginnings of a true governmental bureaucrats…naw…bureau-rats. This is American history in the making, ya’ll.”
All of the Smith family members work for coins as either import or export clerks at the local naval store recoding all exporting and import goods, not services, throughout the massive known Northern Carolina colonies. They do not possess either a shovel or a pitchfork or growing food stuffs in a garden surviving a harsh winter night or a hot summertime drought.

Magritte grinned, “The American year of 1711…”
In the newborn settlement of present day Mobile within the modern day U.S. State of Alabama, the spring and summer months created such massive thunderstorms and great floods that the settlement had to move to higher ground.
The historical American time period from the date of September 22, 1711 to February 11, 1715 is known as the Tuscarora War and is the bloodiest colonial war in history of within the Northern Carolina Colonies or the location of present day U.S. State of North Carolina.
She giggled with a grin, “Well, this should be a good reading as I continue to sit here and wait on an annoying very lengthy funeral procession of a non-royal prince, but a peasant, in the middle of the heated day, with long lines of waiting vehicles. The funeral processional parade is holding up everything, including my scheduled beauty appointment.” She gulped the orange juice and then typed on her keyboard accessing the new information, reading in silence.
Within the town of Bath, in the month of June, a bout of yellow fever runs through the settlements, killing citizens.
The Yellow Fever infection is transmitted by infected mosquitoes through insect bites on all humans regardless of race, color, sex or age. The human experiences a headache, a set of back pains, and a high fever. By the third day of the infection, the color of the skin is yellow hue which gives the name of the disease. A week or seven days later, the human lives from the infected mosquito bit or dies from the high fever.
In the year 1668, the American city of Philadelphia, and in the year 1693, the two American cities of Boston and New York City were hit with a bout of Yellow Fever through imported goods holding infected mosquitoes coming from the foreign country of Barbados, an English colony, also.
In the month of July, a rain drought occurs on the landscape without one single, wet, smoothing raindrop killing most of the domestic livestock, chasing away the wild animals, and murdering the crop fields while playing into the impatiently spying eyeballs and the wiggling hands of the Native American Tuscarora Indians.
On the 11th day, in the month of September, the town father of Bath, English nobleman, son of an English physician, and a new wealthy American landowner, 36 years old, John Lawson is captured, tormented, and murdered by the Native American Tuscarora Indians starting the Tuscarora War within Bertie County, from the Northern Carolina Colony.
She frowned, “Who are the Native American Tuscarora Indians? I have never heard that name.”
The Tuscarora Indians had migrated decades before down from all the freezing cold winters in present day New York City and the Great Lakes region within the U.S. State of Michigan into the warmer climate temperatures of present day U.S. State of North Carolina. In the year 1653, the first English settlers from the Northern Carolina Colony are greeted, friendly and nicely, by the American Native Tuscarora Indians. Then both parties live 50 years in both peace and prosperity. However, the other Native American Indian tribes do not live peacefully but war with all the new British settlers over Native American home fertile farmland, hunting grounds, and thick forestland.
But the Native American Tuscarora Indians are the smarter, the stronger, the wisest, and the most ambitious of the Indian Nations. The Tuscarora Indian leaders create a trading platform consisting of raw deerskin pelts plus captured Native American Indian brothers and sisters in exchange for new, strange, and wonderful English goods, such like, weapons, kettles, pots, and bottles of rum alcohol. The other Native American Indian tribes do not barter or trade with the established colonists and settlements residing within the Southern Carolina Colonies either.
The growing and expanding English New Bern settlement pushes westward from the rivers, swamplands, and the salty shorelines on the Atlantic Oceans creating new rice crops, increasing new free labor from the captured Indians and then establishing new rice plantations.
Note: The Tuscarora Indian braves were a group of vicious hunters of both animals and humans capturing their own fellow Indian braves and squaws for slaves.
Side note: Clement’s biological grandfather Alder Samuel Smyth at the age of seven years old sailed on an English ship with his family members from his home country of England and then became a new American colonist named Adam Samuel Smith and finally was murdered during a warring raid by the Native American Iroquois Indians. The Iroquois Indians are the blood cousins, aunts, uncles, brothers, and sisters of the Native American Tuscarora Indians.
She grinned, “Yeah, Clement knows the truth as he was birthed in New York City and translated for the Native American Iroquois Indian tribe and carries a nasty mental attitude and a wicked motive, here, revenge for the innocent and unjustified death of his middle-aged grandfather at New Amsterdam colony, which became present day New York City. This is getting really, really good!” She laughed with an evil tone.
The Tuscarora Indian tribe is both physically located and divided by geographical land markers. The tribe of Northern Tuscarora Indians are stronger and always raid and then capture their southern brethren giving the hostile or scared Indian captives as a set of free labor slaves to the English plantation owners and colonists.
The weaker and abused tribe from the Southern Tuscarora Indian clan boldly gathered their courage and then bravely fought back against the Northern Tuscarora tribe by attacking the British colonists. They viewed the British colonists as both weak and stupid, so on September 22, in the year 1711, the tribe gathered their warriors and raided both the New Bern and Bath towns. After the Indian attack ceased, individual female bone skulls were decorated and stabbed onto an individual stake. Innocent babies were slaughtered from their mother’s arms, and 130 settlers were murdered. The North Carolina Governor, appointed by the Crown, Edward Hyde sent words of help to the South Carolina’s governor.


Magritte smiled, “The American year of 1712…”
On January 1712, the South Carolina military orders 30 soldiers and 500 friendly Indian warriors to aid the two towns of Bath and New Bern traveling 300 miles from Charles Town. The South Carolina militia defeats the Tuscarora warriors and then captures the survivors, who become prisoners and then labeled as work slaves and shipped throughout the British American Colonies. The New Bern settlers are unhappy. The South Carolina militia soldiers are unhappy and not paid for their fighting services in coins. And the Tuscarora Indian tribe is incensed starting a new wave of killing attacks on the poor colonists amidst an outbreak of another yellow fever epidemic.
She laughed with amusement, “I guess the Indians were immune to the yellow fever disease as they had lived and worked with the mosquitoes there for centuries.” She laughed and then frowned. “Governor Hyde is both a coward and an idiot. I must admit. Hindsight in American history, the group of Quaker religious zealots and the former Governor Cary were right about Englishman Hyde and should have chased him off the New World and then back to England. Hyde can’t run a pig farm, much less a new country.”
Governor Edward Hyde sends words of help for a second time to the South Carolina governor. South Carolina sends 33 professional soldiers;1,000 friendly Indian braves, soldiers from North Carolina militia, all arriving in the month of December. They attack, capture, and then execute all the leaders from the Tuscarora Indians and then killed 950 Indians. Or they captured the surviving Indians sending them to the island country of the Caribbean Islands, thus ending the Tuscarora War.
She exhaled with annoyance. “Ace and his ancient and dead family members are a set of cold-blooded murders of innocent humans trying to feed their families and live in peace and harmony. I’m not surprised that there isn’t a serial killer among his alive or dead kinfolks. I must thoroughly research that aspect, very carefully, within his family DNA trait,” she moaned in worry. “It’s in his human blood! I must be very aware. The list of Indian and English wars and warriors among the Smith Clan goes on and on and on. No wonder, Ace is a vile and vicious man, it’s in his blood, unlike me.” She laughed with an evil tone.


Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1715…”
On the date of April 15th, a planned surprise attack on Charles Town involving the other Indian tribes, such like, Cherokees, Lower Creeks and Yamassee, is implemented killing numerous English settlers. The Indian Nation is outraged about the capture and then enslavement of their own Native American Indian brothers and sisters, the slow-moving encroachment…stealing of their Indian hunting grounds and the miles of fertile farmlands and the destruction of their residential family camps, and finally both perturbing and disturbing the Indian way of life here in North American continent. By attacking and destroying all the English settlements, the Indian Nation will destroy all the profitable rice crops, end all the slave buyers of the Indian peoples, and stop the spread and invasion from the English settlers.
She laughed, “Didn’t work, did it?”
The Tuscarora Indians came back in and fought with their enemies, the English settlers, against the Nations of Cherokee and Creeks, winning back both the respect of the ownership of their American Indian lands and the continued warring parties with all the Spanish conquistadores and other Indian tribes.
She frowned, “Geez, Louie! The fighting never stops. The Tuscarora War ended the peaceful social, economic, spiritual, and civil relationship among all the Indian tribes and created a hostile environment of instability, jealousy, and chaos that ensured for decades within the peaceful Indian Nations.” Magritte laughed, “Awe! That term, murdering savages! Now, I understand the phrase. However, I am sympathetically understanding with the Indians. America is their home and their lands, first and foremost, since the Ice Age, 25,000 year ago. Is that the year 25,000 B.C.? I don’t know. I’m not a student of science, only money. The more the money; the more I study…spend,” she giggled. “But I am also kindly sympathetically pitying the English settlers, who desire freedom from their native home ruled by an evil king and want to live in both peace and harmony, without rules, feeding their families and praying to Almighty God without an English priest spying on their butthole. Back to my historical search of Ace’s blood line, which is taking a very long time. But I have lots of time to waste as I’m richer than the devil…naw…one of his greedy demonettes, a female demon, Thomas!” She giggled and then frowned whispering for her eardrums only, “When are we moving ahead on the roadway to my hair salon shop?”
She frowned with annoyance but dared not vocally ask her driver. Her driver possessed a mind of his own and would not address any of her direct or indirect questions. She looked down with a sour frown and typed on the tiny keyboard find the information, whispering the answers into her eardrums only, “So, Samuel fought in the wars with the Indians and he also fought against the Indians getting both coins or trade items as a mercenary soldier while feeding his family members, and surviving it all. Amen! He resided in the small town of Bath and worked usually as a translator for the settlement. His family members worked as a language translator for Governor Samuel Hyde also. I can’t blame a man or a woman for making some side monies for luxury items, such like, dishes and dinner items.”
All of these minor rebellions and major Indian raids led to the Yamassee War. The Yamassee War was fought between the English settlers and the Native American Indian tribes from the time period of April 14, 1715 to August 17, in the year1717. Within two years, seven percent of the colonies were killed by the numerous Indian warring parties. The raids, attacks, and murder did not stop coming from the numerous Indian braves. However, the colonists did give up the fight, making an executive decision, saving their life form and fled towards Charles Town, where they faced house and food shortages.
“Die here or die there! Die now or die later!” She laughed.

The plight of the flight was worser for the Indian Nations. The Indian tribes faced the depletion of the white-tailed deer species, the continuous creation of new rice plantations, French trading in present day U.S. Louisiana, Spanish devotions of support in the present day U.S. of Florida, internal power struggles among the Indian chiefs, increase enslaving of Native American Indians, and finally, the encroachment onto the original fertile and plowed Indian farmlands.
Each Indian camp was fighting to survive among themselves and against the settlers. So, a new rumor was started by another Indian tribe that there was going to be an uprising of the Yamassee Indian braves against the settlers.
The Yamassee Indian tribe resides in the town of Pocotaligo or the present day city of Yamassee, within the present day U.S. State of South Carolina. A South Carolina town delegation of men visit the tribal camp later in the afternoon wanting to end the bloody fighting, visiting on the date of April 14th. In the early dawn morning hours, on the date of April 15, the Yamassee warring party of bolder Indian braves attack and then kill almost all the South Carolina delegation party leaving a few survivors. Then the Indian braves attack two different rice plantations killing 200 men, women, and children.
A week later, on April 22nd, the Indian braves meet the South Carolina militia men of 240 soldiers. The result, 24 individuals are killed on each side of the fighting. The Indian party retrieves their defeat and dash hiding inside the swamplands.
The Indian tribes continued to fight against each other and against the English settlers, Indian slavers, and traders and then would escape back into their Indian camps. However, as the supplies of food, weapons and ammunitions became exhausted, the smart Native American Creek Indian Nation turned to the existing and plentiful and rich French and Spanish forts for additional support and aid in their fight with the English settlers. As the Creek Indian tribes received new shipment of supplies, the other Indian tribes blamed the Creeks for all the murderous deaths of the fighting settlers.
She buzzed her lips, “What a freaking vicious cycle of deceitful murdering savages on and to and against each other and everyone else’s life force, too boot! The Indians needed a freaking miracle from Brother Jesus or my lawyer here in Mobile,” she chuckled, “I’ll get everything and then I’ll spend everything that I get,” she laughed with an evil tone and then smiled. “These true American history stories are better than any romance novel.” She giggled with a grin of amusement. “Next, the smarter Native American Cherokee Indian Nation tricked the stupid, innocent English settlers into a peace treaty at a specific spot in the woodlands and then surprisingly murdered then all. Vicious bitches and bastards! However, the English settlers continued to believe the false words coming from the Native American Cherokee Indian Nation tribe and provided them with supplies and weapons, so the Indian braves would not attack but protect the crops, cash, and citizens. Cash is king. Greed is prince. Princess is jealous. And I am the Queen of Mobile,” she laughed with an evil tone. “And I have it all, here and now. Take that, Ace!” She laughed again and then hissed out a long evil sound presenting a frown and then a sweet smile. She reached out and consumed more of the cakes, chewing with her good southern belle manners and looked down, typing on the keyboard. She found the new information and started to silently read absorbing into her active brain cells.

However, the American Creek Nation continued to attack and kill both the Cherokee braves and the English settlers until their supply chain depleted from the French and Spanish forts.
The Cherokee Indians were supported and supplied by the English merchants. The Yamassee Indians were still attacking and then killing the settlers in each settlement.
In the month of August, South Carolina governor Samuel Hyde formed a paid and professional army consisting of 600 South Carolina citizens, 400 black slaves, 170 friendly allies from the Cherokee Indian tribes and a combination of 300 soldiers from the North Carolina and Virginia territories. That’s the second state owned military. Note: The rice plantation owners paid Governor Samuel Hyde monies for their freed slaves to participate, fight, and protect their rice plantations and assets.
She laughed out loud with her humorous statement, “Cash is king. Rice is queen.”

However, the slick Indian braves engaged in unpredictable raids and ambushes killing the settlers and then running back into the vast traces of thick forestlands, hiding in the swamps.


Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1717…”
Finally, a peace treaty is drawn and then is signed in the year 1717, on August 17th, between the settlers and the two Native American Indian Nations of Lower Creeks and Cherokees, not the other Indians tribes.
After the war finally ended, the surviving Native American Tuscarora Indian braves, squaws and children left their native Northern Carolina Indian lands and then migrated back to present day New York City living with the rest of the Iroquoian-speaking Indians, who were their fellow blood-related clansmen and women and teens and children.
The South Carolina first professional army disbands in the same year. Clement is paid as a professional soldier while feeding his family members, hanging with the boys, fighting with the Indians, killing anything that moves.
She frowned. “Clement sounds just like future blood-thirsty, vicious, mean, rude, ill-bred, southern rouge, not gentlemanly rebel male relative Ace.”
Without the occupied and thriving Indian camps, the Northern Carolina lands experienced swift growth coming from the surviving settlers forging new pathways, cutting down trees and forestlands into the established Native American Tuscarora Indian lands while creating high tensions and deep conflicts over the hunting grounds with hunting games for food with the other Indian tribes.

Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1718…”
The town of Bath receives a famous celebrity. In the month of June, Edward Teach arrives, purchases house, and marries a local girl settling down, tossing off his nasty reputation as the infamous Pirate Captain Blackbeard but then he starts to cause some serious trouble reverting back to his nasty pirating ways. Once again, Pirate Captain Blackbeard runs his flag ship into Beaufort Inlet, within the English Colony of North Carolina, within Carteret County, in the month of November. Pirate Blackbeard is ambushed by Virginia troops.
She frowned, “I know that Clement and all his blood-thirsty nephews are there with the Virginia soldiers. Now, I know where Ace gets his killing streak! Really, it’s all in the genes, mama!”
Pirate Blackbeard is captured hanging by his naked throat muscles on the tallest tree by the Virginia militia soldiers, on November 22, 1718 and dead at the age of 38 years old. His treasure of gold and silver coins, and fancy jewelry stones are rumored to be hidden around the soil earth of Bath but probably is known to his young wife.
She exhaled with annoyance finding all the ancient bloody and dangerous text about Ace’s relatives and felt a little fearful, frightened and frustrated by marrying into a violent but rich Mobilian family. However, she can also report from a rude and ill-bred Ace the next incident to the Mobile authorities as he has had a terrible run-in with the local law authorities before earlier this year. Magritte is most certain, along with the numerous and secretive other local Blue Blooded Mobilians that Ace had performed a cold-bloody murdering spree on all of his non-blood relatives for killing his biological sister, like his gang of ancient murdering kinfolks enjoyed doing too. But she cannot prove that secret data point. Once Ace is married to that deaf and dumb southern belle, then Magritte will start to lounge more frequently at Attila’s Hut. Once she uncovers all the physically evidence, maybe some matching bullet, she can present to the police and then rid her world of Ace and all his nosy questions and all his rude behavior towards her southern belle person.
She laughed out loud with an evil tone and then looked down searching through the internet information for new data and read out loud. “In the year 1880, the Bath population grows to 90 people.” She frowned. “What! Wow! The year 1880 is 100 years later the year 1790, after the vicious American Revolutionary War. From the year 1790 going backwards to the 1705, the mathematical number is 85 years. From the year 1705 to the year 1880, the town grows by 40 individuals or an average of four-persons per year. Wow! That ancient census statistical number is sad, wild, and crazy. I wish I could tattle that historical fact to someone, but I can’t,” she laughed then continued to read in silence the historical information for several minutes and then frowned with confusion. “I can’t locate any more ancient diaries on Clement. Did he die in one of the numerous Indian battles? Did I miss his death day? I don’t think so.” She continued to type on the tiny keyboard searching for Ace’s blood relatives, finding the new information.

Magritte smiled, “The American year of 1720…”
The Native American Yamacraw Indians consist of a small band of 200 individuals comprised of Lower Creeks and Yamasees Indians, where they have peacefully lived and thrived for centuries in the rich fertile soils and the warmer climate temperatures.
In the year 1728, James Oglethorpe wanders the thickets of thick forestland, not alone, and enjoys the warmer weather patterns finding a lovely cleared spot with numerous Indian camps. He offers to Chief Yamacraw buying all the Native Indian lands with tons of cheap and pretty English goods. The Indian Chief accepts and then moves his tribe further upstream into the modern day Savannah River.

Magritte smiled, “The American year of 1729…”
The South Carolina and North Carolina towns and lands become two separate royal colonies for King George. The Yamassee War leads both the ambitious settlers and the scared and battle-worn Indian tribes towards the Georgia lands.
During the Yamassee War, the tribe loses 25 percent of their natives. Tensions flew and then became split among the native members. Some Indians joined the Creek Indian Nations and continued fighting with the invading settlers. Other Indians moved to the Spanish fort in Saint Augustine and died from new diseases. The other survivors moved away from the English and Spanish settlement, forts, and settlers merging with the Native American Seminole Indian tribes located in southern part of present day U.S. State of Florida. The remaining survivors from the Native American Yamassee Indian tribes left their homeland and fled into the known Georgia lands. Then the Indian tribes worked with a British nobleman and military general named James Oglethorpe claiming all the fertile lands and cleared farmlands, both the occupied and unclaimed sandy beaches for the English Crown.
She snarled, “The English colonists never stop land-grabbing as the payment of sweat and coins work best for all!”
South Carolina territory provided cheap, fertile farmlands with a moderate climate, relative freedom to pursue one’s desirous lifestyle with an abundant of natural resources to become rich and not famous. However, the sea coastal lands could not grow profitable and edible crops near the shoreline with soil and waves from the salty Atlantic Ocean waters, so the settlers moved inland building a colony near the tidal areas along the sounds, the rivers, and the creeks.
The main settlement was named Charles Town, after King Charles of England, comprising the northern, the southern lands up and down the sandy coastline, consisting of rice crops. The miles of rice crops became rice plantations employing enslaved labor including Indians and purchased Negros. The slave labor was both free and low cost as the slave family only required food meals and clothing, so the money profits were sky high for the plantation owners and their families.

Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1730…”
The internet article details a business transaction, where 12,000 acres of crop land is sold by the English owner to another English colonist for 500 English pounds. The value of 500 English pounds are the modern day equivalent of U.S. currency of $10,430.00.
In the American colonies, tens of thousands of deer skins leave the harbor of Charles Town for the overseas English factories creating breeches, book covers, and gloves. The raw materials are gathered and then treaded by the Native American Indian clans in exchange for English wares and goods.
Magritte softly spoke, “The American year of 1732…”

A bout of the clinical Yellow Fever virus hits the seaports of present day U.S. cities of Charleston, New York City, and Philadelphia killing more new settlers.
On June 9th, in the year 1732, in the country of England, a private and secretive English Trust Company or a privately owned charity foundation here in the U.S.A., provides 100,000 English pounds to British nobleman, General James Oglethorpe.
She smiled, “What is the conversion factor for 100,000 English pounds from the year 1732 to present day? The sum of 100 pounds equal the present day US dollars of about 310,000. That’s not enough money for today, but an individual man or woman would be classified as nicely rich dude or dudette in the year 1732.”
Colonial American History moment: The wild lands of unknown U.S. State of South Carolina was established by the country of England and the seat of the British government was the town named Charles Town, after King Charles II. The English natives and Native American Indian Nations as far as the Mississippi River lived in peace and harmony forging a friendship based on a trade goods. The English primary foe was the country of France.
The French colonists built a settlement in the wild and fertile lands of U.S. State of Alabama. The Spanish colonists and Crown constructed forts within the wild and wet lands of U.S. State of Florida.
The King of England and the British parliament decided to create a territory barrier from the forging forces and protect the colonists from the wild and anger non-friendly Native American Creek Indians, so they listened to a new proposal from philanthropist James Oglethorpe. He suggested to plant a colony on the western bank of the Savannah River within the U.S. State of Georgia building forts with soldiers and weapons. And he suggested the colonists be comprised of the unfortunate people from the prisons. The new British colony will cultivate the export trade products of silk, oil olive and wine.
James Oglethorpe came from one of the oldest British families in England. He was birthed in the year 1688, in the month of December, on the 22nd day. After graduating from Oxford University, he was commissioned as an ensign in the British army services.
In the year 1713, he acted as the Aide-de-camp for the Earl of Petersburg, who was the British Ambassador to the country of Italy. After completing his assignment, he became a captain in the guard unit for her majesty Queen Anne. Then he was transferred and became the Aide-de-camp to Prince Eugene and participated in war battled between the Austrians and the Turks on the theater of Hungary. After the English wars, Captain James returned to England. In the year 1722, he was elected to the British Parliament and investigated the prison system in England. His friend has been prosecuted for money debt and then died in an English jail. He found that thousands of descend British natives were imprisoned for money debts for decades. Also, hundreds of German exiles, who were driven from their native lands by religious persecution were starving to death for the lack of work and the lack of food.
James suggested that the new colony in the New World be composed of these distressed British citizens. So, he received 40 family units numbering 114 persons coming from the English prison system.
Magritte frowned with puzzlement down at the tiny screen, “Hmm! The new colony of Australia was established as a prisoner or penal island with prisoners from the British government too. They got a big problem with prison reform, so they dumped their losers onto another world of wild wilderness and wilder hungrier starving animals. That’s one way to rid the world of poor peasants. The French elite should have done that,” she laughed and then started to read in silence, again.

The sea vessel was docked in London. In the month of November 17th, Englishman and General James Oglethorpe sailed down the Thames River entering the cold, rough ocean waves of the Atlantic Ocean, steering for eight weeks and then furled its sails in the Charles Town harbor on January 13th, in the year 1733…
Magritte hissed in worry. “There are too many mathematical number threes in that ancient date. Did they land the ship at 03:33 pm in the afternoon too? Then, that would be six number threes that equals 18. O! That’s so nice. The mathematical single digits 18 represents Almighty God. However, the mathematical sequence of 666 equals the devil man and his evil ways.” She giggled with silliness.

James arrived in the New World wearing an English heart, mind, soul, and mission and then starts building a new colony for British peasants, not the British Crown. His friend had died inside a Debtor’s Prison under horrible living conditions, so James had a passion for lost causes helping the other debtors and the poorer British citizens, who could not provide a decent life or living for their families within the mother country of England.
She growled, “O! So sweet there, King! That’s a lovely way to saying: Get out or you’re dead!” She hissed, “Actually, the English Crown are prosecuting people who do not worship the king but Almighty God. So, the clever English lords come up with the grand idea of sending all the socially-challenged insolvents abroad and onboard a ship while escaping both poverty and prosecution in their evil and vile motherland of England as the prison jail cells are full and the guillotines are busted,” she laughed and then huffed with delight. “I must be part an English lady too.” She smiled, “Well, that’s a noble cause. However, how really noble are you the poorer British colonists, British noble snob James Oglethorpe? The Ancient World History books never lie.”

Once the ship docked, James attended a meeting with the British Governor and the British Council of the South Carolina territory. A sea pilot steered the sea ship into Port Royal harbor. The emigrants were shifted onto a fleet of small sea vessels and then waited on the new instructions from James Oglethorpe.
The next day, on January 14th, James left the new colonists at Beaufort settlement and sailed 80 miles along the thick wild wilderness beside a sandy coastline to the Savannah mouth exploring the new landscape, docking his boat on the northern end of a high bluff, an Indian town resided named Yamacraw. He walked through the Indian town seeing an English outpost meeting Indian Chief Toyohashi.
The English outpost had been granted by the King of England and operated by an Englishman named Musgrove, the son of the British governor of South Carolina.
In the year 1716, ordered by the South Carolina council, Colonel John Musgrove and his son John Musgrove visited the Chattahoochee River to form a peace alliance with the Native American Creek Indians. The South Carolina colony was having problem with numerous warring parties raiding the individual settlements with the Native Americans. He was successful with his task, where the Native American Creek Indians remained free occupants of their own American lands east to the Savannah River waters.
John met and then fall in love with Princess Consaponaheese marrying her and having a baby while residing within the Muscogee tribal lands. Seven years later, the couple moved to Yamacraw Bluff location and built the trading house.
In the year 1732, before leaving England, Englishman James Oglethorpe obtained the foreign language services of Mary Musgrove…

“Mary Muskrat…Musgrove!” Magritte exhaled with annoyance. “Who’s this? Is that really a person with that silly name? Who is she?” She typed on the tiny keyboard finding the electronic information, silently reading the tiny screen.
Mary Musgrove is a mixed Indian squaw and English lady taking her husband’s name, not her Indian name.
Musgrove was an English trader and married to an Indian maiden named Mary. Mary was birthed in the year 1700 A.D., in the town of Coweta on the Chattahoochee River, in the present day U.S. State of Alabama. Her Indian name was Consaponaheese and she was the queen of the American Indian Muscogee Nation. Her title to her people was princess.
At the age of ten years old, her Indian father traveled to the settlement of Pompon within the South Carolina territory. She was baptized, educated and instructed in Christian values. She returned to the Indian village and lived as a happy Muscogee squaw.
John met and then fall in love with Princess Consaponaheese marrying her and having a baby while residing in the Muscogee tribe lands. Seven years later, the couple moved to Yamacraw Bluff location and built the trading house.
Englishman James obtained the foreign language services of Princess Consaponaheese or her English name of Mary Musgrove, in which, she saved the colonists of Georgia from Indian butchery.
Magritte frowned. “So, old and wise Englishman James obtained an American native with actually Native American languages in Mary Musgrove. She is employed to translate the words and actions as an intermediary between the American Indian tribes and the new English colonists, working for James Oglethorpe. Mary resided with her married husband in the country of England and then boarded a sea merchant ship traveling to the Saint Simons Island. Her language translation skills allow James to build numerous homes and a trading post on the island.”
She laughed. “I bet she’s paid in pretty English rose petals…naw…English pounds.” She frowned. “Hmm! Well, in the ancient time period, smart-ass Clement works as a language translator speaking in tongues of Spanish, French, Dutch, Germany and numerous Indian languages there in the colony of Savannah, for James, when he isn’t running out and killing off hundreds of American Indians. Clement sounds like Ace, but he is Ace’s uncle, not daddy. So, Clement is now the backup quarterback or singer or translator behind the star performer, Mary Muskrat. Where’s Ace’s great, great, great, great, great, great, grandfather? I do not know. But this is the point of my in-depth and labor-intensive research task to determine how danger Ace is to my person. His dead ancestors are nothing but vicious savages, not murdering ones. I must keep researching for my final answer. My life might depend upon it as it relates to my completed task. I might need to call the police department and inquire about a personal armed and experienced body guard or two, like a wealth heiress. Back to the history lesson! I bet Clement is paid in peanut shells or English shillings, unlike his counterpart in foreign languages. I’m so smart and clever. I just love myself.” She giggled and then consumed more cakes chewing with her ladylike-southern belle manners while reading all the new information in silence.
She frowned. “That’s intriguing. Clement has also earned numerous foreign languages from his mother Dutch-raised and American-born Hannah Banana Brown, including English, Spanish, French, German and some of the Native American Indians dialects. Well, he was employed and made monies while some of the other settlers worked their fingers down to the bones and then starved to death or were scalped to death by the raiding parties coming from the Native American Indian tribes. This was Indian lands first.”
In the year 1733, in the month of February, on the 9th, Fort Argyle was built at the narrow passage on the Ogeechee River above the mouth of the Camouchee River. The fort was a place of refuge and house of artillery defending the settlers against a land invasion from the Spaniards, who resided the Saint Augustine Fort in the lands of wild and wet Florida.
In the year 1733, in the month of February, on the 12th, James returned to the Beaufort settlement, collected the new colonists, sailed up the Savannah River, and then landed on the top of the same tabletop bluff, where the modern day city of Savannah resides. They disembarked from the English ship and then pitched four large tents spending the first night in the future city of Savannah. The Native American Yamacraw Indians were friendly and offered food stuffs to the new settlers.
Magritte smiled. “On February 12th, James established the new non-royal colony of Savannah.” She looked up and stared at the closed partition panel, so the driver could not see or hear her words, “This expedition is similar to a gigantic international laboratory experiment with a set of very large ugly laboratory rats conducting tests by the elite nobleman in terms of social, economic, civil, and spiritual human conditions. Foo, poo on all the ancient English lords! They all passed with flying colors in red, white and blood…naw…blue as a new species, Americans. The newly funded and established Georgia colony is really a military buffer zone between the expanding English lands and the Spanish Crown, who owns the fort and lands in Saint Augustine, in present day U.S. State of Florida, and are trying to land-grab more territories in the New World. The new Georgia settlers serve in the militia second to their primary job as farmers, builders, merchants, and artisans.”

James first marked out the future city streets in a square formation giving the new colonists instructions to clear the tall trees, pave the dirt roads and slowly create a new settlement. He sent Indian gophers to the other Indian Nations requesting a meeting. Eighteen Indian chiefs and James met at the mouths of the two Savannah and Altamaha Rivers. He established a new trade relation with the Native American Creek Indians. A white tinted wool blanket was exchanged for five buck deer skins; a musket English gun for 10 buck deer skins; a small sharp metal hatchet for three doe deer skins, a hand pocket knife for one doe deer skin and so on. James completed his new mission and then returned to Charles Town, where he was honored by a gala dance and dinner with all the British government officials and their lovely wives.
In the year 1734, James received the company of 40 Jewish families offering freedom of religion at the Savannah colony. He received terrible complaints but ignored them allowing the new settlers to stay and then thrive in wildlands business. Years later, the Jewish businessmen developed wonderful commercial resources using the wild lands.
In the months of September and October, 341 Sulzberger German individuals came and created a settlement above the Savannah River. They formed and lived in the town of Ebenezer.
In the year 1736, in the month of January, James recruited families from the Scottish Highlands. The men and women were brave and bold and hardy creating a settlement named Darien on the banks of the Altamaha River.
The creation includes a land parceled in 50 acres with a center town plot measuring 60 feet by 90 wide and a plot of five acres for freshly planted and then harvested vegetable gardens and then 45 acres for an individual residential farmhouse within the new colony, which is stolen nicely landscaped and fertile lands coming from the Native American Yamasee and Creek Indian tribes. The land plot is named, Savannah.
Rich migrating English lords and ladies can purchase 500 acres of parcel directly related to the relationship of ten indentured servants. An indentured servant will receive a free land grant of one acre plot after completing five years of service.
Magritte laughed, “Yeah, right! I got some wet land in the rural town of the Everglades, within the State of Florida for sale, ya’ll!” She laughed. “So, the terrible concept of slavery started here in the year 1730 in a muddy Georgia woodlands region and has never left.”
Each family unit receives a watch coat; a musket; a baronet; a hatchet; a hammer, a shovel; a board garden hoe; a narrow-sized garden hoe; a drawing knife; a grindstone; an iron pot with four pot hooks, and a frying pan.
The family unit receives 300 pounds of raw beef or pork, 114 pounds of raw rice grains; 114 pounds of flour; a pound of plums, 44 gallon of beer; 64 quarters of molasses; 18 pound of dairy cheese; 9 pounds of butter; 9 pounds of spices; 9 pounds of sugar; 5 gallons of vinegar; 30 pounds of salt; 12 quarts of lamp oil, 12 pounds of soap, and 12 pounds of spun cotton fabrics.
James immediately implements his new two house rules: no slavery and alcohol.
The new Colony of Savannah is a charity settlement dictated by Englishman James and his English Trust Company trustees who are approved by King George. The English Trust Company pays without playing with all the supply items, foodstuffs, weapons, and other necessary resource expenses for the new colonies while removing the set of the improvised, imprisoned, and prosecuted natives from England.
The first task of the new colonists is clearing the thicket of tall trees,  pods of wildflowers, and rows of bushes for all the new residential and business buildings, next build a security wall around the clearing and then construct clap-board huts, where the boards, nails are unloaded from the ship before the ship sails back to England.
The new Colony of Savannah occupations include butchers, bakers, candle stick makers, farmers, planters, blacksmiths, table makers, wine makers, silk makers, wig makers, seamstresses, sawyer, storekeepers, constables basket makers, cider traders, surveyors, boat pilots, apothecary pharmacists, midwives, physicians, surgeons, barbers, ministers, bailiffs, merchants, leather makers, musicians, writers, and preachers.
Plus, the English Trust Company funds and starts to build a chain of forts on the coastal sea islands defending the new settlements against the invading Spanish conquistadores.
In the same Colonial American year of 1733, at the same time, within the growing settlement town of Bath, within the North Carolina territory, coming from his personal’s diary on the internet article.
Present day, space, place, and time, in the parked transport, in the rear bench seat, Magritte drooled her mouth spit reading the new electronic information with intrigue.

Clement Samuel Smith kisses the wet cheekbone on his elderly biological mother and the shakes the wrinkled hand on his elderly biological father departing the tiny growing town of Bath, leading his two older biological sisters plus their surviving husbands and their teenage and young adult offspring, not any babies, toddlers or children, going to find his riches, like a man.
She gasped in shock and softly spoke, “What! Why! What in the fudge brownie diet for? What’s wrong with the town of Bat…naw…Bath? Can you find a nice bath around there?” She typed on the tiny keyboard accessing more of Clementine’s dairy.

The older Smith family members worked in two naval stores recording the imported or exported goods as they could both read and write, translating foreign words from the foreign captains, including a few Russia boat captains for all the local naval workers. The mature Smith family husbands worked in fresh outdoors with town father 36 years old John Lawson surveying the land plots for house plots, supervising the growing number Negro and Indians slaves to clear the out the thick woodlands for new residential houses and new business shops. The younger Smith females cleaned the homes of the wealthy land owners, who were appointed by the King of England. The Smith family were divided and rented living in two separate homes, not five individual homes for a growing family tree of 60 people and could not save and then collect enough monies to pay for a single homestead, due to the constant political verbal fights with the Quaker religious congregation members, the dangerous war battles with the Indian clans; the changing weather patterns of rain droughts and then freezing winter cold temperatures, food shortages, surviving the deadly diseases, and paying high English taxes on food, beverages, and clothes.
“This is not the advertised land of the free and home of the brave, Father and Mother, only the land of the lords and the home of the dirtier lords.” Clement’s smart 13-year-old, first born daughter named Miss Danique Julie Smith frowned. She had keenly observed and then annoyingly quoted, every night, at the shared dinner table with all her family members including her aunts, uncles. and cousins.
Well, her father Clement Samuel Smith had enough of the commoner life and decided with his older sisters and the rest of his adult relatives to leave the town of Bath, crossing by foot, not horse through the dangerous wild woodlands with hiding Indian camps, traveling to the land of plenty. the South Carolina coastline buzzing with new rice plantations and offers of employment.
Present day, space, place, and time, inside the parked limousine, Magritte frowned. “Well, that’s very interesting! This is the second time Clement and his family have uprooted their current lifestyle leaving their fair town. At the age of ten years old, his biological parents and his entire extended family members traveled from New York City to the Williamsburg, Colony of Virginia. Then they traveled from the Williamsburg, Virginia, and moved to the tiny settlement of Bath. Now, Clement is moving for a third time. I wonder if that genetic trait living within Ace’s blood type too. The city of Mobile, the U.S. State of Alabama, the country of United States of America, the continent of North America, the Western Hemisphere, and the entire world of Earth is too small for both Ace and I to share. Maybe, I can get him to leave the planet and move to Mars. There’s a planned outer space starship going to Planet Mars in a couple of years. I bet I can convince his deaf and dumb belle to leave the planet. Then blonde-haired Ace will surely and curly follow her ass anywhere.” She laughed with an evil grin.

The strolling party of dissatisfied and upset Smith family members was led by 36 years old, blonde-haired, blue-eyed, fair-skinned Clement Samuel Smith. His French native wife was 31 years old. She possessed a slender tall body frame, blonde-haired, green-eyed, fair-skinned woman named Marie-Anna Roselia Francoise Bernard. Their three teenagers included first-born daughter, 13 years old, blonde hair, green eyes, and fair skin Marie-Jeanna Emilie Claudine Roselia Smith and her current boyfriend and future husband, who is 14 years old possessing a tall body and a head of black hair, a pair of green eyes, and a tone of pale-skin named Allen Decker Duckett.
Their second middle child is 11 years old daughter, who possessed blonde hair, blue eyes, and fair skin named Marie-Josephine Theresa Roselia Smith.
Their last child, a son is nine years old, blonde-haired, gray-eyed, fair-skinned named Jean-Jacques Clement Luc Samuel Smith.
Magritte smiled. “How intriguing to my neurons! Clement did not marry an English girl, like his great, great, great, great grandfather. What does an English girl look like in the year 1732?”

A France woman possesses a tall, slender body frame, a pair of small breasts, and a lovely ass. Her face features softness with a peachy cream color tone, a hearted-shaped face with a pointy nose. Her eyes are blue or light-colored as her hair strands are fair or light blonde colored.
An English man features a tall, slender built, a tone of pale skin sometimes with a ruddy complexion or a set of freckles. A head of brown or black or reddish red tone. His face possesses a sloping forehead, a very narrow nose that is long and tipped at the end. The cheekbones are not prominent.
The other Smith clan members included…
She sneered and shook her dirty curls, viewing the tiny screen on her personal mobile telephone. “I am not reading about the other Smith clan members. I am only interested in Ace’s directly bloodline relatives, who are his direct line of ancient and dead grandfathers including his Grandmother Samuel Attila Smith. Where’s Ace’s other grandfathers within this electronic article?” She huffed out a string of sour molecules quickly advancing through the useless information and then halted reading silence the new data.

The recent outbreak of deadly and dangerous smallpox disease kills numerous Smith husbands and one wife and all the young infant babies, toddlers, and children of the Smith clan. The total of 60 Smith family members, before the rash of smallpox epidemic kills 50 percent or half of the Smith clan. Then there are currently 31 family members left, including a ten year old Adam Samuel Smith, the third, his father and his mother.
Clement’s parents decide to stay and rent the single house in the town of Bath taking care of their youngest son. Then Adam Samuel Smith, the third is left behind taking care of his elderly parents.
At this time in world history, smallpox is the most feared and deadliest disease, in the world, including the new British American settlements. The symptoms occur after two weeks of exposure to the infection, a fever and a lethargic state. Then two days later, a headache, a sore throat, and vomiting. Three days later, rash on the face and body; sores in the mouth, throat, and nose, and then an array of ugly red-tinted, pus-filled blisters form and then spread all over the entire body, including the face. If you live after the second week of the smallpox infection, then by the third week, each puss-filled blister pops open and then become an individual scab forming, joining together and then separates all over the face and body almost into the forehead hairline, thus creating a speckled monster image. The smallpox disease is nicknamed “The Speckled Monster” by healthy people, because the entire body is covered in pox marks from hairline down to the ten toes and inside the mouth region. Smallpox disease kills 30 percent of its victim in the second week of the nasty infection. The disease spreads by contact with the sores or respiratory drops from the infected nose or tongue on the infected person. Even contaminated sleeping bed blankets carry and then spread the deadly smallpox germs. Historians believe warm cozy wood blankets given by the European settlers to the Native American Indian tribes infected and then killed millions of Native American Indian young, mature, and older men, women, teens, children, and infants wiping out numerous independent clans from the American landscape foreverly.
The new American colonists encountered and recorded a smallpox outbreak in the following years of 1633, 1650, 1661, 1721, 1736, 1752, 1764 and other colonial years. The four year old son of Benjamin Franklin died in the year 1736 in Philadelphia.
Between the years 1701 and 1799, 400,000 individuals died from “The Speckled Monster.”
Between the years 1901 and 1999, 300 million individuals died, mostly in the earlier part of the century.
In the year 300 A.D., Europe documents record the smallpox disease affecting their peoples.
In the year 1145 B.C., Egyptian Pharaoh Ramses V died from the smallpox disease.
In the year 1122 B.C., Chinese documents detail the smallpox disease affecting their citizens.
In the year 1500 B.C., Sanskrit texts list smallpox illness on natives.
The smallpox disease has an unknown origin but has plagued humans throughout history until eradicated in the year 1978 A.D.
Clement believed that an import sea ship or a couple of sea ships with several infected sick sailors coming from one or all of the infected American settlements, including Boston or New York City or Philadelphia, carried the deadly smallpox disease exposing the deadly germs to the working naval store’s staff members, where all of his male teen and young adult grandchildren worked unloading all the heavy crates from the ship’s cargo bays along with the sea ship’s crew members. Then his older male grandchildren went home to help care for their younger Smith family members exposing all the children, toddlers, and infant babies as their older mature parents were busy with translating all the legal paperwork and documents inside a protected room away from the sea captains, the ship’s crew members, and all the other naval store employees.
On a clear sky and the cold morning of January 2nd, Wednesday, without an array of falling snowflakes or long ice sheets on the grounds, Cement Samuel Smith and all his upset, sad, anger, surviving blood-related relatives head out leading 24 beef cows, four dairy cows, 22 horses, 16 dogs, 14 cats, six goats, 14 chickens and chicks, and one rooster crossing the dangerous thicket of woodlands with hidden wild Indians and wilder wildlife mammals traveling towards the land of plenty, without both diseases and demands. During the colonial years, infants, children, and adults suffered through and most of the times into a death day with diphtheria, smallpox, yellow fever, or malaria diseases.
She smiled. “The South Carolina coastline buzzes with ancient tobacco plantations offering fully-paid nice employment opportunity for an old man without a fat chance of plantation ownership of both the lands and the peoples. I recalled all that information from my American History textbook. I was a very good student in history, not really math or science subjects. Let’s calculate out how long before a poor, broken-hearted Clement must get over his terrible losses and get a new job as a tobacco slave for food and shelter,” she laughed and then smiled, “What does one do on a tobacco farm?”

Sir Walter Raleigh brought the tobacco leaf from China to Europe and then to America in the year 1584. Later, the British slaves coming from the British-owned Jamaica islands brought tobacco seeds landing in the lands of present day Virginia.
A Colonial American farmer used slaves and mules to grow the tobacco leaves in the fertile soil of Virginia. A total of 900 man and mule hours are required to harvest one acre of tobacco leaves.
In the month of January, the seed beds are prepared for planting. Burn away the underground of plants, weeds, and roots, tilling the soil, and fertilizing the ground.
In the month of February, seed beds are planted in the soil. A linen cover is placed on top of the seed beds for shelter, so the energy is absorbed into the seed beds. It takes six weeks for each seed beds to mature for the planting stage. In the meantime, a mule pulls a heavy metal plow breaking the soil then disking and fertilizing the ground creating rows of furrows for the seed beds.
One ounce of seeds is planted every 700 square yards for a seed bed.
Each acre requires 100 square yards of seed for the seeds that do not survive into maturity.
In the month of April, all the transplanted seeds from the tobacco seeds are feed onto the ground.
One slave makes a hole in the soil. A second slave places the seed down in the hole. A third slave add water and fertilizer down into the hole and then mixes the elements. Finally, the hole is covered in dirt.
From the months of April to July, as each plant grow, the slave weeds the soil fields between the rows of plants. When a yellow tinted tobacco flower appears on top of each plant, the flower is topped allowing the nutrients to descend down into all the wide leaves causing the plant to grow larger into the summertime months. Hornworms will invade each leaf. The slave children are assigned to remove each worm before the bug destroys the leaf.
In the month of August, the harvesting process begins. First, remove the bottom of the leaves from each stalk which is called lugs.
Second, pick up additional new leaves every two weeks from the same stalk.
A mule hauls the lugs on top of a sled from the tobacco fields to the curing barns. Then the lugs are tied onto sticks. The prepared sticks of lugs are placed into a barn. Then fire furnaces are lit. For 70 days, the heated temperature is raised slowly drying each healthy green leaf into a yellow tinted dried leaf.
Once all the leaves are yellow tinted and completely dried, the barn doors are opened allowing the new leaf to absorb the natural humidity of the air temperatures.
Once the tobacco leaf is pliable again, the slave places each lug down inside a deep dirt pit. The plant absorbs more air molecule moisture and are pulled out from the pit traveling to the Pack House.
At the Pack House, the plant lays out each lug and then grades it and bundling into hands through the month of November. The last step, pressing the hands flat before loading the lug into the truck destined for the tobacco warehouse for sale.
From the months of December to January of the new year, the slaves spend time repairing farm equipment, buys annual supplies and then plans for the planting in the month of January.
The land distance between the small Colonial town of Bath, within present day U.S. State of North Carolina and the present day South Carolina border is 172 miles.
A horse travels 50 miles per daylight hours with a few stops of fresh water and food and then sleeps at night. If Clement and his party travels 50 miles per day, leaving on January 2nd, he arrives at the South Carolina invisible land border on January 6th, Sunday afternoon starting his new destiny as a tobacco man.
A man can cover ten miles per day stopping for short breaks and eating berries from the fruit bushes. If he walks 10 miles-per-day, then Clement and his party arrives at the South Carolina border at the first tobacco plantation, on January 19th.
Magritte giggled with delight. “Hmm! That’s not the correct calendar date. O! He’s leading cows, horses, sheep and mules. But that’s not the right date either. I’m wrong. So, he passed all the tobacco plantations and is heading towards the first rice plantation within the royal Colony of Charles Town within South Carolina. That’s a better job opportunity for his family clan. Clement will become a rice patty…naw…daddy.” She laughed with an evil tone.
Rice is grown both using inland fresh water swamps within the coastal counties and along the principal tidal rivers. An operational and profitable rice plantation resides along the Savannah, the Ogeechee, the Altamaha or the Satilla Rivers.
A wet rice crop is both demanding and dangerous due to the high mortality death rates in the mosquito-infested swamps of the Low County. The swampland has to be drained, cleared, and leveled for an agricultural crop of rice.
For tidal river cultivation of rice, an irrigation system is constructed using levees, ditches, culverts, flood gates, and drains and then it is maintained to control and regulate the flow of water coming on and then off the rice fields.
Next, the production stage beings.
After the rice is sewn, the fields are flooded during the growing season. Once the waters are drawn off the field, hoeing is performed. Once the rice stalks are mature, the crop is harvested, processed, and prepared for commercial market and then transported by wagons and horses to the trade exchange warehouses in the local town and sold and sent throughout the world.
A rice plantation employs planters, stewards, and overseers for the managerial functions handing all the laborers and horses. And a small number of white-colored planters grow rice crops too.
This entire process requires massive amounts of human and horse labor, monies, land resources and human energy for one annual rice crop without a man-made machine.
Magritte exhaled with a string of sour breathes and then whispered, “What’s the land distance between Bath and Charles Town?” She searched the internet information on her phone.

The land distance between the small colonial town of Bath, within present day U.S. State of North Carolina, and the royal Colony of Charles Town, within present day South Carolina, is 258 miles or 5 hours and 28 minutes by modern day automobile. If Clement rides by horse, at 50 miles per day, he arrives on January 8th. If he walks by foot at 10 miles per day, then Adam arrives on January 28th.
She checked the date again and then gasped in shock. “O! That’s not the correct calendar date either. Clement does not ride or walk to royal Colony of Charles Town. He walks or rides further away from the established colony of Charles Town. What ancient town exists and is far away from Charles Town in the year 1732? I don’t know.” She searched the internet articles reading in silence.
The land distance between the colonial town of Bath, within North Carolina to the Colony of Savannah, within the present day U.S. State of Georgia is 341 miles or six hours and four minutes by a modern day automobile. If Clement leaves the town of Bath on January 2nd, then he arrives by a horse on September 24th. If he covers 10 miles per day by foot, then Clement arrives on February 5th.
Magritte glanced at the answer and then gasped in shock. “I’m wrong again. Clement travels with his family members and an entourage of cows, horses, pigs, goats, chickens, not tigers or lions or bears 341 miles. O my! How long does it take for a cow to walk 341 miles? A cow can travel ten miles in a single day. Else the mammal will lose too much weigh and cannot be sold for food or eaten for food by the pioneer family. A cow walks in short distances, requires numerous resting periods, and grazes at midday and throughout the night for food restoring its energy. O! Clement’s a smart guy. He sells all the alive, walking and breathing mammals to the local settlers in exchange for whatever items are needed at the moment including foodstuffs, medicines, clothes, wares, and shelter as he walks 341 miles ahead towards the wild wilderness traveling 92 days at 03.70 miles-per-day arriving on April the third, Wednesday.
She frowned. “O poo! I’m wrong again.” She exhaled with annoyance. “I did all that research for nothing. Clement and his family members, without the cows, horses, chickens and gots, and pigs, literally land on top of the Georgia wet swamps and marshes that hides snakes, spiders, and spies,” she laughed and then frowned. “Wait! He travels 92 days from January 2nd of 1732. He left on a Wednesday. How could he arrive on another Wednesday, on the third of April? That’s 91 days, not 92 days. The internet is wrong. I found a mistake in the internet article.” She smiled and typed on the tiny keyboard accessing the internet information, reading the new information. “O! The year 1732 is a leap year and contains 29 days in the month of February, not 28 days. So, that internet is correct. Clement does arrive 92 days from January 2nd, Wednesday, on another Wednesday of April 3rd during that dead guy’s funeral. I should quit my historical research and go ahead to my hair and nail appointment,” she looked up and stared out the side window seeing the same familiar lovely scenery of pods of planted flowers within numerous manicured yards on the same roadway Springhill Avenue.
She looked down whispering out loud all the new information on her phone. “Clement Samuel Smith arrives both tired and alive along with all his family members to the new colony of Savannah staring his new exciting job as what?” She huffed with frustration. “Hmm! Well, in the ancient time period, smart-ass Clement had worked as both a naval store clerk and a language translator speaking in tongues of Spanish, French, Dutch, Germany and numerous Indian languages. Now, in the new colony of Savannah, working for James too, when Clement ain’t running out and killing off hundreds of American Indians. Clement sounds like Ace, but his Ace’s uncle, not daddy. So, Clement is now the backup quarterback or singer or translator for Mary Muskrat…naw…Musgrove. Where’s Ace’s great, great, great, great, great, great, grandfather? I do not know. But this is the point of my research to determine how danger Ace is to my person. His dead ancestors are nothing but vicious savages, not murdering ones. I must keep researching for my final answer. My life might depend upon it. I might need to call the police department and inquire about a body guard. Back to the history lesson, I bet Clement is paid in peanut shells or English shillings, unlike his counterpart in foreign languages. I’m so smart and clever. I just love myself.” She giggled and then consumed more cakes chewing with her ladylike-southern belle manners and then frowned. “That’s intriguing in other ways. The older relatives from the Smith clan has learned numerous foreign languages from his mother Hannah Banana Brown, including English, Spanish, French, German and some of the Native American Indians dialects. Well, at least, they are all employed and make monies while the other peasants…persons work their fingers down to the bones and then starved to death or were scalped to death by the raiding parties coming from the Native American Indian tribes. This was Indian lands first.” She read all the new information in silence.
English nobleman, General James Oglethorpe spins around from a thriving Savannah seaport town and views all the wild and unknown southern lands starting to invest time, monies, and resources into a long chain of fifteen barrier islands on the 110-miles of Georgia coastline.
6,000 years ago, both the Native American Mocana and Guale Indian tribes occupy and then share the long chain of fifteen sea islands residing on the present day coastlands of U.S. Georgia seashore. The warm climate weather pattern is 80 degrees Fahrenheit in the summertime days and 74 degrees at night. The wintertime air temperature averages 67 degrees during the daylight hours and 48 degrees Fahrenheit during the evening hours. Precipitation rainfall consist of 45 inches of raindrop, each calendar year.
The Atlantic Ocean waters display pods of jumping dolphins, migrating right whales to the warmer shores of the Bahamas Islands, paddling large sea turtles, and other numerous gamefish, such like, tuna and swordfish. Crabs and birds both waddle over the smooth sandy beaches in golden hue. Tall tan-colored sea oats and morning glories in bright purple cover each sand dune.
From the fertile soil, the existing Indian tribes the rich soil growing patches of peas, cantaloupes, squash, and corn stalks. The tidal fresh waters yield jumping mullet fish and natural game, such like, deer, crabs, shrimp, and oysters. No Indian went hungry on Atlantic Ocean shoreline.
A light breeze stirs with thick salty air molecules drifting through the woodlands of tall trees covered in Spanish moss. Spanish moss is not moss or named after the country of Spain. It is a flowering plant in yellow, green, or grey tiny flowers hanging 20 feet below each tree limb. The Indians use the Spanish moss as bedding pads and building materials for an individual or family residential huts. The huts are located inside a protective circular wall structure made of fallen trees and used oyster shells. The used oyster shells are the leftover products from their seafood diets. Each wall structure stands 25 feet high in the air molecules and 300 feet across the sandy soil protecting the Indians, the huts, and their native culture for thousands of centuries.
She frowned and whispered softly for her eardrums only, “No wonder, the Native American Indian clans had lived and then survived through hundreds of centuries of deadly hurricane winds and deep coastal flooding becoming the first Americans for centuries. Geez! The modern day American scientists should try to become so smart. Of course, the warm climate, the fertile soil, the friendly topography, the presence of fresh water, all appear in sufficient quantities for fishing for seafood, raising livestock and growing agricultural products. Thus, the English settlers found paradise and then abused it.”

After 92 days and nights barely over three long months, Clement and his tired but healthy family members arrive without any livestock but a pack of devoted stray dogs to the new Colony of Savannah, wearing a happy smile, and a deep patched cloth pocket of heavy English coins and a full wagon of supplies. They had stopped inside each small settlement bartering their foreign language skills for both fresh food and shelter while picking up a few stray dogs for protection from the wild Indian braves and the wilder animals. Of course, not all the stray dogs completed the trip to Savannah but sacrificed a canine body for the human cause.
She huffed with annoyance, “What! Clement didn’t become a rice planter and own one of the vast rice plantations becoming both rich and non-famous in one calendar year. He’s got both the smart brains and an army of strong adult workers. What a waste of both talents and resources?” She frowned and continued to silently read the new information.
The current population of the new Colony of Savannah lists 34 persons missing from the colony; 63 dead, buried, smelly human rotting bodies from the parked sea ship, and 20 living and breathing colonists working in the heated days, the cool nights, and fertile soils of Mother Earth within the newly named Savanah, when Clement and his family members reach the new settlement. His family members had been very busy, well-fed, and earned pockets of coins without a working boss or an authority figure or a royal governor. The Colony of Savannah is a charity settlement for the poor, imprisoned and prosecuted English natives who desired freedom of thoughts, prayer, and possessions.
The colony grounds are barely cleared of groves of tall shade trees and low-lying plant bushes while holding twenty small, naturally wooden, simple clap-board hut-homes for fifteen households, with a total population of 20 persons. James started out on the sea ship named Anna sailing from the country of England, in the month of November of the year 1732, and then arrived in the thicket wilderness for the future site of Savannah, on the month of February of the year 1733, with 114 colonists. Within three months, 63 colonists died during the sea voyage or on the land while constructing the city. 
Modern day historians and scientists have found of an Influenza epidemic occurred onboard the sailing vessel named Anna during the eight-week sea voyage, where the persons were in tight compartments spreading the flu germs to other healthy individuals. When the ship finally landed in the New World, 60 percent of the colonists were dead or dying from the terrible and contagious influenza string. Within three months, a total of 34 individuals were reported as missing or sent back to England for nasty behavior or runaway to the established Colony of Charles Town, not wanting the pioneer life style.
On the date of April 3rd, at 10:06 am, on top of the smooth yellow tinted sandy soil, a funeral procession leads the walking humans towards the inland portion of the wooded settlement. Clement removes his hat and bows his chin joining the end of the funeral march to the forestland. The rest of his family members copy his movements following last in the funeral procession. The current residents and the Smith family members gather around a white tinted cloth that holds the dead body beside a deep, dark, dirt hole.
The local minister mumbles on about the deceased. “William Cox, who was a righteous, good, and loving husband, father, friend and neighbor. Now, he is dead and will lie here for eternity until the coming of the Brother Christ Jesus. Amen!”
The rest of the residents mumble back, “Amen!” Then each one slowly spins around and marches back to the new colony.
Clement and his family members trail behind and then grab the last five clap-board hut-homes unloading the wagon, filling their new home, and then start working on new vegetable garden for fresh food. Some of the stronger men start clearing wooden trees for more houses. The Smith family makes a new home and a new life in the new non-royal Colony of Savannah.

One hour and two minutes later, at 10:12 a.m., the limousine shuffled down the busy roadway flowing with traffic, breaking free from the traffic jam. 
Magritte gulped down the last liquid ounces from the glass tumbler of cold sweet tea liquid and then smiled at the closed black tinted partition. She enjoyed consuming sweet tea with tons of sugar cane then turned viewing the glass window, seeing the clear bright blue sky and the crowd of citizens in the street, on the sidewalk, and hanging out the office windows. 
Then the transport halted with a heavy jolt slamming the brakes. Magritte slid off the leather seat dropping the glass tumbler of ice cubes down on the dirty floor mats as she did not wear the safety belt in the rear compartment for any reason. Her queen-sized body slammed into the front seat panel and then hit the floor mats. She sneered with anger lifting her body, sitting on the edge of the leather bench seat and slapped the intercom button. “What’s going on up there? I fell on the floor. Why did you stop the limo, driver?”
The driver did not answer her distress either.
She reached over and pressed the electric button. The glass slowly descended in the slot. She listened to the loud and obnoxious words.
Some of the standing individuals were rude pointing at the event and loudly yelling out information to the other parties. “In that parked automobile, on the city street, in front of the traffic jam, a woman was birthing a baby inside her car.”
Magritte growled at the crowd of people while hearing the terrible news. “Geez, Louie! Couldn’t you have waited until you were reached the hospital? It’s less than one mile from here.” She shook her dirty curls and formed a sour frown rolling up the glass, exhaling with more annoyance, reaching out and pressed the intercom button. The static echoed in the rear compartment.
“Naw,” the rude chauffeur driver quickly stated with a long southern draw and then swiftly cut the communication link to Magritte. He smiled and continued to read the new internet article waiting on the traffic jam to clear. He knew about the baby emergency too and also prayed both the mother and the baby would be already. They were very close to the hospital emergency department as the rental limousine had only moved four miles away from the entrance point of the hospital grounds.
In the rear compartment, she viewed the closed partition and gasped in shock. Her driver, somehow, knew that she was going to ask for a transportation shortcut through the terrible traffic jam to the hotel lobby. She exhaled with more annoyance and shuffled around the soft leather fabric and then looked down typing on her tiny keyboard. “Well, I’m still here in the same place and I’m bored to death. But I’m still curious about Adam Samuel Smith after wasting three hours on his older brother.” She looked down and started silently reading the new information.


****

At 10:15 a.m., back inside the home of Samuel Attila Smith, Junior, the kitchen and breakfast room had been added after the defeat of the South from the First American Civil War and the introduction of lighted electricity replacing one of the sitting rooms. The sitting room had been useless in the modern century but occupied room within the Old South.
Currently, the kitchen space is a square-shaped design with dull-looking yellow tinted paint on each exposed upper wall. The ancient kitchen had been covered in yellow paint also and Attila decided not to perturb the kitchen design. The entrance wall displays a square-shaped archway and a row of gigantic yellow-tinted built-in cabinets that are taller than Ace, who stands six feet and three inches in height. Each gigantic ugly closed cabinet holds an assortment of kitchen stuff, such like, food items, dishes, pots, pans, silverware, napkins, and other items. On each side wall features a line of yellow tinted upper and lower wooden cabinets with a purple and green tinted granite countertop that expresses Attila's dry humor as he does not cook, only eats, like his grandson Ace. Each wall houses the usual kitchen appliances, not in a certain order, in solid white hue. The forward wall exhibits a row of doors that leads onto a pink tinted terrace surface with mint green tinted patio furniture enjoying the yard, the flowers, the trees, the sun, the moon, the stars, the wilderness, and all of the wild birds and animals.
In the center of the room, a wooden island in yellow tinted paint with the matching ugly granite countertop stood alone, housing six high stools in ugly mint green colored metal.
Ace laughed then stated. “Granddaddy has a nasty sense of humor making his cooking staff work inside his ugly kitchen setting.”
A few feet before the forward wall, an empty space holds a long wooden table in solid black hue that seats ten individuals. The floor cover is alternating black and white checkers.
Ace slowly and methodically invaded the kitchen space and then carefully opened each cabinet, drawer, and door, searching for a roller machine that would create a gelatin shell.
The top and bottom kitchen cabinets were ginormous in design. Half of his tall body was swallowed inside the cabinet while seeking the item. He didn’t find any spider webs or any tiny holes from a hidden rabbit or mouse nest.
After searching for one hour, without perturbing but preserving the original site, he failed in his mission and stood in front of the modern day white-tinted stove oven scanning the room, He whispered for his eardrums only without perturbing the dead bones inside the hidden graveyard somewhere on the estate, “The thing’s not in here. However, it’s in here. I know it. I can feel it. So, I keep looking, but where, where, where,” he reached down and gently pulled out the object, a soft, cylinder-shaped, clear-colored gelatin capsule that glittered with white liquid with slightly blue tinted specks. He was careful not to break the capsule but confidence that his powerful manly man finger pads could not either. He desperately wanted to contact Kam and inquire about the statue of his sick grandfather, but she was great physician while treating both Attila and Ace, since she had graduated from Mobile School of Medical.
As a matter of fact, his Grandfather Attila Smith believed in helping and giving back to his community and discovered the newly graduated medical physician while providing his monies for her private practice as a medical doctor and becoming her first patient. So, Kamius knew her medical doctor stuff and would contact Ace, if something medically terrible was affecting his grandfather’s health.
Ace didn't squeeze the gelatin capsule in his open palm but studied the design, gasping in shock, looking up and smiled at the stove top. "I know. I know where the roller equipment is located." He was fighting against clock time and personal fury, before Magritte completed her hair salon visitation. He spun around with a sneer and moved ahead towards the side wall, opening the second pocket door that led into the large laundry room.
The laundry room had been added a few years after the completion of the kitchen setting. The room is a narrow but wide rectangular-shaped design housing two individual pairs, a washer and dryer machine couple on the longer side wall, which enjoys the pretty view of the manicured side lawn and lovely grove of lush wilderness. Beside each dryer machine, a long work station stands ready for newly cleaned clothes to fold and stack for the owner.
The opposite side wall displays a row of low-lying glass windows for beauty and functionality. Some of the thicker wet clothes are dried on a long upper pole that runs in the middle of the room above the naked black and white checkered floor inside the laundry room by air molecules coming from Mother Nature, when all of the glass windows are opened upright allowing a light breeze inside the oddly shaped setting. Each side wall contains various white tinted upper and lower wooden cabinets that store all of the usual laundry supply items.
Ace turned the wall corner and stopped in front of the work station, studying the huddle of clothes washing products, placing the gelatin capsule on the edge of the countertop. He didn't really need to save the gelatin capsule. the police officers and the medical physician would not believe Ace, if he had presented the usual gelatin capsule yelling that his grandfather had consume one or more similar capsule. Ace had to find the roller machine that made the gelatin capsule and the ingredients inside the capsule, in order to accuse Magritte of cold-blood attempted murder on Attila. he reached out and slid over the detergent tub, popping off the lid, reaching down inside the container and jerked out one of the detergent pods. “Hmm! This is a true detergent pod, which is similar in shape to the gelatin capsule, but a much smaller size. Yes, this is the place. It made good sense to hide the roller and presser machine that created the deadly weapons, which has harmed my grandfather, inside this place here. He dropped the true laundry detergent pod back down into the true laundry detergent tub sealing the lid tight, returning back to the same spot and then started carefully searching each cabinet, drawer, and door for the weapon while softy cussing at Magritte.
****
At 10:18 a.m., Magritte continued to shuffle through the electronic articles frowning with annoyance. “Ugh! I lost my place on the phone’s screen.” She typed on the tiny keyboard, “Where was I at? I can’t remember. You know what they say. When you can’t remember that Hollywood movie film or that event, then you didn’t have a good time. Found it! I was reading about the Colonial American year of 1733.”
In the year 1833, within the United States of America, 566 acres of cotton fields with 185 slaves is sold by the land owner for 703 pounds or the U.S. currency of 4,200.00 dollars.
A Yellow Fever epidemic strikes and then kills numerous infant and adult British colonists in Savannah, but they wear an upper lip and carry on, as the English famously say.
Clement and his clan of brave and bold Dutch-American female relatives want to leave the Colony of Savannah. The men find work beyond digging ditches and planting gardens. All the men view the lack of free speech for their family women and all the woman settlers and the lack of inheritance rules for their wives, daughters and granddaughters, like the other wives, daughters, and granddaughters.
“What’s the point of working hard, if my daughter can’t inherit my plot of land?” Clement Samuel Smith sneers, sees, feels, tastes, and talks about the delicate personal family matter all the time with his family relatives while working and living within the new Colony of Savannah, so he goes and pays a social visit to the Founder Father of the Savannah Colony, Englishman James Oglethorpe.
Sea Island land property, on the Georgia coastland, is freely granted, without the payment of English pounds to Clement Samuel Smith from the land owner General James Oglethorpe for Clement’s talented translating foreign language skills with the numerous Indian tribes.
She gasped in shock, “What! What’s this? Clement becomes a new cotton planter and owns a new cotton plantation raking in the big bucks. That’s it! That’s the clue! I found the answer. I’ve always wondered where Ace’s billions of dollars came from. Now, I have found it. Old family monies!”
Clement and his family members consisting of 68 people leave the Colony of Savannah and venture to his new property island.
Sea Island is sandwiched between the northern tip of Little Saints Simon Island and on the southern tip of Jekyll Island. Sea Island landscape is located 60 miles north of present day Jacksonville, within the U.S. State of Florida and is 60 miles south of the present day city of Savannah, within the U.S. State of Georgia.
Sea Island formed from the last Ice Age about 5,000 years ago.
The island is part of the chain of fifteen barrier islands along the warm and sunny Georgia coastline. The chain of islands is called, “the sea islands” by the new colonists.
The sea island measures five miles in length by one mile in width. One mile consists of 5,280 feet. The island provides miles of fertile land, where Clement plants numerous gardens for fresh and healthy foodstuff. Ironically, the island holds both beef and dairy cows.
She gasped in shock, “What! What’s this? How in the universe is that even possible?” She typed on the tiny keyboard and found the new information. “O yeah! I recall my early American history.”

The Spanish conquistador, who is a cold-blooded murderer, and a new disease-carrier Hernando de Soto brings a herd of Spanish cows on his Spanish sea ships, from the homeland of Spain, during his Tour of Death, in the years 1540 to 1542, at the age of 42 years old. The Native American Indian clans keep the cows, after dying from, such like, childhood diseases, including smallpox, mumps, and measles reducing their massive Indian population from millions to thousands.
Back on the sea island lands, after the first settlers lands in the Darien colony, the established colonists from present day South Carolina provides both beef and dairy cows as a welcoming gift. However, the indentured servants do not live on the cow farm in England, only inside an English lord’s manor in the city, so the new settlers do not own how to manger the herds of cows. Thus, the cows slowly wander off the grassy meadows or trot off due to the new wilderness environment. When the weather is either hot or cold temperatures, the lost cattle stroll into the swamps occupying the chain of sea islands and then thrive alone and happy there, until Clement comes along.
She smiled and sung off-key of the musical song. “Along came Cle-ment! Uoo! Uoo! Uoo! Boo-boo! Slow taking Cle-ment! Slow walking Cle-ment. Along came Cle-some same old Sam, like dad-die!” She laughed at her silly off-key musical tune, “So, where’s his elderly father, and his youngest brother? I don’t know. But wait! Does Ace’s line end here? That’s doesn’t make any sense. I shall tread onwards in the years of the Colonial American history books.
“Clement and all his family members capture and corral the free living cows.” She laughed and gaged on her mouth spit. “He…he becomes a beef man, not a cotton prince. What does a cow look like back in the colonial colony?” She typed on the keyboard and found the information, reading in out loud. “A colonial cow is colored in brown or red or black or brindled or red with a white face or white with a black head. Awe! I bet a white cow with a black head is really cute as a calf. Who could get kill that little thing? I can’t. A colonial cattle farmer typically owned six milk cows, six working cows. O! I guess that means a cow and a bull work together producing a calf,” she laughed. “A colonial cow farmer usual owns 60 beef cows in his pasture lands. The cow serves a tri-purpose function as animal meat, draft animal, and dairy products of both milk and cheese.
“Clement is both a talented human and cow whisperer. That’s a mighty talent or trick or treat without the hard candies,” she laughed. “He employs the open range concept corralling the cows like the American Indians. However, Sea Island land property is covered on all sides by long, lazy fresh water river or the massive salt water ocean, like an island,” she laughed. When either an escaping dairy and beef cow drowns in the intercoastal waterway or swims safely across to another part of the marshlands and away from Sea Island, Clement starts to brand each cow with a tip from a heated sword using his personal initials…naw…arrogance with the three capital letter: ASS.” She laughed and gaged out her mouth spit in an unladylike fashion again.
Clement creates a new family enterprise business producing types of natural products, such, like beef steaks and milk products feeding the group of hired Scottish Highlanders settlers-soldiers that live and work while constructing the new Fort Frederica outpost on St. Simons Island.
A beef steer weighs 1,200 pounds while standing alive and grazing in a grassy meadow. The raw edible parts of the dead cow weighs 490 pounds. The current beef price is 12 shillings.
One shilling equals 12 U.S. pennies. So, 12 shillings is 144 U.S. pennies. Hundred pennies equal $1.00.
The formula of 490 times 1.44 equals $706 off one dead cow. If, one year, he owned and fed 60 cows, Clement made $42,360, the present value of US currency. A family of four individual living in New York City in the year 1730 needed modern day equivalent of $600 American dollars to live. Thus, salted beef product became a dietary staple in the colony along with timber logs becoming firewood for heat and building materials for shelter from the heated sunlight and cold winter nights.
Clement understands both humans and cows possessing the skills to corral them, the resources of his family members to feed them, and the brains to sell them back as beef, calves, cows, and milk merchandise. Over a short period of time, Clement quickly become a very rich man living with his cows and his family members on his private sea island paradise within the blooming Georgia colony. Then his family starts brewing their own beer products selling to all the Indian camps and at the Indian trading posts in exchange for English wares, such like, eating dishes, utensils, cups, tumblers, kettles, pots, pans, bed and bath linens, clothing, hats, shoes, and coats. He is one smart man among the Smith clan.
Magritte smiled, “I’m excited to learn about his fate. I do not recall a senator or congressman named Clement Smith. Maybe, the person is one of his sons or daughters. Yeah, one of his smarter daughters must be a famous, rich American southern belle. I can’t wait to find and read her story in the British American colonies.” She giggled with silliness. “So, Clement starts out a talented language translator, then an aggressive cow herder, a gardening farmer, a home builder for his twenty family members, and finally an illegal bootlegger. That’s the true American way!” She laughed with amusement. “Ace’s relatives are both resourceful and smart. I am learning too much about Ace and I am feeling very frightened from the new information that I am slowly collecting. I must continue onward too.” She typed on the keyboard and found the new data quietly reading into her neurons.


Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1735…” 

Another year and another outbreak of Yellow Fever disease among the English colonists.

She laughed out loud, “The mosquitoes like the Indians.”

In the American year of 1736, within the non-royal charity Colony of Savannah, the 500-acre limit ruled each individual land-holdings plus banned the concept of non-freed slaves, and the prohibition of alcohol. Thus, it didn’t take long for the hidden but vocal Malcontents to start their whines, their groans and their sounds. The settlers grumbled about the restriction regulations on their assigned land plot. No selling the land. No slaves to work the land. No purchase of new land plots.
At the same time, within the royal colony of Charles Town, a planter could buy as much land as needed, if he uses the correct English pounds. Thus, the colony is filled with large rice and cotton plantations, hundreds of work slaves, and an extreme monetary gap between the rich and the poor peoples.
The Scottish Highlanders group left the ancient villages within the modern day town of Inverness, within the country of Scotland, wanting to establish the colony of New Inverness in the wilderness of the new colony Darien. The English Trust Company provided 50 acres of land per family unit for vegetable and crop farming and raising cattle, given farm tools for farmland and cattle to graze, and weapons to defend themselves and the new English assets while economically benefiting the English Crown. They built a battery fort, a guardhouse and individual huts replacing the depleted Fort King George building.
Fort Frederica resided on Saint Simons Island and housed 200 soldiers-settlers. A non-warring party from the Native American Creek Indian tribe greeted a party of English and Spanish leaders on English territory Jekyll Island, where Clement and his sister Clementine Smith were also employed to translate the foreign Native American Indians words while trying to settle the anger tensions and numerous disputes of foodstuffs, land properties, and trading items.

In the year 1738, a new yellow fever epidemic hit Savannah and Charles Town, not the sea island, excluding the Clement Smith clan members.
She frowned, “Hmm! Based on the history books, Clement Samuel and his sister Clementine missed that bout of yellow fever in Savannah swamps. Ya’ll are two lucky ducks! Quack! Quack! Quack!” she laughed. “Wait! Wait! Where’s Ace’s ancient and dead grandfather? Clement Samuel Smith is not Ace’s great grandfather. Adam Samuel Smith, Junior is Ace’s great, great, great, great, great, great, great grandfather. Where is Adam Samuel Smith, Junior, I this plot?
From Fort Mose to Fort Frederica, including the colonial years 1739 to 1742, the Scottish Highlanders soldiers and the Spanish conquistadores engaged in numerous land border disputes between the lands in Florida ruled by the Spanish Crown and the lands in Georgia ruled by the English Crown resulting in bullying, name-calling, more dead bodies, without really acquiring any additional territories for neither king.
Magritte softly giggled, “What does a Scottish Highlander look like in the year 1736?” She inquired on the phone devise accessing the internet information, quietly reading all the new data.
A Scottish male is tall, slender body frame wearing a long, tall bone skull, a long facial bone structure on an oval-shaped face. He possesses a flaming red tinted beard, a mouth of crowded teeth, a pair of high cheekbones, an aquiline or hooked nose bridge, a pair of light blue or green tinted irises, a head of light brown or red tinted hair. He features a set of odd feet from walking on both naked legs and a pair of bare foot in the Highlander mountains for centuries like a cow.
She gasped in surprise, “No wonder, all the past, presence, and future Scottish lads are a strong and tough race of humans! My word! They did not every wear a pair long trousers, a set of warm socks, or a pair of leather boots in the homeland country with cold, snow blizzards and freezing air molecules.” She smiled, “What does a Scottish lassie look like?” She read quietly on the phone.

A Scottish lassie displays a slim and slender tall figure, a tone of light skin with freckles, a head of red or light brown hair, and a pair of green or blue eyes.
Within the colonies of Savannah and Darien, the charter from the Trust Company ensures religious thoughts and freedoms for all the settlers coming from the Jewish religion and the foreign countries of Switzerland, Scotland, and Germany living and thriving in the New World. The same charter bans the drinking of spirits as Clement Samuel Smith does care continuing to bootleg his homemade beer products to the new and old settlers.
Meanwhile, the sea cotton crops growing within the fertile soils, in the coastline Georgia islands and the Low Country of South Carolina, produce the most expensive product making all the plantation owners the wealthiest and the most cultured tiny communities within the United States of America. However, the group of planters both treasures and guards their secret formula for growing sea cotton seeds and then whispers the information to their family members through generations, keeping the lands, the monies, and the secrets within the family tree.
In the year 1793, the invention of the cotton gin machine makes gathering cotton fibers faster creating faster wealth for the plantation owners.
In the year 1740, in the present day city of Mobile, within the modern day U.S. State of Alabama, during the spring and summer months, the residents encountered damaging thunderstorms and great floods destroying all the rice crops.


Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1742…”

Before the creation of the Georgia settlements, the Spanish conquistadores had fought, won, and then occupied the rich sandy beach front property within the present day U.S. State of Florida and called their place, Saint Augustine. After that victorious bout, the Spanish forces gather an ego of confidence and 5,000 conquistadores eyeing to invade the new chain of barrier islands, where English noble James Oglethorpe has been building a new English colony.
The Battle of Bloody Marsh begins on July 5th and ends on July 13th.
Oglethorpe had already built a fort on the Saint Simons Island on top of a high bluff overlooking the Frederica River protecting both English settlements of Darien and Savannah from a Spanish invasion. The English military compliment includes a mixture of British Rangers, British regular soldiers, friendly Indian tribe allies, and local British colonists totaling 1,000 men.
On July 5th, the Spanish conquistadores land, attack and then retreat from Jekyll Island destroying homes, crop fields, livestock without engaging the English soldiers. On July 7th, at 09:00 am, the Spanish scouts encounter the English Rangers at the shoreline of Saint Simons Island exchanging loud bouts of exploding gunpower. Oglethorpe sees the battle and mounts a horse galloping from Fort Frederica to the hot action while trailing reinforcements. He scatters the Spanish conquistadores and leaves the English soldiers to their new battle fight racing back to Fort Frederica.
At 12:01 pm, the Spanish leaders send for more conquistadores and engage the English soldiers, who are hidden behind marsh scrub bushes and then defeat the Spanish army ending the battle war. Fifty Spanish conquistadores are killed and then the defeated Spanish army leaves Saint Simons Island on July 13th.
The last battle fight called, the War of Jenkin’s Ear, where an English captain is captured by a sea private and then his ear is cut off sending to King George. The British are not amused. The king sends in numerous military soldiers guarding and protecting the English assets within the British American Colonies.
She grinned, “Ah! Four nephews from the Clement Smith clan participate in the battle fight with the Spanish conquistadores. That’s a funny word that slips off the American tongue with ease. Clement brings the dirty bottles of cold beer.” She laughed. “It tattles that sentence structure right here on the screen of my mobile telephone. I wonder, if he made a money profit that from the dirty, cold bottles of beer. James probably paid in English pounds. So, a smart-ass Clement is brewing his homemade brew selling to the thirsty settlers and soldiers, both a smart venture and a wide money investment. What’s the current American dollar equivalent in British pounds from the year 1742? The internet’s mathematical conversation calculator can tell me the truth, unlike a man.” She laughed.
In the American colonial year of 1730, one English pound is about the modern day equivalent of U.S. currency of $20.00.
Five English pounds equal about the modern day U.S. currency of $100.00.
50 English pounds are the modern day equivalent of U.S. currency of $1,000.00.
100 English pounds equal about the U.S. currency of $2,000.00
1,000 English pounds is about the equivalent U.S. currency of $20,000.00
10,000 English pounds equal the U.S. currency of $200,000.00
50,000 English pounds is about the equivalent U.S. currency of $1,000,000.00
100,000 English pounds equal about the U.S. currency of $2,000,000.00
500,000 English pounds is about the equivalent U.S. currency of $10,000,000.00
1,000,000 English pounds equal about the modern day U.S. currency of $20,000,000.00
Finally, after the siege on all the Spanish fortresses, the clans of Scottish Highlanders fearing a kidnapping, imprisonment, enslavement events or death events flees the forest scene of Darien towards the civilized life of South Carolina Colony of Charles Town.
Clement’s biological father, Adam Samuel Smith passes away at the age of 84 years old, in the English town of Bath and far away from other children.



Six feet, three inches tall. Athletic body frame. Blonde-haired. Blue-eyed. Fair-skinned.

Adam Samuel Smith, the original.

Born in New Amsterdam Colony, in the year 1658, in the month of October, on the second day.

Worked in the year 1670, at the age of 12 years old, at his mother’s foreign translator language business as a foreign language translator.

Married in the year 1675, at the age of 17 years old to 16 years old, Dutch maiden Hannah Batana Bruna.

Moved in the year 1680, at the age of 22 years to the English Esopus village, within New Netherlands Colony.

Produced in the year 1683, at the age of 25 years old, his first child, a daughter named Fenna Jannetie.

Produced in the year 1685, at the age of 27 years old, his second child, a second daughter named Winne Margarette.

Produced in the year 1687, at the age of 29 years old, his third child, a son named Carel Nicholaas.

In the year 1688, New Amsterdam Colony changed name to New York City.

Produced in the year 1689, at the age of 30 years old, his fourth child, a second son named Evert Johannes.

Moved in the year 1690, at the age of 30 years old, to New York City.

Produced in the year 1691, at the age of 31 years old, his fifth child, a third daughter named Mayken Elsie.

Produced in the year 1692, at the age of 32 years old, his sixth child, a third son named Hendrick Jacobus.
 
Produced in the year 1696, at the age of 36 years old, identical twins, his seventh and eighth children, who were a fourth daughter and a fourth son, in the New York City.

Met in the year 1698, at the age of 38 year old, his first grandchild, a granddaughter named Fenna Lysbeth Lemms.

Met in the year 1700, at the age of 40 years old, his second grandchild, a second granddaughter named Arabella Winne Yost.

Met in the year 1703, at the age of 43 years old, his third grandchild, a grandson named Olfert Carel Smith.

Met in the year 1704, at the age of 44 years old, his fourth grandchild, a second grandson named Thyman Wessel Smith.

Buried in the year 1705, in the month of March, at the age of 45 years old, his biological mother Lottie Dottie Beeks Smith in the city cemetery of New York City within the present day U.S. State of New York.

Moved in the month of April from New York City to the royal settlement of Bath, within wild Northern Carolina Colonies. Started working at the local naval store as a storekeeper, bookkeeper, and a foreign language translator.

Produced in the year 1708, at the age of 49 years old, his last child, a fifth son, in the town of Bath. And he met his fifth and six grandchildren, a third grandson named Seurt Allard De Jong and a fourth grandson named Leentje Koop.

Watched in the year 1732, at the age 74 years old, his older sons and daughters leave Bath for a brightly future career.

Died in the year 1742, in the month of August, on the 30th, at the age of 84 years old, and buried in the royal settlement of Bath, within the Northern Carolina Colonies.



Present day, space, place, and time, on top of the leather bench seat, inside the parked limousine, Magritte laughed then stated. “Now, let’s see if there is someone born as the same date of birth of Apple…naw…Adam.” She typed on the tiny keyboard and found the new information silently absorbing the data. “Yes! Yes! There is another human born on October 2nd in the year 1658. His name is Nicholaes Roosevelt. Nicholaes is a funny name.” She typed on the keyboard and found the new information. “O! Nicholaes is a Dutch name for the English name of Nicholas. Let the competition began. I wanna learn and then compare all of the life time accomplishments between a Nicholaes and a Nicholaas.” She dove into the new data and read in silence.
Nicholaes van Rosenvelt changed his name to Nicholas Roosevelt, after moving to the New World.
Nicholaas Samuel Smith does not change his name, but his father Alder Samuel Smyth changed his proper name landing and living within the New World.
She smiled. “I assign each man…” The older woman paused and then giggled with silliness. “One angel touch for being a good American. At the end of the competition, one is a winner and the other is a loser.”
Nicholaes Roosevelt is birthed on October 2nd, in the year 1658, in the new American colony of New Amsterdam.
Nicholaas Samuel Smith is birthed on October 2nd, in the year 1658, in the same new American colony of New Amsterdam.
She smiled. “Each man receives one angel touch. Hmm! The two names of Nicholaas and Nicholaes almost appear as the same spelling but different. What is the different between a Nicholaas and a Nicholaes?” She typed on the tiny keyboard and wore a smile diving into the internet data reading the information in silence.
Nicholaas or Nicholaes is the same Dutch name with a spelling variation.
She grinned, “O! The names are the same meaning of Nicholas but spelled differently. Well, I award one angel touch each also.” She giggled with silliness.
Nicholaes marries in the year 1682 his wife Heyltje Jans Kunst.
Nicholaas marries in the same year 1862 his wife Hannah Barant Bruyne.
She said. “Each man receives one angel touch.” She typed on the keyboard and examined the next set of articles. “Well, I didn’t get too far. And this item is not related. Nicholaes produced ten kids. Nicholaas produced eight kids. I’ll keep looking if there are any other related years or data between Nicholaas and Nicholaes. This is interesting.”
Father of Nicholaes, Claes Maartenszen van Rosenvelt was born in the year 1626.
Father of Nicholaas, Adam Samuel Smith was born in the same year.
She grinned. “Each man receives one angle touch.”
Mother of Nicholaes, Jannetje Samuels Thomas was born in the year 1625 and in the country of the Netherlands.
Mother of Nicholaas, Lottie Dottie Beeks was born in the same year and in the same world country.
She stated. “Each woman receives one angel touch helping her man,” she giggled with delight. “Too bad, my man didn’t wanna help but imped…naw…impale me! But he’s gone and I’m here. Yay hay!” She laughed with an evil tone then frowned. “This competition is boring. What else is interesting about Nicholaes and Nicholaas.” She silently read the new internet information.
In the year 1680, Nicholaes is a fur trader. Nicholaas is a language translator.
In the year 1690, Nicholaes becomes a slave owner and a politician. Nicholaas is not an owner of people or slaves and does not engage in politics.
She snarled. “Bad! Bad! Bad Nicholaes! It’s so ethically wrong to own people, not pets. And I hate politicians. Even though their career paths are different and not related, I award 50 strikes against Nicholaes. Hmm! A strike is too kind of a punishment description. Thus, I award 50 asshole strikes to Nicholaes. But the opposite opponent needs a suitable award or punishment. So, I award ten angel touches to Nicholaas.
Nicholaes dies in the year 1742, in the month of August, on the 30th.
Nicholaas dies in the same year, the same month and the same date.
She grinned. “Now, the event is a little bit or bite more fun and funner. But Nicholaes and Nicholaas are tied for the winner’s spot. Can I have a tie between two competitors? No! I need to hunt for more related data in order to select a clear winner over a clear loser.”
Nicholaes in the year 1683, at the age of 25 years old, produces his first child, a daughter named Jannetie.
Nicholaas in the year 1683, at the age of 25 years old, produces his first child, a daughter named Fenna Jannetie.
She gasped in shock, “Wow! That’s quite a strange and odd coincidence between the two men. The first born child is birthed in the same year and is a female baby, who has the name Jannetie too.” She started searching in more details through the internet information.
Nicholaes in the year 1685, at the age of 27 years old, produces his second child, a second daughter named Margarette.
Nicholaas in the year 1685, at the age of 27 years old, produces his second child, a second daughter named Margarette.
She gasped in shock, “I be damned. This event of matching kids is too damn odd!” She silently read through the rest of the internet data.
Nicholaes in the year 1687, at the age of 29 years old, produces his third child, a son named Nicholaes Junior.
Nicholaas in the year 1687, at the age of 29 years old, produces his third child, a son named Carel Nicholaas.
Nicholaes in the year 1689, at the age of 31 years old, produces his fourth child, a second son named Johannes.
Nicholaas in the year 1689, at the age of 31 years old, produces his fourth child, a second son named Evert Johannes.
Nicholaes in the year 1691, at the age of 33 years old, produces his fifth child, a third daughter named Elsie.
Nicholaas in the year 1691, at the age of 33 years old, produces his fifth child, a third daughter Elsie Mayken.
Nicholaes in the year 1692, at the age of 34 years old, produces his sixth child, a fourth son named James Jacobus.
Nicholaas in the year 1692, at the age of 34 years old, produces his sixth child, a fourth son named Hendrick Jacobus.
Nicholaes does not produce a child in the year 1696.
Nicholaas in the year 1696, at the age of 38 years old, produces twins, his sixth and seventh child, a fifth son and a fifth daughter. The son is named Clement Samuel. The daughter is named Clementine Samantha.
She frowned. “Finally! The matching years and names of the different babies finally stopped rocking and rolling! Why are the first six kids born in the same year and named with the same name from a different daddy sorta, kinda related, not by blood proteins.” She dove into the internet data. “O! I found it! Their biological parents named Claes, Jannetje, and Hottie Lottie Dottie had lived near each other, on the same dirt road, within the same village, in the country of Netherlands and then all of them sailed on the same sea ship from the Netherlands, across the Atlantic Ocean waters, and landed in the New World. Their families are Dutch natives. So, they all resided in the same Dutch colony of New Amsterdam near each other too. When Nicholas and Nicholaas were birthed at the same time, the two men became two friends and started doing events at the same time, learning to read, write, and speak the Dutch language, getting married to a Dutch girl, having numerous Dutch babies, and living in the same Dutch colony.” She smiled. “Well, I’ve solved that mysterious mystery. Nicholaes and Nicholaas are two best buddies. But they’re still tied for the winner’s spot. I cannot have two winners. One has to lose.” She typed on the tiny keyboard and silently read more new information.
From a handwritten log entry in the year 1705, by Nicholaas Samuel Smith, in the language of Spanish, but translated into English.

I fret over my friend Nicholaes. We’re the best of kind, almost a pair of loving and caring and sharing blood brothers. However, his deep passion for owning men, women, children, teenagers, and infants grinds into my molars and pounds into my neurons. Nicholaes is a very generous man with a big heart and has offered a slave family to exist and work within my family household. I cannot accept or fathom the thoughts of owning another being soul created by Almighty Father. I am not a master but a man.
Thus, I have decided with my extended family members to leave the busy, corrupt, overcrowded, smelly, nasty New York City and venture out into the vast wild and wilder wilderness of America, not looking for wealth but peace of mind, harmony of goodness, and the bright light of righteousness for all mankind, womankind, and animal-kind. I leave with my family at the strike of dawn with the good sunrise at my back. Pray to keep my family safe and secure and honorable, Almighty Father. Amen!

Magritte smiled. “Wow! That’s so sweet! Nicholaas was an honorable man without taking the free offer of working slaves. Slave ownership made numerous immigrants very wealthy American citizens, whose blood-related family roots are still rich and spend it lavishly today. Ace should be proud of his ancient ancestors, but I ain’t going to tattle to him as he’ll question my internal motives for searching his ancient and dead family background. But I still wanna know how Ace’s ancient and dead family members become rich but it is not through the concept of slave ownership.”

Magritte softly spoke, “The American Year 1743…”
The English Trust Company is both secretly and privately comprised of eight English lords and their millions of English pounds, including Oglethorpe. The other seven English lords are disappointed in the lack of luxurious marketable items, such like, silk fabric and wine bottles, exporting from the British American colonies.
The English Trust Company decides and then informs their representative British nobleman and military general James Oligotroph that their new colony sucks as it does provide the luxurious, lavish requested items consisting of soft silk fabrics like the Chinese peoples and sweet tasting wine bottles from the France wine-markers to the English ladies and lords back home in the country of England, instead of common products, such like, timber logs, cotton fibers, and beef cows.
She laughed with a smile, “Well, that failed to flourish, didn’t it, King George?” She giggled again and started silently reading the new information.
The English Trust Company and their wealthy members quickly dissolve their own privately owned and then sell all the American lands and the English indentured servants back to the English Crown. Now, all the colonies belong to the English Crown are classified as the royal British American Colonies. The Founding Father of both the colonies of Savannah and Darien James leaves the New World for his homeland of England dying there.
She hooted with delight. “Poor Clement Samuel Smith is unemployed again. But he has all his lands with the beef cows, the illegal beer bucket, and terrible raw milk products that is not pasteurized.” She laughed. “Now, Mary is an unemployed translator, too, but James gives her a lump sum pile of 1,000 English pounds which is equal to 20,000.00 U.S currency. That’s not a lot of money! James slips off his diamond ring and hands to her also.
“What! The internet article really states that event. What’s that all about? James was never married leaving England, living in America, and now traveling back home. I wonder why too. He did not ask for her hand in marriage, because she was married to another Englishman. James had not paid enough coin for her translating services from the years 1733 to 1743.
“What! That’s ten long, hard years, where she spent stealing all the fertile farms and thick woodland of the American lands by taking them away from the local Indian tribes. She helped build the trading posts executing trade goods with the Indian and also stopped the Spanish Crown from crawling over into the fertile farmlands of present day U.S. State of Georgia. She kept the Indians aligned with James’s and English interest of cash, crops, and citizens. Geez! She should be burned at a stake, rather than given a stake of Indian lands, if I was the head Indian chiefess or priestess or princess.
“Man! James burned Mary good. She received a pile of English rose petals, not pounds. She should have made 1,000 English pounds for ten years equaling over $200,000.00 in current U.S. currency. Wow! That’s both insane and mean! And Mary had received back her Native American Indians lands implying a vocal endorsement from the England which created a legal battle for 20 years. Geez! This girl should have become a legal lawyer plus of a foreign translator. She finally received her lands back and then died the next year. Well, tough shit, sister!” She laughed with an evil tone.

English noble, Founder of Savannah town, James Oglethorpe leaves the New World as a rich man and never returns to America, dying within his homeland. His charity idea fails. The smaller plots of land do not satisfy the settlers along with the ban of work slaves contribute to a failed colony forcing James to leave the New World for his homeland. A new royal governor, Stephens Williams is appointed by the English Crown, to the Georgia settlements inviting all the wealthier immigrants from the Savannah colony to move in and establish new rice plantations which advances the concept of slavery into the Georgia.
In the American year of 1744, Clement lives and works on his sea island paradise selling cows, beer bottles, beef products, and horses to soldiers, settlers, and the country of England.
In the year 1746, in the present day city of Mobile, within the modern day U.S. State of Alabama, during the spring and summer months damaging thunderstorms and great rain floods destroyed all the rice crops.

Magritte whispered softly, “The Colonial American year 1750…”

The British natives brought and then wore the dull sense of style to the American colonies. A man wore a dark-colored waistcoat or a vest with a white tinted long-sleeved shirt and a pair of knee breeches with stockings and a pair of leather shoes without or with a buckle. The coat, waistcoat, and breeches were all the same colored either black or brown fabric. 
The height of fashion for a woman consisted of a dark colored waistcoat over a white tinted shirt, a long skirt called a petticoat. An apron covered the petticoat. A straw hat with a white or natural colored scarf covering the throat tissue. Or a coil or a close-fitting cap on the rear hairy skull. A young girl displayed the same attire.
At the royal court of France, a female presented a wide, hip-shaped skirt with a low-neckline. A man displayed fabrics in silks in various colors but all matched.
The town of Savannah, from British colony Georgia, exports 60,000 deerskins, each year, staring in the year 1750.
The edible food rice, in the Georgian territories, becomes the first staple commercialized agricultural commodity in the Low County. Rice grains came on merchant ships from the European settlers and the African migrants to the Deep South, over time. The piles of money called profits are earned and not shared by the planters with the slaves creating the first set of multi-millionaires in coastal Georgia.
Rice stalks are grown both using inland fresh water swamps within the coastal counties and along the principal tidal rivers. An operational and profitable rice plantation resides along the Savannah, the Ogeechee, the Altamaha or the Satilla Rivers.
A wet rice crop is both demanding and dangerous due to the high mortality death rates in the mosquito-infested swamps of the Low County. The swampland has to be drained, cleared, and leveled for an agricultural crop of rice.
For tidal river cultivation of rice, an irrigation system is constructed using levees, ditches, culverts, flood gates, and drains and then it is maintained to control and regulate the flow of water coming on and then off the rice fields.
Next, the production stage beings.
After the rice is sewn, the fields are flooded during the growing season. Once the waters are drawn off the field, hoeing is performed. Once the rice stalks are mature, the crop is harvested, processed, and prepared for commercial market and then transported by wagons and horses to the trade exchange warehouses in the local town and sold and sent throughout the world.
A rice plantation employs planters, stewards, and overseers for the managerial functions handing all the laborers and horses. And a small number of white-colored planters grow rice crops too.
This entire process requires massive amounts of human and horse labor, monies, land resources and human energy for one annual rice crop without a man-made machine.
Past historical fact, at the peak of rice production, in the year 1865, 40,000 acres of land was developed for rice crops in the present day U.S. States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia.

Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1751…”

It all ended; but it all began. The Georgia free and wild settlement became a strict, severe, and snobby royal colony ruled by the Crown, who sent a royal governor on behalf of the king’s decisions. The newest royal colony contained the smallest population of peoples and the least economically developed among the thirteen British American colonies.” She stated. “I do believe that the American History books have left out the proper noun, British, not on purpose but with greatly carelessness. The thirteen colonies are named as the thirteen British American colonies as the people and properties are owned by the British Crown, from the years 1704 to 1783. I should have been a historian correcting all our American history. However, I have married well-to-do instead and I am rich, rich, rich, without a care in the shitty, greedy, nasty world, since my poor sick husband has passed away from the Earth’s plane and is located inside Heaven’s place,” she looked up and smiled at the rooftop on the stationary limousine, such like, she was peeping into heaven. Then she smiled and winked at the heavenly gates, exhaling with relief, looking down at her phone screen.
In the American year of 1752, in the month of September, on the 13th, the Great Hurricane strikes the U.S. coastline within Onslow County.
Magritte sneered at the silly little machine like it was a person with feelings, “Wait! Wait! Who and what and where is Onslow County? Geez, Louie! I gotta look up another tiny city to figure where Ace’s ancient and dead family members came from first who then all finally reached the city of Mobile. Onslow County is located at the mouth of New River. What in the heck is New River? Is that a river that is new? New River is the oldest river in the world.” She smiled. “Wow! How’s that even possible? I’m learning a combination of history, science, math, and geology too.” She laughed and then silently read the information. “New River is a fifty mile long river located in southeastern North Carolina and empties into the Atlantic Ocean. Don’t all fresh water rivers enter into the salty ocean waters somewhere and somehow? Yes, they all do. What a useless sentence structure and a waste of my precious time!”

The river waters rise within the northwestern section in Onslow County and then flows in an east by southeastern direction passing by the present day city of Jacksonville. At Jacksonville, the river widens by two miles running southeasterly by the present day Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune, through the New River inlet into the two barrier island and finally flowing into the Atlantic Ocean waters.
She frowned, “Woo! That body of water takes foreverly to reach the ocean.”

New River starts as a fresh water river flowing through the three U.S. States of North Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia which measures 360 miles in length. The origin of the new is unknow, but New River is one of the five oldest rivers in the world and in North America from a geological point of view.
The flow of the waters, on New River, steers in a south to north direction cutting through the southwest to northeast steep cliff and high ridges on the ancient Appalachian Mountains and then flows through the rock outcrops and gorges on the Appalachian Plateau. The present course flow started 65 million years ago as a tiny steam. The modern day geologist name as Teays. During the Pleistocene Age, the continental glacial ice sheet buried all the fresh river waters and created huge glaciers. Because the 360 miles of New River course waters flow is so ancient, the unique plants, trees, flowers, insects, birds, fowl, fish, other animal wildlife, and their natural cozy woodlands habitats have lived in both safety and stability from the greedy selfish humans but that may be al changing, ya’ll.
The New River Inlet also expands outwardly coming from the direct hit and built-up with wet mud, ocean silt, and deep flood waters.
Magritte gasped in annoyance and whispered her words, “Where’s that? I’m lost. What and who is the town of Johnston?”

The country of Onslow is named after English politician of the House of Commons, Arthur Onslow.
The Tuscarora Indian tribes are removed in the month of November of the year 1713 after fighting and then losing all their native American Indian lands to the greedy, ambitious, but poor, hard-working English settlers. Then all the new settlers travel from the present day city of Wilmington grabbing all the nice fertile lands and then establish a settlement named Town Point.
In the year 1734, the two towns form a county and then call it, Onslow County, which is named after a long-term English politician of the House of Commons, Arthur Onslow.
A trac of fertile rich Indian lands had been granted to an English nobleman named Richard Farr by King George, the second, in the year 1736. He opens a row of naval stores selling turpentine, which is used as oil in lamps and varnish polish on wooden ships.
Then business owner Richard Farr sells 640 acres of his land to another Englishman named James Wentland. Mr. Wentland creates and then maintains a local boat ferry service called Wentland’s Ferry crossing the New River inlets between the southern and northern shorelines of present day Snead’s Ferry and Camp Lejeune. Wentland’s Ferry keeps the ancient name, until the year 1819, then it changes into Snead’s Ferry, sitting lying on the southern side of the river. The economic products of the colonial day include selling pigs, cows, and maritime trade goods.
In the year 1842, the new city is named after new President of the United States of America Andrew Jackson and is called Jacksonville.
Wentland’s Ferry lies 40 miles east-west, in the middle land section, between two present day cities of southern Wilmington and northern New Bern, within the same U.S. State of North Carolina.
The small town of Johnston lies on the opposite river inlet from Wentland’s Ferry. The town features rows of naval store.

Magritte sneered, “Well, that makes sense. Warships are anchored there in river waters of a seaport town.”

A naval store sells products coming from living, not dead, pine trees by chipping the resin glue from the upright tree trunk.
She gasped in shock, “O! I thought a naval store was a United States Navy military store selling both used guns and abused Navy sailor’s clothes. I’m a dumb belle!” She continued to read and the laughed out loud. “The current modern day pine resin products are used to manufacture soap…soap…soap. Well, I do declare. Why didn’t southern belle Miss Scarlet Katie O’Hara drive her wagon or send her house servant up here to the town of Johnston picking up several cases of boxed soap, instead of boiling the materials inside a heated pot beside her outhouse?” She laughed at her silly reference to a popular novel written during the Civil War era.
The other current pin resin products include house paint, ship and furniture varnish, personal shoe polish, lubricants, linoleum, turpentine, and roofing materials. Turpentine is used for house paints and ship varnishes; medical for wounds and abrasions and fueling oil for hand-carried lamps. Back in the American colonial times, a wooden ship is covered in pine resin tar sealing the space between the planks. Pine pitch caulks spaces which will leak in river or ocean waters. The tar, pitch, and gum minerals are collected from living pine trees.
She smiled, “O! Noah, without a last name from The Holy Bible, had used both tar and pitch natural products from the forest of pine trees behind his house yard covering his newly constructed wooden ark as directly by Almighty God. That’s where it all started again, folks!” She laughed while silently reading the rest of the information.
The British Royal Navy orders supplies from the American naval stores including each ship’s mast from the large white pine trees in present day U.S. State of New England; pitch gun comes from the longleaf pine forests of present day U.S. State of North Carolina plus sawn lumber and staves also. Well, each naval store owner operates a thriving colonial business venture with their motherland of England.
During the American Revolutionary War, the British warships outside the maritime lines in the Atlantic Ocean waters tried to block both the French and Spanish merchants ship from docking in the American harbor collecting and then paying for the pine tree resin products, sawn lumber and new masts. Except Mother Russia led by Catherine the Great threated to bodily and bloody harm England, the English ships, and the English sailors. Her royal commands heeded and her American products from the American naval stores collected by her Russia warships.
Magritte cheered. “Bully for her!”
A hurricane is a rotating storm center with strong winds, spiraling thunderstorms, and sheets of heavy rains. The strong winds blow in a counterclockwise circle twisting round a center eye due to the Coriolis Effect. The hurricane forms over a large body of warm waters collecting its energy from the evaporation of ocean waves while creating both twisting clouds and heavy rain, where the moist air molecules rises and cools into a saturation condition. A hurricane measures from 62 miles to 1,243 miles in diameter that steers towards the eastern and southern coastlines on the United States.
The strong rotating winds inside a developing hurricane are caused by angular momentum from the Earth’s rotation schedule as air flows inwards towards the axis of the rotation, thus a hurricane rarely forms within five degrees from the equator. The trade winds pattern is the criminal that creates a criminal act by steering it’s the easterly waves in a westward direction coming off the coastline of African heading towards the Caribbean Islands and America eastern shoreline. Thus, the combination of the continuous easterly jet stream coming off from the continental coastline of Africa slams into unstable atmospheric westward winds creating a rotating hurricane on the Atlantic Ocean and in the Caribbean Seas.
The source energy for a hurricane is the warm ocean waters which are strongest over the water and then weaken rapidly hitting the landscape. Coastal landscape damage from a rotating hurricane include strong winds, heavy sheets of rain, high waves from high winds, and rotating land tornadoes on land property, forests, wild animals, humans, and man-made assets. The heavy rain sheets of evaporated water molecules in the thunder clouds can dump precipitation up towards 25 miles inland from the affected coastline leading to river flooding, overland flooding, and general flooding on all man-made assets. However, the flood waters do relieve land drought conditions on the earth soil and replenishes inland and underground fresh water creeks, streams and rivers. A hurricane carries away both heat and energy from the tropical islands regulating global climate.
Hurricanes have occurred around the world for thousands of years. The earliest report occurred in the year 6,000 B.C. on the isolated sea island of present day Australia. Modern day scientists record 90 hurricanes-per-year with an average wind speed of 75 miles-per-hour.
In the center of rotating hurricane, the air molecules sink and do not rise while suppressing the cloud formation, creating an eye, which is clearly seen by man-made radar devoid of rains, winds, and clouds.
Magritte exhaled with worry as her old memory cells recalled. “I recalled going outside and standing in the eye of a hurricane at my house in Mobile. The winds are calm. You can clearly see the blinking sunlight rays from the Solar Sun burning your happy smile. Too quickly, the indigo thick cloud formation appears hiding the happy sun rays dumping sheet of heavy raindrops, terrible blowing high winds with a roaring sound and surges of salty ocean water over my two naked feet. I ran into my house and slammed the front door hiding underneath my bed frame.” She gasped in ancient fear from her ancient memories. “I always remember from the teachings of my father. The eyewall on the left side of the hurricane brings the heaviest winds, the tallest flood waters, and the highest precipitation creating massive damage to peoples, properties, and pets.” She looked up staring at the closed partition and then inhaled fresh gulps of air molecules while calming her rapid heartbeats from the Hurricane of 1956.
The eye center appears as a circle and the eye diameter ranging from a tiny 01.90 miles to a typical 40 miles to a gigantic 320 miles in width.
The outer edges around the eye is an eyewall. The eyewall expands outwardly in height and contains the greatest, strongest wind speeds. The air molecules quickly rise; the clouds tower at the highest altitude upwards towards the hidden skyline of blackish-indigo clouds, and the rainfall precipitation is the heaviest. When the eyewall passes over the landmass, it causes the heaviest wind damage to all land and property assets.
Outer rain bands within a hurricane produces massive thunderstorms and slowly steers inward from the waters onto landmass. When the primary eyewall weakens, the hurricane winds weakens also. Then the outer eyewall slams into the landmass starting a new cycle of heavy rains, strong winds, and flood waters on the soil, citizens.
The aftermath of a rotating hurricane still creates sheets of heavy raindrops and numerous twister tornadoes until the system finally breaks up moving westerly direction away from the affected area leaving behind both damage and destruction to vehicles, building, bridges, landscape, forests, animals, pets and people.
Since the year 1821 A.D. from numerous eye witness accounts and written records, hurricanes have contributed to two million humans dying. The standing flood water creates diseases, infection and mosquito-borne illnesses. The hurricane winds and waves interrupt the man-made infrastructure of transportation, electricity, water services, foodstuffs, and medical treatment for all affected humans and communities. Since the year 1995 A.D., the written documents have told that the United States of America properties have survived but has suffered and sacrificed 5,000,000,000 U.S. dollars in damages and destruction.
The human race will not like this geological environmental truth, but Mother Nature is the boss here on Planet Earth. Her hurricane event regulates thermo air circulation and maintain the global heat balance ratio by moving warm, moist tropical air molecules to the middle latitudes and polar regions. The storm surge and the high winds stir up the coastal estuaries creating important fish breeding waters, maintain aquatic life form.
However, the hurricane waves bring death also in high salt contents to the fresh water supply on the land bringing toxic, acids, and even spilled ugly dark brown petroleum oil particles coming from all the damaged ocean refineries immediately killing the shoreline natural plants, vegetation, sea birds, and other ocean life forms.
In the year 1752, on September 14th, a violent rotating hurricane storm moves ahead north by northwest coming from the Bahama Islands first heading towards the coastline of the United States. The clear eye aims at the Charles Town settlement next and then jerks back into the warm waters of Atlantic Ocean gathering strong, steering slowly. The eye wall on the Great Hurricane of 1752 slowly traveling 229 miles north by northwest, at a steady 30 miles-per-hour ahead and then slams through Wentland’s Ferry on the New River inlet, while the outer rain bands on the southern end blast the place, people, property, and pets in the southern colony Charles Town also.
The small chain of inlet barrier islands experiences severe flooding and total destruction of people, property, and pets.
The storm steers directly towards Onslow County, where the southern side holds the settlement named Wentland’s Ferry with a newly constructed courthouse, a jail building and individual residential farms with livestock. The northern side displays a row of naval stores and numerous docked sea vessels including British warships in the seaport of Johnston.
Both the hurricane winds and the high flood water descend and then scoop out numerous wet mud balls, silt particles, sand grains, sea weeds, and man-made trash items from the bottom of New River inlet tossing all the materials in the air, over the land soil while reshaping the barrier islands.

On the evening hours, of September 14th, a gust of hardy winds come from a northeastern direction and the night sky morphs into a threatening indigo colors with midnight black rain clouds.

On September 15th, at 04:00 am, the ocean winds become more violent and the dangerous storm produces heavy sheets of hard raindrops bombarding everything. The flood waters fill the harbor starting to run over all the city streets, wharves and bridges. All the anchored small to large sea vessels are tossed from the harbor water onto the wet shoreline, except for the massive battle warships.
The tide wave rose ten feet above the shoreline. Loose debris items become fling deadly projectiles hitting all man-made buildings, houses, structures, livestock, and thicket of forestlands.
The storm surge of high winds and high waves invade each home and structure. The citizens from Johnston, Town Pointe, and Wentland’s Ferry quickly pray to Almighty God for a heavenly miracle while slowly breathing in precious oxygen molecules as the raising flood waters meet their human neck tissue, inside their own homes, on top of the second floor.
As the hurricane of the eye passes over the tiny town of Johnston, the broad rotation of winds over the landmass plus upwards vertical wind shear starts to spawn off numerous land tornadoes that rip up, tear up, and finally destroy the rest of the man-made assets plus parts of the lovely island landscape.

At 11:10 am, the hurricane winds turn and veer east by southeast. By 03:00 pm, the hurricane winds have ceased.
After the passing hurricane dissipates into a series of minor rain storms, inside the New River inlet, the creation of large inlet waves, heavy rain sheets, flooding, and high winds have caused massive amounts of shipwrecks to all the previous nicely docked small private boats to the massive British warships to breach into the shoreline. All the wooden harbor fishing wharves and water bridges are missing.
On the land, the strong winds have destroyed every house, rooftop, retail store, stone chimney, manicured lawn, and tall storage building, and warehouse, all are beaten down into the wet soil by the surging flood waters and then have been carried away up the river banks or returned back into the rough ocean waters. All the wooden doors on each retail store are busted out and then all the new merchandise is damaged or lost among the high flood waters.
On the southern side of the New River inlet, the new courthouse and the jail building are gone along with all the paper copies of original land deeds, English tariff or tax documents and stored inside an individual live or dead person’s Last Will and Testimony. The crops, timber piles, the livestock have been tossed in the air and then washed into the bay waters.
The town of Johnston is located on the river bank and displays no residential houses or business buildings leaving nine people are dead. The barracks for all the military soldiers are flattened; the small and heavy cannons are dismounted, and the horse-driven military carriages are all gone. The large merchant ships have been dragged by their anchors and then run ashore onto the flat soil landing seven miles upriver and then have been tossed onto rows of private residential houses.
To place a location perspective, here, the present day city of Jacksonville is 9.07 miles upriver from present day U.S military Marine Camp Lejeune or the current site of ancient town of Johnston. The 1752 hurricane strong winds had shoved all the massive docked British warships almost to the location of present day Jacksonville.

In the rear bench seat of a non-moving limousine, Magritte gasped in shock, “My word! That’s massive land, sea, and asset damage coming from a Cat Five Hurricane in today scientific ocean weather terms. I should know I reside here in the seaport and beach city of Mobile. We receive hurricane warnings, during the months of June to November hurricane season all the time, and then pray to God all the hurricane strong winds, heavy rains, and terror heads west towards either the Mississippi or Texas coastline, not at me.”

The three towns of Johnston, Town Point, and Wentland’s Ferry consisted of broken seashells and numerous sandy dirt roads filled with water puddles, destroyed animal flesh, man-made debris items, and fallen tree limbs. The crop plantations are missing all the outhouse buildings. There is a complete loss of forestlands, cattle, sheep, pigs, chickens, goats, horses, dogs, puppies, cats, and kittens and all other barnyard or domestic mammals.
The hurricane devastation wipes away the physical location of Johnston, which is the present day location of United States of America Marine military Camp Lejeune. The later afternoon hours leave the peoples, the damaged properties, the devastated trees, bushes, flowers, and plants, the dead pets, the destroyed crops, the dead livestock, and the 500 flattened buildings, all in ruins.
The standing flood water creates immediately diseases, infections, and mosquito-borne illnesses killing all the injured and wounded citizens and the viciously attacking all the healthy ones.
The New River fresh inlet water and the open ground streams both smell foul and taste salty. The high ocean waves have introduced salt minerals and salt water into the fresh water inlet and numerous land creeks creating a bitter taste. Some of the plants are quickly dying below the bright sunlight from the significant increase in the salinity levels. All the natural birds and fowl have not been seen for days, flying off to another healthy part of the river.
Animals are smarter than man!
The tiny man-made infrastructure including numerous ferry boats, a few private sailing boats, and the massive British warships is gone. The town used oil lamps for light, but both the supplies and the lamps are gone along with the two naval stores. And one among numerous surviving victims is affected and displaced, Adam Samuel Smith.
Present day, space, place, and time, inside a parked limousine, on top of the soft leather seat, Magritte looked up staring at the non-moving landscape and then gasped in shock, “Adam Samuel Smith! Adam Samuel Smith! Adam Samuel Smith!” She laughed for a few seconds longer with amusement and then huffed and finally puffed out a string of sour air molecules slapping her chest. “I can’t believe this! I can’t believe this! I’ve been researching and reading all the ancient Colonial American historical records about Clement Samuel Smith, instead of tracing down his younger baby brother, Adam Samuel Smith, the third, who is really the great, great, great, great, great grandfather of Ace. What a waste of my time! Well, I’m wasting all my time earlier getting stuck in a traffic jam, after waiting for the clearing of a multiple car wreck with dead bodies and now then this new traffic situation with something new,” She looked up and viewed each window seeing the bright rays of heated sunlight.
She frowned with annoyance at her incompetent rented driver. After her hair salon appointment, which she would miss the original time but attend later in the early afternoon, Magritte was going to send both the driver and his limousine back to the rental limousine headquarter office, requesting a new pair. The same type of incident had occurred a couple of times before making Magritte very late for another one of her scheduled appointments. She quickly texted the hair salon and explained the current delayed situation on the roadway. One of the other hair stylists would decorate Margritt’s hairy bone skull today, if her usual hairdresser was busy with another client. Magritte tipped in large wads of cash monies to all her servers. She exhaled with frustration then ate some more of the delicious snacks. She was stuck here in the 21st Century. Adam was stuck there in the year 18th Century. She consumed more food easing her frustration.

****


Twenty minutes later, the time read 10:38 a.m. Ace stood in front of the washer machine and gently dropped down the lid, exhaling with annoyance. “It’s not here. I thought for shore it would be here, but I can't find it. I really need the service of my old wiser friends Buck and Slick here to help, but they're retired from the military service and are not part of my military staff anymore. Hell! I’m retired from the military service too.” He back stepped from the washer machine and spun around to face entrance wall, moving back to the work station, gently grabbing the gelatin capsule and stored down into his shirt pocket. He spun around and checked the laundry room for the last time, without leaving any physical or biological or chemical evidence of his secret spy mission. He was satisfied with his clean-up procedure and strutted ahead towards the rear wall inside the oddly-shaped laundry room padding ahead towards a solid wall of hard plaster and paint and then halted inside the wall corner.
He reached up and pressed three of his fingertips into the middle smooth portion inside the wooden shelf while feeling the wood movement, removing his hand and presented a smile. The ancient mechanisms on the secretive hidden door needed an oil change. The hidden door was disguised as a column of exterior storage shelves which held a short stack of soft cleaning cloths and several small tubs of cloth pins. The hidden door slowly shifted backwards and slammed into the side wall, revealing a rectangular shaped dining room with peach tinted walls and light colored wooden dining room furniture pieces. The glass cabinets elegantly display an ancient set of fine animal bone, not human bone china dinner plates, teacups, saucers, bread and butter plates, salad plates, finger bowls, soup bowls, dessert plates, and numerous serving pieces in pink hue with flowers.
Ace continued to sneer at Magritte and the set of girly china dishes. As a young boy, his mother, not his father, had forced Ace to eat off the pinky, girly dinner plates, against his will and the will of his father. That’s unconditional love for your mama, ya’ll!
The elegant place setting came from the country of England, in the year 1834, as ordered by his great-great grandmother Smith and lived here inside the ancient dining room. Each piece wears a thick pink border which is decorated with an array of girly flowers in red and pink surrounding with a trim in 24 carats of gold. In the middle of the white material, a gigantic corsage of colorful flowers laugh in your face, if you are a manly man, cluttering into a bloom of yellow posies, pink roses, tiny blue belles, and white colored forget-me-nots, where Ace likes to forget about his torment and torture at the dining room between the range of eight years old until his teen years while dining at his grandmother's house.
The hidden door was built for the kitchen staff members to shuffle in and out with the prepared food trays, without perturbing the invited guests inside the sitting room and stinking up the central hallway. Ace stood inside the open archway and scanned the room, shaking his bone skull, whispering for his eardrums only. “No! She wouldn’t build her set of deadly gelatin weapons in this room, on top of the ancient and shiny dining room table, without messing up the wood. Then, the paid maid service would know and tattle to my granddaddy about the permanent scarring on the wooden surface,” he frowned. “Yes, she could not,” he tossed both of his arms in the air and then slapped his naked legs. “I don’t know, but I must find out, so I’ll search here for her weapon.” He turned to face the first side exhaling with annoyance, looking down at his wristwatch and then stopped in front of the ancient wooden cabinets. “I’m running outta of time and outta of luck.” He looked up and whispered to the glass door, “Please help me, Katie Scarlet O’Hara!” He sneered with frustration and gently opened the first glass door using his two acute eyeballs, not his teen rough finger pads to search around the delicate plates and bowls for her hidden weapon.

****

At 10:39 a.m., Magritte continued to sit in the traffic jam and silently read all the new information regarding Adam Samuel Smith, the grandfather of eleventh generation grandson.

In the last evening hours, on September 15th, in the year 1752, the Great Hurricane has wiped the physical location of small town Johnston off Planet Earth.
One of numerous survivors Adam Samuel Smith cannot walk among the dead at night as the wild animals come out hunting for free food. He’s trapped inside the flattened town of Johnston, until another roaming scout party of humans, not animals finally arrives with a wagon of fresh supplies consisting of food, lamps, and fresh water.
Adam spends the first day walking through debris, stumbling upon injured animals, ending their painful suffering with his set of loaded guns. He gathers fruit for food and hunts for his family members without success.

On the second day, after the hurricane storm, on September 16th, in bright daylight rays, he repeats the same method but covers more landmass, ending the painful suffering of both domestic livestock, some wildlife animals and dozens of lost, upset or injured family pets, picking two dogs for social companionship, without successful locating his family members.

On the third day, of September 17th, he feeds the dogs and eats a handful clean food, presenting two individual items with the scents from his wife and his two year daughter. The two dogs come from the blood hound breed and can smell out a dead scent, three days long and down in the thick silt. He stores clean water and starts his hunt, moving further into the forestlands, without finding his family members but aids small parties of citizens, who search for their missing loved ones too.

On the fourth day, of September18th, he feeds the dogs and packs a sack of fresh food encountering a small row boat of citizens with fresh water and food also. He is offered transportation to the opposite side of the New River smelly inlet and takes the opportunity leaving his home, searching for his missing loved one over there. The boat lands. He stomps into the smelly waters and marches onto the solid sandy ground. Several feet away from the clean shoreline and away the destroyed wooden pier, broken ferry boats, and piles of busted lumbers, the dogs roam around the smelly sands and find his infant daughter. She is all blue colored and dead in her arms of her mother. A few more feet away from her mother and the sandy shoreline, the dogs identify his first born daughter laying on her face in the sticky mud and nasty silt.
Adam kneels over her little daughter and cries for the loss of his three loving family members, and curses God above in the heavenly realm for a messy life. The two friendly dogs express both sadness and sympathy while offering a sound of soft moans for the loss of life, rubbing against Adam. He is alone, scared but strong reaching out, clearing his throat and pats the wet furry skull on each stray dog, who is alone, scared, but strong too.
He slowly stands upright from his dead daughter and surveys the landmass. The land is flattened and glows in green hue from the particles of ocean algae. The still water puddles appear both musky and dark. Both of these two land features are poison to man and beast. He has learned that a hurricane storm carries both poisonous toxins and deadly acids onto the shoreline and the soil. The flood waters as spread both the toxins and the acids contaminating the soil, air, water, and land. He concludes the toxins, acids and the salt water are harmful to him, his two dogs, the humans, the crops, the birds, the creeks, and the wild life. He cannot rebuild or live or thrive here anymore. He has lost his family, his house, his job, and his possession feeling depressed, defeated, and deflated with one flicker of hope, new land and new career on September 18th.

Magritte gasped in shock, “Unbelievable! I’ve found and I’m reading an actual handwritten testimony coming from an upset and unhappy Adam Samuel Smith.” She read out loud and then gasped in shock, “Well, my brain cells are pondering and wondering, where his person is and whether he is living or dying. Adam has grown up and works as clerk at the local naval store, not a Navy guy. Awe! His old parents, and his wife, and his sons, his residential military home, his possessions, and his life are all destroyed, by the 1752 Great Hurricane weather event. As the courthouse and the legal documents have been damaged, Adam could not claim his land ownership or payment of English collect taxes on his land properties or administer the numerous deceased person’s Last Will and Testimony papers for his six dead relatives. Adam becomes frustrated leaving behind a ruined city that has swollen up his entire life. Ah haw!” She smiled. “Adam Samuel Smith finds a different career path, after the terrible storm almost wiped his person off the planet, he becomes a tobacco man,” she laughed for a few seconds and frowned. “I do not smoke cigarettes. But I’m curious now. I’ve seen rows of big, wide green tinted tobacco leaves. How is a pack of cigarettes created from the ingredients of grown tobacco leaves?”

Sir Walter Raleigh brought the tobacco leaf from China to Europe and then to America in the year 1584. Later, the British slaves coming from the British-owned Jamaica islands brought tobacco seeds landing in the lands of present day Virginia.
A Colonial American farmer used workers and mules to grow the tobacco leaves in the fertile soil of Virginia. 900 man and mule hours are required to harvest one acre of tobacco leaves.
In the month of January, the seed beds are prepared for planting. Burn away the underground of plants, weeds, and roots, tilling the soil, and fertilizing the ground.
In the month of February, seed beds are planted in the soil. A linen cover is placed on top of the seed beds for shelter, so the energy is absorbed into the seed beds. It takes six weeks for each seed beds to mature for the planting stage. In the meantime, a mule pulls a heavy metal plow breaking the soil then disking and fertilizing the ground creating rows of furrows for the seed beds.
One ounce of seeds is planted every 700 square yards for a seed bed.
Each acre requires 100 square yards of seed for the seeds that do not survive into maturity.
In the month of April, all the transplanted seeds from the tobacco seeds are feed onto the ground.
One slave makes a hole in the soil. A second slave places the seed down in the hole. A third slave add water and fertilizer down into the hole and then mixes the elements. Finally, the hole is covered in dirt.
From the months of April to July, as each plant grow, the slave weeds the soil fields between the rows of plants. When a yellow tinted tobacco flower appears on top of each plant, the flower is topped allowing the nutrients to descend down into all the wide leaves causing the plant to grow larger into the summertime months. Hornworms will invade each leaf. The slave children are assigned to remove each worm before the bug destroys the leaf.
In the month of August, the harvesting process begins. First, remove the bottom of the leaves from each stalk which is called lugs.
Second, pick up additional new leaves every two weeks from the same stalk.
A mule hauls the lugs on top of a sled away from the tobacco fields towards a row of Curing Barns. Then the lugs are tied upon a set of tall upright wooden sticks. The prepared sticks of lugs are placed inside each internal barn setting. Then fire furnaces are fired inside each Curing Barn environment. For 70 days, the heated temperature is raised to slowly dry out each healthy green leaf on each lug into a group of yellow tinted dried leaves.
Once all the leaves are yellow tinted and completely dried, the barn doors are opened allowing the new leaf to absorb the natural humidity of the air temperatures.
Once the tobacco leaf is pliable again, the slave places each lug down inside a deep dirt pit. The plant absorbs more air molecule moisture and are pulled out from the pit traveling to the Pack House.
At the Pack House, the plant lays out each lug and then grades it and bundling into hands through the month of November. The last step, pressing the hands flat before loading the lug into the truck destined for the tobacco warehouse for sale.
From the months of December to January of the new year, the slaves spend time repairing farm equipment, buys annual supplies and then plans for the planting in the month of January.
Back in the American Colonial year of 1753, Charles Town is the fifth largest seaport in British American and the largest seaport south of Delaware. Two weeks and one day later, a second autumn Atlantic Ocean hurricane arrives as the calm eye passes over and then slams into the city of Charles Town ruining tobacco, rice and cotton crops, killing livestock, tumbling down structures and buildings, and displacing citizens, all on evening of the 30th, of the same month.
Back in the U.S. State of North Carolina, the loss in all the town’s assets of Johnston is not replaced by the existing business owner and their stores or the surviving natives and their houses, instead the town’s people move nine miles upriver from the wiped out city establishing a new town. In the year 1842, the town is renamed after new President of the United States Andrew Jackson and is called Jacksonville, because there are rumors that Andrew Jackson was born near Johnston. But the ancient births, deaths, and church baptism books were not nicely written on paper or securely stored in dry places detailing all live or death newborn births.
In place on the blown-away Johnston town, 190 years later, the Marine Corp Camp Lejeune military base is built and filled in the year 1942. The base holds 56,000 acres and 14 miles of sandy beaches, housing 43,000 Marines and Navy sailors. In the year 2010 A.D., Onslow County where the USA military base resides holds 177,772 individuals.

Magritte exhaled in shock then whispered, “Well, I’m totally shocked. The Smith males possessed true grits, gravels, and guts surviving the wilderness, the wars and the hurricanes. The Smith females are not so lucky as each ancient historical dairy proves. The Smith females die early for some reason. So, Ace’s blood and destiny is like all his forefathers before him, and he also possesses true grits, gravel and guts. I must be very, very cautious and carefully with my words, my acts, my body language around him, especially after the funeral event tomorrow morning. He will be watching me like a perched hawk hunting its prey and waiting for me to mess up and then attack me. But I’m cooler than cucumber and colder than a cobra. Look out, Ace! I’m the bitch you need to worry about here! And I have proven today, and I will prove it, again, tomorrow, if you cross my bra straps the wrong way, boy!” She laughed with an evil tone. “I’m totally shocked. The Smith males possess true grits, gravel, not gravy, and guts surviving the wild wilderness, the wilder wars and the wild-ass hurricanes. The Smith females are not so lucky as their ancient historical non-girly daily diary do not show or tattle-tail. The Smith females die at early age for some unexplained reason.
“So, Ace’s blood and destiny is like all his forefathers before me and he also possesses true grits, gravel and guts. I must be very, very cautious and carefully with my words, my acts, my body language around him, especially after the funeral event tomorrow morning. He’ll be watching me like a hawk waiting for me to mess up and then attack me, in the dark alley. But I’m cooler than cucumber and colder than a cobra. Look out, Ace! I’m the bitch you need to worry about here! And I have proven today, and I will prove it, again, tomorrow, if you cross my bra straps the wrong way, boy!” She laughed with an evil tone again. “Back to business!” She laughed again. “I love my new fictional man, Austin Bartholomew Barrington, the fourth. I wish I could find a man like Austin, but of course, near or at my advanced age of years. Alas! Now, back to the business of hunting down all of Ace’s blood-thirsty, ill-bred, rude and nasty set of Dutch-English American ancient and dead relatives.” She sneered and then stated. “Adam Samuel Smith leaves both his broken heart and his broken town behind on September 18th walking over the land, not air-walking like Brother Christ Jesus either. Let’s calculate out how long before poor, broken-hearted Adam must get over his terrible losses and get a new job for food, shelter and whatever! I won’t know the plight of the poor middle-age man as I am rich, rich, rich beyond my girly daydreams now. Thank you, Attila! I do love you more now, when you’re dead and I’m rich,” she giggled with silliness.

The land distance between the small Colonial town of Bath, within present day U.S. State of North Carolina and the present day South Carolina border is 172 miles.
A horse travels 50 miles per daylight hours with a few stops of fresh water and food. If Adam travels 50 miles per day, leaving on September 18th, Sunday afternoon, he arrives at the South Carolina invisible land border on September 21st, Wednesday afternoon starting his new destiny as a tobacco man.

Magritte giggled with delight. “I wanna check, if I’m correct about his short steed ride to South Carolina working as a tobacco slave.” she smiled and typed on the tiny keyboard accessing the internet articles while looking for the answer and whispered to her eardrums only,” I really don’t wanna know the true answer yet, but I wanna take a quick peek-a-boo,” she chuckled with amusement and then frowned with sour words, “Huh! The calendar dates don’t match. Okay! His horse died on the way there to the South Carolina border. Let’s calculate walking by foot from the town of Bath to the South Carolina border on Sunday, September 18th. A human can walk 10 miles-per-day with both at the same time, like me, a piss and shit break while consuming handfuls of fresh drinking water and handful of fresh fruit berries from the local fruit bush. Adam should arrive there 17 days on October 5th.” She looked at the calendar date again and then frowned. “Naw! That ain’t right either!” She exhaled with annoyance. “His first horse died. Then Adam stole another horse. A horse walks 50 miles-per-day. O! Adam didn’t go to South Carolina border asking to work on a tobacco plantation. I was wrong. So, he traveled further into the present day U.S. State of South Carolina to the present day city of Charlestown.” She checked the date again and then frowned. “That calendar date does not match my mathematical calculations. That’s so strange. O! Adam went further than the South Carolina border passing all the tobacco fields and entered the royal Colony of Charles Town working as a rice patty…naw…daddy.” She laughed with an evil tone.
The grains of rice are grown both using inland fresh water swamps within the coastal counties and along the principal tidal rivers. An operational and profitable rice plantation resides along the Savannah, the Ogeechee, the Altamaha or the Satilla Rivers.
A wet rice crop is both demanding and dangerous due to the high mortality death rates in the mosquito-infested swamps of the Low County. The swampland has to be drained, cleared, and leveled for an agricultural crop of rice.
For tidal river cultivation of rice, an irrigation system is constructed using levees, ditches, culverts, flood gates, and drains and then it is maintained to control and regulate the flow of water coming on and then off the rice fields.
Next, the production stage beings.
After the rice is sewn, the fields are flooded during the growing season. Once the waters are drawn off the field, hoeing is performed. Once the rice stalks are mature, the crop is harvested, processed, and prepared for commercial market and then transported by wagons and horses to the trade exchange warehouses in the local town and sold and sent throughout the world.
A rice plantation employs planters, stewards, and overseers for the managerial functions handing all the laborers and horses. And a small number of white-colored planters grow rice crops too.
This entire process requires massive amounts of human and horse labor, monies, land resources and human energy for one annual rice crop without a man-made machine.

Magritte exhaled with a string of sour breathes and then whispered, “What’s the land distance between Bath and Charles Town?” She searched the internet information on her phone.

The land distance between the small colonial town of Bath within present day U.S. State of North Carolina and the royal Colony of Charles Town, within present day South Carolina, is 258 miles or 5 hours and 28 minutes by modern day automobile. If Adam rides by stolen horse at 50 miles per day, he arrives on September 22nd. If he walks by foot at 10 miles per day, then Adam arrives on October 15th.

Magritte gasped in shock. “That’s not the correct calendar date either. How can that not be? So, that means that Adam did not ride or walk to Charles Town. He walks or rides further than Charles Town. What ancient town is far away from Charles Town in the year 1752?” She gasped in alarm. “He walked to the non-royal Colony of Savannah.”

The land distance between the colonial town of Bath, within North Carolina to the Colony of Savannah, within the present day U.S. State of Georgia is 341 miles or six hours and four minutes by a modern day automobile. If Adam leaves the town of Bath on September 18th, then he arrives by a stolen horse on September 26th. If he covers 10 miles per day by foot, then Adam arrives on October 23rd.

Magritte checked the digital calendar date, again and then gasped in shock. She exclaimed, “What! I’m totally wrong. Adam walked to the shoreline of Sea Island within present day U.S. State of Georgia like his brother Clement. But how did he know to do that?”

The land distance between the small colonial town of Bath, within the U.S. State of North Carolina and the one of the fifteen barrier islands, Sea Island, within the U.S. State of Georgia is 395 miles or 7 hours and 20 minutes by a modern day automobile. If Adam rode by horse, traveling 50 miles per day, then he will arrive on September 7th. If he walks by foot covering 10 miles per day, then he arrives at Sea Island on October 27th Thursday.
His older brother Clement writes not, but his three older sisters write numerous lovely letters detailing their shared island paradise in Georgia settlement. So, there is a new place for Adam.
He turns with a smile and shades his two eyeballs from the bright sunlight facing the south leading through the wild unknown and unfamiliar land territories of South Carolina, but he has hope at the age of 46 years old for a new start. He whistles for the dogs and stomps ahead without burying his three family members. The nasty maggots, flies, fleas, and worms have invaded their dead bodies eating away the rest of the dead materials. His loving wife, his beautiful infant daughter, and lovely first born child are angles in heaven. He did not attend church services like his wife wanted as he was busy working coins paying for shelter, food, and clothing items. To him, the three bio-shells of bones and flesh are rotting matter here on Planet Earth. The hungry wild animals can consume the dead bodies and then local farmer of the lands can bury the remains of the three bodies before he clears his lands for future crops.

Magritte gasped in shock and shouted out loud, “His older brother’s place of residence which is 395 miles from the rural township of Bath! That man is 46 years old and walked 395 miles arriving on November, the fourth. It took him 51 days averaging 07.74 miles per day. What! I’m totally shocked and I’m totally wrong. And I’m wasted all of my time searching tobacco farming in rice paddle fields in the U.S. of South Carolina.”

Adam Samuel Smith leaves his heart and his damaged home city toting a bag of food and a handful of cash on a borrowed…naw…stolen horse traveling first and then arriving on a pair of naked feet, on November, the fourth, a Tuesday afternoon. He was robbed by two bold Native American Indian braves and then surrendered both his horse and his pack of canine dogs in exchange for his life force.
Adam smiles at the natural beauty of the golden colored sand dunes, the sweeping coastal landscapes, the familiar swooshing sounds from the gently ocean waters, and the abundant of wildlife, after stepping his naked foot into a wet pile of animal shit. He admires the secluded, almost isolated world of Sea Island.
He could not write a letter announcing his upcoming arrival but halts in front of the cold barrel on an occupied musket, wearing a smile, nodding to his blood-related niece for the first time. Of course, Adam Samuel Smith is welcomed into the Sea Island clan meeting his new relatives, not enjoying the modern day leisurely and pleasurable daytime activities of bird-watching, kayaking, hiking, or bicycling but working the same patch of farmland for vegetable production, planting a small orchard of fruit trees, corralling the cows into pasture or rounding them up for slaughter, creating beef products, and building cottages for humans, fishing for fresh seafood, sometimes swimming at the beach salty waters, if not sleeping from the heavy activities from dawn to midnight.
There at the Sea Island homestead of his older brother Clement Samuel Smith, Adam meets all his extended and unknown Smith family members. Adam is closer to the youngest brother.
Clement’s family tree has grown with twelve rambling and fighting grandson toddlers and two adult daughters and one son, and three arrogant French spouses. Each is French native possesses a tall, slender body with lean muscles, without fat cells, ahead of blonde tinted long curls, a pair of either blue or green or gray eyeballs, and all are fair-skinned but slightly red-tinted from the harsh sunrays on the coastal sea island.
Adam laughs hearing the first names from each curious tiny grandson consisting of Pierre-Luc, Jean-Jacques, and Jean-Henri as a French married couple assigns each biological child with a set of four or five names beginning with the favored Earthly saint of the birth name or named after their biological French dad. The other three names repeat from the other brothers and sisters, in a nonsensical sequence, until you reach a unique proper name, which is used by the parents and all their family members.
Each one of his young, cute grand-nieces and nephew wear a pair of tan colored shorts. The lower body garment covers only the waistline, the two butt cheeks and the hips ending the hemline a few inches above both of the naked knee caps, exposing a pair of naked legs. They all present a pair of dirty feet, a set of both dirty fingernails and toenails and a head of messy hair.
Adam laughs and points at the new garment, “What’s the name of these funny shorter pants, Clement?”
Clement laughs and slaps his covered chest nodding with a smile. “I invented them and call them the Island shorts.” They both laugh and then turn walking towards the homestead.
On Sea Island, the sands are smooth, and the weather is warmer. The natives dance, eat, and work in funny looking clothes. Each horse rider wears a pair of gauchos, a loose-fitting skirt-like pants ending just below the kneecap hemline which is always paired with leather boots. If you have not ridden a pleasure steed, its horse hair is both itchy and itchy sticking to the human skin like glue.
The children of Sea Island play, eat, and sleep in the Island shorts plus a soft sleeveless short for a female and a bare chest for a male.
In the year 1914, the first pair of Bermuda shorts will be used and introduced by the British bankers in the county of Bermuda, when cloth and clothes were in shortage during the World War One. The clothes tailor was handed fabric for one pair of pants and then created two pairs of shorts. The banker provided a pair of gray socks for each male, thus creating the Bermuda shorts trend. The popular Bermuda shorts style comes complete with a pair with high socks, dress shirts, neck ties, and short jackets as a school uniform for a child.
At the dinner table and during a nice social event with the family members, some of the female enjoy wearing a capri pants. The pants fit at mid-calf and expose their naked feet. Years from now, the first pair of colorful capri pants will be introduced to the world, in the year 1948. 
During clam digging on the sandy beaches, each worker wears a shortened pair of capri pants ending just below the two naked kneecaps. Clement called his new garment creation, the Clam Kickers. The new pants concept of the knickerbockers was introduced in the year 1831 for the rest of the earthlings.
In the Colonial American year 1753, on August 10th, Adam meets, marries and then mates with a Creek Indian squaw named Talla Dawn producing an infant son in the year 1760. Adam is 52 years old. 
Magritte softly giggled then commented, “That horse ride took the bounce outta his sails!” She started to softly giggle without the two acute eardrums on her nosy chauffeur driver overhearing her private reading session.



Five feet, eleven inches tall. Athletic body frame. Blonde-haired. Blue-eyed. Fair-skinned.
Fenna Jannetie Smith Lemms.

Born in the year 1683 to Nicholaas Samuel Smith and Hannah Bataan Bruna, in the New Amsterdam Colony, within present day U.S. State of New York.

Worked at the age of 12 years old, in the year 1695, worked as a translator from her home in her father’s translation service for foreign languages.

Married in the year 1698, at the age of 15 years to Dutch teenager 17 years old Egbert Sem Lemms.

Birthed in the year 1699, at the age of 16 years old, first child, a daughter Fenna Faye Lemms.

In the year 1701, at the age of 18 years, she birthed a second child, a son.

In the year 1705, at the age of 22 years old, she moved with her husband, children, and other family members from New York City to the present day city of Bath, within the present day U.S. State of North Carolina. She started working for the local naval store as a language linguist translating legal documents in English, Spanish, French, Germany and Native American languages.

In the year 1708, she met her new baby brother named Adam Samuel Smith.

In the year 1709, at the age of 25, she birthed a third child, a son.

In the year 1712, at the age of 29, she birthed a fourth child, a son.

In the year 1713, her first born daughter married her boyfriend and then she became a mother-in-law for the first time.

In the year 1714, she became a grandmother for the first time.

In the year 1715, at the age of 32 year old, she birthed a fifth child, a daughter.

In the year 1731, in the month of December, at the age of 48 years, all of her grandchildren died from an outbreak of smallpox living only her children.

In the year 1732, in the month of January, on the 2nd day, at the age of 48 years old, she traveled by foot with her husband, adult children, brothers, and sisters, and nephews and nieces from the city of Bath to the new Colony of Savannah, within the present day U.S. State of Georgia. She worked as a foreign language translator with her brother Clement and sister Clementine.

In the year 1733, at the age of 50 years, she moved with her family to Sea Island and worked on the cowgirl farmer with her adult children.

In the year 1751, at the age of 68  years old, she buried her loving devoted husband of 53 years, in a deep, dark, dirt hole, in the middle of the cow pasture, covered with dirt without a grave marker for security purposes while the maggots, fleas, ticks, and worms consume the flesh, bones, blood proteins, and organs.

In the year 1756, at the age of 73 years old, she died on December 29th, on Sea Island passing into heaven seeing her deceased husband and her first set of deceased grandchildren and was survived by her five adult children, thirteen adult grandchildren, and six great-grandchildren, all her brothers, sisters, and brothers-in-law, sisters-in-law, nephews, nieces, grand-nephews, grand-nieces and great-grand nephews and nieces.

The next day, her dead body was buried in a deep, dark, dirt hole, in the middle of the cow pasture, covered with dirt without a grave marker for security purposes while the maggots, fleas, ticks, and worms consume the flesh, bones, blood proteins, and organs.


In the American year of 1772, from August 31st to September 3rd, a terrible thunderstorm blew water from Mobile Bay over the city streets and buildings of Mobile, Alabama. All the small and large sea vessels were tossed and then stranded in the center of the town. 



Magritte smiled, “The American year of 1775…”

Clement Samuel Smith dies from natural old age at 80 years old.

She gasped in shock, “Geez, Louie! Ace’s true bloodline kinfolks do live a long, long time on Planet Earth before ascending into the heavenly realm. I must be very careful around Ace as he will not live a long, long time and might not like it,” she laughed with an evil tone and then viewed the tiny screen on her personal mobile telephone.


Six feet, four inches tall. Athletic body frame. Blonde-haired. Blue-eyed. Pale-skinned.

Clement Samuel Smith.

Born in the year 1696 in New York City to Nicholaas Samuel Smith and Hannah Batana Bruna.

Moved in the year 1705, at the age of 11 years with his family members from New York City to the new English colony of Bath, within present day U.S. North Carolina.

Worked at the age of 11 years old in the local naval store he hauled heavy items to/from sea ships.

Fought as a non-permanent but paid soldier, at the age of 15 years old in Cary’s Rebellion, in the year 1711.

Fought as a non-permanent but paid soldier, at the age of 16 years old, in the Tuscarora War, in the year 1712.

Married in the year 1714, at the age of 17 years old, in the month of May, as a groom to bride, French mademoiselle, 14 years old, slender tall body frame, blonde-haired, green-eyed, fair-skinned Marie-Anna Roselia Francoise Bernard. She was birthed in 1700.

Fought as a non-permanent but paid soldier, at the age of 20 years old, in the Yamassee War, in the year 1715.

The Yamassee War ended in the month of October, in the year 1717.

Managed at the age of 22 years old, in the month of November, in the year 1717, at the local pig farm as manager and translator of foreign languages with the farm workers.

Married at the age of 23 years old, in the month of May, as a groom to bride, French mademoiselle, 18 years old, slender tall body frame, blonde-haired, green-eyed, fair-skinned Marie-Anna Roselia Francoise Bernard. 

Produced in the year 1719, at the age of 23 years, first child, a daughter, who possessed blonde hair, green eyes, and fair skin named Marie-Jeanna Emilie Claudine Roselia Smith.

Produced in the year 1722, at the age of 26 years, second child, a daughter, who possessed blonde hair, blue eyes, and fair skin named Marie-Josephine Theresa Roselia Smith.

Produced in the year 1726, at the age of 26 years, third child, a son, who possessed blonde hair, gray eyes, and fair skin named Jean-Jacques Clement Luc Samuel Smith.

Moved, in the year 1732, at the age of 36 years old, to the new Colony of Savannah, within the U.S. State of Georgia, and paid by English nobleman General James Oglethorpe as a foreign language translator for the European settlers and a temporary battle soldier.

Met English lady and Indian native Mrs. Mary Musgrove at the Colony of Savannah, the superstar foreign language translator working for James with the Native American Indian Nations.

Moved to Sea Island, in the year 1733, at the age of 37 years old as a free gift from James raising cows, corn, and crops plus bottles of cold homemade beer.

In the year 1735, at the age of 39 years, his first daughter married her boyfriend French native Pierre-Luc.

In the year 1736, at the age of 40 years, his second daughter married her boyfriend French native Jean-Henri. He also met his first grandson named Pierre-Luc Jose from his first daughter.

In the year 1737, he met his second grandson.

In the year 1738, he met his third grandson.

In the year 1739, he met his first granddaughter.

In the year 1740, he met his second granddaughter.

Fought in the Battle of Bloody Marsh, at the age of 42, as a paid soldier, in the year 1741 and welcomed his fourth grandson.

In the year 1742, he waved farewell to Englishman James Oglethorpe leave the New World and welcomed his third granddaughter.

In the year 1743, he welcomed his fifth grandson.

In the year 1744, he welcomed his sixth grandson.

In the year 1745, he welcomed his seventh grandson.

In the year 1746, he welcomed his fourth granddaughter.

In the year 1748, at the age of he welcomed his eighth grandson.

Welcomed, at the age of 56 years old, in the year 1752, his youngest brother Adam Samuel Smith arrived at Sea Island.

Handed in the year 1753, at the age of 57 years old, the Sea Island business operations of cows and beer to his youngest brother Adam.

Welcome, in the year 1760, at the age of 64 years old, a newborn nephew named Adam Samuel Smith, Junior.

In the year 1774, he held her wrinkled hand, representing 60 years of married bliss, before his 74 years old wife Rosie died. Her soul peacefully ascended into the heavenly realm. Her dead body was buried in a deep, dark, dirt hole, in the middle of the cow pasture, without a grave marker, for security reasons, as her dead body of flesh, bones, blood proteins, and organs were slowly eaten by maggots, fleas, and worms. 

In the year 1775, at the age of 80 years old, he died from natural causes and his body was buried by his loving family members, in the invisible, unknown six foot ditch of sand and dirt, in the middle of the cow pasture, without a grave marker for security purposes as his dead body of flesh, bones, blood proteins, and organs were slowly eaten by maggots, fleas, and worms.


Magritte whispered. “The American year of 1776…”

The American Revolutionary War begins in the month of July.
On Sea Island, the Clement family members total 100 individuals. All the 40 teenagers, young, and middle-aged sons and fathers go to war for their American rights and freedoms leaving a population of mostly women numbering 60.
From the years 1776 to 1783, the Native American Cherokee Indians fought and killed all the newly named American patriots. The Native American Cherokee Indians joined up with the British Red Coats, the Loyalist British colonists, and the King’s Carolina Ranger patrols against all the rebellious American patriots, who only wanted to keep their lands, their homes, and their new social, cultural and financial freedoms. The Cherokee Indians possessed an evil internal motive wanting to decimate the other Native American Indian tribes while controlling the entire Indian Nations.
However, the American patriots have their own internal plans also.
The first American patriot’s plan of action, within British royal colony of Charles Town, they capture the home of the Cherokee Indian representative, who is both mixed English and a loyalist to the Crown. The Indian flees to St. Augustine for body protection.
Within the colonies of Georgia, the American patriots’ assault both the single Cherokee Indian representative and a group of British Loyalist colonists, then tie them to a tree, roast their tied bodies in a blazing fire, and brutally scalp most of them. Then they tar and feather all the dead bodies. The Cherokee Indian representative flees the site wearing numerous scarred burns heading to Spanish fort named St. Augustine for his bodily protection.
The second American patriot plan from the colonies of North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia and Georgia swiftly attack and destroy all the Indian plantations, burned the houses and food stores, destroyed all the fruit orchards, slaughtered the livestock, and killed some of the Indians. They sold the captured Indians into slavery in the Caribbean Islands to the British rice and sugar plantations.
In order to preserve peace and lives on the frontier, in the year 1771, the Treaty of Dewitt ceded more fertile and forests from the Indians lands to the new American patriots, but the Cherokee braves continued to war with all the patriots killing settlers, burning houses, and stealing goods.
However, on the date of December 29th, in the year 1778, the defeated and embarrassed British Red Coats shifted their battle strategy including all the additional loyalist British colonists plus an army of loyal Indian tribes capturing the town of Savannah. 


Magritte whispered, “In the American year 1779…”
In the southern region of the present day U.S. State of Alabama, a cold winter came. The ground did not thaw from the date of November.
The American Revolutionary War continues killing numerous devoted American patriots, nasty British loyalists, crazy Native American Indians and paid Frenchmen.
On February 22nd, Adam Samuel Smith, Junior, is 19 years old.
On February 14th, at a mature age of 18 years old, during the American Revolutionary War between British Red Coats plus a band of crazy Native American Indians against all the braver and bolder American patriots plus the seasoned and experienced Frenchmen, at the Battle of Kettle Creek, Adam receives the nickname of Attila, after the infamous, famous, murderous Chinese warlord Attila, the Hun. Adam/Attila killed most of the British Loyalists helping win the battle fight with his fellow soldiers. Dashing around all the dead bodies, like a fool, he stomps one. The Red Coat is not permanently dead but mortally wounded then swiftly sits upright at his fitted waistline, aiming his musket pistol, firing at the back spine on Adam/Attila. The musket ball grazes the right-sided ear point on the teenager. Adam/Attila hears the loud sound, feels the streaming heated blood proteins, and then halts spinning around to view the semi-dead British soldier, holding his bloody ear. He gasps in alarm then quickly first his musket pistol killing the man.
Magritte frowned, “O brother! He’s an asshole just like his great, great, great, great, great, great grandson Ace,” she frowned at the new nickname. “So, that’s where Ace and his blood relatives had gotten that unique and out-of-time proper name of Attila. I always wondered about that concept. Now, I know!” She chuckled with amusement.

The Battle of Kettle Creek is a minor encounter between the British Red Coats and the British Loyalists against the American Rebels occurring within the backwoods of the Georgia forests, eight miles south from the town of Washington, Georgia. The rebels rally the fight killing 70 Loyalist, capturing 75 British prisoners, and finally win the battle fight scattering both the Red Coats and British Loyalists away from British-controlled town of Augusta. However, 32 men die that day too.
However, Attila is wounded. His military officer releases newly self-named Attila/Adam from all his fighting duties and sends the growing teenager back home to his home family members for rest, recovery, and relaxation in the coastal island paradise of Georgia.
She frowned, “Hmm! Attila resides on the Sea Island on the coastline of Georgia. How long does it take for him to ride a horse from eight miles south of Washington to the Georgia coastline? Washington Georgia is 222 miles away minus eight miles, of course…naw…off course. Driving an automobile, the smooth pavement care ride is three hours and 30 minutes. But Adam ride by horse, of course. A horse can travel up to 50 miles per day at a bristle walk with a few water breaks and some cooling-down time periods. So, Attila rides his borrowed or owned or stolen horse 50 miles the first day; 50 miles the second day; 50 miles the third day; 50 miles the fourth day, and then 22 miles the last day arriving back onto the wet sandy soils of Sea Island, in the late afternoon on the fifth day of riding. He gets there, before his father dies of old age, in the year 1779.” She softly clapped with her evil mind and loudly laughed out loud with an evil tone.

Adam Samuel “Attila” Junior arrives home with a smile and is retired from the war fighting, showing off his battle wounded ear point, hugging his father and his mother with happiness. He resumes the life of cow herder and garden farmer along with his other surviving Smith blood-relatives. However, his happy smile turns into a sad frown learning of the permanent deaths of male soldiers within his family tree.
The war continues in other parts of American lands. In the early month of April, 300 Cherokee Indian warriors and 50 British loyalists, and King’s Carolina Rangers attacked numerous American settlements in the royal colonies of Georgia and South Carolina killing people, destroying crops, and stealing food, of course. On April 10th, a group of 1,000 Pioneer Frontiersmen raided and then destroyed numerous Indian towns in the present day two U.S. States of Tennessee and Alabama.
Magritte laughed, “O! I finally see the pattern or the truth. The American patriots had won back all the northern royal colonies from the British Red Coast and the Crown. But British Crown supplied weapons to the Indian tribes, who continued to fight against the Pioneers, who were also American patriots living in the back woods.”

In the summertime, an army of 300 Indians and British loyalists joined together marching through the backcountry of Georgia and South Carolina killing innocent patriots, burning their homesteads.
In the month of October, the American patriots raided and then burned down the food stores within numerous Indian camps while seeking revenge and making the Indians madder. Some bold and brave diplomatic person should have stepped in and offered some method of peace here for both parties but alas not.


Magritte softly said, “The American year of 1780…”
In the southern region of the present day U.S. State of Alabama, a cold winter came. The ground soil did not thaw from the dates of November 15th, 1779 to February 15th, 1780, with constant drifting snowflakes. The domestic fowl and wild turkeys froze to death. Deer species camped around the cabins of the settlers.
An outbreak of smallpox disease invades both the British Red Coats, the American patriots, colonists, and solders. On Sea Island, Clement is immune not his grandchildren leaving 20 individuals including his younger brother Adam, his nephew Attila, and his sister-in-law Talla Dawn.
The American Revolutionary War still ravages and rages onward.
In the month of April, a settlement with 500 colonies build Fort Jefferson for body protection and a safe home for their comfort. On June 7th, of course, the Indian parties attack and kill and war with the colonists, until the date of January 11th in the year 1781.
On May 12th, in the year 1780, in Charles Town, 3,000 American patriots were taken prisoners by the British forces with the aid of the Indians, of course. Then an outbreak of smallpox ravaged the people killing many of the Indian warriors.
In the summer, the American patriots stuck back and defeated both the Indian warriors and the King’s Carolina Rangers.
Magritte frowned, “Woe! Every American patriot must have carried a gun, a knife, a club, a dagger, and the entire set of steak knives.”

In October, a group of 900 Pioneer frontiersmen defeat 700 Native American Indians and English King’s Carolina’s Rangers. The American Revolutionary War is a never ending event for the fighting American patriots.
On December 16th, Nancy Ward, who is a mixed-blood Cherokee squaw receiving and then providing shared information, betrays her own Cherokee Indian tribes, where 700 Virginia and North Carolina American patriots win the day, after attacking and terminating the dangerous Indian raid.
On January, the first, in the year 1781, the American Revolutionary War contained without stopping. I feel sorry for all these American colonists, who are already fighting against starvation, taxes, neighbors, the Indians, the loyalists, and all the squirrels, wild rabbits, and raccoons robbing their vegetables from their beautiful gardens for food.
The American patriots continue to win the small battles, but the Indians warring parties did not stop and still harassed the American colonists.
In the summertime months of July and August, 150 American patriots attacked and then raided numerous Indian Creek camps. The Indians retaliated and started harassing all the new and old colonists again. The American patriots reacted and then started to attack destroying more Indian towns.
On April 2nd, the largest Indian campaign in the present day U.S. State of Tennessee occurred killing settlers, burning homes, slaughtering livestock that the settler left the site and did not return until the year 1785.

One strike for the Indians!

In the year 1782, it’s still going on, folks! In the month of March, a diplomatic visit of numerous Indian clans seeking arms and assistance from the Spanish Crown is held in St. Augustine for fighting against the settlers with the continuous and on-going and partially non-stoppable conflict with the American patriots. And the meeting is successful. The patriots from the present day U.S. States consisting of Alabama, Tennessee, Mississippi, Kentucky, and Missouri continue the American Revolutionary War fighting against the Indian Nations, some British Loyalists, a group of runaway slaves, and all the devoted Spanish, French, Irish, and German colonists.
Magritte frowned, “My word! History is repeating itself. That statement can be quoted today in the 21st Century here in the USA too.”
In the summer of 1782, the Nation of Indians surrenders and cedes more Indian lands and then shuffles westward away from the farmlands for the new American patriots.
In September, the American patriots invades and destroys 13 Indian camp sites taking prisoners. The British Loyalists escape from the patriots. History proves foolish again!
In November, a warring party of 70 Indian braves, British Loyalists, and King’s Carolina Rangers started attacking the backwoods homesteads and killing the pioneer settlers again.


Magritte spoke softly, “The American year of 1783…”

In the southern region of the United States of America, in the months of July and August, winter warm clothes were worn. A white frost covered the ground soil in the month of September.
The American Revolutionary War ends.
The war changes the social, civil, and economic relationships between the Indian Nations and the new American patriots. The deer population has dramatically shrunk murdering or running off the massive herds into the safer, wilder wilderness in the present day three U.S. States of Tennessee, Alabama and Mississippi casting the deerskin trade into economic collapse.
The new Georgia planters desire all the fertile and cleared Indian lands and then urge the Indian clans to come as a slave rather than a work partner or an independent farmer.
The newly created United States of American government officials offers to train the Indian clans as farmers and ranchers but the Indian clans refuse. They seek, serve and service with the New Spain colonies in the U.S. State of Florida against the newly formed American government and devoted American patriots.
Magritte laughed, “No shit, Sherlock! What else is new here for the Indian Nations? The Indians beg for weapons and then kill as many Americans as possible without bloodshed coming from the English soldiers or the Spanish conquistadores, only from first true and transplanted American peoples.

Attila becomes plagued with a minor throbbing headache from his battle wound. His wise father seeks out the local Medicine Man from a local Native American Creek Indian tribe living inland from Sea Island and the Atlantic Ocean. The Indian magic…medicine relieves Attila of both his aches and pains for one year.


Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1784…”

During the annual Medicine Man’s treatment, Adam Samuel “Attila” Smith visits the same Native American Indian tribe and learns the fate of one of their clan members, who accidentally left the campsite and was captured by a band of bounty hunters for one of the local cotton plantation owners.
Attila becomes very curious and visits the cotton plantation for a social call with his friendly white colored neighbors and spots the Indian squaw, who works in the flower garden.
Later that night, he and his older nephews organize as a band of kidnappers, sneak out from their paradise island, and rescues the Indian squaw. A few months later, he and her fall in love and he marries Suzanne Sunshine. She is a Native American Creek Indian, who was enslaved as a child by an evil Indian brave and then transplanted and finally planted at a cotton plantation working indoors as a maid.


Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1786…”

Between the months of November and December, the Indian clans attacked the British colony of Detroit located in the present day U.S. State of Tennessee killing Americans, acquiring numerous trophy scalps.
In the American year of 1787, in the early cold months of winter, the American settlers were harassing the Indian camps again. The Indian refuges started to invade the other Indian towns looking for free food and war shelter.

“No sharing! Be kind!” Magritte laughed.

In the later months of the summertime period, the Indian Nations finally surrendered to the United States of America government living peacefully with the American towns and new Americans staking a claim in Memphis, within the present day U.S. of Tennessee.
In the American year of 1788, in the month of May, Indian braves attacked and scalped 11 settlers. Then the Indian part killed or captured the American settlers selling them as slaves. One captured young American girl went to Indian leader Alex McGillivray.
In the month of June, the American settlers attacked back and killed numbers of Indian braves in the Indian camps. A band of 500 Indian braves were outraged as usual and then attacked in the month of August a set of American settlements. The Americans slaughtered all the Indians.
In the month of September, an army of 3,000 Cherokee warriors attacked the American fort, captured the American settlers, stormed the stockage and then stole al the ammunition. The Indians killed the men and captured the women and children. The United States American Army arrived, fought against the Indians and eventually won back the captives and the day.
In the American year 1789, on March 2nd, the Indian Nations did not trust the American government or the Spanish Crow pleading to the British Crown for aid and supplies. None, of course, came.
On the date of May 25th, the Indians never showed up to sign the peace treaty with the newly formed United States of America.
Between the winter months of November and December, the Indian clans attacked the British colony of Detroit located in the present day U.S. State of Tennessee killing Americans, acquiring numerous trophy scalps.


Magritte smiled, “The American year of 1790…”

The Native American Indian tribes and their clan members refuse to work as a pod of free slaves or as a gang of new government-owned crop farmers or cow ranches. Tensions fly from heated words and thus creates another civil war on American lands, in the year 1813. Then the United States Militia army consisting of paid and non-paid soldiers is called into the battle field with weapons. The army leaders bully all the Indian clans resulting in cease of warring parties and battle fights and then an additional cession of more Indian homelands and farm properties.
At the Treaty of New York, Indian leader Alex McGillivray cedes more fertile farmland acres within the Native American Indian lands and then he signs a peace agreement with newly formed United States of America government for both peace and harmony among the natives and the settlers. But both the Americans and the Indians become mad at the agreement and start the warring parties again against each other for all the land rights, American freedoms, and abundant hunting grounds for food.
In the month of August, on the 4th day, of the year 1790, United States of America Secretary of Treasury Alexander Hamilton creates the United States Revenue Cutter Service to serve as an armed enforcement escort service, using a new fleet of cutter boats, protecting for all maritime merchant sea ships coming and leaving the harbors, ports, and waters of the American shoreline.
After finally ending the American Revolutionary War, the newly formed United States of America government still exists with heavy monetary financial debt to the country of France, lacks the massive resources to raise cash monies quickly, and decides to collect financial tariffs (taxes) coming from all imported goods, on every import sea ship entering an American harbor.
A cutter is a sea vessel of a small or medium-sized sailing boat, built for speed and agility with one mast located in the center of the ship. For the United States Revenue Cutter Service, the cost of each cutter averaged 1,500 U.S. dollars. The fleet of newly constructed United States of American cutter ships are assigned patrolling, halting, and then collecting tariffs at the sea coasts along the numerous U.S. States consisting of Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New York, Delaware, North Carolina, and Georgia.
In additional of the United States of America Congress creating and approval of the new cutter program, each cutter is manned by a master, who earns $30-per-month, a first mate, who earns $20-per-month; a second mate, who is paid $18.00-per-month; a third mate, who receives $14.00-per-month, $8.00-per-month for four mariners, and $4.00-per-month for two cabin boys. The master of each cutter has the authority to seize vessels and goods in case of a breach of the United States Revenue Cutter laws, inspect each ship, and ensure the exported cargo does not violate the same U.S. revenue laws.
The individual titles within the United States Revenue Cutter service are not equal to the United States Navy military service branch. A Third Lieutenant equals a Navy Ensign. A Second Lieutenant equal a Navy Lieutenant Junior Grade. A First Lieutenant is the same as a Navy Lieutenant. The Captain equals a Lieutenant Commander. A Senior Captain equals a Navy Commander. The Captain-Commandant is the same as a Navy Captain.
Magritte frowned, “Wow! That’s all really confusing. I wonder what Coast Guard rank Ace holds. I’ve never inquired as I don’t wanna know. I only wanna know. what I wanna know.” She chuckled with silliness. “Okay! We have the place, the people, the pay, and the patrol. Let the party begin, ya’ll!” She laughed at her silly joke and silently scanned the internet article.

A United States Revenue Services cutter is used to save a party of whale hunters, in the year 1789.


Magritte whispered. “The American year of 1779…”

In the early month of April, a fighting party of 300 Cherokee Indian warriors, 50 British loyalists, and King’s Carolina Rangers attacks numerous American settlements in the royal colonies of Georgia and South Carolina killing people, destroying crops, and stealing food, of course.
On April 10th, a group of 1,000 pioneer living in the new Frontier raids and then destroys numerous Indian towns in the present two U.S. States of both Tennessee and Alabama. The American patriots wins back all the northern royal colonies from the British Red Coast and the Crown. But British Crown supplies weapons to the Indian tribes, who continue to fight against the American pioneers, who are the American patriots living in the backwoods beyond the northern and western border of U.S. States Georgia and South Carolina.
Adam Samuel Smith, the fourth is 19 years old, in the year 1779, during the American Revolutionary War between the country of Great Britain. At the Battle of Keller Creek, he receives the nickname of Attila coming from the Chinese war lord Attila, the Hun.
“O brother!” Magritte frowned at the new nickname. “So, that’s where Ace and his recent band of nasty blood relatives get the surly, silly middle name. I wondered about that silly naming convention. Now, I know!” She chuckled. “How long did I take Adam Samuel Smith, Junior to ride his horse from the town of Washington to his coastal sea islands home with a distance of 222 miles? He rode by horse, of course. A horse can travel up to 50 miles per day at a bristle walk with a few water breaks and some cooling-down timer periods. So, Adam rode his horse 50 miles the first day; 50 miles the second day; 50 miles the third day; 50 miles the fourth day, and then 22 miles the last day arriving back in his home Sea Island in the afternoon on the fifth day, before his father died of old age. I knew it! I feel it! I see it! I taste it! I know my American Colonial History.” She laughed with an evil grin.


Magritte spoke softly, “The American year of 1780…”
In the year 1780, a smallpox outbreak hits the American colonies.
She continued to read the new information out loud for her eardrums only, “On Sea Island, out of 100 healthy individuals, eighteen victims succumb to the deadly disease and then die getting mysterious buried, not in a private island cemetery, but down in a deep, dark, dirt hole. Now, that’s the way to do it! Uh huh! Uh huh! No crazy long funeral parade! No smelly funeral hall. No dead body viewing! No flowers, coins, or sobs of sorrow! I bet all Sea Island rodents, maggots, worms, flies, and fleas are fatter than all the beef cows!” The southern belle laughed with delight.
From the Colonial American years of 1783 to 1794, the Cherokee Indians serve, service and servant to all the New Spain Colonies, within the present day four U.S. States of Alabama, Tennessee, Mississippi, and Missouri while fighting against both all the American patriots and all the Pioneer frontiers comprising both young and older men and women.
During the start, in the duration, and towards the end of the American Revolutionary War, many of the Native American Indian towns were destroyed by the anger fighting American patriots. The English governors confiscated large tracts of the destroyed Indian camps and then provided new farmland property to the successful American patriots and their growing families.
The buck and doe deerskin trade has collapsed for the Indian Nations, due to overharvesting within the natural wildlife herds of white-tailed deer species. So, the New American government introduces both pigs and cattle raising method replacing the salted deer meat product. The new American Government hands the Indian tribes a spinning wheel for ginning cotton bolls and sacks of cotton seeds planting the soil, growing and then harvesting cotton crops, where the finished product went back to England. The new American Government viewed the Indian tribe members as a form of free labor cultivating more cotton bales going to England.
The new American Government also taught the Indians the farm concept, fencing work to pen all the domestic livestock, instead of an open range concept plus the idea of plowing the fertile crop land for growing their foodstuffs. The female Indians did the farming chores within the Indian camp. The female Indians learned to weave baskets storing food items, instead of backing clay pottery too.
Eventually, each working Indian camp became a nicely formed cotton plantation with a blacksmith shop for farm tools and horse shoes, gristmills for wooden limber and fields of cotton bolls that the Indians maintained in exchange for English shillings.
Magritte laughed and slapped her chest with a manicured hand, “American Founding Father Benjamin Franklin is responsible for this nasty action against all the Native American Indians. I know my American History, ya’ll!”

In the month of January of the year 1783, a delegation party of 1,200 Native American Cherokee Indians attends a secret meeting with the Spanish leaders and their conquistadors calling for more war battle to oppose the new land of American patriots. However, without support or supplies, through the fall season of the same year, the Indian tribes did not halt the annoying harassment on American settlements or the American patriots and never stopped their war raiding parties on the American towns either.
On the date of May 30th, the Indian war plans with the Spanish soldiers became overruled, when the other Indian tribes signed the Treaty of Paris with the newly formed United States of America government officials.

Magritte smiled, “I love learning more about the ancient and old American History,” she giggled with silliness. “I should have become an American History professor at the local college but nicely married wealthy at the local city instead.”

On the date of September 3rd, the Treaty of Paris formally concludes the American Revolutionary War with both the British Crown and the Indian Nations. Then new patriots start the establishment of new settlements and towns quickly invading the fertile and cleared farmlands within the American territories of Alabama, Tennessee, Mississippi and the new U.S. State of Georgia, in which they were dangerously facing more Indian deadly threats.
In the month of November, the Indian Nations sign the Treaty of Augusta ceding more Native American Indian lands to the new United States of America government. In both vicious revenge and vile retaliation, British and half-breed Indian leader, son of Scottish Highlander Lachine McGillivray, Alex sends a group of Indian braves burning down the homes of the cooperative Indians while raiding all the Georgia new and old settlements and towns.
In the American year of 1784, from the eastern to western Florida lands plus the Louisiana lands, British and half-breed Indian leader Alex McGillivray along with the Spanish Crown forged an alliance, on June 22nd, called the Treaty of Mobile, where the Indian tribes continued to receive arms, supplies, and resources continuing to harass their ass and attack all the American towns and frontier settlements.
In the month of May, in the year 1785, the Oconee War formed an alliance of the Indian tribes and Spanish conquistadores supporting and then attacking all the frontier American settlement.
In the month of October, the Indian tribes were provided with more monies and more supplies from the British Loyalists, who lived in the British colony of Detroit, within the present day U.S. State of Tennessee.
In the month of December, more Indian attacks occurred in the newly established U.S. State of Georgia American towns and Tennessee pioneer settlements.

Magritte hissed and shook her dirty curls, “The Spanish Crown does not give up, ya’ll! No wonder the poor Indians are disputed, despised, disheartened, discouraged, deflated, defeated and dispirited. They need to cast a wicked Indian chant and then viciously curse all the Spanish and English citizens today for the rest of their Earth lives, until their death day.” She laughed.

In the American year of 1786, both the Spanish conquistadors and Indian braves do not give up creating more fights and bloody bodies. During the month of March, the Spanish Crown again supports the Indian Nations in attacking more American settlements, within the two present day U.S. States of Tennessee and Kentucky.
On the date of August 3rd, the Treaty of Coyatee forces the cession of more Indians lands to the United States of America government while shoving all the surviving Indian males, females, teens, and children into the untamed, wild-ass unknown land territories of present day U.S. State of Oklahoma.
Magritte frowned, “Wow! This is such a terrible situation for the entire Native American Indian Nations.


Magritte smiled, “The American year of 1790…”

The Native American Indian tribes and their clan members refuse to work as a pod of free slaves or as a gang of new government-owned crop farmers or cow ranches. Tensions fly from heated words and thus creates another civil war on American lands, in the year 1813. Then the United States Militia army consisting of paid and non-paid soldiers is called into the battle field with weapons. The army leaders bully all the Indian clans resulting in cease of warring parties and battle fights and then an additional cession of more Indian homelands and farm properties.
At the Treaty of New York, Indian leader Alex McGillivray cedes more fertile farmland acres within the Native American Indian lands and then he signs a peace agreement with newly formed United States of America government for both peace and harmony among the natives and the settlers. But both the Americans and the Indians become mad at the agreement and start the warring parties again against each other for all the land rights, American freedoms, and abundant hunting grounds for food.
In the month of August, on the 4th day, of the year 1790, United States of America Secretary of Treasury Alexander Hamilton creates the United States Revenue Cutter Service to serve as an armed enforcement escort service, using a new fleet of cutter boats, protecting for all maritime merchant sea ships coming and leaving the harbors, ports, and waters of the American shoreline.
After finally ending the American Revolutionary War, the newly formed United States of America government still exists with heavy monetary financial debt to the country of France, lacks the massive resources to raise cash monies quickly, and decides to collect financial tariffs (taxes) coming from all imported goods, on every import sea ship entering an American harbor.
A cutter is a sea vessel of a small or medium-sized sailing boat, built for speed and agility with one mast located in the center of the ship. For the United States Revenue Cutter Service, the cost of each cutter averaged 1,500 U.S. dollars. The fleet of newly constructed United States of American cutter ships are assigned patrolling, halting, and then collecting tariffs at the sea coasts along the numerous U.S. States consisting of Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New York, Delaware, North Carolina, and Georgia.
In additional of the United States of America Congress creating and approval of the new cutter program, each cutter is manned by a master, who earns $30-per-month, a first mate, who earns $20-per-month; a second mate, who is paid $18.00-per-month; a third mate, who receives $14.00-per-month, $8.00-per-month for four mariners, and $4.00-per-month for two cabin boys. The master of each cutter has the authority to seize vessels and goods in case of a breach of the United States Revenue Cutter laws, inspect each ship, and ensure the exported cargo does not violate the same U.S. revenue laws.
The individual titles within the United States Revenue Cutter service are not equal to the United States Navy military service branch. A Third Lieutenant equals a Navy Ensign. A Second Lieutenant equal a Navy Lieutenant Junior Grade. A First Lieutenant is the same as a Navy Lieutenant. The Captain equals a Lieutenant Commander. A Senior Captain equals a Navy Commander. The Captain-Commandant is the same as a Navy Captain.

Magritte frowned, “Wow! That’s all really confusing. I wonder what Coast Guard rank Ace holds. I’ve never inquired as I don’t wanna know. I only wanna know. what I wanna know.” She chuckled with silliness. “Okay! We have the place, the people, the pay, and the patrol. Let the party begin, ya’ll!” She laughed at her silly joke and silently scanned the internet article.

In the year 1790, the population of 413 individuals occupies the chain of sea barrier islands comprising the named Sea Island, Saint Simons Island, and Jekyll Island, including the Clement Samuel Smith family members too.
Adam Samuel Smith dies in the town settlement of Bath, within the North Carolina Colony, without the knowledge of his other sons and daughters, who reside within the Colony of Savannah.



Six feet, two inches tall. Slender body frame. Blonde-haired. Blue-eyed. Fair-skinned.

Adam Samuel Smith.

Youngest child and son of Nicholaas Samuel Smith and Hannah Batana Beeks Smith, in the year 1706, in the non-royal colony of Bath within the Northern Carolina Colonies.

Worked in the year 1723, at the age of 15 years old as a naval clerk at the local naval store.

Buried his 75 year old father, who died of natural causes, in the year 1733, in Bath.

Buried his 70 year old mother, who died of natural causes, in the month of September, on the 11th day, in the year 1743, in Bath.

Moved from the city of Bath to the town of Johnston, on the New River inlet, in the year 1741, at the age of 32 years old, working in a new naval store.

Married at the age of 42, in the year 1750, and produced his first daughter.

Produced his second daughter, in the year 1751, at the age of 42.

On September 14th, the Great Hurricane of 1752 destroyed the city of Johnston on New River Inlet. Homeless and penniless, without his burying his three family members, stealing a horse, accepting canine companionship from two homeless dogs, at the age of 44 years old, he walked 488 miles from Johnston, North Carolina to Sea Island, Georgia.

In the month of October 29th, he arrived by bare feet on the sandy grains of Sea Island walking into the open arms of his loving brother and three sisters.

On December 29th, he witnessed the death and then burial of his older sister Fenna Maud Smith in the same year. She was buried in a deep, dark, dirt hole, in the middle of the cow pasture, without a grave marker for security purposes.

In the 1753, at the age of 45 years old, he witnessed the death and then burial of second oldest sister Johanna Willemina Smith along with her family members on Sea Island. She was buried in a deep, dark, dirt hole, in the middle of the cow pasture, without a grave marker for security purposes.

In the 1754, at the age of 46 years old, he received ownership of Sea Island and control of the bank accounts from his older brother Clement Samuel Smith defending and taking care of the Smith family members, the cows, and the sea island property.

In the year 1759, at the age of 51 years old, he married his second wife named Talla Dawn. She was 30 years old and an enslaved Indian maiden on the sea island cotton plantation. She original was birthed into the Lower Creek Indian tribe.

In the year 1760, at the age of 52 years old, he produced a newborn son named Adam Samuel Smith, Junior, in the month of February, on the 22nd day.

In the 1761, at the age of 53 years old, he received ownership of Sea Island and control of the bank accounts from the death of second oldest sister Johanna Willemina with her family members on Sea Island. She was buried in a deep, dark, dirt hole, in the middle of the cow pasture, without a grave marker for security purposes.

In the year 1774, at the age of 66 years old, he witnessed the death of his older brother Clement Samuel Smith with all the family members on Sea Island. He was buried in a deep, dark, dirt hole, in the middle of the cow pasture, without a grave marker for security purposes.

The American Revolutionary War began in the year 1776.

At the age of 71 years old, his slightly injured son American war hero Adam Junior returned from the war effort and started working with his healthy father on the Sea Island.

The American Revolutionary War ended in the year 1785.

In the year 1790, at the age of 84 years old, he died on the February 22nd, at Sea Island. He was not buried in a marked grave but tossed down into an empty hold in the middle of the cow pasture, and then covered in deep dirt allowing the insects to eat and then fertile the soil with his rotting bones, organs, blood, and flesh while keeping away the hissing snakes and the hunger alligators.


Present day, space, place, and time, inside the air-conditioned rear bench of the rear compartment, within the parked limousine, Magritte smiled, “What! So, it’s historically written! Well that brings this old cattail…fairy tale into its finally, final finale for old man Adam Samuel Smith, at the age of 84 years old. Now, let’s compare Adam’s life-time accomplishments to the one and only, great, not late, life-time accomplishments of one of the United States Constitution’s singers and signers, the Founding Father Benjamin Franklin. This comparation is going be very interesting with Loser Adam compared to Saint Ben. I’m only going to compare the listed years of an individual life force accomplishment, not the entire 84 years, because it’s easier on me. I just wished that I could share with Ace all the collected and lousy information from his line of asshole males. But I can’t as he will questions where I found the information and why I found the information and how I used the information for my evil money gains. Ace is so suspicious and spying of all my social, financial, mental, physical activities. I can feel his eyeballs on my back spine when I walk away from him. Well, if Ace starts into one of his hissy fits, then I’ll toss out one of my cleverly, newly collected tidbits about one of his ancient and dead family members. Then he’ll stopping harassing my ass and go and look up the new information verifying my claim,” she laughed. “My new task is so richly delicious and mentally rewarding,” she reached over and grabbed a new pink-tinted cake eating the sweet item, silently reading all the new information. “I will award a point system to all the events. One point of good and nice gets an angel touch! Awe! One point of bad and naughty gets an asshole strike. Then I’ll add all the mathematical points for an angel touch to determine the American Hero winner as both men are truly ancient and dead. The highest number of asshole strikes is the true loser asshole winner. But the winner will become Ben, my ancient American hero,” She softly giggled at her silly comparison chart.
Benjamin Franklin is birthed on the date of January 17, 1706.
Adam Samuel Smith is birthed on the date of January 17, 1706.
She smiled. “Hmm! Ben does not have a middle name. That’s not an important feature. Adam is named from his biological grandfather and carries the middle name of Samuel, since the year 1525 A.D. That is a very significant feature. I cannot deny an ancient birth right. Ben receives one angel touch. Adam receives two angel touches.”
Ben is birthed in the colony of Boston, an American patriot.
Adam is birthed in the colony of Bath, an American patriot.
Ben is the United States ambassador to the country of France.
Adam is an ass-herder of cows.
She said. “Both men get one angel touch. You can’t deny a hard-working man a good living, providing feed and shelter for his family members.”
Ben is a thrifty, hard-working, educated, community spirited, self-governing institutional man, opposed to authoritarianism, political-mind, religious-kind of man.
Adam is a thrifty, hard-working, non-educated, community spirited, self-governing institutional person, opposed to authoritarianism and government interference, not politically-mind, and not a religious-kind of man.
Magritte smiled, “Hmm! I like that Adam lived a free-spirited life using all of his free thoughts, walks, and actions, without the vile and trapped mind-concept of both politics and religious interfering in his life force or the life forces of his family members. I like that free-mined concept. However, Ben happily plays the politician role. I hate all and every ancient, past, current, and future politician as they always want or desire both your monies and your assets. So, I award Adam one angel touch.”
Ben is baptized in the American colony of Boston, within the present day U.S. State of Massachusetts.
Adam is not listed as a baptized infant or teenager or young adult.
Magritte grinned, “I award Ben one angel touch.”
As a young child, without an age of year, Ben is a young leader.
Adam is not a leader at a young age.
She smiled. “I award Ben one angel touch. The life-time accomplishments are going well for my American hero, Ben.”
Ben plays the violin, harp, and glass harmonica.
Adam plays the fiddle, banjo, and wooden harmonica.
She grinned. “Both men receive one angel touch.”
In the year 1718, at the age of 12 years old, without formal schooling, Ben becomes an apprentice to the newspaper and printing trade.
Adam, at the age of 12 years receives no formal schooling but works in the local naval store as a naval clerk. He can read and write and speak in different foreign languages.
She stated. “I award both men, one angel touch.”
In the year 1722, at the age of 16 years old, Ben writes articles on the topics of free speech for all free citizens.
At 16 years old, Adam is still a naval store clerk at the local naval store.
She smiled. “I award Ben one angel touch.”
In the year 1723, at the age of 17 years old, Ben leaves his home and abandons his family unit seeking a new career in newspapers.
She frowned, “As I continue to read Ben’s biography, his biological parents produced 17 children and also needed his support and his monies.”
At the age of 17 years old, Adam lives at home, works at the naval store, and also cares for all of his extended family unit, like a good brother.
She stated. “I award Adam two angel touches.”
In the year 1726, at the age of 20 years old, Ben becomes a clerk, a shopkeeper, and a bookkeeper for the newspaper company.
At the age 20 years old, Adam is still a naval clerk; he is a foreign language linguist while speaking different foreign languages too. He can both read and write as taught by his parents and older brothers and sisters.
She said. “I award Ben and Adam two angel touches.”
In the year 1729, at the age of 23 years old, Ben is a newspaper editor, publisher, and printer of new news.
At the age of 23 years old, Adam still works as a naval store clerk in the local naval store.
She smiled. “I award Ben two angel touches over Adam and Adam’s single one angel touch.”
In the year 1730, at the age of 24 years old, Ben produces an illegitimate son.
Magritte gasped in shock, What! Impossible! What’s this? Where’s this?” She dove with a stern face down into the phone’s electronic articles while confirming the new information. She exhaled with annoyance, “Unbelievable! Ben went rouge and produced a child at the age of 24 years old. Yes, it’s true. Ben is a father at the age of 24 years old. His illegitimate son is birthed on February 22 and is named William Franklin, Junior. Ben does not marry the mother of the child either. He married Miss Deborah Read instead, on September, the first, of the same year.”
At the age of 24 years old, Adam still works without either a child or a wedded spouse while taking care of his elderly parents.
She sneered, “Well, Ben, you receive ten asshole strikes. Adam receives two angel touches. A hard-working man taking care of his elderly parents is always a nobler honor, instead of a man, who births a child without marrying the mother of your baby and a man who marries another woman. I understand the concept of love, but this situation is the duty to a newborn child. And your wife is ugly like you, Ben. Here’s a funny statement about old, wise, fat Benjamin Franklin. He was fat as sin and obese, too boot. He meets and mates a woman that’s uglier, too!” She loudly laughed with amusement. “So true! So true!” She continued to smile and started reading all the new data.
In the year 1732, at the age of 26 years old, Ben edits and then publishes the first German newspaper in British American colonies and produces his first child, a son.
At the age of 26 years old, Adam is left, alone and lonely, caring for his elderly parents. His older brother Clement and all of the other older brothers and sisters seek their riches and leave the city of Bath, within the present day U.S. State of North Carolina.
She stated. “I award both men three angel touches.”
In the year 1733, at the age of 29 years old, Ben becomes a registered chess player.
Adam is a player of chance.
She grinned. “Both gentlemen receive one angel touch.”
In the year 1736, at the age of 30 years old, his four year old son dies from smallpox and he creates the first volunteer firefighter agency.
She frowned. “Well, I have dived, both deeply and deeper, into the storyline for a dead son at the age of four years old. That event is a very sad storyline for me too. Ben had neglected to provide a smallpox vaccine to his child, where it was a common medical practice within the major cities, such like, Boston, New York City, and Philadelphia. Shame on Ben and his wife Deborah! That’s very awful for the dead child, his biological mother, and his biological father.”
At the age of 30 years old, Adam still works and makes money while taking care of his elderly parents, without producing a child or marrying a nice girl.
She stated. “Thus, I award Ben one asshole strike and Adam two angel touches.”
In the year 1743, in the month of September, on the 11th day, at the age of 37 years old, a healthy newborn daughter is born to Ben and his wife Deborah Read Franklin. Their only surviving biological child grows into her adulthood producing eight children and then takes care of Old Ben during his elderly days, until his death day.
In the month of September 11th, at the age of 37 years, Adam works for both shelter and food and also buries his 73-year-old elderly mother in Bath. He does not have a married wife or a girlfriend or a child.
She stated. “I cannot compare a single male to a married man and his newborn child. However, Ben’s only biological daughter takes care of him, until his death day. Adam’s only son takes care of his father, until his death day. I award one angel touch to each man.”
In the year 1750, at the age of 44 years of age, Ben owns slaves.
Magritte gasped in shock, “No! No! Not right! Never! Ever! Bad boy, Ben!” She frowned. “Ben gets fifty…hundred…one thousand asshole strikes, right here and right now, on the hot spot, without any further explanation or evaluation.”
Adam marries a nice English girl while working for a living.
She smiled. “Adam gets one angel touch. Woe! Wow! My man Ben is getting beat in the race for the title of American Hero.”
In the year 1751, in the month of August, on the 13th day, at the age of 45, Ben opens the first hospital in the city of Philadelphia.
In the month of August, on the 13th day, at the age of 45 years old, Adam produces an infant daughter, still is married to his sweet wife, and still works as a naval clerk.
She grinned. “I grant two angel touches to both men. Taking care of an infant baby and working for a living is a lovely miracle sent down by the Prime Creator.”
In the year 1753, in the month of August, on the 10th day, at the age of 47, Ben creates the Post Office Services and becomes the Assistant Post Master.
At the age of 47 years old, Adam gets married on the same day of August 10th, for a second time to Talla Dawn, a Native American Indian maiden.
She smiled. “I award one angel touch for each man.”
In the year 1756, at the age of 50 years old, Ben receives a Master’s degree from College of William and Mary, where he had helped plan and then implemented.
At the age of 50 years, Adam attends the burial service of his oldest sister Fenna.
She said. “I award one angel touch for each man.”
In the year 1763, at the age of 57, Ben proposes new legislature to war with the surviving Native American Indians that occupy their American lands.
At the age of 57, Adam is married to a Native American Indian wife with a mixed Native American Indian son.
She sneered. “No, Ben! Ben receives one asshole strike. Adam receives two angel touches.”
In the year 1769, at the age of 63 years old, Ben is an American hero.
Magritte frowned, “What! What does that mean, an American hero? Did he fight in a war? No! Ben is too, too old! I do not understand that statement at all!” She dove into the numerous internet electronic articles. “O! I see. I read. I understand. From the years 1757 to 1767, Ben left behind his wife, his child, and his grandchildren and traveled around the world visiting the foreign countries of England, France, Ireland, Scotland, Germany and was received both in person and with a diamond-covered gift from King of France, Louis, XV while Ben was acting like the first American diplomat. American historians are crediting Ben with starting and citing the call for the infamous and famous American Revolutionary War of 1776. No! No! No! That’s not correct, ya’ll! That historical and significant war was both fought and won by all hard-working patriots. Here is a classic example of one man getting all the credit, where many, many persons were involved and then died for the same noble cause, the home of the brave and the land of the free. Ben is a very clever patriotic diplomat, only.”
In the year 1763, at the age of Ben proposes new legislature to war with the surviving Native American Indians that occupy their American lands.
In the same year 1769, Adam lives with his family members on Sea Island.
She smiled, “I will award each man, one angel touch.”
In the year 1774, in the month of December, on the 14th, Deborah Franklin dies in the city of Philadelphia surrounded by her only child, while her legally married husband Ben is not present but staying in the foreign country of Great Britain.
She gasped in shock, “What! What! Not right! That cannot be true!” She typed on the tiny keyboard on her mobile telephone researching the new information. She frowned. “Yes, it is very true. Not only did Ben miss his wife’s death but she wrote letters asking for his return to her side and their home in Philadelphia. And Ben did not bother to return back to his new native country and his new home town of Philadelphia until the year 1775, months and months after his legally married wife had died. Not right! So true! I award Ben ten asshole strikes for not attending to his sick wife at their shared home, in their shared town of Philadelphia.”
At the age of 66 years old, Adam both attends and prepares the death of his older brother Clement on Sea Island, within the present day U.S. State of Georgia.
Magritte stated. “Clement welcomed Adam to his paradise island, after Adam lost everything from the Great Hurricane of 1752, in Johnston, within the present day U.S. State of North Carolina. That was a sad day for Adam and all of his family relatives. Thus, I repeat. I award Ben ten asshole strikes and Adam receives ten angel strikes.”
In the year 1785, at the age of 79 years old, Ben is a new governor within the new United States of America in the new State, Pennsylvania.
She gasped in shock. “Well, that’s a nice life-time accomplishment for Ben. He is 79 years old. But what about his grandkids? His wife died in the year 1774. His only son died in the year 1736. His only daughter is alive with rooms of children. So, Ben spends his free time working for the American people, not his family members.”
At the age of 79 years old, Adam lives with his son and all of his extended family members enjoying his free time with them, without the concept of politics, on Sea Island within the new U.S. State of Georgia.
She frowned. “I can understand living in a new nation creating all new regulations and rules; but you also have alive and breathing family members too. Thus, I award Ben one angel touch and Adam receives three angel touches.”
In the year 1787, at the age of 81 years old, Ben signed the United States Constitution and then disappears from the public view, spending time with his family members.
At the age of 81 years old, Adam is retired from the cow farm and spends time with his family members on Sea Island.
She smiled. “Ben receives two angel touches. Adam gets one angel touch.”
In the year 1790, in the month of April, on the 17th day, at the age of 84 years old, Ben died from obesity. Adam died tall and slender from old age natural causes, probably a heart attack as the heart stops; the body ceases.
She exhaled with worry. “Well, my new game is both fun and interesting. But I want Ben to win my competitive competition. However, I’m afraid he won’t. So, I’ll extend my make-up game to another Smith grandfather as I am the creator of the game. I’ll add all the significant life-time accomplishments from each set of parents into my new equation between both sons Ben and Adam,” she typed on the tiny keyboard accessing the internet information, silently reading the new data.
Father Josiah Franklin is born in the country of England.
Father Nicholaas Samuel Smith is born in the colony of New Amsterdam of the New World.

She frowned. “Well, Adam gets one angel touch for an American-born father.”
Mother Abiah Folger is born in the country of England.
Mother Hannah Batana Bruna is birthed in the New Amsterdam of the New World.

Magritte frowned. “Well, Adam gets one angel touch for his American-born mother.”
Father Josiah is a soap maker and a candle maker.
Father Adam can read and write working as a foreign language linguist.

She smiled. “Ben and Adam receive one angel touch each for working a good job.”
Ben’s grandparents are born in the country of England.
Adm’s grandparents are born in the countries of Netherlands and England.

She grinned. “Both Ben and Adam receive one angel touch.”
Mother Abiah Folger births 17 children.
Mother Hannah births nine children.
Magritte grinned. “Both Ben and Adam receive one angel touch.”
Mother Abiah Folger comes from a Puritan family.
Mother Hannah comes from a Dutch family.

She frowned. “Ben is not doing well in the extended portion of my make-up game here. Ben receives an asshole strike with a Puritan mother. The Puritan clan were worse than the king of England by nagging people or burning people or hanging people into a death day, instead of jailing them inside a tiny, five foot high by five foot long by five foot deep, individual prisoner room. Adam receives one angel touch.”
Father Josiah is jailed for disobeying Puritan law.
Father Adam obeys all law within the New World.

She laughed. “Father Josiah is really lucky his naked neck muscles did not become stretching into a death day with his rebellious behavior. All right! Ben gets one angel touch for his rebellious father. Adam receives nothing.”
Ben battles the wealthy Penn Family who owned the Pennsylvania Colony.

She smiled. “Yes, sir! Ben receives two angel touches for acting like an American rebel. Adam receives nothing for going with the establishment flow.” She quickly tabulated the final points and then gasped in shock. “I can’t believe the conclusion. Ben receives 23 angel touches. Adam receives 40 angel touches. Ben receives 24 asshole strikes. Adam receives zero asshole strikes. If I reduce Ben’s 23 angel touches by 24 asshole strikes, then Ben receives a negative number. This game is dumb.”

In the American year of 1791, in the month of June, the Indian Nations elect a new Indian leader named William Augustus Bowles. His first order is issued sending Indian warriors on the warpath despite a signed treaty with the United States of America government for peace and harmony among the lands and the settlers.
In the month of July, a party of 1,000 Indian braves attack a group of 1,000 American soldiers and settlers at dawn resulting in the most decisive defeat of the U.S. American military forces in American History.
Magritte whispered, “Wow! This should be good. I’m starting to like the blood and guts stories of the American Revolutionary War.”
The ancient backstory involves Fort Recovery located in the Ohio territory along Wabash River. The new United States of America government is in heavy financial debt without monies and owes cash back to the France government, so the U.S. Federal Government cannot start to finance and then commission a real army of professional soldiers.
At dawn, on a hot and heated July morning, within the woodlands, the Indian braves wait and stalk the unguarded American fort. The paid U.S. American soldiers stack their weapons in a large pile and then stroll off eating the breakfast meal at the crowded food tables. Then the Indians attack surprising all the unarmed soldiers overrunning the camp site, killing 666 soldiers, men, women, and children; wounding 277 Americans. The entire U.S. American military unit is wiped out. All 200 American settlers are murdered. Among the fighting Indian braves, 21 die and 61 are wounded. The British Loyalists and the British Crown are both shocked and delighted with the bloody Indian victory sending more supplies while supporting and arming the Indian Nation again.
Here we go!
Back in growing new American city of Philadelphia, within the new U.S. State of Pennsylvania, the current President of the United States George Washington is both outraged and incensed at the bloody massacre of both American soldiers and settlers. The General in charge of the fort in Ohio survives and returns back to Philadelphia expecting a standard English-type military court martial, where he would explain to the mixture of former English and new American military officers the lack of supplies, the lack of soldiers, the lack of monies and the lack of other items resulting in 933 killed and wounded Americans. Then he would be resigned to another fort somewhere within the new American lands.
Instead, President George Washington asks for the General’s military resignation, instead of ordering a military court marital, like in the county of England. The General becomes kicked out the US American military losing his job, his benefits, and his future pension. Then Washington orders the creation of the first United States American Army comprising paid professional soldiers to defend both the people and the property.
Back in England, the British Crown works to supply the Indian Nations with both deadly weapons and ammunitions in order to expand the British reign from the present day Ohio lands westward towards the present day U.S. State of Minnesota lands and building numerous British forts within the present day county of Canada.
In the American year of 1792, back among the green-tinted salty waters and golden-covered sand dunes of the sea islands in the newly formed U.S. State of Georgia, which is barely affected by the Native American Indian war, food poverty, and body diseases coming from the numerous Indian killing rages…raids, French noble Christophe Poulain DuBignon arrives in the New World and purchases massive amounts of cotton plantations and continues to grow the softest Sea Island cotton fibers on Jekyll’s Island, until the Civil War Between the States starts in the year 1861.
In the American year of 1793, in the month of cold air temperatures of wintertime February, a delegation from the Indian Nations are invited to a peace party hosted by the USA government; but instead of partying through the night, they come and then kill all the American delegates. Then the U.S. American Army soldiers disobey their military order chasing down and killing the Indian delegation members, with the American way, bloody revenge. In summertime period, numerous Native American Indian warring parties execute raiding parties including scalping American pioneers within the two U.S. States of Tennessee and Missouri.
In the September 25th, a band of 200 Indians attacked the American settlers. Carvett’s Station leaders agreed to surrender to the Indians and then the Indians attacked again slaughtering all the white settlers. This bloody incident of murder led to high tensions regarding silly politics and peaceful agreements of the Native American Cherokee Indian clans.
In the October 17th, the Battle of Hightower was last fight between the American settlers and the Native American Cherokee Indian Nation.
In the American year of 1794, the months of January, February and March are cold winters. 
During the calendar months, including January, April, and June, the Native American Cherokee Indian Nation continued to fight with all the American settlers. On June 26th, more Indian lands were ceded to the United States of American government.
In the month, on the 13th day, the U.S. American Army attacked and then burned numerous Indian camp sites.
In November, the Native American Cherokee Indian Nation signed a peace treaty with ceding more Indians lands to the new USA government until the beginning of the 19th Century.
In the American year of 1795, the Spanish Crown provides both supplies and monies to Indian leader Alex McGillivray and the Indian Nations from the start, and during the American Revolutionary war, until the year 1794. Yeah, the immigrants left their homelands in Spain and England looking for a new life coming to the New World and found violence, taxes, and death.
Magritte laughed, “That was a great choice for most. Not!” She laughed with an evil tone.
In the final conclusion from all Colonial American, British and American Indian battles and major wars, and bloody dead bodies, the Indian Nations had fought back with guts, gravel and free grant monies from the British Crown but lost it all while they continued to defend their Indian lands against the flooding European immigrants, who became the new Americans. The British Crown then turned and focused on the northern untamed frontiers, within the present day USA while the surviving Indian tribe of braves and squaws continued live in an Indian camp and attack all the southern towns and the western newly created settlements of the American Pioneers, until the year 1795.

At 11:02 a.m., the right-side rubber tire on the rental limousine swiftly darted ahead, hit and then crawled upon the short, flat street curb and as Magritte bounced on top of the bench seating violently tilting sideways towards the side doorway losing her mobile telephone. The phone hit the carpet mat without injury creating a soft swish sound. The right tire scooted off the street curb landing back down on the flat street without moving ahead.
So far, she had encountered a terrible car accident and the birth of a newborn child. She leaned back into the soft leather car seat within an upright pose turning to see the window. The sun is sunny. The sky is blue. The landscape had not moved very far that baby still wasn’t born.
Magritte exhaled with annoyance. Now, her rented limousine faced the correct direction but was not moving towards the hotel building for her very delayed nail and hair appointment. She looked down with a smile and swished the screen on her personal mobile telephone, reading the new information in silence.

The city of Darien was founded in the year 1736 by the Scottish Highlanders under the direction of British noble James Oglethorpe. The Darian population is 550 people in the year 1880.

She laughed, “And I bet they’re all blood-related cousins, to boot. Southern men always married their first or third female cousin while contaminating the inherited line of un-pure blood proteins.”

Darien is comprised of a total of 24.04 miles; 21.16 square miles of landmass, and 2.87 square miles of water. The land is 30 feet in elevation from the river water. The British settlers arrived first and then built a fort, Fort King George.

She smiled, “Guess who’s the King of England in the year 1736?” She laughed and sung off-key. “George. George. George of the American wilder jungles, just for you and me,” she laughed.

Fort King George is the southernmost trading post of the British Empire on the North America continent. However, the Spanish conquistadores, the citizens, and the Crown held a fort at St. Augustine built in the year 1540. The conquistadores also kept attacking Fort King George killing settlers and stealing the supplies. So, the British leadership closed the fort down.

She giggled. “James was a slick dude. He left his homeland of England to claim new lands for the poor, not the king. He ended up rich and then died in his motherland of England, not America. Figures!” She hissed with anger.

The Scottish Highlanders are skilled translators of different languages, talented fort buildings, cultivated farms from marshlands, growing food, feeding people, and skilled foot soldiers and horsemen. They are comprised of two warriors: infantry soldiers with guns and swords or a calvary unit with horses and guns. Twofer! They were brought from the country of Scotland into the New World to protect the property, people, and plants from the Spanish invaders, who reigned and ruled within the present day lands of the U.S. State of Florida and the French soldiers and settlers who lived in present day U.S. State of Alabama, and all the Indian tribes, who fought against all the new British colonists.
On January 10th, in the year 1736, 177 men, women, children arrive on the merchant ship named Prince of Wales. The name of the colony Darian originates from a failed former colony in the Panama.

She frowned. “Why on Earth would you name a new colony after a failed venture? Really! I bet that worked out great for no one,” she laughed.

By the month of February, the Scots had built a battle battery fortress complete with four gun cannons, a guardhouse, a storehouse and several living huts for certain solo individuals. Then the Scotts started building two new fort constructions, Fort St. Andrews on Cumberland Island and Fort St. George on the St. Johns River. However, the Spanish fighting conquistadors forced James Oglethorpe to abandon the second Fort St. George again. In the same year, the Scotts started work on a new fort, Fort Frederica on St. Simons Island.
In the year 1737, more Scottish natives arrived at Fort Frederica to work and protect the property, people, and plants. In the year 1739, the Scots signed a petition against the concept of slavery consisting of captured Indian braves and squaws and other races, so they could grab the English pounds and continue to food. Also, in the same year, the Scottish soldiers and Calvary horse riders, under the direction of James, engaged in bloody battles against the Spanish conquistadors losing life, limbs and liberty. After the bloody battle, a majority of the settlers left Darian for the northern free colony of present day U.S. State of South Carolina. In the year 1741, a ship dropped 43 new colonists at Darian. The new colonists received land grants for free property which was passed down to a male or female descendant….

She gasped in shock, “What! Wait! Why! I just read of this old information about the ancient Colonial city of Darien. Why am re-reading all that old and ancient information about the city of Darien? I’m lost and confused. O no! The tire bump into the street curb knocked my phone back into an older internet article. So, I’m not lost or confused. My driver is lost and confused, but I don’t care. I can waste away all my time now, because I’ve gotten away with Murder One. Old senile Attila is dead and I’m deadly rich,” she sung off-key and then giggled with confidence typing on the tiny keyboard seeking her previous reading material. “I’m finally in motion on the city street again. I’ll be arriving at the hair salon within twenty minutes. So, I must hurry and finish Ace’s bloodline relatives. I’m in the year 1800. Finally, all the Native American Indians wars are done and gone. It’s the start of new century filled with new inventions and piles of new riches for the opportunist.”


****


At 11:14 a.m., Ace moved straight ahead with a stern face through the ancient dining room setting, at his Granddaddy’s house while investigating all the closed cabinets and drawers, when the hidden door closed shut with more metal pain behind his ass. He stopped and stood inside a new square shaped archway, facing a new hallway, scanning each glass window and presented a new bright smile.
The new hallway ran perpendicular to the central hallway and covered the long width of the house floor plan, displaying a row of low-lying undivided glass windows and three sets of French doors leading onto the rear patio surface without a single piece of patio furniture or a potted flowering plant or a swimming pool or a wooden picnic table. On each side wall, another row of low-lying undivided glass windows and two sets of French doors led onto a naked side patio of naked solid concrete slabs, without a single piece of furniture or a potted flowering plant also, only viewing the lush, rich green tinted wilderness, where each bird sit parked and sing a musical melody on each every tree branch, each ground squirrel scrambles from its hiding hole and chases after each fallen nut, and an assortment of hidden insects and all of croaking frogs sing through the day and night hours.
Inside the archway, Ace continued to stand and studied each piece of furniture. The hallway was not just a walking space, but a sitting space for female entertainment. The empty length measurement away from the central hallway wall towards the rear wall of glass windows compassed twenty feet, where the group of yesteryears southern belles gathered here sipping on a cup of hot tea, sitting on array of living room furniture pieces, including long sofas, short loveseats or a single sitting chair while gossiping the evening hours away.
Back in time, most of the demolished and current grand antebellum mansions here in the city of Mobile and throughout the Old South either possessed a central grand double-wide staircase that led up towards the third level of the second floor space, where all of the bedroom chambers stood, in silence, until the bedtime ritual or displayed a central enclosed hallway that led further down into the main part of the first floor.
The first floor was the social scene, in the year 1833, until the start of the First American Civil War, in the year 1861, housing a grand foyer for greeting, a grand dining room for eating, a grand ballroom for dancing, and the two individual sitting rooms for gossiping. The perpendicular grand hallway at the end of the long manor invited all of the partying guests away from the ornate interior walls into a manicured grassy back yard lawn walking among nature, admiring the pods of flowers or secretively kissing around groves of trees or meeting at one of tiny picnic tables for food.
The weird intersection of a central hallway opened into a second perpendicular hallway had created a grand central station with five open archways for all of the human footprints to stroll out from the dining room setting into the male sitting room or into the perpendicular hallway and back again into the dining room or back into the sitting room. however, a southern belle was not allowed into the male sitting room, so she and her pretty belle girlfriends gathered inside the perpendicular hallway while giggling and gossiping in soft sweet timbers.
Ace continued to stand inside the archway and smiled at the row of glass windows, remembering each feel from the soft cushion seat upon his dirty trousers. When he and his sister were younger and visited their grandparents, if Ace had done a terrible deed, which was quite often, his grandmother would punish his ass by sitting inside this hallway on top of any one of selected furniture pieces, where he watched his sister play outside in the warm weather, sometimes with the neighbor kids for thirty minutes, until his grandmother forgave and forgot about the evil deed done by her only grandson. That was a terrible punishment watching all of the kids play, while Ace was stick inside the cool hallway on top of the flora, soft sofa in manly defeat.
Currently, he slowly moved ahead and touched the window leaning his nose bridge over onto the cool glass material, staring at the landscape and then wondered the row of colorful rose bushes at the far edge beyond the manicured yard. The row of rose bushes had been located there for decades. Now, the bushes are overgrown presenting both hundreds of pretty colorful roses and tall weeds, while the flying birds shit on top of the plants, and the rabbits live among the dark mulch. He smiled at the fond old memory from his childhood days. He whispered for his eardrums only, “Granddaddy.”


****


At 11:15 a.m., inside the non-moving limousine, Magritte found the correct internet ancient Colonial American article starting to silently read the new information.

In the years 1796, 1797 into the early months of year 1798, the Deep South experienced a very cold winter.
At Sea Island, on May 15th during a cool night of warm sea air, a son is born to 38 year old Adam “Attila” Samuel Smith, Junior and his wife 36 years old Suzanne Sunshine Smith. He is named Attila Samuel Smith.
In the year 1800, one wooden chest of drawers for personal clothes sold for $2.00 American dollars.
One farm cow sold at $10.00.
One pound of coffee was 25 cents.
One American dollar is worth the U.S. modern day currency of $17.60.
The same three sea island explodes into 1,874 individuals, an increase of 375 percent due to cotton bolls and cotton slaves. Cow pox disease breaks out among the cattle killing herds.

Magritte laughed, “Is Attila immune? Yes, I know he is. Are his cows immune? I don’t know, but I do know that I’m getting hotter and closer to Ace’s set of current blood relatives, who live in Mobile, Alabama.”
In the American year of 1812, the declaration of war again calls for additional men, muscles, and muskets. On Sea Island, the healthy adult men, the ambitious teen males, and the youngest sons join the war effort for the United States of America leaving the island populated with 21 young females; 18 older men, 12 middle-aged women, and 11 children.
Ironically, the War of 1812 started when the British ship owners disputed the international maritime laws while sailing the imaginative water lines towards a newly formed and young United States of America coastline which led into another American sea and land battlefield with guns, guys and some gals, and all gall.
However, the Cherokee Indian American War started the first phase of the continuous war against all American patriots first and during and after the War of 1812.
The new and young United States of America provides 7,000 American soldiers against 5,200 British Empire’s famous and infamous British Red Coats. The color of the war jacket was dyed from insect guts of red ink. The War of 1812 begins on June 18th and is the second series of seriously deadly war battles from the British Red Coats against all the American patriots again. This time, the British warship masters take their “sweet southern tea” time but eventually form a block line starting at the open sea harbors in the U.S. State of Massachusetts going down to U.S. State of Georgia coastal sea islands, Of course, most of the fighting and warring was occurring within the northern American cities.
Three British warships float several nautical miles apart guarding and then capturing all the larger merchant ships leaving the Savannah seaport while ignoring the smaller sea vessels along the sea barrier islands of U.S. State of Georgia.
Since the announcement of war with Great Britain, back on his paradise beach site of Sea Island, owner and operator Adam Samuel “Attila” Smith, Junior can some mornings easily spot one of the three roaming British warships right off the shoreline several nautical miles within the deeper warm Atlantic Ocean waters safely away from his sandy feet, but he does not feel worry but a deep concern. The line of British warships lounge in the warm Atlantic Ocean waters watching the sandy Georgia coastline for hot, heated battle action that never comes.
The British military units are currently engaged in a battle fighting against Emperor Napoleon of France. All the soldiers and seas ships are located there, in European lands and seas, not damaging the USA landscape yet. The chain of sea island resumes their usual business days and fun partying nights, without a care with the three warships hanging off the sunny coastline of Georgia.
In the year 1813, on Saturday morning, at the twilight hour of 04:42 am, on June 12th, when the heated sunrays burn the cool ocean waves and start to warm the golden sand grains, Attila begins his morning walk enjoying the sights, smells, and sounds of Sea Island. He halts and the gasps in shock seeing a strange unnatural object, an empty man-made wooden row boat.
Attila mentally thought of wild-ass theories about a stranded dark colored rowboat without a folded body. A row boat of British drunken sailors had missed their supper meal and then instead desired to find some more interestingly entertainment along the coastline. Else they missed both the docking and rocking with their British mothership a few miles away and also parallel to the Sea Island shoreline.
In the month of June, the weather pattern offers 71 percent humidity, no rain precipitation, 73 surface air degrees in Fahrenheit, eight miles-per-hour winds coming from the east, and seven miles of clear visibility.
Attila can see a tiny object, in the far distance, representing a British warship, with his two naked eyeballs. He routinely inspects the empty sandy shoreline for trash items, a dead or alive body, a straying foal or calf while walking for exercise, enjoying the harmony and beauty of his island paradise. Right now, he feels mad rather than worried about his loving family members as his eyeball return back studying an empty row boat, without a human body. He spins around and dashes back to his horse, jumping onto the naked spine, quickly racing back home to his family members.
At the same time, the eight drunken British sailors hold an individual headache but an active mind of clear thinking nasty thoughts scouting for a water puddle or a small stream of fresh drinking water and food at 05:03 am in the morning, venturing around the sand dunes then into the high grass fields and finally stumble upon a wooden homestead of large wooden houses. They recognize the enemy but more importantly cannot allow the enemy to expose their shipwrecked row boat, until all the British sailors can return back to their mothership. The British sailors wear their military armor gear plus war weapons and then silently attack the Smith clan members as they soundly sleep inside their home-made wooden bed frames.
Some of the Smith clan members swiftly awake to a loud terrible human scream or a throbbing pain on their attacked human body from a growling British Red Coat and then start to fight back or quickly race away from their assailant while seeking a defensive weapon. The older men, most of the women, and all the children are both helpless and defenseless against a truly seasoned professional British Red Coat, who murders in swift brute strength. The young and middle-aged males fight most gallantly but are overcame with massive blood loss and the lack of a proper weapon besides a kitchen steak knife.
After the plumes of gun smoke fumes clear and each bloody knife is pulled out from a dead body, only 17 years old, Attila “Ass” Samuel Smith the third, 15 years old, Everleigh Maybelle Cordall Smith are both alive and breathing. The other Smith relatives are dead.
An elderly Attila of 53 years halts the horse sliding over the gravel in front of the ancient wooden and naked front porch, displaying four bloody dead bodies of his kinfolks. He gasps in worry dashing into the first family home structure. The living room setting is empty of dead bodies or trails of red-tinted blood stains. He races into the wing of back rooms of beds seeing numerous bloody dead bodies.
His wife Suzanna Sunshine Smith races ahead from the bloody scene colliding into his upright body while smearing the red tinted blood from the numerous dead British sailors over his old clothes and then she sobs in sorrow, anger, and fright.
Three days later, from June 13th to 15th, the elderly Attila, his teen son and their two wives worked together burying all the dead British sailors and their dead Smith relatives in three different cow pastures displaying an individual raw-looking, really ugly, upright-standing, short wooden post reading: Yellow Fever Victim. The heated gossip will soon spread around the chain of sea islands regarding a quick outbreak on June 12th. No sane human will ever dig up a covered grave site or steal jewelry from the dead corpse for fun, instead in fear of the catching a highly contagious disease on their personal health body. The small British rowboat had been toted inland and then destroyed burning the wooden staves into piles of ashes along with the blood-soaked wooden furniture and clothing items and then spreading the ashes over the vegetable garden.
From the dates, during day and nighttime hours, until exhaustion, June 16th to June 27th, they built a small cottage ten feet from the shoreline. On the dark night of June 28th, Attila serves the first guard duty, inside the tiny cottage, with both foods and guns while watching the waters, the sands, the trees, the skies, and the moonlight rays for a new unwelcomed visitor or two or three or eighteen.
Attila truly feels the sailor rowboat incident was curiously an isolated affair. But the appearance of eight strong, smart, boldly deceptive, and lucky British seasoned sailors had killed all his relatives but his son, daughter-in-law and his wife and almost terminated the original Warwickite English Smith family tree.
Every night, one Smith relative resides inside the cottage staying alarm and watch the ocean waters. The two wives present a tag team concept during their nightly watch shift.
By the end of midnight, during the usual happy Fourth of July fireworks and fun festivals, Attila or none of his family members have not been visited by another wandering row boat of sailors or a party of rude and raiding British Red Coats, unlike the other coastline islands. The other sea islands boast numerous buildings, slaves, storage of weapons and foodstuffs plus miles of cotton crops for stealing or burning. However, human tensions are high and human heartbeats are rapid with mixed human emotions of worry, concern, fear and unhappiness.
On the 5th day, of the same month, without the traditional gleeful celebratory Fourth of July evening party and sorely missing his dead relatives, Attila receives a new visitor, a semi-warm one.
A set of loud knocks echoes form the closed front door of the tiny guardhouse cottage a few feet from the shoreline at 09:02 am.
Attila is rambling around the cottage floor straightening his manly wares out of the way for the next night’s guest, the women. He doesn’t like for the women to clean the cottage from his manly messes.
He spins around with a gasp and marches ahead grabbing his pistol from the side table heading towards closed door while studying the two front open window frames, without smelling a wild animal or a nasty British sailor, that carried a terrible odor of dried figs, cigarette smoke, and stinky body odor, instead his nostrils absorb a faint spray of lavender flowers. He hides the pistol behind his back spine then opens the door quickly faking a smile at the new visitor, a semi-warm one. The visitor is a well-dressed, smooth-talking, Yankee man named Thomas Butler.
His father is an alive and breathing Pierce Butler. Pierce is the son of a hero of the Revolutionary War, a Founding Fathers of the U.S. Constitution document that rules the United States of American freedom and privileges, and a successful former South Carolina rice plantation owner and one of the wealthy Americans in the USA. The news through the grape vines of North Carolina is that the elderly Pierce has disinherited his biological son and his second wife from the estate planning, including the rice plantations and the bank accounts of cash monies.
When his first wife died in the year 1790, Pierce retired from rice planting business and gave his lands to his two younger unmarried daughters moving back to Philadelphia living beside his eldest daughter for the remainder of his elderly days and nights until his death day.
In front of the open archway, Attila might be an older man, at the age of 53 years, but the sea winds are filled with strings of gossip. Any type of gossip is fun to learn. The Butler rice plantation is still located in South Carolina and is owned by the Butler children.
When Attila was a young military soldier, at 19 years old, in the famous American Revolutionary War while residing on his uncle’s Sea Island, he had heard all types of strange tales about a strange and alluring Pierce Butler and his family clan. Attila also ran into Pierce and his American troopers fighting against the British Red Coats.
He guesses large sums of monies do that to people creating both jealous and greed like The Holy Bible preaches.
Attila remembered meeting Mr. Butler’s overseer, who had arrived at Sea Island with a financial offer to purchase the cows and the meadows from Uncle Clement for a new Pierce Butler’s business venture. But his Uncle Clement had refused the plump cash offer from Butler’s overseer while shaking his bone skull expressing the love for his island and his animals and his life. The hired Butler Overseer had even paid Clement a handful of cash monies for wasting his time with Butler’s servant. Attila had been present beside his uncle and his dad in case of a nasty attack or a peaceful argument which did not occur.
Inside the archway, a clear-headed Attila darts his two eyeballs towards a skinny young oarsman, who stands and mans a small rowboat lounging on top of the sand dunes.
So, a strange second row boat has ventured onto the pristine sandy beaches of Sea Island without permission again but does not carry soldier or weapons, only people.
Then he views a tall, slender lady sitting in the rear bench seat with a pretty pink and vanilla-tinted umbrella parasol covering her coffined hair style and her expensively tailored dress and then Attila looks away staring at a medium-sized merchant ship hovering several hundreds of feet away from the shoreline while recognizing the flags, the American and the family crest. The owner is paid to haul away all the alive and breathing beef cattle into the Darien seaport every six months from Attila.
During the selling season, over the previous years, his uncle Clement Samuel Smith had met and then made an arrangement with a honest and reliable merchant ship that transported his livestock including crates of seven week old puppies and kittens and two year old colts and fillies plus all the agricultural products while giving the ship owner bottles of his cold beer too. The merchant boat left the Sea Island coastline sailing seven miles north in the deep waters of the warm, salty Atlantic Ocean slowly turning due west into the mouth of the Altamaha River, fighting fresh water seas fifteen miles ahead towards the Darien seaport. The beef cows owned by Clement Smith were delivered and then shipped to the growing city of Savannah. Once the beef cows were purchased by the independent ship owners, Uncle Clement didn’t need to know where the cows finally arrived, and he didn’t care after receiving his cash monies.
Attila had traveled, one time, on the very same merchant ship, after his Uncle Clement had passed and then his biological father Adan turned over total control of the export products and the money matters for handling the beef cows, the milk and cheese produce and the precious bottles of beer.
Back on top of the sands, within the cool morning temperature and light ocean breeze among the bright warming sunrays, Attila is a curious soul and is a curious about the impromptu visitation from the merchant ship plus a young tall male standing in front of his face.
Thomas scrapes his shiny boot sole underneath his polished boot toe over the smooth sand grains and speaks in a clear tenor voice directly to Attila. Attila returns back and hears the final words coming from Thomas’ fake grin. The young man says. “I come here, today, to offer a nice purchase amount on your lands here on Sea Island for 1,000 dollars, American tender, of course.” He nervously chuckles.
Attila does not gasp in shock but fakes his smile to the young man. However, the young man’s fancy clothes and his fancy-smelling perfume fumes represent a city slicker’s life, not a farm owner’s life style. Thomas does not realize the Sea Island land property is not designed for cotton farming, only cow herding, but he is about to find that out, the soggy way.
Attila extends his hand and nods with his fake smile. “Of course, son, now, that’s fine and dandy offer of purchase. First, may I make one suggestion here, sir?”
“Yes, sir!” The eager young male nods.
“You should get your lady out of the heated sun and the strong ocean winds. The weather elements will taunt her makeup and her delicate skin. The beach is not a grassy park with groves of tall, shade trees. I would suggest sending your lady back to the merchant ship for comfort and then invite the captain to my island. The captain can serve as the eyewitness when we sign the legal papers, of course.”
“Of course! Of course, that’s an excellent idea to speed up the legal process and ensure the beauty of my French wife. Excellent suggestions, sir!” He spins around and dashes back to his wife, stopping at their row boat, leaning over into her face. He explains the situation.
At the same, Attila shuffles ahead, and then stops placing a wad of cash to the single oarsman, whispering a set of secret words, as well. The oarsman accepts the cash and nods with a smile. Attila spins around with a smile and head back to the guardhouse, swinging around, watching the fake action.
The happy oarsman returns to his row boat. Thomas snaps his verbal order to the ship crew member. The oarsman fakes a smile to the arrogant bastard.
Attila had paid the oarsman for his personal time and visitation to Sea Island. And he has asked the oarsman to relay an invitation to the captain as Attila’s guest for a cup of tea inside the guardhouse. Attila’s new plan will ensure that an arrogant Thomas Butler will peacefully leave the island without causing any trouble with words or fists or the two-bullet pistol hidden inside his fancy gold and maroon tinted silk-lined waistcoat.
The guard house is one room holding a bed frame, a single table, and two chairs and a small fireplace for warming food items or a cup of hot tea. Each side wall holds a stack of weapons and a sack of cash monies. If the money lures the enemy into the confided space, the pistol in Attila’s hand can kill the bastard at close range, not missing the left eyeball.
The row boat shoves off the sands and then steers back to the ship with the oarsman and the lady.
Thomas returns back stepping with a giddy step of happiness and then stands in front of Attila while starting to execute his con job on the old man.
Attila stands tall and smiles thumbing back over his collar bone. “Now, that’s done! Now, let’s start. I wanna take you on a tour of my island, before signing the papers, young sir. You need to understand what you’re buying and not buying,” he chuckles and points to the sandy beach. “First, that’s the wet and sticky shoreline. Sand grains sticks everywhere on our body, if you haven’t experienced or experimented with sand grains,” he chuckles. “On the shoreline, the sand birds include the piping plower. Their sand nests sit on top of the beach and they’ll kill to protect their young,” he laughs.
“What!” Thomas gasps in shock and spins around seeing the sand dunes, showing some of the wading sand birds “Am I in danger?”
“Only if you get attacked,” he spins around and laughs slowly moving ahead, pointing at the front of the cottage. “Now, that there’s the guard house.”
Thomas nods with a wicked smile and rubbed both of his palms together creating as he was going to quickly sign the legal papers with the stupid owner on the edge of the shoreline in ten minutes flat. Then he will sail back to Darien and record the legal deed of the property bringing back an army of militia men running the strangers off of Sea island.
Attila shuffles sideways then turns to face the wall of trees pointing at the front door on the cottage. “Now, this is the guardhouse. I guess you figured that one out.”
“Yes, sir! I did.” He fakes a smile and faces the cottage that stands a few feet from the rouge golden tined sands and tall dunes kissing the calm waters of the Atlantic Ocean. Once he owns the island property, the structure will be updated with both human guards and machine cannons, so no person can do what Thomas just has done. Walk over the sands like Brother Jesus and enter another man’s paradise.
Attila continues ahead passing the guard house.
He stands in place and points to the, “Sir, aren’t we going to step into the guard house and sign the legal papers for the purchase of your island proper? I have them stored in my pockets.”
Attila nods his bone skull and continues to stroll through the shorter grass weeds leading into a thicket of tall trees, “Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we’ll do that much later. I wanna showoff our landscape first.” Thomas races ahead and follows Attila and heads deeper into the thick forestlands. The day becomes dark like the night as the overstory tree limbs and thick leaves cover the blue sky.
Attila states. “Don’t be afraid, son!” He laughs. “This is my plan to scare off the invaders to Sea Island. Thomas frowns with confusion and stays silence. He does not want to provoke the old man into anger or fury or madness.
Attila halts front of a short opening but tall enough for a man-giant’s height. The opening is surrounded in a thick grove of tall longleaf pine, oak trees, and red cedars and other type of trees. He spins around with a bright smile and almost collided into the face and body on Thomas. Thomas gasps in shock then back steps while staring at the old man. Attila parts his arms and positions them even with the ground soil and nosily clears his throat smiling at his paradise island. “First face, the sand dune sea birds and sea turtle nests lounge in the sunshine on the shoreline hunting for food and birthing babies. Don’t tread on their nests! They don’t like it and bit your naked toenails off, if given a chance.”
“Yes, you did.” The young man swings around and narrows his two eyelids studying the shoreline with flying birds and playful dolphins. The merchant ship is anchored a mile from the shoreline for safely. Thomas will clean off the sand grains and knock out the sand dunes then the nasty sand birds cannot live there anymore. He slowly spins back around and nods back to Attila.
Attila thumbs back over his collar bone with a smile and nods several times. “I’ve explained the guardhouse and sand birds. Next, we’ll move through the entrance into my island paradise. I ain’t had a chance to make a proper decoratively pretty entrance gate. My wife complains bitterly a lottie, but she used to it, by now. So, this is it!” He stops inside the naturally semi-curved archway with numerous dangling tree limbs, thick tree leaves plus plumes of hanging Spanish moss. He points all around to the lines of tall shade trees. “The island is blessed by God Almighty with woodlands lining the front, the sides and the rear of the island. You’ll both see and smell palm trees, oak trees, red cedar trees, southern magnolia trees, shaggy pine trees, longleaf pine trees, and cypress trees. All the trees drip in Spanish Moss or its nickname, Grandpa’s beard.
“Spanish Moss is not moss or a name referencing the country of Spain. It is a flowering plant with tiny blooms in the colors of green or yellow or gray. The plant propagates both seed and vegetation blowing the seeds around in the breeze wind that automatically stick to tree limbs. Then the seeds are carried by birds as nesting materials. The flowering plant grows hanging down almost 20 feet from each tree limb in full sunlight through partial shade. One of the plants is almost touching your collar bones, son. Beware! Spanish Moss contains crawling rat snakes, hanging bats, and jumping spiders. They slept in the moss; it’s their warm, cozy home.”
Thomas gasps in shock then swiftly charges ahead scooting around a stationary Attila then stops standing in the middle of the flat soil. He slowly spins around observing all the Spanish Moss dangling from each tree limb. He shivers automatically in fright and then slaps both of his palms searching for a spider over his fancy clothes. He nods several times in silence and darts his eyeballs back to a makeshift opening between the groves of trees. He will definitely chop down all the row of tall healthy trees on each side extending towards 500 feet long and then construct a huge entrance guard of painted wood with the jumping spiders using a line of wooden statues of lions, tigers, and bears. “O my!” He frowns at the ugly site of Mother Nature.
“Keep up, sonny!” Attila spins around and slowly shuffles ahead going further into the island grounds and points at the trees, on the ground, and at the sky. Thomas spins around with a smile and dashes ahead padding beside Attila. Attila states. “There are lots of different bird species here in the trees, in the sky, on the ground including bald eagles, red knots, wood storks, paint buntings. The Sea Island landscape does not present miles of flat farmlands or rich pasture lands being only one mile long and one and half miles wide. Part of the flat lands includes numerous tidal creeks with both snakes and alligators…”
“Alligators?”
“This is the first trap!” Attila stops short of the first tidal creek and admires the beauty of the land, pointing down at the flowing waters between the sandy soil.
“What!” Thomas stops and stands beside Attila looking down at the creek. “I don’t understand. What is the first trap?” He backsteps from the creek and wraps both of his arms around his body. “Both crawling and hissing snakes and alligators, yes, this is the first trap for a sneaky invader encroaching onto Sea Island. You understand the danger now.” He stomps through the shallow water and crosses to the opposite bank.
Thomas frowns and accepts that statement as his person and then presents a puzzled facial expression, “Where are the water bridges?”
“No bridges! It spoils the beauty of the island paradise. Anyways, you gotta get your feet wet, sometimes, when you live in the Georgia swamplands,” He laughs and marches ahead without Thomas. “There’s no fresh ponds of drinking water either for tree frogs and snapping turtles but numerous smaller tidal creeks holding fresh water, jumping mullet fish, and bait fish for fishing the better tasting seafood, such like, grouper. The tidal creeks feed the cows, the horses, and humans.”
Thomas slowly enters the water running his new leather boots and then swiftly crosses to the other side rushing to walk beside Attila. He will reduce the purchase price on the island property for running and dirty his personal tailer-made attire. “What! Don’t you have installed a fresh water well inside the house kitchen setting?”
He shakes his long curls and laughs, “Nope! I ain’t got around to building indoor kitchen setting. My wife complaints a lot, but she used to it, by now.” Attila chuckles and stops pointing into the flat open fields, where individual animals or small pods of animals stand and graze on the grass. The cows stand in pods. The horses are scattered in pairs or alone. Chickens and chicks run wild. Pig and piglets swim in numerous mud puddles. Dogs, puppies, cats, and kittens chase after each other than stop to playful hiss or bark at each other.
Thomas gasps in shock at the display of farm animals free and loose on top of the fields. “Where are the cotton crops?”
“No cotton!”
“Where are the rice fields?”
“No rice!”
“What are those?”
Attila laughs and points to each group of animals. “These are called cows, horses, chickens, pigs, dogs and cats.”
Thomas frowns, “This is a cotton plantation.”
He smiles. “This is a farm island.”
“Where are the pens and fence posts? Where are the fence lines?”
“No fences needed. This is called an open range system, used by the Indians, well, copied from the Indians, allowing all the livestock to intermingle and run around carefree and all. We all live in sweet harmony and eternity love here,” he softly chuckles at the arrogant bastard. “Plus, they all keep the grasses and weeds mowed down providing hair lice and snake bites, too boot.”
“What!”
“Watch your step!” Attila scoots over the fresh pile of horse shit.
Thomas slides his boot toe into a nasty heap of softness then looks down groaning in both bad odor and bad luck. He removes his boot toe and shakes the shit remnants in the air stomping both of his soles on top of the flat soil while asking to Attila, “Sir, do you not have a service for lawn maintenance?”
Attila shakes his bone skull and just smiles. “Well, I ain’t never got around to that thing. My wife complaints a lot, but she’s used to it, by now. This is an island paradise without borders, gates, bridges and a working row boat,” he chuckles. “Occasionally, a curious cow or a galloping horse lands in the river waters on the opposite end of the island. We can’t save the animal, so we shoot it…”
“What!”
“…dead…” He shuffles ahead and then moseys through the grazing animals, avoiding all the running animals and then halts on top of the short weeds and grass blades while staring at the all the flat land and five objects.
Thomas halts and huffs out loud feeling both confusion and annoyance. He stares at the same five objects. In the middle of the flat land, five large wooden framed structures are covered in tabby materials. “The other islands grow sea cotton bolls.”
“We don’t.”
“The other islands possess plowed fields for planting sea cotton seeds.”
“We don’t.”
“The other islands display outhouse structures for both the slaves and the farm hands.”
“We don’t.”
Thomas points to the last of five structures. “Then what are those five structures in the distance. What are they covered in?”
Attila points to each ugly structure. “O! These five buildings are not the slave quarters. The outside material is called a tabby. A tabby wall is made from slime and burned or roasted oyster shells that creates a liquid that covers and secures each outside wall from the nesting spiders, crawling snakes, nasty rodents, and other smaller vermin that shares the land with humans. We don’t toss anything away; we use it all for a second or a third and maybe a fourth time. Look at the pretty walkway in a slightly shimmering tone of pink and yellow and baby blue and orange which nicely extends from each flat porch to the next flat porch to the next flat porch. The walkway is made from seashells and crushed oyster shells and crab stones and crab bones…”
“I understand. Thank you for the explanation.” He frowns with frustration.
Attila smiles and loudly claps. “The five buildings house the human families, the horse families, the food items, the weapons and farm equipment items, and a semi-empty building for any other matter. Here on Sea Island everyone eats and shares. The last house is the manor that holds the people.
Thomas frowns at the ugly five structures. “The other islands have built a large plantation house.”
“We don’t. But well, since you’re going to buy my island. The last building is far, far, far away from the four other buildings. It’s nicknamed the Death House.”
Thomas gasps, “What!”
He smiles. “We use the building to coax inside a chicken or a cow into the single large room than quickly kill it for the evening’s supper meal.”
“What!”
He nods. “Where do you think a fresh chicken breast and two beef steaks come from, son? We ate fresh meat and we don’t let the other animal know about their fellow animal’s death, so we carry, chop, and then cook all the dead bodies in the Death House. Once the fresh meat is gone, we package up the carcasses and give to the fishermen. They use it to bait their hooks for fish.” Thomas continues to gag and then coughs out loud feeling nausea.
Attila rubs his hands and nods at the nose profile on Thomas. “To swiftly finish up my tour, we can go inside and tour the first house. But my wife is doing the bedding. Do you remember the rows of dangling Spanish Moss? Of course, you do. We use the moss for bedding and building materials.”
Thomas gasps, “What! Your bedding contains mice.”
He frowns. “Of course not. The Spanish moss houses snakes, bats, and spiders.”
“What!”
He nods, “Well, we first wash and clean the moss like a piece of clothing on your back spine. I can assure you it does not contain spiders. If there was one, it’s a fossilized dead one, by now, inside the clean bedding,” he laughs.
“What!” He gags then coughs out loud covering his mouth.
Attila grins and points towards the rear grove of forestland. “Do you remember the tidal creeks? The tidal creeks feed the cows, the horses, and humans. O! The further tidal creeks…”
…holding both the hissing snakes and alligators.”
He nods, “Yes, sir! You catch on quickly. The far, far way tidal creeks provide our body baths too. So now, you be damn shore to first designate and then separate the female ones from the males,” he laughs.
Thomas gasps in shock and stars at the first house, “What! There is not an indoor plumbing system…”
“…but a single outhouse for shitting. You can piss anywhere, even on the flower beds. They don’t care. I won’t piss on the garden vegetables, thou. That’s really nasty and unsanitary. Yeah, I ain’t got around to building a proper bathroom setting. My wife complaints bitter, but she used to it, by now. Anyways, I’m selling and moving from my island paradise. You can do the construction work. Well, I’m done with my tour of…”
“…death,” Thomas whispers for his eardrums only and slowly studies each building, the herds of cows, instead of rows of profitable sea cotton bolls, and a row of ugly buildings, not even a grand manor for the owner, without a proper indoor bathroom, to boot.
Attila spins around and rubs his hands together winking at the young man. “My land is your land,” he chuckles. “Your land is accessible only by boat. No elegant carriages or elegant paved roads. No midday picnics or picnic tables. No might fine fancy dances in fancy dresses. No! Not here! I guess all those fancy parties happen over there on the Butler Plantation or over yonder on the Cooper Plantation but…but not here never, ever, foreverly, either. He rubs his hand and grins at Thomas, “Alrighty now! Where are the legal papers, son?”
Thomas slowly backsteps from Attila and wears a fake smile stumbling his words, “Now! Now! Hold up, sir! I…I…need to go back to my lawyer in…in Darien. I appreciate the tour of de…de place. Well, I’m done too. I…I need…need to head back to Darien,” he nods with a fake smile. “I need to inform my lawyer. The legal papers need significant modification. I…I was completely unaware of the vast lands and resources here on Sea Island.” He walks backwards then spins around gasping in fright at a fresh pile of standing dog shit, carefully scooting around the natural fertilizer. He briskly shuffles around and watches the soil for shit and the skies for dangling Spanish moss, moving through the make-shift opening and slams into the captain from the merchant boat.
The captain backstep and then grins. “Son, are you in a hurry? I was looking for Attila.”
Thomas nods and quickly slips around a stationary captain marching ahead while watching for snakes, spiders, sand birds, “Yes, sir! Yes, sir! I…I’m in a rush. I…I’m leaving the island. Could we please leave for Darien right away? I…I have finished my business here. Thank you, sir! Thank you, sir!” He swiftly paces ahead without looking back to Attila or the captain.
The captain faces the sands and studies the back spine on Thomas, saying with a confused brow to Attila. “The young body seems frightened. What frightened him?”
“Nature!” Attila appears standing beside the captain. They both laugh at the young cowardly arrogant aristocrat from France and Philadelphia. He turns and nods to the nose profile on the captain. “Captain, thank you for accepting my invite!”
“I was intrigued with your invitation and couldn’t possibly pass up a scene with that arrogant bastard. Well, it was a funny scene. What did you do to him, Attila?”
He nods, “Please, don’t go, sir. Let’s go and have a cup of hot tea in my guard house. I will enjoy re-tattling the tale,” he laughs.
The captain points at the beach, “That young man right there wants to go back to France. I’m the wrong sea vessel for that.”
“Then I’m grateful for your acceptance of my joke on the arrogant fellow. But I propose a new plan. I’m selling my island to you.”
“Me!” He swings about and frowns at Attila.
Attila nods and shuffles ahead, twisting the captain around. They slowly stroll from the opening leading into the farm pastures and farm building, heading back towards the cottage guardhouse. Attila explains. “Why you? I plant to move away from Sea Island and live in the town of Darien, fifteen miles up the Altamaha River. But you know that fact. I don’t wanna sell my land to an arrogant, non-working bastard without brains. So, I offer you my sea island.” He chuckles at the pun.
He strolls with Attila and shakes his gray-tinted bone skull with a matching beard, admiring the sands and the trees. “I…I…can’t afford to buy your island. I would like to buy a sea island, of course.”
Attila smiles. “You can. I plan to pay you 1,000 English pounds for it.”
“What!”
Attila points towards the shoreline like he is pointing to Thomas, “That young man offered me 1,000 English pounds. That sounds reasonable to me. So, I’ll pay you the 1,000 English pounds.”
The captain laughs. “Wait! Aren’t I supposed to pay you, sir?”
Attila stops in front of the cottage. “Wait right here! I’ll be back in a second.” He rushes ahead towards the front door on the cottage.
“I ain’t leaving my spot, sir. You’re a funny gentleman.” The captain turns and studies the beauty landscape of Sea Island dreaming about retiring from the shipping industry and relaxing in a sweet place like this but that is a rich man’s dream, not a sea dog with numerous years of work.
Attila enters the cottage room collecting a handful of objects and then returns back to the captain extending his cupped hand. “Here!”
The captain looks down at the cupped hand on Attila and then gasps in shock seeing a handful of dollar bills. Attila smiles. “This is your down payment for my land, sir,” he laughs with amusement alone. The captain does not comprehend how wealthy Attila is compared to the average working Americans, nor does the captain understand the danger that his biological family will face while buying and then living on Sea Island. But Attila will express his mixed feelings and tattle his terrible tale to the captain and his family members before selling his land.
The captain does not touch the dollars. Attila nods. “This is payment for wasting your time with me and the foolish French man.”
“He’s American.”
“Me, too!” Attila winks. The captain accepts the money and nods to the land owner. Attila exhales with nervousness. He would like the captain to buy Sea Island as the man is an honest, hard-working American, like Attila. Attila says. “I’d like for you to think about my weird proposal, sir. I raise cows that you ship to the Darien market, every six months. You can own and operate two business ventures for you and your family members and your future family members.”
“What about you, Attila? Where’s your new business venture for your current and future family members?”
Attila nods, “I plan to find my future in the growing export and import business at the seaport of Darien.”
“Well, sir, that’s a nice daydream for you, not me. What’s the catch here?”
Attila shakes his long blonde curls and wears a stern face of honesty, “There ain’t no catch or penalty, sir. Why don’t you come back at your convenience and visit with me and my family members, when you aren’t busy shipping shipments and goods to the other American harbor markets or delivering an ass back to town,” he laughs with the captain. “Then you and I can talk about my weird proposal. I have a lot of details to explain with my proposal.”
The captain nods with a smile. “Sir, I am intrigued with your land proposal and am interested in your explanation but not today. I will return tomorrow late afternoon after delivering the ass to Darien and my daily shipment have been made.” He extends his hand.
Attila accepts and shakes the hand nodding with a smile. “Thanks for the wonderful news, captain! I’ll prepare food meals, so please bring yourself and all your hungry family members.”
The captain laughs and nods his bone skull. “I will, sir. I will. I always carry a hungry crew,” he scoots around Attila and stashes the cash into his jacket softly chuckling at the weird land proposal but keeps an open mind to owning a piece of paradise. The second row boat lounges on the rough sands. The oarsman is the captains’ nephew. The captain employs all his blood relative, who are excellent crew members and work hard collecting the monies needed to repair and then sail an older merchant ship as a private family business. His young nephew nods with a smile to his uncle and then assists the elderly gentleman back inside the row boat then he seats in the stern section. His nephew slowly pumps up and then down using his two strong biceps while carefully rowing the small boat back to the ship for the last shipment of the daylight hours and then preparing for the evening’s supper meal.
Attila stands in place and watches the rowboat and then the ship leave the harbor. His family members are attending to the day’s activities but have been spying on Attila and his new guest. He spins around and locks the cottage preparing to walk back home, explaining his new executive decision about Sea Island and the future of his family members.
The next evening at five pm, within a heated night, on July 6th, at Sea Island, in the second home structure, not the first home structure, the captain returns with all his family members but two crewmates, who secure the merchant ship on the seas from both piracy and danger. They sup with Attila and his three remaining blood relatives. Attila explains tattles the terrible tale first and then explain that all of his family member agrees with the decision to sell the island to the captain then move to the new seaport of Darien. Then Attila tattles the terrible tale next. He and his family clan want to expel those terrible memories and create a new set of happier ones.
While Attila is relaying the details of his sad story, he cannot help but rolling off a few sad tears also. “Clement, my uncle, was a good man. He worked hard making Sea Island both his home and his livelihood. Clement should be here sharing in the joys of the land, not me.”
Attila exhales with mixed sad feelings and then inhales the fresh air continuing the story, “My daddy came here to Sea Island property, in the year 1752, after that hurricane hit and tore up the small town of Johnston. He was inside those horrible hurricane winds and then survived alone. His family, his house, and his possession were all lost and gone, including his hope. So, my daddy left out on a borrowed…stolen horse that was robbed from him by a party of wild Indians and arrived here in the open arms of both his older brother and sisters. They accepted him and aided him. He worked hard planting vegetables, clearing trees, herding the cows, killing the chickens for food. He found his second wife birthing a son, who is my mother. Heaven bless them! He passed into the heavenly realm, before the end of the Civil War. He didn’t have to see the destruction of the Deep South.”
Attila nods. “Here, now, I’m a lucky man and I’m happily married groom. I love my wife so much and we have a healthy young adult son and a beautiful, loving young adult daughter-in-law, the four remains of my current blood.”
He exhales with a smile, “So, I started my home life here as a baby. Now, I have lost my mama, my other blood-related family members from a tiny row boat of eight stupid, drunken British sailors. Then the Civil War Between the States came and took all the pre-teen, teen, young adults, and middle-age males from Clement’s family tree but me. I was a young, wild, southern rebel, afraid of nothing at nineteen year old, and by the grace of God, I survived all the wicked battles, the bloody fights, the Indians, and the Red Coats,” he nervously laughs at the seriously of the moment within American History, that he is a part and will be mentioned in the future American History academic textbooks.


Present day, place, space, and time, on top of the leather bench seat within a parked limousine, Magritte gasped in shock then stated. “Well, that’s so correct! I’m sitting right here and reading all of Attila’s diary notes. They were uploaded by another blood relative and placed on the internet. I wonder who did that work.” She continued to read in silence.

Attila continues the terrible tale to the captain and all family members. “Leaving a few elderly gentlemen, young children on tits and dry toast, and several middle-aged women, they didn’t have a fighting chance against one stronger, younger, salty, professional sailor, much less eight of them. The other Smith family members all related to my Uncle Clement Smith had resided in the first building. I and my clan members lived in the third building. The structures were arranged like as to protect both the peoples and properties. I guess it sorta worked out for us. The sailors naturally attacked the largest building thinking it contained all family members. No one survived in there. My son heard the dogs barking and got up arming his body with deadly weapons. His wife did the same thing along with my wife. Both the women and men of Sea Island live and work and own the assets protecting her, until death,” he nervously laughs with his traumatized family member regarding the severity of the bloody and deadly social situation several days ago.
He adds. “My family members crept around the dark shadows of the first building launching a surprise attack then mortality wounding all of the sailors and then killed them into death. I was racing back on a pair of old legs and a heavy heart towards the row of buildings coming from the shoreline cottage and last and late, as usual,” he nervously laughs again recalling the terrible event and then clears his throat. “So, the rest of my family members current rest in a covered grave right above a dead British sailor for security purposes, of course. The grave wooden post reads: Yellow Fever Victim. But it’s not true. We have never had an issue with a yellow fever outbreak here on Sea Island. And we didn’t want British trouble either looking for us, after they figured out eight sailors were missing, if they ever well.” He exhales with nervousness and nods to the captain while holding the hand of his wife underneath the wooden table with columns of dirty dishes. “Well, we wanna sell the lands and all the assets to you, Captain, and your sea clan, and then we will leave Sea Island for another town. What you do say, sir?”
The captain turns and views his first born child. “My ship is my home, but it can’t become my future. I’m an old sea dog; but I wanna stretch my sea legs over a plot of solid land. I wanna hear from my children first.”
The gang of blood relatives quickly yell in union the single word, “Yeah,” Then they all laugh with happiness and start to cheer and clap with glee purchasing a sea island. Attila and his family member join the celebratory.
Attila stops laughing and then presents a stern face. “Now, before we sign the legal papers, I wanna show you the indoor bathroom setting.”
“What!” The captain frowns.
“We have created and designed an indoor bathroom setting, so you don’t have to piss on the flower beds.” He laughs.
The captain shakes his bald skull and waves both of his hands in the air. “That’s all right! We’ll figure out how the indoor bathroom works on our own time and toddy,” he laughs with the others.
They all the legal papers brought by Attila, where Attila and his family will leave within two weeks. The captain receives another sack with numerous cash dollars, in lieu of his usually scheduled shipment delivery goods, with a Gentleman’s Agreement sailing both Attila and his son to the seaport of Darien. There, Attila and his son quickly purchase a new smaller plot of land for a tiny number of barnyard animals for cows, horses, pigs, and chickens while containing an ancient, older, gracious-looking two-story manor that comes with two horse barns and three outside storage sheds, one for his illegal brewing of beer. They purchase new furniture items and new household items for their new home. Then the captain delivers three beef and two dairy cows, six horses, two pig families, and a dozen chickens and one rooster from the Sea Island farm.

Magritte gasped in shock then expressed. “I can’t believe this! Attila left it all behind ya’ll! No more free food! No more horse turds! No more stinky dead bodies! No more unmarked graves!” She laughed with an evil tone and then frowned. She asked, “Is Attila allowed those livestock animals in the city of Darin? I don’t know; but I must find out!” She presented a smile and typed on the tiny keyboard looking for the new information.


****


After twenty-two minutes pondering and praying for his ailing grandfather, at 11:37 a.m., Ace stood upright with a deep sneer and then spun around advancing ahead through the long hallway, turning into the next open archway and stood inside the sitting room, which was called the living room.
The rectangular-shaped living room walls are painted in dark green hue which contains a side wall of built-in wooden shelves that faces the opposite side wall of low-lying glass windows, which views more of the manicured lawn and thick grove of wilderness. The entrance wall contains a wide square-shaped archway and side rows of short and tall wooden cabinets and tables with stuff on top of each polished wooden surface. The rear wall contains mounted picture frames of more dead and buried blood relatives, more short or tall wooden cabinets or tables with more shit on top of the wooden surface. The middle of the room featured three independent living room suites consisting of four long sofa, eight loveseat and eleven sitting chairs in leather exhibiting the colors of solid brown, solid red, and solid vanilla hue with an assortment of cushion pillows in vivid colors. In front and beside some of the furniture pieces, a dark or light colored wooden table stands ready for holding a drinking beverage or a plate of food or a reading book. The living room does not display any type of electronic equipment, such like, a television plasma screen, a musical player or a laptop computer, since the electronics are personal and stored inside the den room for Attila.
Magritte did not own a laptop computer, only her personal mobile telephone, like the rest of the citizens of the civilized world.
Ace slowly strutted ahead with a stern face and as his two eyeballs darted around the sitting room, pondering another secret door or compartment built into the ancient walls or the floor, where the roller and presser machine could be hidden from eyesight. He stopped on the side wall exhaling with worry, feeling extremely pressured for time and looked down at the face on his wrist watch. “I still have lots of time. She still isn’t at the hair salon. There’s a big traffic jam. Thank you, Almighty Father, your son Christ Jesus, the Holy Spirit, and all my heavenly angels. You’re giving me more time, without me having to create it,” he chuckled with amusement talking with the heavenly beings while hunting down a cold-blooded murderer. “The sun is blazing hot. I’m chilling cold. Where’s that damn roller and presser machine?” He looked up and viewed one of two long walls with panels of tall and short built-in wooden cabinets squatting down on the floor, opening the first cabinet. He gently shuffled one object at a time without leaving any sweaty evidence, only his blatant finger prints for Magritte.


****

At 11:39 a.m., Magritte laughed down at the tiny screen on her mobile telephone starting to read the new electronic article. “O! The internet diary addressed my question. Darien is not a grand city like Savannah or Charlestown but a small town, where numerous neighbors possess barnyard animals, who reside on the edge of township.” She continued to read in silence with a smile while enjoying the new American tale. Her parked rental transport started to smoothly roll over the city street pavement. The unknown and unseen newborn baby had been birthed in the car environment. A set of sirens blared in the air waves announcing the birth and a speeding ambulance to the emergency room at Mobile Hospital.

Two minutes later, at 11:41 a.m., the rolling limousine suddenly halted with a terrible sound of metal pain and a sudden jolt coming down from a swift road speed. Magritte tumbled sideways without hitting the side door snarling with annoyance of her incompetent driver. Before she could slam the intercom button, the rear compartment speaker squeaked like the soft sound from a tiny mouse.
“First birth, then death!” His evil laughter echoed inside the cab drifting into the rear compartment.
She quickly pushed upright and then gasped in shock. “What!” Magritte reached over and slammed the intercom button off without hearing his vicious laugh. She turned and stared at the clear side window seeing two blue-tinted flashing twirling bright lights on each rolling police motorcycle leading a long, shiny, black-tinted funeral hearse. Lines of nosy by-standers were slowly gathering on top of the concrete sideway and in the nicely manicured grass blades watching the rolling funeral procession.
She gasped in shock watching the beginning of a rolling funeral procession then reached over pressing the internal tinted window shade, blocking out the sunrays and the funeral parade. She slapped her hand down on the leather shaking her dirty curls and her dizzy neurons, looking down and then quickly started to silently read all the new information while taking her mind off the dead body on the opposite side of Springhill Avenue.

On Sea Island property, home of Attila Smith, two weeks later, on July 17th, before the sunrise, the same merchant boat arrives with an empty cargo bay but a group of happy crew members and departs Sea Island property with the remaining four Smith clan members along with their family dogs, family bags of clothing and numerous sacks hidden with weapons and cash monies.
The boat steers down the same calm seas, like a herd of fated cows, steering by the beautifully wild woodlands on the sea island property of Little Saint Simons Island without seeing the large cotton plantation or the fields of cotton stalks.
Attila knows there is a massive beautiful house in the middle of the property surrounded by miles of cotton fields and miles of dirt or crashed oyster and seashells roads, not occupied by visitors but workers. Susannah had once met the owner and called the handsome man both young and frisky.

Magritte paused and then frowned typing on her phone, “What’s Little Saint Simons Island? Is that another island or a town? Geez, Louie! I gotta stop every two seconds and then research more of the United States of America ancient history, before moving onward tracing the rest of Ace’s ancient and dead blood-relatives. Little Saint Simons Island is one of the fifteen barrier islands on the Georgia coastline with 10,000 acres of land and seven miles of sandy beaches. Well, that’s one of the biggest barrier islands. The island property was purchased in the year 1760, where the owner started growing sea cotton bolls. Of course, what else would a farmer grow on an island of sea water? In the year 1804, John Cooper purchases the island, renames the manor Cannon’s Point. O! That’s an interesting historical fact. Men like to acquire and then name all their new toys. That must be why Ace’s house has both a sissy-sounding street address and a tough-male nickname, Attila’s Hut.” Magritte shook her dirty curls and then hissed with annoyance while continuing to read the information in silence.

Little Saint Simons Island is similar to Sea Island but seven times larger and is comprised mostly of salt marsh lands, fertile soil for cotton stalks and vegetables, and a large forests of palm trees, oak trees, red cedar trees, southern magnolia trees, shaggy pine trees, longleaf pine trees, and cypress trees. All the trees drip in Spanish Moss or its nickname, Grandpa’s beard.
Spanish Moss is not moss or a name referencing the country of Spain. It is a flowering plant with tiny blooms in the colors of green or yellow or gray. The flowering plant grows hanging down almost 20 feet from each tree limb in full sunlight through partial shade.
She whispered for her eardrums only, “I heard of this information before. The sea islands appear all the same. Little Saint Simons Island continues to grow sea cotton, until the outbreak and the defeat of the southern during the First American Civil War. O! John Cooper and Attila Smith are a pair of sea island neighbors, within the same sea island neighborhood. That’s funny! I’m so clever and smart and pretty and rich. The merchant ship turns westward into the mouth of the Altamaha River heading to the same Darien seaport. Darien sits on the mouth of the Altamaha River and is located 50 miles south from the thriving city of Savannah.” She gasped in shock. “Wait! Wait! I know of the name, Altamaha. Let’s look up that name, Altamaha.” She typed on the tiny keyboard and found the new information reading silently.

The Altamaha River originates in the northern portion of the present day U.S. State of North Carolina shoreline at the Ocmulgee River and the Oconee River flowing eastwardly and then a little southwardly for 137 miles dumping 100,000 gallons of the fresh water, soil nutrients, and rock sediments down into the Atlantic Ocean at the mouth waters, which is located 15 miles south of the seaport town of Darien. The river is separated by two of the barrier islands. Little Saint Simons Island is one of the two named islands and lies on the southern side, before exposing the massive Atlantic Ocean waters. The fresh water river has been used centuries for fishing, hunting, and transportation by the Native American Indian Creeks and Cherokees and all the new and old Americans.
During modern times, American archeologists and historians have uncovered an ancient structure, which had been named Fort Caroline. The ancient fort had been built in the year 1564 by the French soldiers on the fringes of the Altamaha River. Fort Caroline is the oldest European settlement on the North America continent.
“That’s me!” Magritte grinned with a silly giggled of delight talking to her person, not her rude chauffer driver. “Told ya! The French exploders and soldiers and citizens came here to America soils first and then built the first civilized structure all before the ships of nasty Spaniard conquistadores.”
In the year 1565, the Spaniard conquistadores found the fort and then entered the structure murdering all the 143 French residents, both the men and women at Fort Caroline. Then the Yamassee Indian tribe took over living inside the abandoned fort structure for centuries, until the homestead was discovered by the English nobleman, American explorer John Musgrove.
She frowned, “That’s not me!” Magritte read in silence the rest of the story.
The South Carolina-registered privately owned merchant ship slowly steers into the mouth of Altamaha River traversing ahead through the waves in a southern directional-natural flow that combines both fresh and salt waters, inside the entrance estuary islet. Half-breed Indian, English blood, American native Attila, his Native American Indian wife Susannah, his half-breed Indian, English blood, American son Attila Samuel Smith, and his Native American Indian daughter-in-law Everleigh Maybelle Cordall Smith carefully lean over the boat railing grinning at the beauty of Mother Nature, created by the Almighty Father.
A pod of happy leaping bottle-nosed, gray-tinted dolphins lead the ship through the salty ocean waters. Some dolphins veer towards the tan-colored sandbars on the shoreline A zillion black tinted fiddler crabs slowly crawl towards the marshy brushes hiding inside its muddy home. Each dolphin muddles onto the wet bank catching a mouthful of tiny black-tinted sand fiddle crabs, who quickly rush away from their natural predatory, without luck.
A sand fiddler crab possesses a square-shaped body in black hue measuring 0.83 inches wide and 0.55 inches long. The crab lives in a colony with thousands to millions of its closest friends, families, and neighbors at the sandy edges of salt marshes or tidal flats. It burrows two feet deep in the sand and feeds near its opening. The crab is food for birds, other crabs, and pods of hunger dolphins, not humans. It eats bacteria, algae, decomposing plants, and dead parts of organisms. The name comes from the male crab possessing one a larger, oversized claw in tan hue. The other claw is normal size like the female crab. The male waves his oversized claw like a fiddler player in the air capturing and then courting a female crab for mating. The fiddler crab lives throughout the salty marshes and tidal flats throughout the world and is a vacuum cleaner of scrum and dirt of the fresh waters.
Once the remaining swimming pod of dolphins touch a mouthful of fresh water, they magically launch in the air for a breath of fresh air, acrobatically somersault a twirl for fun, and then gracefully dive back down into the water swimming away from the ship, the fresh water and return back towards the salty Atlantic Ocean.
On top of the deck, Attila hugs his wife in both love and protection. His bone skull continuously twists side to side absorbing all the colorful flying birds in the air waves, crossing above the human hair roots inside a man-made ship and then lands on the opposite side of the river into another grove of thick forestland trees. Sometimes a flying bird drops down a wet bird turd landing on the metal deck.
The mouth of the Altamaha River is the hot spot for migrating birds to rest for the new leg of their long trip, eating the spiders and crabs before starting a new flight to the warm and shiny Caribbean Islands. 5,000 acres consisting of beaches, marshes and islands are not inhabited but viewed by your eyeballs and your imagination as Mother Nature intends.
His daughter-in-law Everleigh looks up and frowns at the naughty birds sliding over the railing, watching the action on the opposite side of the boat. Pods of brown-tinted furry otters lounge on their backsides riding out the gently wakes from the ship.
The otter is called the North American river otter or common otter. It swims in the water and waddles on the land but lives near a lake or a river or in the swamplands. An otter den burrows into numerous tunnel openings close to the water’s edge with an exit point into the body of water for food and play. A mother otter births a litter of six kittens.
Fish is the favorite food but consumes salamanders, frogs, clams, mussels, snails, small turtles, crayfish.
The first settlers, coming from the continent of Europe, invading all into American lands had reduced the otter habitats and then killed thousands of otters while trapping and then harvesting their pelts for fur coats and warm hand gloves in manufacturing factories of England.
The otters had played in water and ate fish over 300,000 years ago as sets of ancient otter bones were found in the Midwestern United States regions. The ancient otters had migrated across the Bering Land Bridge with the American Indian clans to a new warmer climate and a prettier landscape too.
An otter’s face resembles a sea lion; but its body is smaller than a seal lion possessing a fine fur coat of water resistant hairs for swimming within colder temperatures. The river otter is a stocky mammal weighing between 11.00 to 31.00 pounds, possessing a pair of short legs, a muscular neck, and an elongated body with a pair of broad hips. Their long body and their long whiskers are enhanced with sensory perception underwater detecting their live prey inside darker fresh waters. Their long, tapered tail is 20 inches helping the animal gliding through the water.
Their fur coat possesses short, thick and high luster varying from light brown to black hue. The male otter is larger than the female living on an average of 25 years without human interference, of course.
An otter lives in the water and is physically equipped for river waters. Their ears are short. Their toes are webbed; their tail is one-third of its body length and is tapered like a slithering land snake for swimming in water. Their smell and hearing abilities are acute. Their paws provide both great dexterity and are sensitive to touch. However, their eyeballs feature near-sightedness vision and will approach a docked boat or a human on the beach, because their vision is adapted for underwater sight too.
Its right lung is larger with four lobes than its left adapting for underwater swimming too. Its 36 teeth are special possessing sharp canines for deadly bites into prey and large molars used to crushed including hard objects, such as, shells of mollusks. The animal lives in areas with vegetation, rock piles and sufficient coverage.
After the ship passes, the alert alligators will watch the playful otters for a swift deadly attack. The otter is the favorite food of a hungry gator.
The name, alligator, comes from the two words, el lagarto. El lagarto is the Spanish word for the lizard. The earlier Spanish explores and settlers living in present day Florida named the unknown beast. However, the alligator species lived 37 million years ago with the dinosaurs, before a single caveman burnt his fingers on the camp fire.
The American alligator weighs 790 pounds and is 13 feet long and is colored in black or dark olive brown with a white tinted underbelly. The juvenile alligators appear in bright yellow or white stripes against a set of dark-tinted scales providing a good hiding place among reeds and wetland grasses. A mature alligator can live to 80 years old and is a native to the southeastern region of the United States, Mexico and China. One million gators live and thrive in the present day U.S. State of Louisiana.
The alligator lives in a freshwater environment, such like, ponds, marshes, wetlands, rivers, lakes, and swamps. A gator constructs alligator hole in the wetlands increasing plant diversity and providing a new habitat for other animals during the drought seasons. It is a very important species for maintaining ecological diversity in the wetlands, such like, eating invasive smaller mammals as an ecological servant of Mother Nature and the human race.
A mature male gator is a solitary territorial beast and defends their prime hunting grounds. The smaller alligators tolerate each other and live in smaller numbers within the hunting grounds.
It waddles on land by a sprawl or a high walk of motion. A sprawl is a forward movement with its belly contacting the ground is used to perform a high walk or slither down into the water. A high walk occurs on the four limbs in a forward motion over land without the belly tissue touching the soil. With a heavy long body and a slow churning metabolism, the alligator can swiftly speed in a short burst of energy and then perform a short lunge catching its smaller prey in one bite. It kills larger prey by grabbing it, dragging it into the water, and finally drowning it into death. If the hungry gator cannot eat the larger prey in one bite, it performs a death roll, spinning wildly in the waters, until a set of bite-sized chunks are torn off from its dead prey for the gator’s consumption. The gator tail must flex into a significant angle relative to its body in performing a death roll. The human hunters for alligators has learned, if its tail is immobilized tail, the gator cannot perform a death roll defending its body and killing the human plus its jawline muscles are weak and can be closed with several wraps of common duct tape while preventing the beast from biting or killing a human during transportation to the commercial human markets for slaughter providing meats or leather goods.
The beast is timid around humans swimming away from the danger but will learn to eat people food from humans while desiring a new social friendship. The young gators eat fish, insects, snails, crustaceans, and worms. The mature alligator consumes gar, turtles, muskrat, birds, deer, and other reptiles ambushing pet dogs, Florida panthers, and black bears.
The male and female wiggle on the ground together performing an alligator dance during their courtship cycle of love or sex. The female builds a nest of vegetation, where it decomposes providing heat to incubate her eggs. The sex of her babies is determined by the temperature in the nest. The incubation temperature of 86 degrees Fahrenheit produces a daughter gator. A higher incubation temperature creates a male baby gator. The mama gator will protect and raise her babies for one year, before leaving the nest as mature alligator will eat the babies.
The differences between a crocodile and an alligator. The crocodile has a toothy smile exposing both the upper and lower teeth to its victim, before death bite or death roll. The crocodile thrives in salty marshes, unlike an alligator. The crocodile possesses a V-shape snout; the alligator features a U-shaped snout. And finally, a crocodile is more aggressive than an alligator.
His son, who is nicknamed Ass, points to a parade of slow-moving manatees swimming at the speed of three miles per hour, in the three feet of shallow waters, within the lagoon. Within the lagoon, on top of a long tan-colored sandbar, three female alligators sun in the warm rays without watching the parade of slow-moving manatees which is not their usual lunch meal. On top of each alligator, a wood stoke bird teases the beast for fun, without becoming the next food meal. At the same time, the tree limbs hold numerous snakes looking for their next meal too watching all the perched birds among the hidden leaves as each bird sings a happy warning to the slow-moving manatees regarding the dangerous and hunger alligators.
The pod of manatees appears in dull gray color but with long or short strikes from a man-made object or a sea predator hitting its tough skin tissue. It is nicknamed as the sea cow because of its long, heavy body without legs and a matching face similar to the dairy cow on land. Also, the mammal nickname represents a slow plant-eater and a peaceful animal, who grazes on sea plants within tropical seas, like a milk and cheese producing dairy cow grazes on land plants.
It is a very, fully aquatic, plant-eating marine mammal, not a deep sea creature, measuring 15 feet and two inches and weighs 3,900 pounds presenting a paddle-like flipper for slowly steering through the shallow warm waters.
A male manatee weigh less than the female at 1,210 pounds and is shorter at nine feet and ten inches. A female manatee breeds every two years and produces on calf. A baby manatee weight 66 pounds at birth. The gestation cycle is 12 months. The mother weans the calf off her tits at 18 months old.
The manatee uses its upper lip to gather food and then eat fifteen percent of its body weight per day while conducting social interaction and communication with its pod of friends and families. Its older teeth are replaced throughout its life growing new teeth in the rear of its mouth, like an elephant. It eats 60 different freshwater and saltwater plants living in the shallow, marshy of the southern USA coastlines including the warm Gulf of Mexico waters consuming pickerel weed, alligator weed, water lettuce, water celery, musk grass, mangrove leaves, sea grasses, shoal grass, manatee gras, turtle grass, widgeon grass, sea clover, and marine algae.
Like a land horse, it possesses a simple stomach with 45 meters length of intestines for consuming and then digesting tough plant matter. A manatee is a solitary animal sleeping fifty percent of the day underwater, surfacing for air in 20 minute intervals. The rest of the time, it slowly swims between three to five miles-per-hour while slowly grazing for seven hours on the soft or hard plant life within in shallow waters at a depth of three to seven feet but can swim forward in a short burst at 20 miles-per-hour away from a predator. If a manatee is threatened, it dives deeply down into the ocean waters away from the humans.
It can walk on the bottom of the sea floor using its paddle flipper tail digging out the vegetative plants and roots for food coming up from the soil. Then it uses two flippers and scoops the food into its lips. A manatee can live to become 60 years old until a human ends its precious life force or a hungry crocodile.
Like an elephant, a manatee possesses good long-term memory cells; like a dolphin, it demonstrates learned tasks of complex associations. It emits communication patterns using taste, smell, sight, sound, and touch to its calf.
Modern times, the species of sea cows are not threatened by the decreasing cold water temperatures from the melting ice caps in the North Pole, diseases and sickness from the dangerous and deadly red tinted algae waves, and all humans rather than a pod of shoreline bull sharks, ya’ll!
On the boat, Attila’s two eardrums enjoy the numerous individual songs from all the birds including birds of prey, shorebirds, songbirds, wading birds, waterfowl, and raptors.
Each side of the river holds part of an island covered a thick green tinted forestland of tall cypress trees, red cedar trees, black oak trees, longleaf pine trees and other types of tree species. Attila cannot name the individual trees but has seen them for decades during the massive destruction during a windy ocean storm and then the rapid magnificence growth of Mother Nature, within his eyes while residing on Sea Island. His heart drops down into his toes and as his active mind ponders his final decision leaving his home paradise, his birth place, and his dead mother, and his other dead kinfolks, who are buried in the middle of the cow pasture without a grave marker and for security purposed on Sea Island.
His father, Adam Samuel Smith had arrived at Sea Island, in the year 1752, after the Great Hurricane wiped out the tiny growing settlements of Town Pointe, Wentland’s Ferry, and Johnston off the American landscape. He spent the rest of his 27 years on Sea Island meeting and then marrying his second wife, losing all his older brother and two sisters, birthing a newborn infant son, working the lands, feeding the livestock, and then peacefully died in the middle of the American Revolutionary War, not knowing that he became a free man from the England and a new citizen of the United States of America.
Now, a self-proclaimed Attila, the aging American Revolutionary War hero, at the age of 52, is hunting for a new place among the new citizens of the America too.
Susannah smells the vanilla fragrant coming from all the wild plants seeing the beautiful wetland colors in yellow or white or orange.
The Georgia Plumes bloom in the month of July and then turn scarlet red as each flower drops from its spike home steam. The wild plant grows 30 feet tall in the air as its one foot plume-like spines with an array of tiny white flowers reaches for the skyline. Each flower spine contains dozens of individual blossoms. The plant only thrives in rich sandy soil and moist warm river bank on the Altamaha River, of the coastal plain, here in the Georgia sea islands.
The ship passes the thick woodlands on each side of the river bank with an occasional empty or occupied tan-colored sandbar leading up onto a short mound of wild grasses. Th grasses grow into the dense painting with light to medium to dark colored green tinted marshes and then venturing into a thicker environment of rich greens, light browns, and dark blacks covering miles of beautiful forestlands. The river boat pace is slow. The sights are beautifully incredible; the sounds are both scary and soothing. The groves of thick ancient tall trees hide a mysterious world consisting of bugs, mink, deer, ospreys, other wild and dangerous animals, and all the spying Indians.
The captain steers the boat and shouts down to the Smith clan, “Don’t lean over too closer onto the boat rails! Else, Altamaha-ha will rise up and get you by its mouth,” he laughs with his own family members, who are the crew members on the ship.
The Altamaha River features a river creature. It was first seen by the Frenchman on the shallow river bank. The creature is 20 feet long and possesses dinosaur-like features with dark-colored, rough skin tone, an elongated neck, a mouth filled with sharp teeth, two flippers like a whale, and a snake-like tail with a triangular-shaped spike. Both the Native American Indians and colonial settlers have seen the creature during an eating frenzy with sturgeon fish. The creature lives in the lower regions of the salt marshes, where the water depth hides its body and its home and inhabits the small streams and rice fields near the mouth of the Altamaha River. The Native American Muscogee Indians named it, Altamaha-ha. The English settlers shortened the name and call it, Altie.
Magritte snarled. “There, you go! The Indians saw it first. Then the Indians made-up the terrible tale scaring all the stupid white, pale-faced men and women off their Native American hunting grounds, outta of their Native American burial sites, and away from their Native American fertile farmlands. That didn’t work, ya’ll! Who are the Native American Muscogee Indians tribe anyways?”
The Muscogee Indians ruled by clans. A clan contained all the family units. The maternal line was the head of the family clan. All babies from a Muscogee mother was considered a Muscogee Indian member. The tribe members lived, thrived and ruled from the upper territories of present day North Carolina going south to into the panhandle of present day U.S. State of Florida then heading westward into present-day Alabama to the Mississippi line.
In the year 1540 A.D., when Spanish exploder Hernando de Soto arrived onto the New World landscape, literally, he met and greeted the Native American Muscogee Indians first. After De Soto’s destruction through his contagious deadly childhood diseases and germs, and his violent human anger moods on the Indian Nations, the chief of the Muscogee Indians allied with the rest of the Indian tribes offering a peaceful trade, instead of warring parties with a white man scalp to foreign invaders on the Indian lands.
In the year 1564, the French built Fort Caroline which was destroyed the Spanish conquistadores and then reclaimed by the Native American Indian Yamassee tribe. For decades, the Indian tribes grew field crops consisting of green beans, green peas, melons, pumpkins, corn, squash, and sweet potatoes.
In the year 1670, the new English colonists traded goods at the royal colony of Charles Town with the Muscogee Indians including flintlocks for guns, gunpowder for guns, axes, glass beads, cloth, and rum alcoholic for numerous deer skin pelts and groups of captured Native American Indians as slaves, who left American and worked in the Caribbean sugar plantations.
In the year 1702, the Frenchmen, women, soldiers, slaves, and an invisible French Crown established the present-day seaport city of Mobile, within the present day U.S. State of Alabama.
In the year 1704, English nobleman, first governor of South Carolina, Colonel James Moore led an English militia plus numerous Yamasee warriors destroying all the Spanish missions in the small towns in present day U.S. State of Florida. They captured 10,000 Indians and sold them as slaves throughout Europe. Then the greedy English traders paid in goods other Native American Indian tribes to attack and then enslave the Yamassee natives creating the Yamassee War of 1715 to 1717. In the aftermath, the Muscogee Indians destroy their fellow Indian clans or absorb the clans into their tribe.
Magritte smiled. “I found it. The earliest method for developing the non-royal colony of Savannah. I almost wondered what the American and English history books did not tattle.”
In the month May, in the year 1718, Muscogee Chief diplomatically arranged a treat or trick for the three most powerful foreign Crowns and their natives to establish colonist forts, on the Indian lands, within the New World. The Spain conquistadores went south to the present day U.S. State of Florida. The Frenchmen went west to present day U.S. State of Alabama. And the English Red Coats planted their boot soles in Georgia, specifically in the present day city of Darien.
In the year 1720, the first clan of Scottish Highlanders came to the New World, arriving in the colony of Charles Town, working as an Indian trader of English goods and eventually started to capture and then sell humans, the Native American Indian slaves into the British Empire, the British territories, and the American colonies.
In the year 1721, Fort King George was built by John Barnwell, a successful cotton planter from the Colony of South Carolina, who volunteered to oversee the work, when he was assigned by the Crown. By the year 1727, a mysterious fire destroyed parts of the fort. Then the developer Barnwell, the workers, and the soldiers all died from local diseases and food starvation leaving the fort both empty and abandoned until the end of time.
In the year 1725, English man, son of royal South Carolina governor, John Musgrove was trading with the local Native American Indian clans at the Yamacraw Bluff. He married the half-sister of the Muscogee Chief Mary from the Wind Clan. The Muscogee Chief became involved in the development location of the new Colony of Savannah by offering a river bluff site below the Atlantic Ocean waters belonging to the loyal Indian tribes siding with the English Crown coming from the semi-destroyed and divided Native American Yamassee Indian tribes. So, English nobleman and fur trader John Musgrove established a trading post in the new Savannah colony and married the half-sister of the Muscogee Chief. The founder, first Governor of the Savannah colony, English nobleman, General James Oglethorpe began his ward city layout of the new town.
In the year 1727, the Muscogee Chief aided James into acquiring a long chain of fifteen barrier islands starting from the lower Savannah delta to the Saint James River ending at the Saint Simson Island.
In the year 1732, on November 12th, Englishman, General James Oglethorpe, supplies, and 114 English colonists…not prisoners…left the seaport of The Downs traveling eight weeks over the rough waters of the Atlantic Ocean, carrying a secret down in the bows of the ship.
In the year 1733, on January 13th, the merchant ship named Anna arrived in the seaport of Charles Town, royal colony of South Carolina reloading supplies and resting the prisoners, before the ship sailed to its final destination.
At the same time, Spanish slaves and soldiers-settlers were constructing Spanish forts, in the oldest city of the USA in St. Augustine, within the present day U.S. State of Florida.
At the same time, Charles Town was producing rice plantations and growing in both crops and citizens.
On February 1st, the same ship named Anna arrived at the Yamacraw Bluff carrying South Carolina rice plantation slaves, English colonists, and dead English bodies due to the invasion of the unknown and contagious Influenza virus. From the 114 colonists, only 68 survived or carried the Flu strand also. The slaves and the 40 English family members started building a guard wall around the new colony of Savannah.
The new English territories established a neutral zone against the growing and greedy Spain settlers while guaranteeing Native American Indian hunting grounds and protecting all the English assets. During this time period, the Muscogee Indian women were marrying English white settlers, and their mixed Indian children took on British names, such like, Alexander McGillivray.
In the new Colony of Savannah, a woman owned one acre of land; a man owned 50 acres of farm land and a rich man purchased 500 acres of farmland.
The woman settlers owned the newly built Inns and the Taverns. The man settlers owned the lands.
The women settlers produced the children, run the household, prepared the cooked meals, cleaned and meddled all the dirty clothes, helped plant the fields and then harvested the crops. A woman became the farmer when her husband died or fled the colony.
Language interpreter English lady and Indian native Mary Musgrove was considered a troublesome troublemaker to the non-royal Colony of Savannah government leaders as she spoke her mind, her independent thoughts, and boldly behaved like a man, not a lady.
A Savannah lady remained anonymously quiet while filling the multiple roles as a wife, a mother, a sister, and a servant for the survival, growth, and stability of her family unit, her new English town, and her country of England.
In the year 1736, James requested more Scottish Highlanders as soldiers-settlers for the growing colonies of both Darien and Savannah.
In the year 1738, both the Savannah poor land owners and farmers blamed Englishman James for the massive lack of buying lands, the lack of working slaves and the lack of run alcoholic beverages, resulting in an economic hardship on the new colony.
In the year 1742, James continued to create battle fights with the Spaniards causing the family units from the Scottish Highlanders to leave the seaport of Darien fleeing to Charles Town.
In the year 1743, James left the colony of Savannah for his homeland of England living there until his death day.
In the 1750s, the Savannah seaport was exporting 50,000 deerskin pelts, every calendar year. In the year 1760s, the seaport was exporting 60,000 deerskin pelts from America to Europe.
In the year 1763, the French and Indian War began. The Frenchmen lost; the Englishmen moved in. The clans from the Native American Muscogee Indians paired with the England settlers during the battle fights and then offered a peaceful alliance while protecting their native Indian lands. Note: A militia consisted of men ranging from ages 16 years old to 60 years old.
In the year 1776, the American Revolutionary War began in the month of June. The Muscogee Indian braves sided with the British Loyalties. The American patriots won; the Indians lost and then became anger continuing the battle fights until the year 1783.
In the month of January. in the year 1784, Muscogee Chief Alexander McGillivray worked for the country of Spain and declared all the fertile free lands in present U. S. State of Georgia as Native American Indian lands and controlled the deerskin market in that area. The expanding new Americans did not care about Alexander and his Indian tribes, only invading and grabbing more Indian lands.
In the year 1786, the Indians continued their warring parties against all the white settlers in the territories of Alabama, Tennessee, and Missouri.
In the year 1790, Muscogee Chief Alexander McGillivray surrendered his battle fight with the white man and signed a new peace agreement called the Treaty of New York, ceding 22 million acres of Indian lands to the United States of America, returning all the fugitive runaway slaves, and keeping all the Muscogee Indians lands.
At the same time, in the country of France, during the France Revolutionary War, thousands of single men and French families invaded the United States of America, particularly along the sea islands on the coastline of U.S. State of Georgia. The Smith single maidens, available bachelors, the widows and the widowers married some of the French single men and mademoiselles while further blending the pure English blood line.
In the year 1793, Muscogee Chief Alexander McGillivray died. The creation of the automatic Cotton Gin machine opened minds and dreams of wealth from miles of cotton fields; all the fertile lands in present state of Georgia were claimed by new settlers for future cotton plantations.
In the year 1796, President of the United States George Washington encourages the Indian clans to become a civilized race, live in peace, and act like the Americans such like, building homes, constructing farm communities, farming the land, educating their children, and embracing Christianity. Then the Americans would accept the Indians as friends and neighbors.
In the year 1800, a white, spoiled, rich kid from the U.S. State of Maryland named William Augustus Bowles, at the age of 40 years old, assumed the title of the Muscogee Chief, established a home Indian base at present day city of Tallahassee and started to invade the Gulf of Mexico waters attacking all the Spanish fishing and merchant ships. Within months of the same year, Bowles became both defeated and deflated by the Spanish forces landing his person inside a tiny cold jail cell as a Cuban prisoner, in present day city of Havana, within the present day country of Cuba. He died there in the year 1802 at the age of 42 years old.
For 20 years, the Indian Nations were both quiet and peaceful living their way of life. In the month of March, in the year 1811, the Muscogee Chief viewed a bright comet tail within the dark night sky receiving a dream vision to reclaim all their native American Indians lands from the Americans. So, all the Muscogee Indian clans joined the surviving Creek Indian tribes throughout the following U.S. States of Tennessee, Alabama, and Georgia creating the Red Sticks clan, a secretive society of angry Indians. A Muscogee tradition states carrying a bundle of painted sticks marks the day of an upcoming great event. The Red Sticks painted tree limb sticks in the color of red symbolizing war.
In the month of August, in the year 1812, a pack of braves from the Red Sticks surprised and then killed some of the American soldiers and settlers at Fort Detroit, in the present day city of Nashville, within U.S. State of Tennessee.
In the month of February, in the year 1813, another pack bolder braves from the Red Sticks plus the British Loyalists attacked and killed two families on a dirt road. The White Sticks leadership discovered the nasty braves from the Red Stick clan and then publicly executed them, in front all the Indians. This murderous action created an internal civil war within the Indian Nations. The battle fights were between the Red Sticks and the White Sticks known as the Red Stick War. The White Stick carried around white painted sticks representing camps of nice peaceful Indians, such like the Choctaw and Cherokee, who a desired friendly relationship and trade with the new Americans.
In the month of July, on the 22nd, a new pack of braves from the Red Sticks were traveling down a familiar dirt road between present day city of Mobile and the present day city of Pensacola receiving wagons of arms, weapons, and gunpowder from the Spanish forts and French settlements as the Spanish and French Crowns did not want the Americans expanding into the western lands. An American patrol spotted them and then attacked but retrieved in defeat, not capturing the Indians or the wagons of weapons.
In the month of August, on the 30th day, another pack of braves from the Red Sticks attacked Fort Mims, in the present day U.S. State of Alabama killing 500 settlers including women and children, creating a bloody massacre, called the Battle of Burnt Corn.
The United States of American government reacted sending General Andrew Jackson, USA military soldiers and local militias coming from three states. They attacked and killed 3,000 Red Stick braves massively damaging the egos and destroying the plans of the Red Stick Indians, until the war ended on August 9, in the year 1814. The Muscogee and Creek Indian ceded 23 million acres of Indian lands creating the U.S. State of Alabama, in the year 1819.
Magritte giggled. “Well, that was a short and sweet American Indian history lesson. Now, I’m back in the past year of 1813 leaving the Smith clan on top of the deck of a sailing merchant ship. Where was my original storyline? O yes! The tale of Altamaha-ha on the Altamaha River.”

For centuries, the Native American Indians and all the new English settlers viewed the creature during an eating frenzy with a school of sturgeon fish. The Indians call it, Altamaha-ha. The English settlers shortened the name and call it, Altie. The Altamaha-ha is a mysterious river creature, who is the third cousin to the Scottish Loch Ness Monster.
She laughed out loud in an unladylike fashion and then caught her puffs of sour breathes. “Do I need to elaborate any further! Those Scottish lads and lassies sure have a way of humoring the old and dead American colonists and future American citizens. Even the Scotland has a river monster named Nessie, the Loch Ness monster. Lock Ness is a deep freshwater lake in the Scottish Highlands. There’s the same term, Scottish Highlands where the Scottish Highlanders live and bred and then die. Loch Ness Lake is 23 miles from the city of Inverness. The Loch Ness Monster lives in the high peat content surrounding the soil, so no human with one or two good eyeballs has seen or possesses a sharp mind has verified the lake monster. However, there are boat tours for money to try capturing a glance of the monster.
“O! Least, we do not forgo, a second river monster, here, in the United States of America. Champ lives, thrives, and survives in Lake Champlain, a 125 mile body of fresh water shared by the two present day U.S. States of New York and Vermont. The first sight occurred in the year 1609 by a Canadian. The monster is 189 feet long and colored in silver-gray hue. A head like a horse and a long neck like a plesiosaurus sea reptile, a long snort with a double row of sharp teeth, without the four flippers and a long tail like a whale. Of course, it looks not like a horse but a prehistoric dinosaur too, three, four,” she laughed with amusement. “And there are boat tours, tee shirts, and a sporting team named after it, too boot.” She frowned and continued to read in silence. “Back to the merchant ship ride with the Smith clan, the rest of the smooth trip on top of the calm Altamaha River, within a clear, cloudless, heated July day is uneventful but a beautiful experience. The Smith clan have never ventured away from Sea Island before. This historical event will place them permanently in the seaport city of Darien with an afternoon summer shower, until their final death day. The end of them!” She frowned. “Yeah! Yeah! Someone, come and cry me a sad tale or write me a bad story, like this one,” she laughed with an evil tone and then snarled. “Now, back to the history books!” She typed on the tiny keyboard and found the new information reading in silence.

On a short bluff, watching the waters, on the northeastern side of the river, the merchant ship slowly approaches two miles from the seaport. Attila grabs the eye lenses from the chest viewing the abandoned Fort King George. The building is 92 years old and is slowly falling apart lumber plank by lumber plank. Some of the structures are used during the flood season and for hurricane shelters in high winds as the structure has withstood strong and sturdy from a nasty day with Mother Nature.
Fort King George building is comprised of cypress blockhouse with three matching soldier’s barracks. The fort was the first English settlement in the Georgia marshlands granted a charter and then named after King George, II. The construction started in the year 1721 by a cotton planter named John Barnwell. By the year 1727, Barnwell, the workers, and soldiers all died from local diseases and food starvation.
The seaport of Darien resides within Mcintosh County, within the U.S. State of Georgia coastline at the mouth of the Altamaha River. Darien is 50 miles south of Savannah, Georgia and part of the Brunswick metro area. 
The 2010 census of people records 1,975 citizens. Darien is the second oldest city in the state of Georgia originally named New Inverness.
The Darien city limits covers two square miles of land. In the year 1850, the recorded population was 550 individuals. In the year 1813, the population houses 135 individuals plus four new residents. The town of Darien is a fancy sight to see and smell and hear, when it is compared to the large wooden natural colored structures for both humans and horses on the coastal Sea Island, which had been lovely built by Clement Samuel Smith and his family members from the years 1734 to 1742.
The town of Darien radiates old southern charm and new wealth and a row of new tabby-coated buildings for business commerce, industry warehouses of for exporting wares, working merchants, ship owners, fishermen, and warehouse laborers.
The creation of the settlement of Darien starts within the American Colonial History, in the year 1721, Fort King George building is constructed representing the southernmost outpost, within the British Empire, inside the native American Indian lands, on the continent of North America.
In the year 1727, the fort becomes abandoned due constant vicious attacks by the Spanish forces resulting in all the dying soldiers and workers from both diseases and food starvation.
In the year 1736, in the month of January, English nobleman James Oglethorpe arrives and finds the abandoned fort moving two miles west, claiming the new forestland for the King of England.
In the month of January, on the 10th, a British merchant ship named Prince of Wales unloads 177 men, women and children Inverness immigrants from the Scottish Highlands within the country of Scotland. The Scottish Highlanders name the new land New Inverness, after their homeland. And then change the name to Darien, a failed settlement in the Panama. Two Scots are Lachlan McGillivray, traders and planter, and Lachlan McIntosh, an American Revolutionary leader.
In the month of February, based on Oglethorpe’s center square layouts, they finish building a small cypress wooden battery housing four cannons behind a newly constructed wooden pier ramp and a wooden guard house. On the opposite side, within the thicket of shade trees, they construct a wooden chapel and numerous individual wooden huts for families, single men, and leaders.
In the month of March, they start constructing two military forts 60 miles south of Darien. Later in the year, James had to abandon one of the forts by a signed peace agreement with the Spanish forces in present day U.S. State of Florida. Then he orders a new fort on present day island barrier known as Saint Simons Island. The fort is called Fort Frederica.
In the year 1737, the Scottish soldiers engage in too many battles at new cannon battery in Darien and experience poor food harvest, killing and selling a few grazing cattle for food and profit while cutting timber from trees selling in the seaport of Savannah. The English Trust Company delivers 44 new Scottish Highlanders soldiers-settlers protecting and expanding the city.
In the year 1739, the clan of Scottish Highlanders bands the concept of slavery in the city. In the month of October, the War of Jenkin’s Ear begins fighting with the Spaniards. In the month of November, two Scots are killed.
In the year 1740, General James Oglethorpe gathers all the soldiers from Darien and the South Carolina colonists attacking four Spanish forts, within the Florida lands, at the Battle of Fort Mose, where the Spanish forces kill or capture 51 Darien citizens. 75 percent of the Scots abandon their home city of Darien fleeing to the Colony of Charles Town without facing additional deadly attacks from the Spanish conquistadores.
In the year 1741, an English merchant ship arrives at the pier carrying 43 Scottish Highlanders to live and reside inside the semi-abandoned city of Darien.
In the year 1749, the concept of slavery is introduced in the city.
In the year of 1776, Dairen becomes a new illegal seaport for the block aid runners importing weapons, food stuffs, medicine, clothes and supplies to the American patriots in the American Revolutionary War. The battery fort is rebuilt, reloaded, and reused defending the American ships and American city from the British warships.
The waterfront river cypress wooden pier lies on the eastern side of the Darien River but faces the western skies. The pier displays a line of small and large commercial merchant ship dropping off lumber pallet and seafood tubes while waiting on a new shipment consisting sawn timber and cotton bales. The air waves stir with heated pine tree odors and fishy smells from the river bank.
The long, flat sandy colored yellow tinted soil in front of the wooden pier runs into a thick forest of trees, row of scrubs, and pods of colorful wild flowers displaying on the opposite end a single tall empty warehouse made of dull-looking tabby walls, without a front entrance wall. A tabby wall is a concrete mixture of burnt oyster shells which creates lime. Then the lime is mixed with water, sand, animal bone ash, and broken oyster shells.
On Sea Island property, first owner Clement Samuel Smith had built all his structures with the tabby wall concrete mixture too. The Spanish settlers introduced the homemade product to the New World and applied it to all their forts, structures and buildings in present-day U.S. State of Florida.
Beside the warehouse side building, a plot of dirt holds individual export items including three pallets of sawn piles of lumber and a row of five cotton bales. Behind the row of exposed export items, on the opposites side of the warehouse, a new tabby wall structure stands two-stories tall featuring a short entrance wall with two rows of long windows and a single trimmed entrance door, and a short gable rooftop. The side of the pretty concrete rooftop slightly curves upwards, like a smile to the visiting sea ships to the busy seaport. The Adam-Strain Building is a new office building with row of open partitions inside the internal walls for each Cotton Factor, who prices each cotton bale and pallet of yellow-tinted sawn timber.
In the year 1815, a new naval store will open beside two more cotton exchange warehouses in front of the wooden pier holding additional rows of cotton bales and pallets of sawn timber. During the time period of 1815 to1830, Darien becomes the leading commercial seaport for the exports of cotton, rice and timber.
In the same year, within the new city of Mobile, Alabama, there are 3,194 existing individuals.
Back in Darien, Georgia, beside the Adam-Strain Building, a long, overstory of wooden creates a homemade veranda structure shading a line of sitting bodies. Each body wears an indigo colored sleeveless shirt, a pair of cargo pants, a pair of bare feet, and a wide straw hat displaying on numerous black tinted and brown tinted slaves, who are freely owned by both the cotton planters and the owner of exchange warehouse. The slaves slowly shift the lumber piles, the tubes of seafood, and the cotton bales off each local merchant ships and then in the local markets or inside the English sea vessels, after the ship owners had purchased all the required export products for their sponsors.
Behind the free standing veranda structure, a semi-crooked row of parked open work wagons lounge underneath a thick line of tall oak trees with Spanish moss cooling in the dark shade from the bright sunlight. Each parked wagon seats the owner and is hooked up to a pair of horses or a two pair of work mules.
From the deck of the tall ship, Attila can see the perfect square-shaped town layout of Darien. The town square concept was created by a dead and buried James Oglethorpe from England.
A dirt road mixed with crushed seashells and oyster shells in dull gray hue leads due east paralleling the first square and provides three side roads into the short blocks of structures.
The center of the first square stands 200 feet away from the wooden pier holding a semi-circle of tall shade trees with moss and four individual walking pathways leading in the four geographical directions. The walkway is comprised crushed seashells, oyster shells, and sand grains in an ugly dull-gray hue.
On the north side of the center square, a tall two-story, whited tinted, cypress wooden church with a pointy white tinted steeple stands and is enclosed around a grove of lovely shade trees. There is a small graveside 100 feet behind the rear church wall.
On the southern side of the center square, a two-story block building in dull silver tinted tabby wall siding contains a massive mercantile store for animals and humans plus a chandlery for sea ships. Gray tinted walking pathways run around the building below lovely lines of shade trees with moss also.
Another 120 feet from the center square, two rows of residential house stand beside and behind each other comprising 40 Colonial style residential homes. Each house contains one acre of land within groves of tall shade trees. Ten houses fill one a block. Each white tinted cypress wooden frame house is one story or two-stories tall featuring a set of low-lying large, glass windows and a single front entrance door. Each house is surrounded by a white tinted wooden fence and contains numerous small and live barnyard animals and domestic pets. A walkway runs north to south between the blocks of residential homes.
Beyond the last row of 20 existing homes, 200 feet in the distance, a new block of homes are under construction for the new growing citizens to live, work, and play in Darien. And beyond the new houses, the land is flat and rich in tall grasses, rows of scrubs, tall shade trees, and wild plants and flower beds.
Back at the waterfront pier, the merchant ship easily slips into the last berth position in line exporting the Smith family and all their personal possession from the internal compartments. The ship owner had made prior arrangement for two horse-drawn wagons transporting both the people and their possessions to their new homestead on the outskirts of the small seaport town.
The Smith dogs rush down the ramp first and then stop on top of the pier and start barking at all the strange peoples underneath the veranda shading. Daughter-in-law Everleigh Maybelle Cordall Smith quickly races down the ram and chases after the dogs while wildly whistling, corralling the pack of upset canines into her ripped and then patched, brown tinted, home-made, cotton skirt. She wears a ripped but patched, white-tinted, short-sleeved blouse as the weather air temperature is both hot and heated, a floppy brown tinted ratty hat covering her sweaty face, her two ear points, and her messy wet hair roots, and a pair of unpolished leather boots over her delicate feet.
Ass quickly rushes down the small ramp and gently slams into his wife with happy laughter aiding her with the dogs also. He dresses in a similar attire as the farm work requires a pair of good leather boots, a large hat, a pair of loose trousers, and a loose white tinted shirt capturing the body sweat, drifting sand grains, flying bugs, and landing bird shit.
The merchant captain slowly exits the ship strolling down the wooden ramp beside Attila pointing to the active sights and loud sounds of city life. His wife Susannah marches behind his back spine and hides behind a large yellow-tinted straw un-fashionable stiff hat as she is a Native American Indian female. Her native kin are sometimes precepted as both hostile and unfriendly to the European immigrants and some of her Native American Indian clans.
Attila stops on top of the dirt-coated battery and continues to smile at the lovely city, his new home.
Susannah stops beside him viewing her new environment. She is nervous and happy about leaving Sea Island also. The sailor incident scared her brainless. Attila’s decision to leave the island for additional protection, during the remaining days of upcoming bloody battles, within the new War of 1812, for his family members is a very wise choice, even though her presence might be a little difficult among her new neighbors here in Darien.
The town of Darien is a fancy site, when it is compared to the large wooden natural colored structures for both humans and horses on the coastal Sea Island, which had been lovely built by Clement Samuel Smith and his family members from the years 1734 to 1742. The town of Darien radiates old southern charm and new wealth and a row of new tabby-coated buildings for business commerce, industry warehouses for exporting wares, working merchants of goods from both England and the rest of the world, ship owners, fishermen, and warehouse laborers.
Susannah sees the array of colorful flowers that bloom all season from the warm temperatures; the flock of flying birds and the butterflies, and a row of parked wagons with animal transportation. Attila sees each building and memories the location, viewing a lovely pale blue sky with thick groves of tall oaks trees covered in Spanish moss.
She hears the lovely church bells creating musical notes and high-pitched voices from small children drifting throughout the light breeze. He hears the musical songs coming from the working slaves across the creek at the Butler rice plantation; hardy voices of males on the decks of the ships, and loud sounds of merchants selling their wares on the dirt street.
The Butler Island rice plantation lies on the western side of the Darien River across from the city of Darien. The island comprises 10,000 acres of land, where 1,000 acres with 500 slaves work the rice fields. The plantation is owned by Pierce Butler, a Philadelphia businessman and the grandson of Major Pierce Butler, a Revolutionary War veteran, a U.S. Senator and one of the richest men in America. The plantation features a system of dikes and canals for the cultivation of rice installed by engineers from the country of Holland.
Attila smells the heated tar on each standing or rolling wagon wheel; the body sweat from each crew member loading their personal bags inside the wagon bed, and the delightful aroma of new food items including baked goods, fried fish, and fresh fruits. Attila turns and then leans over smiling into the nose profile on his 15-year-old son. “Why don’t we take our wagons and our possessions storing them inside our new homestead and then we return back and inspect the new smells of new food items?”
“Yes, sir!” Ass nods with a smile gently escorting his wife Everleigh and their pack of dogs ahead. They occupy a second wagon filled with their bags of fresh foods, weapons, cash monies, and personal clothing items.
Attila shuffles Susannah ahead to the first wagon, enters, and then slowly steers a team of draft horses ahead down a lonely dirt road towards their new homestead. The wagon passes lines of overstory trees shading the sunlight on his right side as the sunlight burns his cheekbone on his left side. Attila turns and smiles at a flat patch of dirt covered in short weeds and piles of busted cypress planks. He points to the open field. “That was the location of infamous Fort Darien in the year 1736. The skilled Scottish Highlanders arrived from the cold, wind-swept moors of Scotland for their service and their pay to the country of England. Most of the Scots stayed here becoming part of the America rebellion and then became part of the American citizenry. The other brave and bold Scots died in English battle fights with both the Indians and Spaniards. The Scots guarded and fought strategically at the clever fort location that spied down on the sneaky Spanish conquistadores, losing too many land or sea battle with Spanish conquistadors and then abandoning the fort, in the same year. The Scots were also building Fort Frederica on Saint Simons Island too. Fort Darien had been used during the American Revolutionary War. The exchange warehouse and building didn’t exist back then, so the two cannons could straight their balls right into the enemy ships docked at the pier. Well, Darien wasn’t involved in the war and continued to proper a little bit importing and exporting shipments. After the war, the slaves took down the fort plank by plank, after the American patriots won the field battles. Now, those same planks have been used in the buildings structures around here.”
The two horses slowly prance ahead passing another flat field displaying long and tall rows of fresh growing vegetables and fruit trees for all the citizens of Darien. “That’s also part of Oglethorpe’s ancient grand center square. Each family is provided five acres of land for fresh gardens and fruit trees. The gardens display slave-labor working some of the rows while hoeing the out tall ugly weeds, watering the dry soil.”
He slows the horses and then turns into the first dirt road. The new atmosphere of Darien is flooded with playful musical notes coming from pods of talented musicians strumming banjos and then a different group of skilled individuals blowing on a bagpipe standing in the middle of the square on top of the dirt soil.
Attila points to each row of all the buildings sitting behind the river bank. “This entire place is called Vernon Square. I don’t know Vernon, but I guess I can inquire,” he nervously chuckles at his new home. “The square concept was created and planned by our old neighbor James Oglethorpe. I didn’t know James either, but I guess I can inquire. The town square of Darien is patterned after the eighteen town squares in the city of Savannah from 1733. So, Darien is the hot spot to become social and all, my darling!” She giggles at his silly statement.
Throughout the time period of the 1800’s, Vernon Square is the business, cultural, and religious center of Darien. As the export businesses grow, lumber barons, rich merchants, and cotton planters came, built, moved and resided in the growing seaport of Darien.
He points to the center square holding an array of musicians. “Ah! Do I hear the sweet sound of Scottish bagpipe music? Those Scots get it right! That big white structure is called the First Presbyterian Church founded by ancient clan of Scottish Highlanders, in the year 1736. The city graveyard contains ten graves of families from the Revolutionary War soldiers and the Highlander Scottish soldiers, who had fought and died here. God bless their souls! The sea captain likes to talk, not walk,” he chuckles. “I’ve never been a church person, but I guess I can inquire,” he chuckles and slowly turns the horse heading down a new dirt road paralleling a line of tall and short private business shops.
She turns and smiles the glass windows seeing an array of beautiful dresses in gray, pale blue and red. He views his wife and then turns to see the glass window nodding with a smile in silence, halting the horse.
In Women’s Fashion hitting the United States of America, the latest trend is the empire waistline gown in light colors of silk. The waistline starts at the two armpits and as the gown flows down to the ankle bones or touches a pair of silk slippers.
The men’s fashion includes a man-frock coat, a pair of knee-length breeches fitted snuggly onto each leg muscle, and a full-sleeved shirt.
Of course, Attila is not wearing those silly-looking men’s clothes ever.
His wife returns back staring at the horses, saying with her worried brow to Attila. “Is there an issue with the horse, darling?”
He smiles at the windows of dresses then comments, “Of course not! My issue is with that beautiful dress, which will look lovely on my beautiful wife.”
“Attila!” She states then grins.
He smiles then greets. “Yes, dear.”
She nods and comments. “The dresses are beautiful…”
…like my wife,” he says and stands upright from the hard bench seat then leans down gently nudging her to stand from the same hard bench. They gently step down from the wagon.
His son Ass stops then slides from his wagon seat while gasping in alarm then dashes to his father stopping beside his parents. “What’s wrong? Is something wrong with the horse?”
“Of course not! Something is wrong with these dresses!” Attila comments. He and Susannah face the row of dresses.
Each dress features a high Empire waistline, a pair of short cupped sleeves with a square neckline in the individual colors of vanilla, gray, dull blue, and dull red.
He smiles then says, “This is our first day of our new place. Everleigh and Susannah need a new dress, so we can get ready quickly and go and eat a plate of fried fish and baked cakes.” He turns and winks to his son.
Ass turns from his father, views the dresses and then returns back seeing his wife, who is also smiling at the windows of pretty dresses also. He returns back and nods to his father. “Yes, Everleigh will look beautiful in all of those gowns with a new pair of slippers to match upon her delicate feet.”
“I’m so glad you agree, son. Go and ask her to join me and Susannah. I’ll escort the ladies into one or all the shops for a quick trip of dress shopping. They can come back tomorrow and shop all day long. But I want you stay here and guard our possessions.”
“I concur, Father.” Ass spins around wearing a bright smile and then returns to his wife explaining the new gift. She exits the wagon seat with excitement and slowly pads towards Attila. Attila slowly escorts both of the ladies towards the first shop.
Susannah feels nervous appearing in front of the new town peoples and meekly states. “We shouldn’t waste our hard-working monies, Attila. We don’t live and use the resources of an island anymore.”
“And my dead family members received lots and lots of monies while working hard and living well, and then dying on that very island paradise. Money is to spend, not horde, my darling. Now, you and I are no longer a couple of cow farmers but a proper city slicker couple. We’re going to look and smell and feel like two new city slickers. This is our first stop,” he laughs and then reaches out opening the wooden door. The ladies enter the new small building wearing a bright smile for their first of many shopping sprees within their new home of Darien.
His son Ass steers his wagon on top of the dirt road marching through a line of shady overstory trees with dangling moss like a royal prince. Each dirt street contains large homes displaying two long lines of tall shade trees. The moss strands gently wave from the light breeze to each welcoming new visitor or old neighbor.
Passing the block of new construction homes, he steers due east on top of a rough dirt road. The land is flat and thick with tall grass blades surrounded by thick plots of woodlands. He can hear the different types of birds, insects, and wild animals hiding behind the trees and bushes. Traveling another 600 feet ahead, which is almost one-eighth of a mile, on top of a slight shade hilltop, a grand two-story wooden frame cypress building sits made of tabby walls siding featuring a row of six large glass windows on each story façade and a double-sized front door entrance. The yard is covered in semi-short grasses as the grazing cows, two pig families, and several chicken families work mowing down the weeds and flower beds. His mother will not like the missing flower beds. Behind the house, fifty feet from the rear door, four individual structures the size of horse barns stand filled with their resting horses, the next holds all the animal feeds, the third one, all the farm equipment and the last one hides the homemade brew machine for the cold bottles of beer.
Surrounding the grand manor are thickets of forestland, where Ass must start cutting down trees, before the hurricane season, his first task. His second task will require sorting the like-animals into an array of separate fenced pens as he does not live on Sea Island with an open range concept. His third task will require building a vegetable garden and a lovely flower garden for his loving mother and sweet wife. The ladies adore fresh flowers.
Ass quickly finishes unloading all the personal bags while hiding the weapons and the cash monies from an unwelcomed stranger or two or three. His pack of dogs are devoted and well-trained protecting both his person and his property and each canine will bite or viciously attack an invader leaving only scattered human body parts and trails of red-tinted blood proteins. He feeds and waters his pack of devoted canine dogs, who lounging inside the house. Then he washes his dirty body. The second wagon approaches carrying his father, his mother and his wife. Each female wears a bright smile and carries a long bag with a new dress.
While everyone is dressing for the dinner meal, Ass slowly examines each room walking around the polished pine wooden floors, peering up into the exposed timber frames, and opens all the windows feeling a slight cool breeze from surrounding thicket of tall and old shade trees. He stops in the corner bedroom and examines the glass window not for cracks but views the western region of Darien. The tall shade trees interfere with the city’s layout. But his young eyeballs can see each tall mast with unfolded sails on each large sea vessel parked at the pier.
However, his active brain cells remember that a continuous battle war is being fought by old and young males on American soil and in American seas. But he’s a lucky lad with a loving family and is not part of these terrible war events.
For the rest of the days and nights, within the year 1813, three of the nine British sea vessels are docked off the 110 miles of sandy coastal shoreline in front of a chain of fifteen barrier sea islands. The fleet of small English seacraft gunboat disrupts and then captures some of American merchant trading sea ships snatching the American merchandise, eating the food items first and then sending the glorious loot back to country of England. The British sea vessels send out British landing parties onto the coastal American islands also. The British Red Coats occasionally invade the land properties on Ossabaw Island, St. Catherine Island, Sapelo Island, Little St. Simons Island, Jekyll Island, and St. Simons Island…

“…Sea Island,” Magritte announced then frowned with confusion on top of the soft bench seat inside her non-moving rental limousine. “Wait! I don’t see the name, Sea Island,” she re-read in silence the internet article again. “Sea Island is not there. I wonder why. One reason, Clement raised cows, not cotton. So, the British Red Coats occasionally attacked the residential houses stealing merchandise, killing livestock, and burning cotton crops and plantation structures while destroying people’s livelihood, which would include Clement Samuel Smith and his family members. O goody! Finally, we’re getting to the good stuff. The spoiled coastal rich elite citizens and wealthy plantation owners called for help to South Carolina governor. The governor contacted the U.S American military sending a small warship and docked it at the Sunbury port.”

Sunbury is a coastal seaport with a harbor hosting deep ocean waters. The summertime air temperature at 85 degrees Fahrenheit and 55 degrees Fahrenheit during the wintertime days. The land distance from the seaport town of Sunbury to the coastal Sea Island is 63.40 miles…

“…or 37.3 miles by land or 37 minutes or one hour and 12 minutes by automobile or shorter by a sea ship,” she laughed.

During the sea war battles, within the War of 1812, the three floating British warships enjoyed hovering within the deep waters blocking all the foreign sea ships coming from the intercoastal waters and then attacking all the American merchant ships. However, due to poor planning and no leadership, and lack of supplies, the U.S. American military plan epically failed at the seaport of Sunbury. The British soldiers did not viciously attack and burn more of the cotton plantations on the coastal shoreline due to the face that majority of the British forces were fighting against the invading nasty French Emperor Napoleon on France lands and other foreign lands.
Part of the American historical tidbits, during the American Revolutionary War of 1776, the town of Sunbury was captured, held as a British outpost and then disappeared in the year 1783, after releasing a group of imprisoned American Revolutionary rebels from a makeshift British prison. After the war ended, Sunbury city streets and residential homes were not re-occupied for a long period of time. And no British colonists and leaders nor American settlers and leaders permanently controlled the city. In the year 1804, an Atlantic hurricane hit the town.
During the events within the War of 1812, from the winter months, within the year 1813, going into the lovely springtime in the year 1814, the Red Stick War was fought in the Alabama territory between the American soldiers under the command of American General Andrew Jackson over all the fertile and profitable farmlands and the cold-blooded murders of the American citizens against all the Creek Indian tribes, who were allied with their British and French oversees money benefactors. The battle ended on May 24th, in the year 1814, at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend. The Treaty of Fort Jackson forced all the Native American Indian Creek tribes to cede 23 million acres of land, comprising the two present day U.S. States of Alabama and Georgia.
Finally, after a defeated and deflated Emperor Napoleon surrenders his battlefield and his royal title to the British Crown. Then all the anger, tired British troopers sail immediately to America soil aiding all their brethren in the War of 1812. In the month of August 19, 1814, more British soldiers land in the seaport harbor of present day U.S. State of Maryland fighting with the American patriots, citizens, and soldiers spreading the battles throughout the northern cities of America.
The chain of sea islands on the coastline of U.S. State of Georgia still view a line of nine floating British warships. However, now, the British sailors have become both braver and bolder sending out an array of attack rowboats with British landing parties onto the sandy shorelines of each island paradise. A sea island features a large plantation house with furniture items, cotton gins, barns of horses, pastures of cows, yards of chickens, pigs, and goats and structures for the slaves, over 5,000 acres consisting of cotton and rice crop lands, fruit trees, and vegetable gardens. The greedy and vile sailors loot all the houses and all the land properties stealing the food stores, medicines, tools, pots, weapons, books, carpets and rugs, grabbing all the cotton bales, liberating the slaves. The slaves are taken to the Bermuda Islands as the British warship sails back to England.

Magritte gasped in shock and then grinned, “O no! The British sailors invade the Sea Island properties too stealing all the assets. Wait! Attila and his family members are not present there. They don’t party down in the quiet seaport of Darien. I bet that old sea dog captain was ready for them salty sailors too. Attila had warned the captain and his family members about the drunken and vile British sailors, two years earlier,” she laughed.
In the year 1814, within the small thriving seaport town of Darien, away from the terrible war fights within the northern American cities and American harbors, the new Adam-Strain Building is the home of the new group of cotton factors or cotton brokers. A cotton factor sets the market price for timber and cotton before loading the items on the ship. To determine the market price, the cotton factor evaluates the cleaning process and the loss of each cotton fiber. Second, the value of cotton is determined by its quality and character. The color of the cotton fiber is very important. Discolored cotton fibers represent a lower value, if they appear heavily spotted or with a bluish tone. Third, the inner value is assessed based on the length and the strength of the individual fiber or staple. In the country of the United States of America, a single strand from the unique Georgia coastline sea island cotton fiber measures 24 to 28 millimeters presenting a silky and strong longer staple.
Back inside his new Darien house, looking through a clean glass window, on the second floor, studying his new living environment, Ass shakes his long hair curls and wears a sour frown. His back spine’s nerve endings find the city pace here both jumpy and noisy when he compares his former life to the smooth, lazy-feeling, laid-back Sea Island paradise. Over the next few weeks, the popular social alcoholic drink for both the southern ladies and gentlemen is a fruity-tasting mint julep. Attila does not like the fruity-tooty taste of a mint julep and continues to brew his illegal homemade suds of beer, inside an outside storage, for both his family members and his new set of Darien male and some female older and young social friends.
The town of Darien is the second-oldest city founded by the Scottish Highlanders under the command of British nobleman, General James Oglethorpe in the year 1736. At first, the Scots named the land, New Inverness.


Present day, place, space, and time, inside the parked limousine, Magritte frowned then shouted. “For Pity Patty’s Sake! Why do old farts come to a new landscape and then name it after their decrypted old blue tinted dead mother? The ancient town and the present day city of Inverness is the capital of the Scottish Highlands, within the country of Scotland. The Scottish Highlands consists of numerous mountain ranges herding only sheep farms, who only live and graze on the steep hills. Back then, the natives were only tents…naw…tenants on the landscape, never to own the land, but to always to give their coins the wealthy lords or kings or princes or dukes or ducks or dicks. The same old story told over and over and over again. The rich get richer; the poor get screwed over and over again, except for me.” She laughed with an evil tone.
“So, the Scottish natives of boys and girls from shaggy-haired sheep or shaggy-haired cattle farms had no choice but to migrate outta of their homeland of Scotland and into the New World. Most of the Scots were skilled soldiers wearing their kilt skirts wielding a wicked sword eventually dying for the King or Queen of England. Today, the cold, windy lands of the Scottish Highlands export whiskey that’s carries a sweet and fruity taste. I don’t like whiskery or beer as I a m a southern belle, who enjoys sweet tea and Tennessee bourbon,” She giggled with a delicate tone.
“Now, I can understand why the few cotton planters in the Deep South owning all the large cotton plantations were greedy, wealthy, and then fought to the death keeping all their assets in the United States of America. People deserve to make a living; people do not deserve to die by making a living. I completely understand the Native American Indians, the Scottish Highlanders, the repressed and depressed English natives, and all of Ace’s ancient and dead kinfolks, too boot.” She continued to silently read the new data.

Four months later, from the summertime period of a humid and heated July into the early days of a warmer and humid November, living and acting like a proper city gentleman, Ass becomes a restless lad, within his new home environment of Darien. He is no longer responsible for feeding all the cows and horses, plowing up the weeds in the vegetable and flower gardens, clearing the landscape of weeds and broken limbs, and killing the targeted pig, chicken and cow mammals for the evening supper meal. Instead he is responsible for attending to the smaller yard, weeding the flower and vegetable gardens, and killing an occasional barnyard animal for the evening meal, but has smartly employed a working group of Native American Indians with his domestic tasks. The Indians are not slaves but a group of free citizens with their Indian families, who own a smaller plot of land and a nice tabby-walled house 1,000 feet behind the main homestead of Attila.
That’s a Smith secret.
When Ass was working the front and rear yard, feeding the animals, and cutting down the busted shade trees, a group of silent warehouse workers was walking down the dirt road, stopped, and asked for additional employment with monies.
His father Attila, with his big heart and his bigger pocketbook, didn’t employ the Indians as he was half-breed Indian mixture too along with his half-breed Indian son but offered a plot of free lands and a row of new houses for the Indians. Thus, the clan of Indians became owners of the shared lands along with both Attila and Ass. The Native American Indian clan were not interested in attending all the social functions, like the newly arrived Smith belles, within the city proper, but enjoyed their private lands and an isolated lifestyle while hunting and walking among the thick woodlands.
Ass lives a luxurious life, eats at the one of the local restaurants, every meal, supervises the local laborers cleaning the inner houses, cutting in small lawn, and hoeing the garden vegetables. Then he becomes bored.
His wife and mother ride off and enjoy shopping all the new retail stores. His father enjoys brewing his homemade beer in one of the outhouses and is starting to sell his product to some of the local restaurants, for fun, while receiving little to no additional monies.
His father Attila is a wealthy man compared to the local merchants and gang of common Darien field, factory, and warehouse workers.
Ass is used to rising before at sunlight, working all day with the cows and the crops, and going to bed tired. He rides his horse downtown wondering around the warehouses seeing the busy workers and numerous new products and then asks for a job. He is given the opportunity as a non-paid volunteer at the Darien Cotton Exchange Warehouse keeping both the floors and the walls clean from drifting lumber chips and floating sticky strand cotton fibers. Ass gladly accepts the work while occasionally reminding his supervisor, that he has a proper name and is it not the noun, lad.
One particularly cloudy day, in late November, the 29th day, he stands, alone and lonely, inside the warehouse floor after finishing all his work on the morning while waiting on his supervisor to assign a new duty. The afternoon is both chilly and windy. He slips on that silly-looking pale green long jacket that his wife had purchased at one of the retail stores. He didn’t have the heart to tell her how ugly the cloth was. So, he wears it to working job while hoping to rip some of the fabric and then replace the item with a dark colored jacket. He slips on that silly top hat also on top of his bone skull as the cold air from the wind gusts off the river water cools his brain cells. Ass crosses both of his arms keeping warm parading in a set large circles around the warehouse floor. The floor is covered in two long rows of cotton bales readying for an export departure.
A new baritone voice shouts out loud inside the room, “There! You lad!”
Ass halts and sneers at the common term for a local young male.
“Is this my shipment here in your warehouse?” An elderly ship captain marches directly at the back spine on Ass. Ass spins around and gasps at the presence of a new customer.  The captain stops and stares at Ass. “Well, do you possess a tongue, young sir? Is this my export cargo for the afternoon?”
Ass quickly ponders his new situation and then slowly turns to the side wall with a side door. The door is closed. All the cotton factors are located at the office building working or taking their lunch meal. He has often overheard the rouge captains and the cotton factors argue over prices and delays in shipments as the captain has a timely boat schedule to keep. Ass does not want the captain to become anger at him as Ass might lose his nice day job spending the rest of his days and night at his new home without a hobby.
“Hmm! I do not see the paperwork or the price on each cotton bale. Do you possess the export billings, young sir? I run a tight ship and a timely schedule. I need to get sailing.” The captain leans down and starts to inspect each load.
Ass returns back and gasps in shock staring at the captain. The assigned Cotton Factor must have carried the paperwork back to his office which is a half-a-mile distance away from the exchange warehouse. He can quickly run the short distance over the short weeds on the landscape, but he will not be able to properly communicate his purpose in a filled room of working Cotton Factors becoming out of breath from his brisk race. He quickly ponders and then acts. The captain needs a single price for all the cotton bales and then will sign the paperwork paying the monies in the New York City bank. Ass understands the bank institution ways also.
Living on the Sea Island, his father assigned his son the responsibility for handling the monies coming from the sales of homemade beer bottles, beef cows, and dairy products with all the local merchant ship owners.
Ass presents a fake smile of fake confidence and marches to the middle row and then stops slapping his palm on top of the bale, nodding with a grin. “Each cotton bale is 32 cents-per-pound, sir.”
The captain gasps in shock and then frowns at Attila. “What!”
He continues to fake his smile and nods several times still supporting his new price announcement, “Let me demonstrate the value of sea cotton staple, sir.”
“Please do!” The captain nods with a stern face.
He spins around presenting a worried brow, slowly strolls with a confident strut towards the side solid wall, where an open bale of cotton rests. Then he stops and spins around gently patting the cotton bale, faking a smile to the captain, “These two open bales of cotton are a brother and a sister,” he chuckles, “…to the rows of packaged cotton bales for delivery to England. I will pull out two strands from each bale and show you the quality of sea cotton, sir.” He spins around and gently pulls out two strands laying them side by side inside the wooden tray. “The standard test for a cotton staple is as follows. I will nicely arrange four freely cotton staples in a suitable fashion inside a wooden flat box displaying both the clear color and nice cleanliness of each staple. My samples have been drawn from each cotton bale, who is the sister and brother of your future export, sir. By placing each cotton staple side by side, you can easier determine the length, the color, the cleanliness. Now, please pick up one of the cotton strands and forcefully tug on each edge piece. Don’t worry! The selection will not yield. I promise,” he softly chuckles.
The captain obligates and then grunts with the difficult task, “Strong.”
“Ah! The sea cotton fiber is strong and long and clean and glowingly hue in brilliant white color. Now, gently stroke the fiber, maybe against one of the tender parts on your husky body, like your cheekbone.” Ass softly chuckles.
The captain frowns but gently touches his cheekbone and then smile nodding with several times. “Soft.”
“You are holding the prettiest, cleanliest, longest, strongest, and softest cotton staple which is produced here locally in a chain of the sea islands that is warmed by the bright sunshine, cooled by the Atlantic ocean waters, and grown on top of the flat sand dunes among the piles of bird shit,” he laughs with the captain. “That’s the secret of sea island cotton!” He laughs again.
The British captain continues to chuckle and nods to Ass. “Well, young sir, you have provided an excellent demonstration today. I’ll honor the 32 cents-per-bale. How much is my shipment total?”
Smith gasps in shock at the massive sell of 500 bales at the newly established sea island cotton price of 32 cents, spinning around on one boot heel, quickly paces to the rear wall, where all the papers and pens are kept. He writes out the export billing on four sheets of paper with the sale price of 250,000 pounds from 500 cotton bales at 32 cents totaling $80,000.00, U.S. He spins around and swiftly returns presenting the bill to the captain.
Magritte gasped in shock. “What’s the current U.S price of sea cotton bales?” She slowly typed on the tiny keyboard reading the information. “My word! The rare and softest sea cotton bale is priced at 32 cents or equal to 6.90 U.S. dollars. At 250,000 pounds of cotton fibers per 6.90 dollars, Attila made $1,725,000.00, in a single sell, for the Darien Cotton Exchange. Wow! He was a real smart and smart-ass kid. Now, I know why Ace’s so smart and a smart-ass all the time, to me. He gets the smart-ass trait from his great-great-great-great-great grandfather. I must be very careful and very cautious with my words and my actions around Ace.” She typed on the keyboard and silently read the additional new information about Ace’s blood line.
Inside the Darien warehouse floor, the British captain accepts the stack of loose export documents and then inspects the mathematical numbers looking up and nods with a smile to Ass. “A fine sell!”
“A fine sail!” Smith chuckles at his silly pun.
The captain softly chuckles again and signs all the papers leaving the last one with Ass. The side door opens and reveals a group of cotton factors. Each factor enters the warehouse floor and stares at the British sea captain. Ass spins around in silence wearing a worried brow holding the bill of sell, staring at the cotton factors.
The captain turns and nods to the cotton factors. “Good day, gentlemen! Thanks for the demonstration of sea cotton. I learned much today.” He spins around and motions to the warehouse laborers walking ahead towards his ship, preparing to sail back to England. They swiftly advance ahead and start rolling the individual cotton bales from the warehouse floor down a long ramp, into the row of empty wagon beds. Each horse-drawn wagon with a load of workers and will be driven by a warehouse worker to the docked ship at the wooden peer unloading the cotton bales.
The group of cotton factor watch the British captain leave the warehouse and then all advance to Smith. The lead factor snatches the bill of export from Ass’s hand silently reading the information and then gasps in shock. “You…you sold all 500 cotton bales at 32 cent-per-pound.
“Not here!” the older Cotton Factor scans the warehouse floor and then slowly backsteps from the workers. “Go outside the building for our private discussion.”
A second Cotton Factor grabs Smith’s arm and rushes them from the warehouse floor, where the warehouse workers work loading on each 500 pound cotton bale into the numerous wagons. They stroll outside the building and then stop. The Cotton Factors surround Ass. The older male sneers. “What are you doing with the captain, boy?”
In the dull sunlight and cool breeze, Ass thumbs back over his collar bone to the warehouse wall and nods with a smile. “That shipment belonged to the British captain. I verified that information. He needed a cotton bale price. The sea cotton is worth twice as much as a common strand of an ugly, dull-looking, shorter cotton fiber. A standard cotton fiber sells at 18 cents. So, I marked it twice as nice,” he grins. “And the captain was running behind with his scheduled voyages. I would have dashed to the office building …”
“…wasting his time and our time as the captain would become very upset with a late or delayed schedule and then our Darien reputation as a new cotton exchange site could have been damaged. Good thinking, boy! What’s your name?” The lead cotton factor smiles at Attila.
“Attila…”
“O! You’re the only son of that older Attila Smith. He sells the best brewed suds of barley beer on the southeastern seaboard.” A third cotton factor nods with a grin.
Attila nods. “Thank you, sir! Yes, he’s my father…”
“…and a good factor to, boot.” The lead factor nods. “Well, I do believe we have added another smart Cotton Factor to our ranks, gentleman. Are you interested in a better working job, with more pay, son?”
“Yes, sir!” Attila smiled.
A fourth cotton factor frowned. “Where did you learn about sea cotton, son?”
Attila does not lie but does not tell the entire truth. “I had lived on Sea Island.”
“That place doesn’t grow sea island cotton, young sir.”
“No. Sea Island grows cows, but Little Saint Simons Island is across the water and does grow sea island cotton miles and miles and rows and rows. My cousins and I would sail over there for fun while flirting with all the pretty maidens. I married a daughter, who was one of the minor overseers on the sea island cotton plantation. He taught me all about sea island cotton versus regular cotton fibers. I guess I learned more than I thought.”
The lead Cotton Factor nods with a smile, “You have learned well making the Darien Cotton Exchange 80,000 dollars in one sale, son.” He back steps and then spins around heading to the wagon. “Let’s go and show young Master Smith his new office in the Adam-Strain building.” The rest of the factors nods and provides an individual handshake with Ass and then all of them spin around following the lead factor to the single wagon. The horse slowly pads up the slight hilltop and then halts. The men exit the wagon and enter a side door marching up numerous levels.
Ass is posed on the second floor, a lower office position with a lower level view. The rear of the wall is covered in brick without a glass window holding a row of individual tables with plates of fresh food items, cold pitchers of water, and stacks of numerous office supplies. The walls are painted in gray hue. The floor is natural wooden planks. Each office is an open cubby hole with a tall partition between the workers. Ass sits on top of a tall leather stool, in front of an upright desk top viewing a row of clean glass windows. His two eyeballs see the river water, the small pier, and a single sea vessel with a British flag, where 500 cotton bales are still getting loaded into the cargo bay.
The cleaning of the office space is performed by a small group of younger apprentices. An apprentice is cleaning up the messy floor from the lunch meal. Ass has bypassed that lower stage and is employed as a full time Cotton Factor due to his smart brains, his smarter wife, and his extension knowledge of sea cotton fibers. He’s very excited about his new job and can’t wait to inform both his parents and his wife. Then she’ll have more spending monies for the retail shops decorating her body and her homestead.
From that day forward, Ass became known as the young Master Smith. Young Master Smith learned new information tidbits about the Darien seaport on his first day as a paid cotton factor. The British sea vessel was carrying boxes of tobacco from North Carolina seaport, cotton bales from Darien seaport, and cut tree trunks from the South Carolina seaport, before sailing back home to England.
An early sea vessel had arrived this morning hauling 50 cotton bales from Darien to New York City harbor, where a northern spinner brought all the cotton fibers producing set of sea cotton clothes for the fancy city slickers.
The Darien Cotton Exchange employs a group of cotton factors. Each Cotton Factor is responsible for pricing the product, recording the sale, and the number of shipments, including cotton and timber. Attila didn’t know heck about the timber business, measuring logs, sawing lumber, and exclusively recorded only cotton sells which was not a problem as the cotton bales continued to increase in size, price, and profits.
In Darien seaport, the price was right, and the coin was rich. No cotton or rice planter took a money loss or held their crops for a higher money ransom, only collecting millions of dollars in profit.
At a Cotton Exchange building, a cotton factor prices each product. The planter receives the purchase price from the sea shipper through a bank institution in the South. The cotton factor opens a credit account with an English or German bank. The cotton factor provides the documents to the shipper. Then the shipper presents the documents to the bank receiving the cash monies for the sea voyage back to England or another country.
The Cotton Exchange companies were the business ventures that both raped and then reaped the cash money profits from the cotton planters, the sea captains, and the money bankers.

Ancient American History moment: Several decades later, within New York City, the largest Cotton Exchange building will became the famous and infamous New York Stock Exchange building and all the cotton factors will became a set of Stock Brokers trading all agricultural products, such like, cows, pigs, beef, rice, iron ore, cotton, rice, timber, gold, silver, and other natural resources coming from the fertile lands and the rich mineral mines of the great United States of America.
A second ancient American History moment: In the American year of 1872, 3,650,000 cotton bales were sold coming from the cotton fields of the Deep South to all types of buyers throughout the land. In the American year of 1875, 4,302,000 cotton bales were sold, an increase of 18 percent in bale count and an increase in profit at 34 percent.

In the year 1813, when the Darien Cotton Exchange Company opened and then employed other Cotton Factors, such like, Attila Samuel “Ass” Smith, the warehouse received 3,000 bales of sea cotton from the Georgia sea islands, which were quickly shipped from the Darian ports directly to England. Each cotton bale weighed 480 pounds. At 3,000 cotton bales times 480 pound equals 1,440,000 pounds of cotton fibers. Then 1,440,000 pounds times the current sea cotton price of 32 cents U.S. dollars making a money profit for the Cotton Exchange Company at 460,800 U.S dollars.

Present day and time and place, Magritte smiled and then typed on the math calculate on her personal mobile telephone. She commented, “So, let us convert 460,000 U.S. dollars into a present day monetary figure. The Darian Cotton Exchange Company made in revenues 9,936,000 U.S. dollars. What! Wee-wee! Wow! Whoa the stagecoach! Now, I understand completely. Each southern cotton plantation becomes massively huge in miles and miles of land, fields, pastures, slaves, and crops plus every southern cotton plantation owner becomes very, very wealthy and their sons and daughters become very, very arrogant.”
Now, the 9,936,000 U.S. dollars is a huge financial profit which is required to pay each cotton planters for growing the cotton bolls, each ship owner for exporting the baled cotton bolls, and then every cotton factor for pricing and recording each single cotton boll. Based on ancient records, the Georgia sea islands contains 12 planter families, who own parts or the entire sea island with a massive cotton plantation on the chain of fifteen barrier coastal islands. Sea Island does not plant a cotton crop. That’s a recorded historic fact within the American History books. But the other sea islands have dedicated 1,000 acres of land for numerous cotton crops. One crop acre produces five bales of cotton.
From the barrier islands off the coastline of Georgia, the 12 cotton planter receive $3.00-per-pound for their sea cotton bales after growing the cotton fibers, thus earning 4,320,000 U.S dollars. The 10 ship owners receive $2.00 per pound for transporting the sea cotton bales to England and then earning 2,880,000 U.S. dollars. And the five cotton factors receive $1.00 per pound for recording all the sea cotton bales and then earning 1,440,000 U.S dollars.
Newly employed cotton factor Young Master Attila Samuel Smith works for one month earning $200,000 for the year.
Magritte gasped in shock, “What! Wee! Wee! I was birthed in the wrong freaking century!”
In the year 1813, in the commodity of cotton bolls is a highly profitable product for all the cotton planters to all the exporter shipowners, who receive cloth sacks of cash monies. The Darian Cotton Exchange Company acts as a trade center securing bales of Sea Island cotton and sacks of rice coming from the chain of barrier sea islands along with numerous pallets of sawn yellow-tinted lumber from the thick rich forests of Georgia.


Magritte whispered. “The American year of 1815…”
In the middle of the year, within the thick of lush woodlands, a second town square is constructed and then named Columbia Square housing more residential homes and new business companies expanding the small town of Darien into a fine southern seaport.
At the end of the warfare, on February 18th, in the year 1815, the USA had provided 38,850 American soldiers against 48,160 British Red Coats. However, the British Empire employed 4,000 militia or independent fighters, who were English loyalists residing within homesteads still living on top of the American lands, 34 boat frigates, 52 sea vessels, nine warships and 15,000 loyal or hired Native American Indian braves. The USA forces consisted of 458,463 militia consisting of strong, brave, independent loyal American patriots, who were farmers, merchants, cooks, bankers, bakers, lawyers, tailor makers and others, who lived freedom and fight.
She laughed. “Wow! I made a new American nursery rhyme. USA! USA! That’s why the USA won and still retained both her might and right as the youngest republic in the world.”
After the fight from the War of 1812, the U.S. State of Georgia leadership had provided 10,376 infantry men, 563 horse and cavalry units, and 618 cannon artillery soldiers totaling 11,557 brave sons of Georgia. The surviving soldiers with war wounds also received a United States of American military cash pension for their military duty.

Magritte laughed with meanness then expressed, “Too bad! None of Ace’s ancient and dead blood-related male soldiers received a cash pension.”

The Treaty of Ghent, on February 18, 1815, ended the War of 1812 with the British Crown. However, 15,000 Americans had died during the second war for freedom. All the American lands reverted back to the original patriot landowners. All the British agents stopped supporting and supplying the Indian Nations with both arms and ammunitions. Import and export trade restrictions were repealed between the U.S.A. and Great Britain. The young and might United States of America had won their second war against their former master, the English Crown.
During the springtime season, back in the small seaport of Darien, on April 11th, at the age of 17 years old Attila “Ass” Samuel Smith, the third and at age of 17 years old, his wife, Everleigh Maybelle Cordell Smith produce twin sons, named after their father, Attila Samuel Smith, the third and Attila Samuel Smith, the fourth. The boys are long in body length at 22 inches. The first baby weighs 5 pounds, 2 ounces, and the second baby weighed 5 pounds and 6 ounces. 
This new time period, in the year 1815, began a spree of rich economic prosperity for both the peoples and properties. Also, the country of Canada became its own a new nation, without English rule.
The commodity of cotton bolls was a highly profitable product for all the cotton planters to all the exporter shipowners, who received cloth sacks of cash monies. The Darian Cotton Exchange Company acted as a trade center securing bales of Sea Island cotton and sacks of rice coming from the rice plantations plus numerous pallets of sawn yellow-tinted lumber from the thick rich forests of Georgia.
The American grown cotton bales were a cheap expense passed to both the ship owners and the cotton buyers due to the free slave labor supply coming from the enslaved Native American Indians and Native African Negros. The slave labor was free and did not pay any additional monies, only the cost of food, shelter, and clothes resulting in a very low cost on each cotton bale.
In the American year of 1818, a yellow fever epidemic shuts down the seaport of Savannah for three weeks. The second largest Darien seaport becomes the largest, busiest seaport on the southern coastline. Master Attila Samuel Smith works 18 hours-per-day sleeping on top of a homemade wooden cot, inside his office cubby, within the Adam-Strain Building, when not working and pricing bales of cotton. He earns a payroll salary of $5,000,000 U.S. dollars, for that working year, alone, until the seaport of Savannah opens the export/import business.
Within the growing seaport of Darien, a Bank of Darien was constructed becoming one of the most influential banking financial institutions, within the Deep South, due to the massively profitable cotton industry.
However, Clement Samuel Smith had started banking at a northern financial institution, within New York City, which continued to hold all his English pounds and then all the monies were nicely converted into millions of U.S. dollars by cotton factor Attila Samuel Smith as no local bank building had existed on the sea barrier islands nor in the seaport of Darien.
Ancient American History moment: Two decades later, in the year 1838, shipments of cotton, timber and rice departing the seaport Darien will arrive directly at the New York City harbor first. All the British cotton traders will either live or travel to New York City dealing with the New York City American cotton factors paying the financial fee and then taking delivery, loading the shipments of purchased cotton bales directly onto the English ship decks and then headed back home to England.
Cotton bales and sawn lumber are the two main export products send and then shipped from the Darian Cotton Exchange Company to the country of England.
Today, one cotton bale weighs 480 pounds. When you add the additional items of wires and burlap covering, the cotton bale weight increases to 500 pounds. The total weight of the cotton bale is calculated based on a price as the current income for the planter, shipper, and the cotton trader. The modern day price per pound for a cotton boll ranges from 80 cents to $01.10 per pound.
One acreage of crop land yields five bales of cotton.
The barrier sea island of Saint Simon occupies 10,000 acres of land and seven miles of beaches. Jekyll Island consists of 5,500 acres of land and 10 miles of beaches. Little Saint Simons Island is 10,000 acres of land and seven miles of beaches. Now, that’s a lot of land for planting and harvesting crops.
Back to the cotton exchange company, one bale is measured at 500 pounds. However, for each planted, grown, and then harvested cotton bale, the planter must pay for new fresh cotton seeds, plant the cotton seeds in the dirt, cultivate the growing cotton stalks in the dirt, irrigate the growing cotton stalks plus purchase crop damage insurance, in case, of flooding or drought weather conditions that destroyed his or her cotton crops. If the planter owns 400 acres and produces five bales, then the planter harvests 2,000 cotton bales. At 500 pounds apiece, 2,000 cotton bales weigh 1,000,000 pounds.
If the cotton fibers vary in price ranging depending on the color and quality of the cotton fiber grand and are priced from 60 cents to $2.21 per pound, then let select a price-per-pound for my financial experiment. If the selected price is 80 cents per cotton bale and then is multiplied by 1,000,000 pounds, then it equals $800,000 profit which is reduced from his expenses of seeds, insurance, farm equipment and farm lands. A farm cotton picker machine that picks up the individual strands of white tinted cotton fibers is priced at $40,550.00. A cotton picker machine can pick 400 pounds of cotton fibers per day.

Magritte smiled, “This is a piece of very, very important, important American history that no one has bothered to explain to me.”

Ancient American History moment: In the year of 1860, before the outbreak of the First American Civil War, the USA produced 500,000 bales of cotton. Each bale of cotton weighs 480 pounds, U.S. measurement for a total of 240,000,000 pounds of cotton fibers. The money profit was calculated based on U.S. weight measurement too. A regular bale of cotton was priced 13 cents or present day 3.45 US dollars, earning 31,200,000 U.S. dollars, in the year 1860 or converted into a modern day amount of 828,000,000 U.S. dollars. However, the rarest, strongest and softest sea cotton fibers were market priced at 32 cents or 6.90 U.S. dollars, which was twice as expensively, when compared to regular cotton fibers.

She smiled. “So, only the twelve Sea Cotton planters became the world’s first money billionaires.” Magritte grinned. “So sorry with the ancient news, Thomas!” She laughed with an evil tone.

In the American year of 1816, in the present day city of Mobile, within the modern day U.S. State of Alabama, in the month of April, sprays blown from the sea waves froze onto the rigging of each sea vessel in the harbor of Mobile. Starting on June 8th, a killing morning frost occurred every month until the end of the solar year. The summertime months came and went without warm temperatures, only cold air molecules. The product of cornmeal is $5.00 per bushel.
In the American year of 1817, within the modern day U.S. State of Alabama and throughout the south, it was the year of the rains creating poor cotton and corn crops.
In the American year of 1819, in the present day city of Mobile, within the modern day U.S. State of Alabama, from the dates of August 25th to 28th, a gale force wind the city streets and then stranded a large sea vessel on Dauphin Street, which is located several years from the Mobile River.
In the American year of 1823, in the present day city of Mobile, within the modern day U.S. State of Alabama, on February 16th, the winter weather recorded five degrees Fahrenheit.
In the American year of 1825, a dry summer throughout the southern region. The cotton crops opened early in the month of August. Rain showers occupied in the month of September creating a second growth of crops and fruits. The crops matured in the winter months. Also, the winter months were very warm. The market experience high cotton prices for the customer.
One pound of sugar sold for 20 cents.
One acre of land sold for $2.00.
One bushel of potatoes sold for 12 cents.
One farm cow sold for $12.00.
One pound of coffee sold for 17 cents.
One American dollar is valued at the current U.S. currency of $22.40.
 In the American year of 1827, within the modern day U.S. State of Alabama and throughout the south, on May 27th, a killing frost covered the ground soil.
In the American year of 1829, within the modern day U.S. State of Alabama and throughout the south, it was the year of the rains creating poor cotton and corn crops.
In the American year of 1830, the Mobile people population reaches at total of 31,194 individuals, including Magritte’s ancient and dead family members. The numerous family-owned cotton plantation owners from all the southern U.S. States produced 720,000 cotton bales.
In the year 1830, General Andrew Jackson is elected the President of the United States and kicks the ass of Congress to create laws that remove all the Native American Indian tribes from their Native American homelands, within the southern region of the USA, after the Indians continued to raid American towns, scalp American hairlines, steal American supplies, and then capture American citizens. The group of American Indians were walked by rows of the United States military soldiers into a set of new American Indian work camps with the two modern day U.S. States of Oklahoma and Kansas.
She laughed, “The English conquered the Dutch. The Spanish trampled the French. The English defeated both the French and the Spanish. The Americans spanked both the British and the Indians creating the land of the brave and home of the free within the greatest nation of the world, the United States of America. Wee! Wee! U.S.A.! Halleluiah! Amen! Take a bow, Americans!” She smiled and continued to read the information on her personal mobile telephone.


Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1833…”

Within the modern day U.S. State of Alabama and throughout the southern regions, heavy rains produced great floods. The river waters were higher than ever before.
She frowned, “I, and every alive and breathing socially conscious Mobilian, know that Ace’s great, great, great, great grandfather came to the seaport of Mobile and then purchased that historical American colonial manor. Then he changed the name of the dirt road to Ansley Lane. Now, I know where the name, Ansley Lane, comes from. The name is Ace’s 11th generation great-grandmother’s proper name, who lived and then died in the country of England.” She hissed at the good news for the Smith clan and continued to scan the electronic articles for additional information on Ace’s dead relatives.

His battle wound from the year 1779 had not prevented Attila from enjoying a nice life on Sea Island, marrying a sweet girl, producing a sweet baby and then living the luxurious style in Darien. However, his battle wound required constant cleansing. During the advanced ages in his 70s, the musket fragments were discovered embedded into his bone skull. After 54 years, the individual metal pieces slowly leaked poisons into his brain matter, starting after the injury, at the age of 19 years old. Attila Samuel Smith, Junior passed into heavenly at the age of 73 years old and was buried at his home island of Sea Island.

She screamed in shock then wildly announced. “What! What’s this? How did that happen?” She quickly typed on the tiny keyboard and as her acute eyeballs inside a pair of medically-prescribed eyeglasses found the correct data. “Not true! False! I have an internet ship’s log entry from the cousin of that unknown old man sea captain, who purchased the Sea Island lands from Attila on July 6th in the year 1813.”


My cargo today includes a distinguished family from the busy seaport of Darien. They are not happy during the boat short ride on the Altamaha River and huddle each other and sob with soft moans, producing faces of sad tears. I am not privy to their sad secret. They arrive, promptly, in an open wagon without numerous personal items, not even a fine pleasure horse.
Usually, new passengers tarry several day bags and a couple of horses for a long trip to the mainland or a single knapsack and a single horse for a short trip. The only item is a long white-tinted package, six feet long and thoroughly covered. My crew members, who are my cousins, are asked to bring the package on board and then store inside the further cargo bay, alone.
My directions come from my mother, who is the sister of my uncle, who passed away some years back. Then I start sailing with my new passengers and the strange package back to the Sea Island, which is my home lands now.
I must record the names on my log books per maritime nautical U.S. Federal Government regulations, but my biological mother has instructed that I do not. The package is a personal item for her only. She does not want the item listed on the ship’s log book for audit or government inspection along with the new four new passengers.
A middle-aged male, a middle-aged lady and their two teenage sons dress in black tinted clothing.
Today my voyage is listed a cleaning day, where the upper and lower decks are polished, the cargo stores are cleaned, and the outside panels are removed with sea barnacles. No new passengers are allowed to travel n my ship when it is cleaning day. So, the mysterious package is listed as a cleaning item which does not create an issue with my log book.
My ship finally halts and rocks in the calm Atlantic Ocean waters on a cool autumn day in the month of September, on the third, in the year 1833. Three row boats launch from the cargo steerage sailing towards Sea Island. I am not allowed to leave the ship due to my captain’s duty, but I do spy on the intriguing party of four or five, if you count the mysterious white-tinted package laying on the floor inside its own row boat too.
On the golden sands, my mother and numerous of my elderly relatives stand and greet the four or five visitors performing warm hugs, hardy handshakes, and wet cheekbone kisses.
I am intrigued as I am familiar with the faces or the names of new party, but my mother is not.
My mother leads the entourage of my relatives and four strangers back into the depths of the island property. A group of younger male relatives lift and then carry the white tinted package on top of a cot like it is a chest of priceless gold coins.
I am still intrigued with my mother’s behavior and watch the entourage disappear into the thick grove of trees without hearing the song birds or the wild insects.
Two hours later, my mother returns with three of her eldest middle-aged children escorting the party of for without the mysterious white tinted, long package to the sandy shoreline. A row boat is patiently waiting for the party of four. They express their final goodbye to my mother and then reload inside the row boat steering back to the ship’s deck.
They arrive and then retire to the opposite side of the deck away from the other crew member huddling and whispering.
My new orders are to travel to the seaport of Savannah and then relieve the passengers there. My new passengers are not returning back to the city of Darien but traveling further from the seaport of Savannah.


Present day and time and space, Magritte gasped in shock then commented. “I can’t believe this. I can’t believe this. I can’t believe I just read this. I can’t believe the ship captain dared to record this illegal act on the ship’s log book. So, old man Attila died in the city of Darien at the age of 73 years old and then they shipped his cold, hard, blue-tinted, dead body back to Sea Island paradise and then buried his rotting bones down into a new, deep, dark, dirt hole within the sandy soils of a cow pasture, like he had done to his deceased sisters, brothers, aunts, uncles, nieces, nephews, and cousins. Old Man Attila was responsible seeing that ship’s captain and extended family members made a better living than just boat shipping. Attila was born there and died there within his homeland island paradise. Good bye, Attila! You were a true rebel and a southern gentleman! And your seventh generation great-grandson possesses so many of your nasty rebel attributes. I’d like to tattle your ancient American tale to your blood-kin grandson, but Ace will become very suspicious of my odd investigation,” she exhaled with sadness after reading Attila’s entire life story.


Five feet, elevens inches. Slender body frame. Blonde-haired. Blue-eyed. Coffee-tinted skin.

Adam Samuel Smith, Junior.

Born in the month of February, on the 22nd day, in the year 1760, on Sea Island, Georgia.

In the year 1770, he worked at the age of 10 years old as a cow farmer.

In the year 1779, at the age of 18 years old, he was an American Revolutionary War hero.

American Revolutionary War ends in 1783. He was 23 years old.

In the year 1784, at the 24 years old, he married Susannah Sunshine, a young Indian maiden from the Creek clan, in the month of June.

In the year 1790, at the age of 30 years old, he buries his father.

In the year 1792, at the age of 32 years old, he buries his mother.

Produces a son, at the age of 34 years old, in the month of May 15th, in the year 1798.

War of 1812 began in the month of June.

In the year 1813, at the age of 53 years old, he permanently moved from his birth home of Sea Island to the tiny seaport of Darien, on the 18th day, in the month of July.

In the year 1815, on April 11th, at the age of 55 years old, he became a grandfather of twin grandsons, for the first and last time.

Died in the year 1833, at the age of 73 years old, on September, the first, he died in the seaport town of Darien, Georgia. His soul ascended into heaven. Then on September, the third, his blue tinted dead body was buried inside a deep, dark, dirt hole covered by dirt with an unmarked post, within the middle of a cow pasture, somewhere on Sea Island, within the U.S. State of Georgia.


Present day, place, space, and time, inside the rear bench of the parked limousine, Magritte exhaled with a set of sad feelings wiping off a single tear from her right eyeball while softly speaking only to her eardrums. She stared down at the lighted screen on her personal mobile telephone, seeing the terrible information, “Self-named Attila was a hard-working, dictated American patriot, a great daddy, and a loving husband, and overall a good man. He deserved the given name of Attila. Attila, the Hun, no less, left his mark on Planet Earth, like Attila, the southern gentlemen. Those are the kind of men and women, who built our great and mighty and righty United States of America. How many blood relatives did his grandfather sire since his dirty boot soles landed down in American soil after ten weeks of sailing over the rough, cold Atlantic Ocean waters?” She quickly typed on the tiny keyboard accessing the information, reading in silence.
Within the North Carolina territory settlement of Bath, in the year 1733, the internet documents record 108 Smith family members lived in the town of Bath, including Clement, his older parents, and his youngest brother Adam Samuel Smith. Then a deadly outbreak of smallpox kills almost half of the Smith family tree, murdering all the pre-teens down to the infant babies. The Smith clan pack up their cloth knap sacks and load their sixteen wooden wagons leaving their mentally damaged memories and dirty pockets of cloth lint in the growing town of Bath with 55 individuals consisting of parents with their adult children without a single alive and breathing grandchild or great-grandchild. The great great-grandkids of Alder Samuel Smyth all died from an outbreak of mostly the smallpox virus.
From the years 1776 to 1783, 100 new members of the Smith family tree are born consisting of 36 men, 32 women, and 28 teens, preteens and children. Then 32 young and older males, zero women and 18 children march to war fighting against both the British Red Coast and vicious Indian tribes in the infamous American Revolutionary War for their right of freedoms to reside in their own home and on their own land plot without royal or government inference. The Smith family consist of 32 women, four elderly men, and ten young children totaling 46 people. The Smith males did not return home, only 18 years old Adam, Junior.
After the war, the lands and the lives are free of royal authority. The runway British soldiers, happy Frenchmen, and free indentured people escape their bonds and invasion numerous cities within the newly formed United States of America. On the fifteen barrier islands, a party of Scottish, Irish, French, British and Indian men and women invade the sea islands looking for work, and maybe, finding a new spouse, too boot. Thus, the Smith family blood line becomes mixed with other nationalities.
From the years 1790 to 1793, the nasty and bloody French Revolution forces French families, single men and boys, to the USA again, where both the Smith maiden and madams married mixing their Dutch and English blood with the French natives creating 60 family members, including Adam, his wife Talla Dawn, and his son Adam, Junior.
From the American years 1812 to 1815, the War of 1812 begins. Again, the war situation declares more lives of free American men including eligible 16 years old upwards to 60 years old males from the Smith family clan, who go to fight a second time, for their American families and their American rights of freedom. None of the dictated and devoted true American Smith males return as an alive and breathing male from the war battlefields.
In the middle of the War of 1812, a tiny row boat of eight British sailors attack and then murder the rest of the Smith clan, except for island owner 53 year old Adam Junior, his wife, 51 years old, Suzanne Sunshine, his son 15 year old Ass, and Ass’s wife, 15 years old Everleigh Maybelle.
She grinned, “Now, I’ve landed back in the year 1833. How captivating! Adam, Junior, and his son Ass with mercy and prayer had continued the true bloodline for their 7th generation grandson Ace. Unbelievable! Ace and his ancient and dead ancestors are all blessed by their individual heavenly angels and mighty The Holy Spirit, and joyous Brother Christ Jesus, and the awesome Almighty Father. No mortal man can kill these humans!” She sneered. “I must be very, very careful, when I encounter face-to-face rebel man Ace, again, if I ever do, as his grandfather is dead, gone, and not buried yet. Then I’ll get all the billions and billions of American dollars quickly and quietly moving from the State of Alabama further south into the guts of Florida. Yes sir! Yes ma’am! That’s my new plan of action!” She sweetly giggled and softly clapped then frowned whispering for her eardrum only.
“Between the years 1633 to 1833, 200 American years, the Smith generations living within the mighty and righty United States of America, only four Smith family members survive, a father, a mother and their two teenage sons. After a series of childhood diseases, war battles, gator attacks, farm accidents, and cold-blooded murders, 238 Smith births of infants had occurred and then 234 Smith deaths of toddlers, teens, and adults left Planet Earth leaving four Smith family members.” She gasped in shock, “Wee! Wee! All these deaths really suck for the Smith family tree! But that’s not me!” She giggled with delight and then frowned.
“Hmm! Within Ace’s blood lines, the Smith men keep kicking alive and happily. But the Smith wives keep dying. That’s a very strange and terrifying working marriage model as I’m a Smith married wife to a Smith husband, too boot.” She exhaled with worry and then smiled. “Well, I arrived and then arranged a different ending for the Smith married wife. As I have taken care of that ancient Smith male problem, once and for only me, not all.” She laughed with an evil tone and then hissed. “No wonder Attila, the original and his twin sons are rich, richer, and richest of them all. I wonder how richest of wealth my legally married dead husband is. Well, I’ll find out, soonest, on Monday morning. Shoot! The first working day of the new week is Monday and it is the Fourth of July holiday. This is why I’m going to the hair and nail salon now. Every retail, warehouse, and shop are shut down celebrating American’s birthday.
“Anyways, honey child, I shore did select and then married very well, this round. I’m so happy, happier, and happiest, since my non-royal but Mobilian southern belle birth,” she danced on top of the smooth leather seat and giggled with silliness then stopped her movement and as Magritte was feeling motion sickness. She gobbled down more of the food items and then resumed reading on her mobile telephone. She finished chewing and then swallowed the lumpy cake particles smiling down at the screen on her phone, presenting pink-tinted frosty in-between her front teeth. “Now, let’s compare the life time accomplishments from the great and late Adam Samuel “Attila” Smith, Junior to…to…to someone else that’s more famous and more richer than the country cow herder,” She laughed and typed on the tiny keyboard accessing the new electronic articles and then gasped in shock. “There, he is! Mr. America! The grandson of Benjamin Franklin is birthed at the exact time and the exact same year but not place as Adam Samuel ‘Attila’ Smith, Junior. This is going to bat my man back into the lead for the permanent title of an American hero for the newly created United States of America.”
Adam Samuel Smith, Junior is birthed on February 22nd, in the year 1760.
William Temple Franklin, Junior is birthed on February 22nd, in the year 1760.

Magritte smiled. “Well, this selection process is going much, much better, for my man Benjamin Franklin. Both of the men receive one angel touch.”
Both of the men are named after their fathers.

She stated, “Both of the men receive one angel touch.”
Adam is born on the barrier paradise of Sea Island, within the present day U.S. State of Georgia.
William Temple Franklin is born in the city of Boston, within the present day U.S. State of Massachusetts.

She grinned. “Each man receives one angel touch.”
Adam has a middle name which goes back six Smith family generations to the roots of England.
William is not birthed or entitled with a middle name. The name, Temple, comes from the town and the School of Law building, where his biological father William “not-middle-name-either” Franklin had attended and then graduated.

Magritte frowned. “Well, that’s sucks, William, Junior! I cannot award a pile of points, when the present fact is compared to a time-honored tradition. Adam, Junior receives three angel touches. William, Junior receives one for giving his person a middle name.” She exhaled with disappointment. “I will allow a range of multiple persons with multiple generations, because the two fathers are birthed in the same year 1706 and then they both died in the same year of 1790. Thus, their offspring sons and daughters will become involved within new my game parameters between the colonial American years of 1706 to 1790. Then we should see which family unit becomes the American Hero Family. Yay!” She softly giggled without alerting her nosy driver with her insanity gameplay and started typing on the tiny keyboard, accessing all the necessary information and read silently.
Adam, Junior is the son of Adam Samuel Smith and Talla Dawn.
William, Junior is the son of William Franklin and is an illegitimate son.
William is the son of Benjamin Franklin and is an illegitimate son.

Magritte gasped in annoyance, “What! Why? How! William is like his father Benjamin Franklin and does not know the name of the child’s biological mother, either, like his father. Like father; like son! She frowned. “Then biological father William places his only biological son in a foster care home, not living within his own household. Worse than his father Benjamin Franklin! Adam receives one angel touch. William, Junior receives none.” She typed on the tiny keyboard uncovering more historical information and then sneered.
The grandson of Benjamin Franklin is birthed in the foreign city of London, within the foreign county England and not in the British American Colonies.

She frowned. “Unbelievable! One of the Founding Fathers of the United States of America really fucked up! William, Junior gets one asshole strike for not becoming an American newborn. I do believe that I need to read more about the illegitimate son of Benjamin Franklin.”

Benjamin is not educated. His son William is educated in Philadelphia. His grandson is educated in Philadelphia, England, and France.
Adam and Adam, Junior are educated from the farm life.

She smiled. “That’s better! William, Junior and Adam, Junior, each man receives one angel touch.”
William, Junior, at age of three years old, in the year 1763, lives in a foster home without his family member. His grandfather Benjamin Franklin arranges for his illegitimate son William Franklin to become the new royal governor of colonial New Jersey.
Adam, Junior, at the age of three years old, lives with his father Adam and his mother having fun on Sea Island.

She frowned. “Dad and dad’s powerful friends help his illegitimate son, not his illegitimate grandson. Adam cares for his son. I’m so annoyed here. William, Junior gets one asshole strike. Adam, Junior receives one angel touch.”

In the year 1776, at the age of 16 years old, William loudly cheers and devotedly sides with all the British Loyalists within the British American Colonies and then must successfully escape from the country of America, residing with his illegitimate son in the city of London, within the country of England.
At the age of 16 years old, Adam, Junior lives with his American family and then becomes an American soldier in the American Revolutionary War.

“Blab!” She sneered. “Ben, you’re a disgraceful American to me and my American history. Your illegitimate son is a British Loyalist traitor to the USA and a complete embarrassment within your entire Franklin family tree.”

In the year 1783, in the month of September, on the third day, at the age of 23 years old, William, Junior represents his grandfather Benjamin Franklin as a bon vivant, at the Treaty of Paris, in the city of Paris. The Treaty brought the conclusion of the Revolutionary War between the American patriots and the British Crown.
At the age of 23 years old, Adam, Junior is recovering from his battle wounds and celebrating both his freedom and independence with his family and his native country, on Sea Island, in present day U.S. State of Georgia.

She sneered. “I award ten angel touches to Adam, Junior and ten asshole strikes to William, Junior. At the age of 23 years old, William Junior did not get that plump diplomatic assignment for tons of coins, without a purpose or a privilege coming from his hidden dying grandfather Benjamin Franklin, who is 77 years old.” She continued to read and then buzzed her lips in disapproval. “Listen to this disturbing news! Not only is William, Junior attending the Treaty of Paris with all the important American and English diplomats, he whines to the English commissioners about his traitorous British-born biological father William Franklin trying to gather English pounds or English lands or English assets from the Americans. But he failed, epically, economically, spiritually, financially, mentally, physically!”

In the year 1784, at the age of 24 years, William, Junior visits and then reconciles with his father William Franklin in London, England, a happy day.
At the age of 24 years old, Adam, Junior marries a 22 years old, Native American Creek Indian squaw, Suzanne Sunshine, a happy day, too.

She said. “Each man gets one angel touch.”

In the year 1792, at the age of William Junior sells 12,000,000 acres of Native American Indian lands to the United States of American government for a money profit.
At the age of 32 years old, Adam, Junior buries his mother Talla Dawn on Sea Island. She dies two years after her husband Adam Samuel Smith at the age of 70 years old.
Talla Dawn was born in the year 1720 as a happy, carefree girl. In the year 1733 of the White Man, she was kidnapped by a gang of Indian Traders and then taken to one of the sea island cotton plantations working out in the cotton fields.
In the year 1752, Adam was visiting the different plantations learning about the crops, visiting with the new neighbors and spotted the tall, beautiful Indian squaw. Later that night, he and his older brothers left Sea Island and then rescued her and other female Indians from the cotton plantation. They all lived and married into the Smith family tree.

She frowned. “Yeah! Adam, Junior receives one angle touch. William, Junior gets one asshole strike.”

In the year 1798, in the month of May, on the 15th of the day, in the city of Paris, within the country of France, at the age of 38 years old, William, Junior produces an illegitimate newborn baby daughter named Ellen. The baby comes from the sister-in-law of his biological’s father second wife.

She hissed. “Really? Really! For real! Like father; like son; like grandson, too!”

In the month of May, on the 15th of the day, Adam, Junior produces a legitimate newborn baby son named Attila Samuel Smith with his married wife Suzanne Sunshine.

She frowned. “One angel touch for Adam, Junior; one asshole strike for William, Junior.”

In the year 1813, in the month of November, on the 17th day, at the age of 83 years old, William Franklin dies in the city of London, within the country of England.
He leaves his small estate to his granddaughter Ellen.
In the same year, during the summer months, at the age of 53, Adam, Junior is not fighting against eight drunken British sailors but arrives too late seeing all the blood proteins and dead bodies of his murdered Smith family members except his son, his wife, and his daughter-in-law.

She stated. “One angel touch to each man.”
William Junior is a father to an illegitimate daughter, who is born on May 15th, in the year 1798. His daughter marries Capel Hanbury and births a newborn daughter named Maria Hanbury. Maria Hanbury receives a small estate from her deceased grandfather William Franklin. Maria Hanbury remains unmarried with no children and then dies in London, England.
In the same year, on May 15th, Attila becomes a grandfather too.

Magritte frowned, “The end of the Franklin line, literally!” She exhaled with disappointment. “That American history tale is both very sad and very soulful, including an array of painful suffering and body aches.” She sneered. “Why did I start this silly game? But I did and I must continue until the end of Ace or the end of my car ride,” she laughed and then snarled, “Wee! Wee! This creatively unpredictable silly similar date matching process is going to end both quickly and nastily. I can feel it!”
In the year 1823, at the age of 63 years old, William Junior dies in poverty in the city of Paris, France.
At the age of 63 years old, Adam, Junior lives in riches in the city of Darien within the U.S. state of Georgia.

She stated. “Wow! Two humans are birthed on the same day, the same month, of the same year taking a different spiritual, financial, economic, physical, mental and paternal fatherly pathway in their long life. One dies in both poverty and defeat. The other lives in both riches and happiness. One angel touch for each man. I cannot punish a dead man.” Then she groaned in regret, “Please end this misery!”

Adam, Junior lives and then dies as an American hero.
William, Junior lives as a son of a bitch mother and then dies as a son of a bastard father.
William Franklin lives as a son of a bitch mother and then dies as a son of a bastard father.

She frowned. “Talk about the end of the line…a family line! They all deserved to become written out of existence within all the American History books, the World History books, and the Ancient History books, too!” She exhaled with frustration. “Where was I within the Ancient American History storyline?” She smiled. “O yeah! Everyone is dead but Attila Samuel Smith, the original. He was born on May 15th, in the year 1798, on Sea Island, on the sunny coastline of the U.S. State of Georgia. In the year 1813, at the age of 15 years old, he moved 15 miles northwest from the coastal sandy Sea Island to the tiny seaport town Darian. Then he was employed as a cotton factor becoming very, very rich with a treasury chest of 25,000,000 U.S. dollars, at the age of 35 years old. He buried his dad and mom in two different places and then left the busy southern seaport of Darian moving into the wilder city limits of Mobile dragging his twin teen sons and his wife, there too, of course.
“Attila Samuel Smith purchased and modified the name and the dirt road on the 1833 Mobile manor. One mystery is solved. And Attila really didn’t have to work for a living but owned lands, slaves, farm equipment pieces, draft horses, and mules starting to plant, grow, and harvest 7,000 acres of cotton crops. Cotton is the king and a Southern Belle is a princess, within the Deep South, until the beginning of the Civil War Between the States. He owned a huge cotton plantation and with meadows of both grazing cows and horses, soil dirt grounds with pigs, chicken, goats, dogs, and cats, and crop fields of slaves, making tons of money, too boot.” She gasped in shock.
“That means, Attila, my recently deceased legally wedded husband is worth billions and billions of dollars. I’m a billionairess.” She softly clapped and loudly giggled with delight not caring if her chauffeur driver heard her silly bout of noises coming from the rear compartment on the parked limousine. “I have followed the clues and found my answers,” she turned and frowned at the side glass window. The afternoon summer storm still raged in the dark skies streaking the window and flooding the city streets, reducing the heated temperatures into a higher humidity factor this early afternoon. The air-conditioning vent blew bouts of cool air molecules inside her transportation keeping her plump body frame cold. But she was going to miss her scheduled appointment at her regular hair and nail salon. Maybe she would cancel her appointment.
“No!” She shook her dirty curls and exhaled with annoyance looking down at her phone. “I’ll continue to sit here in the limo among the nicely flowing the cold air-conditioning molecules and research the rest of Ace’s blood line. I’m almost at the end of the line. What additional mental and physical events can impact the rest of Ace’s ancient and dead relatives? The American Civil War is coming. There must be some juicy American historical tidbits there that I can aim and then fire into one of his two girly violet-purplish tinted eyeballs, if he dares to question my southern belle honest integrity.” She snarled with anger and looked down flipping through the electronic articles on her phone, reading in silence.

After 308 years of living in the country of England and then migrating to the New World residing in numerous present day U.S. States, including modern day Connecticut, New York, North Carolina, and Georgia, Ace’s ancient and dead bloodline relatives named Mr. and Mrs. Attila Samuel Smith, first twin son Attila Samuel Smith, Junior, and second twin sons Attila Samuel Smith, the third finally arrive at the seaport town of Mobile, within the U.S. State of Alabama.
The twin sons had been born on April 11th, in the year 1815, at the seaport city of Darien, within the U.S. State of Georgia.
In the same seaport, Attila Samuel “Ass” Smith had worked as a cotton factor from the year 1813 until his retirement early in the year 1833 while earning a total sum of $25,000,000 in modern day U.S. currency.
The Mobilian lands and waters was first owned by the Native American Mobilian Indian tribes and then found by Spanish exploder Hernando de Soto in the year 1540 A.D. The first civilized settlement was established in the year 1702 by the France Crown and then fought and won by the English Crown, then the Spanish Crown and finally won by the American patriots. The new American colonies did not need, desired, or wanted a crowned king or prince or princess or queen.
The weather contains a hot, humid summer in the 90 degree Fahrenheit range and a mild, cool winter of a 60 degree Fahrenheit range, with a very rare occasion, within 300 years, producing falling snowflakes. The sunny month May recording 300 hours of sunlight. The hottest month is August holding 105 degrees Fahrenheit on August 29th, in the year 2000.The coldest month is February presenting on February 3rd with air temperature of 1 degree Fahrenheit.
Mobile is the wettest city within the continental United States of America holding 66.30 inches of rain each year. 120 days with 0.01 inches of rain for the calendar year. July and August are the two wettest months of the season presenting rain showers for 14 days. October is the driest month with only seven days of rain for the time period.
The city lies on the western side of Mobile Bay. Mobile Bay is a shallow inlet of the Gulf of Mexico within the U.S. State of Alabama. The mouth of the bay forms a peninsula on the eastern side and a barrier island on the western side. Two inland Alabama rivers dump into the waters making Mobile Bay an estuary. Mobile Bay is the fourth largest estuary in the United States. Annually, in the summer months, fish and crustaceans swarm the shallow coastline creating an abundance of fresh seafood for the aquatic mammal and the hungry humans.
Mobile Bay is 413 square miles. The bay is 31 miles long leading into the city of Mobile by 24 miles wide. The deepest waters are 75 feet deep.
In the America year of 1815, from the western side of Mobile Bay, the two hundred feet comprises low land bank of seashells. The flat landscape of cut grass blades contains empty lots for future buildings. Further south, the Montuse Tavern stands a half-a-mile from the first dirt roadway and four different residential homes.
The settlement of Mobile is not a constructed quarter concept from James Oglethorpe but contains straight dirt roads heading north to south or east to west.
The first dirt road is named Royal Street running north to south containing the J. Forbes & Co.; a Catholic Church, and a Spanish bakery. On the opposite end of the dirt street, a lonely house stands at the intersection of Royal Street, Saint Louis Street, Saint Michael Street.
The second north-south street is named Saint Joseph Street houses a Spanish Hospital.
The third north-south street is called Conception Street and contains two residential houses.
The fourth north-south street is named Joachin Street and presents two residential houses.
The land plot behind the dirt road named Joachin Street contains the Old Catholic Graveyard surrounded by forest of trees.
The first western dirt road shooting off Royal Street is Saint Louis Street standing a half-a-mile from the Stockade Fort and the seashell sandy road to Popular or the orange groves.
The second western dirt road shooting off Royal Street leaning towards the road to Kennedy’s Spring or gas works. Later in the decade, this road leads to the new waterworks foundation providing water to all natives of Mobile.
The third western dirt road shoots off of Saint Joseph Street is named Dauphin Street leading to the road of Portag or Three Mile Creek. The forest of trees later becomes Springhill Community containing numerous cotton fields and residential houses in the year 1820.
From the seaport of Savannah, retired cotton factor Attila Smith, his wife Everleigh, and two newly graduated high school teenage sons boarded a schooner ship sailing around the eastern and southern coastlines of the three U.S. States of Georgia, Florida and Alabama, at 22 miles-per-hour. The nautical maritime sea miles from the eastern seaport Savannah, Georgia to the deep harbor port of southern Mobile, Alabama is 365 miles. At 22 miles-per-hour, the schooner coasted into Mobile 20 days later on September 23rd.
A schooner is a Scottish word which means, to skip over water or to skip stones. A schooner ship is a sea sailing vessel with a fore and aft rigging system of cloth sails.
On their first day, residing within their adopted beach town of Mobile, they rent two rooms in a nice hotel on Saint Joseph Street. They refresh their travel bodies, eating in one of the nicely decorated restaurants, and then performing a slow-walking tour of their new home environment.

Magritte frowned with frustration and firmly typed with her thumb pads on the tiny keyboard ranting her words crazily into her two eardrums only. “Why did Attila Samuel Smith move from Darien to Mobile? It’s a purely illogically move. I can’t find any motive or mention of purpose or thought here. One day, he decided to move from Darien to another town. Mobile is a seaport and a beach town like seaport Darien with warm weather. His father died and was buried on Sea Island. His mother died a few weeks, before her elderly husband, and she was buried inside a secret Native American Indian mound, within the lands of Georgia. So, Attila was not going to visit their independent gravesites every again. But why did he move from Darien to Mobile? Mobile and Darien are seaports with great weather. I cannot find a motive or mention of his thoughts. His father kept a daily journal. Or maybe, his mother kept the nighty diary with the adventures of her husband.” She exhaled with annoyance and looked up seeing the closed partition. “Well, I can’t find an answer. Maybe, the answer is embedded further down in the next set of internet articles on his two twin sons.”
She looked down and started typing on the tiny keyboard feeling the cold air-conditioned air blowing on her face and her dirty curls. Her feet tapped out a musical song and as her body wiggled sideways without feeling the engine on the powerful but parked limousine. She found new electronic information on Ace’s 5th Generation Great-Grandfather Smith and then started reading in silence.
During the remaining days of September and the middle of October, the Smith clan lived in a hotel room carefully exploding the city limits of Mobile. One evening at dinner, they joined a group of citizens learning of a new post-educational institution.
So, at the age of 18 years, their twin sons, Attila Samuel Smith, Junior and Attila Samuel Smith, the third enrolled in a college environment. They attended the oldest college institution in the great State of Alabama and within the Deep South, Spring Hill College.

Magritte gasped in shock and then smiled, “I do declare. I did too.” She giggled with delight. “Well, I can boast that an ancient and dead Attila Samuel Smith had both good taste and smart brains, like his modern day step-grandmother, too boot. Spring Hill College resides in the Spring Hill Community around both residential homes and private companies. My word! Ace’s house resides within the Spring Hill Community also.”
On November 1st, the institution’s administration of Spring Hill College enrolls ten academic students offering a post-educational college degree. The academic courses include English grammar, arithmetic mathematical, world geography, and a Latin or Greek translation assignment from of one of three classical literature novels, the personal writings from Roman governor, military officer, and dictator Julius Caesar named Gallic War or the poem Aeneid by Roman poet Virgil or the Anabases poem by Greek poet Xenophon.
Here, in the United States of America, the study of Latin language had also included classical ancient poet Virgil and his ancient Roman masterpiece Aeneid, until the 1960s. An academic examination of Virgil was designed to test the college student’s ability to read, translate, understand, analyze, and interpret the lines in the Latin language.
She slapped her chest and continued to smile. “Well, I was a lucky duck! I didn’t have to translate Virgil or Xenophon, only trim off the excess fabric on my new outfit during my final test in my final Fashion Merchandise class.” Magritte continued to read in silence.
During the tour of Mobile, Mr. and Mrs. Smith are introduced to an Englishman, who is selling his newly built colonial manor in Springhill Community. Attila offers a good price and buys the house and the surrounding property. While their two sons are having fun in the new college environment, Attila and his wife Everleigh purchase household kitchen and furniture items for their new home. They move into the house on November 13th. That night, an invasion of bright lights coming from the heavens scared all the earthlings into confessing of their guilty sins while loudly singing and praying for forgiveness from the Almighty Father.
The rural residential homesteads did not possess live electricity power and the bright luna moon had set in the early evening giving the North American continent an unobstructed view of the greatest heavenly event of the century. The Leonids, an annual meteor shower produces a dozen meteors-per-hour. This particular night, there were thousands of falling star crossing the western skyline which was seen by thousands of eyeballs.
On their first night in their new home, at three in the morning, both Attila and Everleigh are awaken by the primate screams coming from their nearest neighbors running outside in their night clothes and a pair of naked feet, seeing thousands of glowing lights among the nightly skyline. They calmly smiled at the unique sight and accepted the blessed event as a new celestial sign coming from the Almighty Father, his son Christ Jesus, the Holy Spirit, their heavenly angels, and their recently deceased family member Adam Samuel “Attila” Smith, Junior that they had made a good decision moving from Darien to Mobile.
“What! What does that stupid statement mean? Nothing! It means nothing.” Magritte frowned down at the phone screen. “Yeah! Yeah! The rich elites are always happy. God doesn’t take their money, only Satan. Now, I wonder.” She giggled with silliness. “No! I shalt not either wonder or wander.” She chuckled with amusement. “Maybe, I shall either wonder or wander.” She laughed with an evil tone viewing the glass window. The afternoon summer thunderstorm raged against the glass pane painting the sky in an indigo anger blue hue.
She looked down and smiled at the phone screen. “I wonder or wander which classical ancient literature piece did the Smith twins select, a Latin or Greek one.” She typed on the tiny keyboard finding the new information, reading out loud. “Ah! They both selected to translate words and sentences from the Latin language and then write an American research paper on the Gallic War, where all the Latin writings had come from the personal military diary of Roman statesmen Julius Caesar. Wee! Wee! That’s a monumental undertaking for a simple college degree! The Gallic War contains seven independent books in the Latin language. I know that, but I have not read them. That wasn’t a required academic course for me in obtaining in my ancient college degree. So, what else happened to Attila? What else happened during the rest of the year 1833?”
She started typing on the keyboard looking for the new set of data and then stopped. “Maybe, I should read one of their college research papers. I wanna know how the kids did in the college environment. I mean I can cheat and skip ahead in the internet articles. Are the kids as smart or smarter than Ace? Or are they dumber than a dumb belle like his girlfriend Fran or Fred or Frog?” She laughed with an evil tone typing on the phone, finding the first research paper that appeared.

Before the explanation of each Roman military campaign first, within the published Roman letters, was created, within his neurons, and then implemented by his commands, let us discuss the man, Julius Caesar.
Julius serves as a priest, a soldier, a statesman, and then a ruler. He possesses a genius mind in military strategies using both his brains and his resources consisting of superior Roman-made war equipment, tons of Roman coins, and swift supply lines of local Gaul foodstuffs resulting in a total defeat on each one of his targeted foes. He is an outstanding orator speaking the correct words while rallying both his men and his cause into each Roman military victory. He is both a natural born leader and a business entrepreneur seizing a financial opportunity, consisting of stealing the bootie, such like, raiding each Gaul village with its natives, gold coins, and precious treasures.
His greed for wealth, his arrogance for power, and his talent for military victories, these three powerful character traits shifted an average Roman citizen Caesar from a brilliant military leader into a political dictator ending the Roman Republic and then created the infamous and famous Roman Empire. Once the Roman Empire had been established, Caesar dared to name his person as an emperor and then a god. He was a living ancestor from Roman Goddess Venus, so he claimed, such like, the other pagan-god and goddess worshiping elite Romans.
He is a very wealthy stateman leading naturally into the political area of power while trying to earn the two greedy titles of both an emperor and a god.
The first Roman civilization, with the Roman citizens, was founded in the country of Italy and developed for the nation of Rome, beginning in the year 753 B.C. Ancient Rome time period begins with the Roman Kingdom starting from the year 753 B.C. to 509 B.C.; the Roman Republic begins from the year 509 B.C. to 27 B.C.; the Roman Empire commences from the year 27 B.C. to 476 A.D. and finally Western Roman Empire concludes its ending in the year 476 A.D.
The second King of Rome, Numa Pompilius, lived in the years 715 to 673 B.C. He divided the continuous days and nights by lunar moonlight nights, thus creating the first Roman calendar with 12 months based on the names of all the pagan Roman gods and goddesses, of course. January is 29 days. February is 28 days. March is 31 days. April is 29 days. May is 31 days. June is 29 days. July is 31 days. August is 29 days. September is 29 days. October is 31 days. November is 29 days. December is 29 days.
The total lunar days created the mathematical number 354. Due to the Roman superstition of an even math number, as an unlucky sign, from the Roman natives or Roman gods or the Roman goddesses or all of the mentioned proper nouns, the first month of January added one more day and night presenting 30 days, thus creating an odd math number of 355 days on the first Roman calendar.
In the year 58 B.C., within the Roman Republic, the Roman leaders and citizens counted forward towards the springtime month starting on March 23rd, the planting season of field crops and the beginning of the military campaigns of battle, until the last day of December, where the autumn planting season ended along with the military campaigns. The Romans did not count the two calendar months January and February as there was no work for the slaves in the crop fields and no military campaigns for the soldiers on the battlefields.
The Gallic Wars occurred between the descending calendar years from 58 B.C. down to 50 B.C. within the Roman Republic time slot. So, this written report is a detailed personal account of Roman Imperator, Proconsul member Julius Caesar’s military campaigns fighting against a very large collection of loosely devoted Gallic tribes consisting of natives from the present day European countries of France, Luxembourg, Switzerland, Belgium, Germany, and Northern Italy, based on the writings from both an ambitious and wealthy Roman citizen named Julius Caesar.
Key terms have been slightly modified bringing all the ancient words and worlds into the modern day era of places, peoples, and pets.
Gaul is a derogatory term, only, coming from the culture of both the arrogant and greedy Romans and is defined as an uncivilized, uneducated barbarian, who consume their Roman wine straight from the bottle without watering down the contents in the crystal goblet.
Thus, the Romans called the Frenchmen, the Gauls.
Within the people of Gauls, there exist independent Celtic tribes. So, the Gaul peoples represent geographical locations each individual Celtic tribe. The Celtic natives, within a single tribe, possesses their own leaders, laws, language, customs, and cultures. Each Celtic tribe lives, hunts, eats, sleeps, plays and thrives in a protective tribal clan within the following present day countries of France, Luxembourg, Belgium, Switzerland, Germany, Northern Italy and southern coastline of Britain. The ancient France countryside stretches from the northern River Rhine to the northwestern Alpine Mountains, down to the southwestern Mediterranean Sea through the Pyrenees Mountains in the south across the southeastern lands to the Atlantic Ocean. 
To offer difference of nouns, the Celtic League represents the countries of Ireland, Wales, Scotland, and French Brittany.
The pronoun, Gaul, represents the native fighters coming from all the different geographical Celtic tribes, consisting of modern day soldiers of French, Spanish, Swiss, German, Belgium, northern Italian, and southern British.
Gaul fighter is a modern day French soldier.
Belgae fighter is a modern day Belgium soldier.
Breton is a British native that does not live in the Gaul lands.
Helvetii migrant is a modern day Swiss citizen living in the modern day city of Zurich, Switzerland.
Cohort equals an American army troop consisting of 360 Roman fighting men, not women. 
Roman cavalry is 4,000 riders and their horses. The talented horsemen came from the Roman allied Aedui riders and the Gaul Transalpine riders, who served as a reconnaissance, intelligence gathering, and communication patrol. The patrol guarded the flanks of the Roman army during a march, a few horse-to-horse fight skirmishes without deaths, and secured the lands after a battle fight, and prevented the fleeing of each wounded enemy.
Oppidum is another named for a large town within an enclosed stone wall for bodily protection. Caesar arrives and then resides outside each oppidum on the ground sleeping and eating with his nasty, smelly, mean Roman legions, where the town natives must feed his soldiers.
Morini (French) coastal tribe lives in the present day seaport of Boulogne-Sur-Mer across the 21 miles from Dover, England and lies south of the Menapii (French) coastal tribes.
Menapii (French & Belgium) lands occupy both sides of the Rhine River bed near the sea outlets and close to the Sugambri tribes that live across the river. And the lands are the modern day town fields of Flanders, Belgium.  The ancient lands of the Nervii lie north of the Menapii lands; the Morini villages lie southwest; the Atrebates lands are posed south and the Eburones lands are located on the eastern side of Menapii natives.
Veneti (French) tribe lives in present day northern region of France Brittany, on the southwest coastline of the English Channel. The capital city is named Darioritum. The Breton natives call the town Gwened. The modern day town is called Vannes.
Belgic (Belgium) tribes live above the Siena River, in present day country of Belgium. The Belgae villages are located in northern France, on the opposite shoreline of modern day England and resides within the lower Rhine River valley.
Celtic tribes are located in the middle section of the France from the eastern side of the Atlantic Ocean towards the Rhone River occupying the Helvetia villages and then towards the Rhine River.
Aquitania tribes, known as Gascony, reside in the southern France lands running along the Atlantic Ocean coastline heading eastly towards the Pyrenees Mountains.
Province is the proper name of the Roman occupied geographical lands and is located in southern France and known to the modern world with the following modern day town names of Marseille and Vaucluse on the modern day French Rivera coastline. The Roman borderlands follow the curvature of the Mediterranean Sea heading downwards to the southern Aquitania lands, going north and then east on the borders of the Gaul lands, and ending at the western Helvetia villages in the country of modern day Switzerland.
Across the Rhine River, the Germanic (German) tribes live including the Ubii, the Sugambri, and the Usipetes.
To visually outline the ancient Gaul (French) landscape, using the four different geographical markers, within the world, the modern day northwest English Channel coastal region includes the cities from Brittany to Normandy, the north city of Paris; the southern English Channel coastal town of Bordeaux; the southwest city of Lyon, and the southern edge of the French Rivera.
Within the landscape of modern day France and Belgium, the region of the Germanic (German) natives lies on the northeast section.
Due north, the Belgae region contains the Remi and Treveri natives.
On the southwestern coastline, starting at the Atlantic Ocean, the southern Gaul natives live in the lands of the Pictones. The Pictones native are talented shipbuilders. 
The Veneti tribes occupy the southern and western coastline within modern day Brittany going up the western coastline to the Gaul lands of the Caletii, the Morini, and the Menpaii. Parallel to the lands of the Caletii, Morini, and Menpaii, and several hundreds of miles further inland, the lands of the Bellovaci lies above the lands of Laticia (Paris) and beside the Remi lands. Further west lies the Treveri lands next to the Rhine River.
In the middle of France, the vast lands of the Senones reside, who are the distant cousins of Paris natives and sit above the lands of the Carnutes, the Druid Clan.
Moving into the southern lands of modern day France, the natives of the Bituriges Cubi are hundreds of miles west of the Aedui lands and the Arverni lands.
Scooting into the southwestern regions, the vast Arverni lands lie above the Cevennes Mountains that separate the lands from the French Rivera lands. 
Before Julius Caesar became the governor of the Roman Transalpine Gaul on the French Rivera lands, there were two civil and social parties ruling all the Gaul lands: the Aedui and the Sequani.
The Sequani tribes allied with the German tribes across the Rhine River waters under the German King Ariovistus. When all the Aedui noble family members were killed by the savage German tribes, Aedui Druid Diviciascus went to the city of Athens and asked the Roman Senator help in defending his natives or defeating the German warriors.
None came.
After Caesar arrived and resided in the French Rivera, the Aedui Druid Diviciascus asked him for help again. Caesar saw a wonderful military and financial opportunity here handing out both a defeated and deflated Gaul tribe with their German ties. Then the Aedui hostages were returned; the Aedui powers were restored; and new Gaul authority was aligned with Rome’s best interest, not at heart, but in the head of Governor Julius Caesar.
The lands of Remi became the second most powerful authority within the Gaul lands. All the other Gaul natives allied with the Remi leaders, who allied with Rome.
The third most powerful authority belonged to the religious Druid Clan. Thus, the commoners or non-royal Gaul natives had no authority powers and very few rights regarding both freedom and lands.
Ancient World History moment: In the year 390 B.C., the neighborly feud begins, when the Gaul barbarian tribes attack and then sack a newly founded city of Athens. The Roman citizens quickly learn to both respect and fear the foreign Gaul fighting barbarians.
Between the years of 121 B.C. and 62 B.C., several bloody and costly war battles were lost by the Roman leadership against all the Gaul fighting barbarians again.
Ancient World History moment: Between the years of 62 B.C. and 58 B.C., the Gaul civilizations are both urbanized and wealthy, including the nobles, who reside within the present day countries of Britain, France, Luxembourg, Netherlands, and Belgium. Each urbanized city is ruled by a clan leader and exchanges Gaul trading items, such like, iron, grains, and slaves for imported bottles of Roman wine through Roman merchants, within the Roman Republic.
The Roman citizens consider the Gaul peoples uncivilized by drinking the Roman wine liquid straight from the imported wine bottle without watering down the contents inside the crystal goblet and also labels all of them with the ugly name of barbarians. However, the Roman leaders view a different and dangerous world with a more powerful force of fighting Gaul natives, who do not surrender, give up, or resist their Gaul native ways.
Roman army is a professional unit including payment for their services, outfitted in Roman war gear, and trained to fight in Roman style. The army possesses units of heavy infantry, archers, and cavalry units, sometimes recruiting from the local Gaul villages paying in Roman coins and providing Roman war gear as they join the Roman army.
Gaul rebels are fighters who are not equipped in war gear or paid in coins, only the wealthier warriors dress in protective body armor for a simple wartime event. The Gaul peoples are a warrior culture carrying a long sword and riding a horse. The natives praise the acts of bravery and courage and raid their neighbors which keeps their fighting skills sharp. A Gaul warrior is taller than a Roman solider too and uses Gaul guerilla rebel fighting tactics against their foes and possesses a flair for combat in an intricately decorated body armor or even in the nude.
However, the metal body armor, the war gear, the trained discipline, and the military formation of the Roman soldiers easily win each war battle in hand-to-hand combat contest.
In the year 61 B.C., as Governor Julius Caesar is serving his five-year assignment in Roman-occupied Transalpine Gaul. Transalpine Gaul is also called the name Provence, which is known as the modern day French Rivera. He is both powerless and penniless possessing heavy sheets of financial debt, after accumulating numerous financial bribes to people and politicians. Currently, his possesses a weak political career and a non-military position within lower countryside of modern day France. His true ambition in the office of governorship of Transalpine Gaul is to attack and then seize the Kingdom of Dacia, within the Balkans, grabbing their wealth treasures.
However, Caesar leisurely resides or presides over the modern day French Rivera, but he does not sit on his laurel flower wreath to long spitting out Roman regulatory laws, behind his administrative wooden office desk.

The first writing of the Book I of the Gallic Wars starts.
In the year 58 B.C., an arrogant and wealthy Helvetii (Swiss Zurich) merchant named Orgetorix.
The ending syllable “rix” on a proper name represents a man related to an ancient dead king or is the current king of his present Gaul village. 
Orgetorix displays the “rix” within the letters of his name and personally decides to accumulate more power desirous of the title, King of the Gaul Nations, for his person and all his blood-related family members. His first step has been accomplished, marrying his first born daughter to the Roman-allied and powerful Aedui Chief Dumnorix, who possesses a fierce hatred towards Governor Julius Caesar, Rome, the Romans, and is desirous of the title of king within his own Aedui Oppidum and the rest of his Gaul villages.
An oppidum is also a fortified town usually more or less 74 acres of land which is perched on top of high ground, such like, a hilltop, protecting the peoples, plants, and pets. The town displays a pair of pincer gates and is surrounded with an uninterrupted front façade of stones for the outer wall, an inner short wooden constructed wall, and a rear rampart gate in the back of the town. The decorative construction on each oppidum announces both the power and the wealth of the local townspeople distinguishing them from the rural countryside and livestock and crop farms.
Through his writings and his war adventures, Caesar identifies and then conquers 28 different oppida or towns throughout his military campaign from the years 58 B.C. to 50 B.C. The city of Geneva, Switzerland holds a single oppidum. The Gaul lands of Bituriges Cubi holds 20 oppida. The lands of Helvetii (Swiss Zurich) lands holds 12 oppida.
The Bibracte Oppidum is located in the modern day city location of Lyon, within the present day country of France, where the confluence of the two rivers Rhone and Saone meet. Lyon stands 292 miles southeast of Paris; 199 miles north of Marseille, and 35 miles northeast of Saint Etienne.
Ancient World History moment: In the year 43 B.C., the Roman Senate created a plot of land within the Gaul territory for all the fleeing Roman refugees, who had been expelled from the town of Vienne, after the land war with the Allobroges Nation. The exiled natives created the township of Aedui.
Within the new township of Aedui, the foundation grounds are built on a French hilltop.
The two French rivers, Rhone and Saone converge in the south forming a natural peninsula surrounded by two large hills to the west and the north and a large plain extending from east to south.
The northern hill is named, La Croix-Rousse, meaning “the hill that works” and is the home to numerous modern day silk fabric sweatshops…workshops, a luxury fashion industry in France.
The western hilltop is named Fourviere translating “the hill that prays” and features the location of numerous churches, convents, and religious residential houses.
East of the converge is a large and wide flat plain of landmark structures and residential homes.
The air currents provide a humid subtropical climate weather pattern due to the oceanic winds. Rain precipitation is 32 inches per year. The winter months are dry with an average of 37.80 degrees Fahrenheit. The summer months are mild with an average of 71.60 degrees Fahrenheit.
The Rhone and Saone river convergence also forms a natural trade route and communication hub for Rome, where both ancient and modern day ships can easily navigate the slow-moving waters. The main dirt road, within the Aedui township, became a main day Roman road for importing Roman merchandise and acted as the capital of the Roman Republic, within the Gaul regions. 
Decades later, both Roman Emperors Claudius and Caracalla will be birthed in the same city.
Thus, the Roman province of Aedui lands is filled with a small band of wealthy and arrogant Gaul (French) natives, who rule over the crop farmers.
Back in Swiss Zurich village, rich merchant and Helvetii leader Orgetorix viciously incites all his fellow natives living with in the 400 Helvetii (Swiss Zurich) villages to leave their lake shore huts and then migrant by foot and wagons into a warmer climate, a hotter country, and a wealthier landscape, within the western Gaul territories.
The rich merchant is caught in his lies of both fame and fortune by a vicious spy revealing the personal ambition of becoming new “King of the Gaul” lands and then is arrested by the Helvetii leader Divico. Before Orgetorix convicted of his greedy crimes attending his court of law with 10,000 slaves and numerous personal retainers and debtors, he sneaks away disappearing and then dies by his own hand of suicide, the chosen method of the ear, both messy and silence.
However, all the foolish talk and greedy ideas invade each Helvetii (Swiss Zurich) native, who foolishly agree with the dead madman’s ideas of warmth and wealth. Long before the dreams of a power-grabbing elite merchant, the Helvetii (Swiss Zurich) natives live in a flat valley surrounded by Alpine Mountains in-between the rivers of Rhine and Rhone, a plot of land 180 miles long by 240 miles wide.
The talk of the migration walk started in the year 61 B.C., when the rowdy and ruff Germanic warriors continued to attack the Helvetii villages stealing the food supplies, robbing the livestock fields for food and greedy wanting the lands and peoples for slaves. The Helvetii natives started planning for a migration walk by buying cattle, expanding crop food production and establishing peaceful treaties with their neighbors.
So, the dream state becomes fluid, on March 28, in the year 58 B.C., when the Helvetii migrants burn their 400 villages and 12 oppida, tote their pets, their elderly citizens and their food baskets, leading their cattle and supply wagons of three months of food along with all their family members. Destroying all their limited land and property assets ensures the natives do not retreat back home and does not invite new settlers to the damaged landscape. The food supply line travels with the Helvetii tribe. The natives will buy or capture or plunder for additional needs from the neighboring Gaul tribes and natives. 
The Helvetii migration line walks along with the natives from the Boii tribe moving ahead from the cold, northern valley heading due west directly towards the Roman warmer province of Transalpine Gaul or the French Rivera, where Governor Julius Caesar rules.
Ancient World History moment: In the year 390 B.C., the Boii tribe established the city of Felsina, within the pasture lands for sheep and cows, calling the lands Bononia, or the present day city of Bologna, within the modern day country of Italy. In the year 193 B.C., after the Battle of Mutina, with the Roman army, the Boii natives lost the war and their native lands became part of the Roman province of Cisalpine Gaul. The Romans drove the Boii natives from the fertile rich pasture lands instead of assembling their natives. The Boii natives migrated and then settled Taurisci and then started a war with the Daci people and then the entire tribe perished. The few Boii survivors wandered around and settled near the villages of the Helvetii natives.
The immigrant walk comprising both unhappy natives from the Helvetii and Boii tribes halt, setup camp, and glaze at the Full Moon later in the evening hours.
Spies from the Roman allies and the Geneva Oppidum deliver the new information tattling a migration walk of Gaul natives from Helvetii Swiss Zurich oppidum coming towards Caesar.
Political move:  Governor Caesar immediately sends Roman ambassadors to the furthest locations of the Gaul tribes persuading their Gaul leaders not to leave their established homesteads and then join the new Helvetii immigrant walk. Rome wants a set of nice and obedient Gaul neighbors and neighborhoods, not any of the nasty Germanic tribes or natives.
Military move: Caesar reaches first and then burns the wooden river cross bridge at Geneva and then orders the Romans to build a long trench and a wall of 16 feet high extending 19 miles from the lake bed to the mountain range keeping the migrants out of the lands and also stations Roman soldiers at the borders.
The land distance between the modern day cities of Zurich and Geneva is 139 miles. Traveling 20 miles-per-day, the immigrant walk arrives at the destroyed lake bridge at Geneva Lake, on April 7th, asking permission from Governor Caesar to cross through the Roman-occupied territories. 
Political move: Caesar hesitates to provide a diplomatic response to the Helvetii migrants and asks them to return back to the damaged bridge on April 13th. They leave Caesar and then return. Caesar denies the request. So, the Helvetii leader Divico and his immigrants turn and walk north avoiding all the Roman provinces trying to cross the river but encounter the Roman soldiers. Divico contacts Aedui Chief Dumnorix and asks permission to cross on the outskirts of the Aedui lands. Dumnorix agrees. The immigrant party starts walking due west from Geneva lake.
Political move: Caesar understands the immigration walkers will pass a distant Roman Province, an unprotected village with rich fertile crops fields. He leaves for Athens gathering five legions of Roman soldiers.
Three days later, on April 16th, 70 miles west from the destroyed Geneva bridge, the Helvetii natives plus ally friends (other Gaul warriors) attack the Bibracte Oppidum as it is a fake siege which had planned by a dead Helvetii merchant Orgetorix and a greedy Aedui Chief Dumnorix. 
On April 20th, under the order of Governor Caesar, the Roman soldiers have crossed over the Alpine Mountain range routing across the Rhone River into the first Gaul tribe, who are a loyal ally to the Roman Republic. The Romans cautiously spy and also follow the Helvetii caravan waiting on Caesar and the rest of the legions.
In Athens, Caesar hears of the bad news and rushes back to French Rivera lands racing ahead towards the Bibracte Oppidum leading 30,000 Roman soldiers plus Roman cavalry units, including some of the local Gaul soldiers from the local Gaul villages towards the Saone River arriving on May 4th.
The Saone River is located in eastern France and is the most navigable of all the French waterways featuring a very gentle gradient and a regular flow of slow-moving waters and is subject to flooding creating an island of water in the low-lying valley.
From April 17th to May 4th, at the Saone River waters, the Helvetii natives have taken 20 days to cross the waters on top of homemade wooden rafters.
Caesar surprisingly attacks the Helvetii caravan of 368,000 persons comprising 263,000 Helvetii citizens and 105,000 other Gaul natives including the Boii natives. A total of 75 percent or 276,000 immigrants cross the low river waters in safety; the rest, 92,000 or 25 percent comprising warriors who are shoving heavy wagons of foodstuffs are slaughtered by Roman blades.
Ancient World History moment: During the Cimbrian War, in the year 107 B.C., at the Battle of Burdigala, Roman Consul Lucius Cassius Longinus with his Roman Lieutenant Lucius Piso enter the town of Bituriges Vivsci fighting against the natives from the Allobroges and the Helvetii rebels. The Helvetii forces rally the fight and win the war for the Gaul lands killing both Roman soldiers Longinus and Piso.
Personal revenge: Caesar recalled a Helvetii attack from the year 107 B.C., before his birth. The Roman army was captured and then all the Roman commanders were killed, including Roman Lieutenant Lucius Piso, the grandfather of Lucius Calpurnius Piso, and granddaughter of Calpurnia. Calpurnia is Caesar’s current legally married wife. So, Caesar implements his human emotion of revenge for his dead grandfather-in-law blood relatives by murdering all the innocent natives.
In one day, on May 5th, Caesar crosses the low river waters with 30,000 soldiers and horses using a newly invented Roman pontoon-type boat bridge system and then follows the 276,000 Helvetii survivors but does not engage in battle while waiting for the correct moment.
The Helvetii leaders send a pair of emissaries to negotiate peace with Caesar. Caesar meets with the emissaries and then demands hostages. The emissaries do not agree with hostages, only peace. Else there is only war.
Political point: Caesar views the mistreatment of the Roman allies by the Helvetii natives as both a punishment and a punishable crime by Roman laws and then he angerly feels threatened with the bold assumption of a Helvetii victory over the Romans.
On June 11th, the Helvetii caravan move their campsite. Caesar sends his 4,000 cavalry units to spy and observe the Helvetii natives. The Helvetii send out 500 cavalry horsemen and surprisingly attack the 4,000 Roman riders winning the short fight. Then Caesar becomes very cautious.
On June 13th, the Helvetii leave the river route moving through the free lands; but Caesar continues tracking them while waiting on the ordered grain supplies that are stuck in boats on the smooth flowing Saone River.
On the morning of June 18th, without additional food for his weary Roman soldiers, Caesar calls and meets all the Aeduan chiefs at his Roman campsite inquiring about the missing grain supplies.
Political move: Caesar listens to each Gaul representative picking up tiny body and vocal clues regarding the delayed grain shipments which leads to the root cause or the root causing-person. He does not immediately yell or punishment the new troublemaker but offers a quick solution of peace involving minimum amount of Roman supervision, so all his Roman commanders and soldiers are free for other military or work projects.
At the same time, the Helvetii natives establish a campsite eight miles away from Caesar and below a tall cliff face with a high grassy hilltop. Caesar orders two legions moving towards the cliff to establish a second Roman campsite on the hilltop while observing the Swiss natives.
Later in the afternoon, the Roman Legion Cavalry Commander Quintus Tullius Cicero returns to Caesar and reports the hilltop is occupied by the Swiss natives.
Ancient World History moment: Quintus Tullius Cicero is the younger brother of political Roman orator and critic Marcus Tullius Cicero.
Caesar packs up and leaves his campsite marching three miles away from the Helvetii Swiss natives, while the Helvetii Swiss natives move further away from the Romans. However, the information was erroneous coming from Quintus Cicero. So, Caesar sits in fury while planning, during the evening, for the next attack.
The next day, early in the morning, on June 20th, Caesar turns his attention to securing food grain for his men. The best source of food is in Bibracte Oppidum, the modern day location of Mont Beuvray, France. Bibracte is the capital town comprising 337 acres of land, within the Aedui tribe. Caesar and his troops are is 18 miles away from the oppidum. The Romans turn and begin their march.
Military move: Divico has his spies spying on the Romans. The spies report. The Romans are retreating northward away from the Helvetii natives. Divico and his Helvetii army pursues for two miles and then attacks the Roman rear guard starting the Battle of Bibracte, which is located 16 miles south of Bibracte Oppidum.
Military move: Caesar quickly surveys the new unfamiliar landscape and rushes his Romans to the nearest tall sloped hilltop, a great advantage for him; a terrible disadvantage for the Helvetii.
Now, the Helvetii rebels are poised on the flat grounds and must battle uphill reaching the Roman soldiers. Caesar orders his Roman cavalry horsemen to attack protecting the Roman infantry and weapons. The newer legions are placed on top of the hill. The seasoned Romans form a triple battle line preparing for the battle fight.
Military move: Caesar holds back the younger inexperienced legion of younger soldiers in a reserve pod while allowing all his seasoned and experienced Romans to start the battle play with all the Helvetii and ally fighters.
The Helvetii warriors follow Caesar using their Gaul horsemen and form an opposing battle line withstanding the rows of fighting Roman cavalry and move forward onto the Roman triple lines.
Military move: Caesar orders all Roman horses removed from the battlefield danger as each Roman soldier shares the fight equally without fleeing from the battle site.
The auxiliary Roman units of archers and javelin throwers toss a volley of arrows and spears. The Roman infantry drew out a sword charging the Helvetii rebels and their Gaul allies.
Amazing skill or luck: Each Roman spear have pierced through the overlapping Helvetii shield pinning all the Gaul fighting bodies as one massive metal chain. Each Helvetii warrior untangles then tosses down a damaged body shield fighting without the protective armor.
As exhaustion hits each Helvetii warrior, he turns and retreats towards a new hilltop. The Romans chase the rear lines on the Helvetii army comprising 15,000 Gaul allies from the Boii and Tulingi tribes. Then the Gaul allies spin around and fight the Romans along the Helvetii warriors into the late evening hours.
After an exhaustive beating, the Romans capture prisoners. A total of 130,000 of Helvetii survivors and their local ally warriors lose the battle fight and then flee the bloody landscape. The Romans pursue, chasing down, slaughtering every man, woman, and child from the Helvetii immigrant walk.
From June 21st to 24th, Caesar rests his legions and tends to the wounded Romans on top of the hill sixteen miles away from the Bibracte Oppidum, for three days, while the healthy Roman soldiers chase after the remaining 110,000 Helvetii citizens.
On June 26th, Divico sends his Helvetii emissaries to Caesar discussing the surrender terms. Caesar demands both their weapons and their hostages. In the late evening, 6,000 Helvetii natives escape to the Rhine River. Caesar orders the escapees returned. Else, he will hold the other Gaul tribes responsible for the issue.
On June 28th, the 6,000 Helvetii escapees are returned and then labeled as enemies. The other Helvetii natives are allowed to surrender to Caesar’s terms.
Political move: On June 30th, Caesar orders the local Gaul tribe to finish food stuffs for the 110,000 Helvetii survivors, who foolishly had burned their own fields and crops having no food supply. Then the Helvetii survivors plus their Gaul allies are ordered back to their homeland while stopping to rebuild all the destroyed Gaul villages. Once back home, the Swiss Zurich Helvetii natives will form a safety buffer zone between Roman Republic and the nasty Germanic (Germany) tribes. Caesar is ordering all the Helvetii natives to rebuild back all the other destroyed Gaul native houses keeping any new settlers off the empty lands. The ambitious and nasty German tribes want the new lands which creates a new political and economic nightmare for both Caesar and Rome.
Political move: Caesar resettles the surviving Boii natives at Gorgobina Fort in the lands of Bituriges Cubi.
Political move: Also, the military genius neurons plus the brilliant orator statesman, Caesar uses the mind influence of human psychology asking for his enemy’s hostages while depleting the battlefield strength for a future war fight. A sustainable and suitable method for peaceful relations, within an era of war, from the greatest number of enemy warriors within the active and vast Gaul lands. When Caesar offers a pardon to his enemies, he receives gratitude and loyalty from the vanished parties without any additional bloodshed of either Romans or enemies, and hopefully non-vengeful emotions. Alas! The later outcome does not always work.
Death toll: Helvetii rebel army is 106,000; Roman army is 50.
On July 1st, after the successful Helvetii defeat and then conquest of the immigrant walkers, the majority of human voices coming from the local Gaul tribe leaders praise Imperator Caesar, the Roman Republic, and the Roman army and then start to tattle about the invading Germanic tribes thriving on the outer edge of the Gaul lands.
Ancient World History moment: The Aedui tribe started a war battle fight with the Arverni tribe. After the Arverni leaders won the fight, the German natives were awarded plots of rich fertile farmlands and the enslaved hostages within the Aedui tribes.
At the present time, 120,000 Arverni Germans live within rich fertile farm land. Ariovistus, the German king, had seized the best Aedui farmlands and now demanded another third to provide his new German friends. Ariovistus is a ruthless, arrogant barbarian and will severely punishment all his Aedui hostages, if Ariovistus does not get his way with the new lands.
Political move: Caesar comforts the silly Roman allies and agrees to the disgrace of Rome, not aiding their troubled Gaul friends. The Aedui are friends of Rome along with their German slaves. The future German natives crossing the Rhine River is another dangerous issue as they are a new potential enemy of Rome. Their proximity to Roman borders can lead to a vile and violent invasion sweeping down the length of Italy countryside creating chaos, conflict, and control. Caesar sends a pair of Roman diplomates communicating to German King Ariovistus meet at a halfway station to discuss their mutual problem.
On July 7th, Ariovistus invites Caesar to the Vesontio Oppidum.
On July 10th, Cesar sends to two Romans emissaries with his message: Ariovistus is a Roman friend.
Political move: Caesar is ordering Ariovistus to cease the fight with the Gaul peoples, restore the Aedui hostages back to their homeland, permit the Sequani tribe their freedom, and refrain from war parties and stop the harassment of the Aedui natives. Else Caesar will instigate a vicious war with the king. Since the assigned Governor of the Province, within the Gaul lands, Caesar is authorized to protect the Aedui tribes and all the other friends of Rome.
On July 12th, Ariovistus sends back a message through the two Roman emissaries. He states the right of war for victors to rule the vanquished; Romans governs their conquered peoples the same way by the accordance to their judgment and without need of outside party. The Germanic leader is a conqueror like Caesar and does not desire Roman rule over his Germany lands either. King Ariovistus is entitled to the same Roman rights. The Aedui tribe had risked the war play and then lost their war battle fight paying a tribute which were just. If Imperator Julius Caesar continues to interfere in the German business matters, then he can play the war games too.
The Aedui Tribe is not always helpful or supportive of Imperator Caesar. Ariovistus offers his aid and his reward to Caesar in exchange for keeping the Gaul farmlands within the Gaul territory. Then King Ariovistus has both foretold and tattle that some of the Roman Senators and leaders regard the death of Caesar as a favor coming from the Roman gods and goddesses.
Thus, Ariovistus is stating both his words and his actions, he does not fear Caesar. The German fighters are undefeated, superbly trained, and have been in the unsheltered crop meadows and fields for fourteen years.
Political move: Caesar acts as a diplomate and rejects all the argumentative points from Ariovistus but does not abandon the Roman allies from the Gaul tribes. The Gaul tribes are free men and have their own Gaul laws. Rome is the institution with the governing rights here before the natives, the warriors and leaders of Germanic tribes.
Caesar plays both the orator and the diplomat discussing both sides of hearsay and historical facts debating the Germany King, without emotional threatening the return of the German natives back to their homeland and instigating a war. He is ordering Ariovistus to cease the fight with the Gaul peoples, restore the Aedui hostages back to their homeland, permit the Sequani tribe their freedom, and refrain from war parties and stop the harassment of the Aedui Tribe. Else Caesar will instigate a war with the king. Since the assigned Governor of the Province, within the Gaul lands, Caesar is authorized to protect the Aedui tribes and all the other friends of Rome.
On July 14th, Caesar receives two messages. One is the above written and verbal threat from King Ariovistus. Caesar does not play into the mind games of a nasty German. The second communication message coming from the whining vocals of the Aedui leader. The German troopers are warring at their German border and 100 German clans camp are crossing the Rhine River.
Political move: Two German tribes are a formidable enemy of Rome.
Military move: He requests new grain supplies from the local Aedui township and starts his military march towards the Gaul settlements held by German King Ariovistus.
After three days of marching, on July 17th leaving from the safety of the Bibracte Oppidum, Caesar arrives at the Vesontio Oppidum, the largest town and the capital city, within the Sequani (French) Tribe. Vesontio Oppidum is a well-fortified structure and rich in food and weapons supplies, a natural geographic stronghold.
Vesontio Oppidum is the present day city of Besancon, which is 25.21 square miles and located within eastern France, close to the Jura Mountain foothills and is bordered by the country of Switzerland. Besancon is located 22 miles east of Paris; 100 miles east of Burgundy, 125 miles west of Switzerland, and 62 miles southwest of Belfort, France. The highest hilltop measures 1,217 feet high with six other hilltop elevators between 400 to 600 feet towards the blue sky.
King Ariovistus and his new troopers are traveling three days behind Caesar. So, Caesar establishes a new Roman campsite outside the stronghold while hearing of incredible German fighting skill, valor, and brutality that panics the Vesontio (French) peoples. 
Political move: Caesar convenes a new council speaking as a gifted orator calming the terrible mental and emotional fears among the French peoples and his Roman soldiers too.
The Romans defeated the Germans. Helvetii defeated the Germans. And then Romans beaten up the Helvetii.
In the early morning hours, on July 19th, he leaves with one legion taking a 50-mile detour through open country without finding any German surprises or ambushes. The Roman scouts discover Ariovistus marching and is located twenty-four miles away from the Vesontio Oppidum. Ariovistus sends a message to meet Caesar. Caesar accepts the invitation.
Military analysis: Governor Caesar is responsible for the security of the new Roman lands and the safety of all the Roman allies. He knows the German foe is one of many smaller independent German tribes. Each German warrior possess a war-like mind and is hunger for rich fertile farmlands. The mindset of each German threatens the foundation of the Roman Republic.
Five days later, on July 24th, Ariovistus sets of his German campsite and sends a new message to Caesar. Caesar comes to the knoll without infantry but bring your horses.
Military move: Caesar replaces the original horse riders with infantry soldiers on top of a herd of provided Gallic horses.
On July 25th, Ariovistus and Caesar meet on an elevation ridge rising in isolation above the surrounding plain of Alsace between the Vosges Mountain range and the Rhine River, which is located southwest of the present day city of Strasburg, within the modern day county of Germany. They talk of peace.
Political move: Caesar keeps a neutral communication with King Ariovistus while neutral extending Roman friendships while analyzing how dangerous the German king is to the Romans. At the same time, during the peace meeting, Caesar is exposing his own brutal methods within the new Gaul lands, on the Gaul peoples.
When the Germany horse riders standing two hundred yards slightly beside and behind the knoll starts to toss numerous stones at the posed Roman horsemen, Caesar stops talking and then orders his men not to retaliate and then ends the peace talks. The two parties depart the pleasant knoll.
Political move: During the peaceful diplomatic meeting, Caesar does not wish to give the enemy an opportunity of accusing him of breaking the peace pledge.
Two days later, on July 27th, the Germany leader requests a new meeting with Caesar. Caesar sends a pair of Roman envoys. 
Political error: Caesar ventures down an avenue of peace with the German King removing his person and then sending out two Gallic speaking Roman emissaries while establishing a favorite repertoire with the German.
However, the pair of Roman envoys are perceived as both spies and become chained and imprisoned by King Ariovistus. Then he marches his army and plants a new German campsite six miles away from Caesar.
Two days later, on July 29th, an anger King Ariovistus marches ahead passing two miles from Caesar’s campsite and then builds his new German campsite cutting off both the communication lines and supply wagons coming from the allied Roman provinces, for the Roman soldiers.
Military move: Ariovistus knows his foe, like his adversary, and then cuts off the food supply line swiftly shifting Caesar’s strong position into a new weaker military stance.
On July 30th, Caesar swiftly reacts and marches building a smaller Roman campsite near the Germany’s military post.
On July 31st, the Germany warriors swiftly attack Caesar and the one legion. Caesar flees his smaller campsite returning back to the original military post.
For five fun-filled but non-deadly days, from the dates of August 1st to August 5th, battle fights involving numerous horse cavalry skirmishes take place. Caesar presents three formations of battle lines on the battlefields in case of a surprise attack from King Ariovistus and his Germans.
On August 6th, Caesar prepares a triple battle line six paces or 1,500 feet or an American half-a-mile behind the German stationed campsite.
The traditional Roman military triple line battle formation starting the first line with four cohorts of 1,440 men. A cohort contains 360 men. The second line is three cohorts of 1,080 men standing 160 feet behind front line. The third line are younger, inexperienced 360 Romans, which are the reserve military strength standing farther back as the enemy physically gasps in shock and mentally gripes a large-scale mass of warring fighters. Ten cohorts comprise a legion of 3,600 trained fighting Roman men.
Within this new battle formation, the first two line of Roman soldiers defend all the workers. The third line of workers build a new Roman supply hub and campsite in order to receive food supplies from the Roman allies coming from the independent Gaul Aedui and Sequani Tribes.
Military might: The ability for all Roman soldiers to build roads, warships, transports, bridges, forts, and siege tower in both speed and accuracy is both practiced and learned before, during, and after a military campaign with all the Roman commanders. After the Romans conquer a land region, they begin road construction assuring fast communication and movement of troops and supplies. Thus, this action ensures any Roman general both speed and accurate to win their battle war.
Ancient World History moment: Throughout the war, 14,000 miles of paved roads were built in Gaul territories, alone, during the Gallic Wars. Today, the same stone roads and stone bridges are still used in modern times. Most of the modern day European paved highways are built on top of an ancient Roman roadway as a Roman roadway is built straight ahead cutting through hilltops rather than constructing around the mounds of dirt and rocks.
On top of the Vesontio dirt fields, King Ariovistus sends out 16,000 soldiers and cavalry to harass the Roman soldiers. Two Roman formation lines fight the German warriors as the third line workers completes the structures. Then Caesar leaves two legions of 2,160 soldiers and all his auxiliary troops of archers, javelin throwers, and horse cavalry riders while returning to collect the other four legions at the main campsite.
On August 7th, the next day, at the new trade hub and Roman campsite, Caesar forms a triple line battle formation and then attacks the opposing German lines at 12:01 pm, seeing dead bodies and then retreats back to his new campsite. Later in the afternoon, the Germans assault the smaller Roman campsite. The two armies conduct more foot and horse skirmishes, until the sunset hour. In the evening, a message is received by Caesar. King Ariovistus does not fight on the battlefield, before the night of a new moon.
Military move: Caesar pays careful and constant attention to all details and is swift to calculate, judge, and move forward keeping a speedy pace in both his decisions and his actions, such like, an assembly of army or staging a surprise attack or fighting before a new moon against the superstitious enemy forces.
Military error: German King Ariovistus does not fight, before the night of a new moon. His band of Druid prophets have told of an impending bloody defeat before the night of the new moon. After the new moon, a bright new day of victory for the German tribes. The German superstition curse educates Caesar and dares the Romans to fight with the pagan barbarian Gaul natives.



Present day, time, and space, inside the rear compartment, on her parked rental limousine, Magritte laughed out loud with an unladylike tone. “Yippee! Those old drug ladies from the ancient and gone Druid clan were right about that one. Caesar won the war against the Germans without consulting my World History textbook or peeking ahead inside this internet document,” she giggled with a smile and continued to silently read the new information.

One hour later, within his Grandfather Smith’s manor home, at 12:23 p.m., Ace shook his bone skull with frustration and exited the living room setting crossing a quiet tunnel hallway, entering the dining room again while searching again and then he exited from the dining room, padding down the second hallway, without success of the targeted treasure. He remembered no other secret door existed inside the sitting room or on the wall of the hallway, only inside the dining room, which was only accessed through the laundry room hidden doorway. Ace continued to circle the same three rooms with a heavy heart and deep thoughts, stopping in the middle of the hallway avenue a solid wooden panel wall of silent but spying rows of ancient Medieval knight-in-armor statues.
Back in time, in the 1834, life was gay for the elite class and work for the workers. The rich elite class held a social party six days per week in the late afternoon hours, until the midnight time period, except on Sunday, the Lord’s day of rest and prayer to Almighty God, his son Jesus Christ, and the Holy Spirit. Amen. Then, the servants cooked meals for the grand church picnic lunch, right after the preaching services for both the hunger elites.
Inside the Smith manor, the central tunnel or enclosed hallway shuffled the annoying guests from the grand foyer, entering into one of the two sitting room. One room, where the kitchen was currently located, had been the ladies sitting room. The proper group of southern belles gathered and chatted about babies and children and the latest clothing fashions from the city of Paris, munching on tiny sandwiches, sipping a glass of wine while waiting on the grand meal. All of the males headed into the second sitting room, talking about crop fields, politics, and financial money investments, sipping on a glass of wine while waiting for the call to supper. Once the dinner bell had been rung, the opposite sexes met inside the grand dining room, sitting in an assigned arrangement by the hostess, consuming the supper meal. After the dessert dish was cleaned by each guest, the supper meal was completed and then the opposite sexes left the dining room, scattering around the end of the hallway.
Most of the males returned back into the men’s sitting room, consuming a small tumbler of whiskey alcohol, lighting up a cigar while continuing to talk about crop fields, politics, and money. The females would mosey through the dining room archway and gathered inside the second hallway for their social hour of hot and heated gossip mostly other naughty southern belles.

****


At 12:27 p.m., the limousine slowly rolled ahead heading down Springhill Avenue.
After waiting and wasting twenty-one minutes on a stupid funeral procession with a stupider dead body, she heard the loud clamp of thunder clouds looking up from the screen on her illuminated telephone, viewing each window. An afternoon summer shower was forming, a really nasty one, today. The winds were blowing. The sky was indigo blue hue and the rain sheets were heavily pouring down over each man-made object and Mother Nature. The other traveling vehicles started to pull alongside the street curb waiting for the ending of the summer rainstorm also or slowly driving through the temporary thunderstorm.
This is the southern tip of the United States of America, where the sandy beaches have lots of heated sunshine but need lots of rain water for the surviving plants and animals also.
The limousine driver slowly pulled his vehicle to the same street curb down the active city street while worrying about both his transport and his job. The limousine was a rental automobile, not an asset belonging to Magritte Smith. Her wedded husband Samuel Attila Smith, Junior allowed his wife Magritte to rent the expensive transport on a weekly basis while traveling in high society style around the city streets of Mobile. Thus, the chauffeur driver made the executive decisions about the condition of the roadways and the nasty weather patterns.
Magritte frowned with annoyance at the rented driver and after her hair salon appointment, which she was missing, whispering for her eardrums only, “Geez Louie! I’ve wasting hours of my precious time in a traffic jam two miles from the hospital campus. First, a car accident. Second, the birth of a baby. Third, a funeral parade. Now, this new development, a summer thunderstorm.”
“Do you want me to return and take you back to your house?” The rude driver spoke into the hidden intercom system.
She gasped in shock. The driver overheard her private words. She stared through the glass window at the heavy raindrops pondering an executive decision. If she returned home, then she would not have a set of new fingernails for the reading of the Last Will and Testimony tomorrow morning. If she arrived late for her original appointment, then she could wait as the last customer for the day, until she was beauty again. She laughed with an answer. “To the hair salon!”
“Yes ma’am!” he spoke and then shut off the intercom button.
She shook her dirty curls and exhaled with frustration looking down, silently reading the new section of new data.

On the same ratty dirt battlefield, miles away from the Vesontio Oppidum, the next morning, on August 8th, in the year 58 B.C., before the night of a new moon, Caesar returns with five legions comprised of both Roman soldiers and devoted Gaul allied fighters advancing ahead towards the Germany campsite. The Roman tally is 35,000 soldiers possessing Roman knowledge of military organization, leadership, discipline, and training and against 120,000 Gaul fighters featuring both brutal strength and brave courage.
German King Ariovistus, based on a war tradition, surrounds the rear of the campsite with rows of carts and wagons filled with both food supplies and the women and children of the fighting men. The females and children cheer on their men.
The German solders quickly display and then form seven tribal formations. The Battle of Vosges quickly ensues. Rushing so close and quickly at each other, the javelin weapons are not thrown at the Germans, the sword fighting begins.
Military move: The German warriors form the ancient phalanx formation for the Roman.
Military error: The phalanx formation hails from the ancient Macedonian plan closely packed troop pattern as strong is the depth.
Each soldier holds a long pike or spear, so the enemy forces first penetrate a forest of spear heads. Each soldier uses a body shield, so the shields form an overlapping continuous front-line armament.
Military might: The tribal concept of valiant fighting is both a strong and brave concept facing a head-on battle formation. However, the Roman commanders regard such action as a cowardly device, unworthy of real warriors.
On the battlefield, each brave and seasoned Roman soldier rushes into the formation and then grabs the body shield stab his sword into the blinded and helpless German. The German’s left wing of warriors starts to collapse; the right wing is strong with plenty of manpower.
Publius Licinius Crassus, the Roman Legion Cavalry Commander views the trouble with the Roman right wing.
Ancient World History moment: Marcus Licinius Crassus was born in the year 115 B.C. He served as a military general under the first Roman Dictator Sulla and then as a Roman Consul, who aided in the transformation of the Roman Republic into the Roman Empire. He was the richest man in Rome. He conceived two sons, first born Marcus Licinius Crassus, who was born in the year 86 B.C., and second son, Publius Licinius Crassus, who was born in the year 82 B.C.
Roman Commander, 24 years old, Publius Crassus sends in his mounted Roman horse cavalry charging into the fray of intense fighting and then scatters all the German formations. His plan works. The German warriors and their family members quickly flee the battlefield running fifteen miles back towards the Rhine River crossing the waters along with German King Ariovistus as the rest of the native and warriors are killed. The escaping Germans warm their fellow natives of the new Roman victory and then the rest of the German natives return back to their homelands and to engage Caesar, Rome or the Roman army again.
The Rhineland (Belgium) tribes chase after the fleeing Germans and then kills numerous foreigners. 120,000 Germany warriors die on the bloody battlefield. Imperator Caesar is victorious for a second time returning back to Transalpine Gaul (French Rivera) resuming his role of governorship dealing with all the local non-military matters presiding over the provincial courts and administering justice.
Death toll: Germany rebel army is 120,000. Roman army is 100.
This is conclusion of the Book I from the Gallic Wars writings by Julius Caesar.

This is the beginning adventures of Book II from the Gallic Wars writing from Julius Caesar.
The next year, in 57 B.C., the successful military battles from Imperator Caesar have worried, upset and unsettled the rest of the free Gaul tribes. Each Gaul tribe recruits and prepares an army of soldiers with a common mindset that Imperator Caesar will either seek to conquer all the other free Gaul lands or offer an alliance within the Roman Republic, in which, neither option is not desirable.
Political move: The exchange of hostages ensured the political ties of two or more tribes. During the fight, the two or more allied tribes will keep a peaceful relationship and then fight together against the common foe. In this story line, the common foe is the Roman Republic.
With his personal popularity soaring with the Roman populous and his Roman money supply line increasing, and the new information of Belgium hostage exchange, Caesar receives 40,000 Romans consisting of 36,500 infantry, 4,000 cavalry, 360 archers, and 360 javelin throwers for his next military feat marching into the Belgae (Belgium) lands, quelling a new rebellion within the Gaul lands with the pagan and primitive Gaul natives.
On June 1st, Caesar sends out two Roman legions of 7,200 soldiers paying a set of spies from the Agedincum Oppidum within the Senones land, which is the location of modern day city of Sens, France. Agedincum is the oldest oppidum within the Gaul lands and is located in upper region of modern day France and southern lands of Belgium.
On June 30th, when the crop fields are ripened popping with free foodstuff, he leaves the Transalpine Gaul with the rest of the Roman troops marching for two weeks. On July 15th, he reaches the borders of Belgae (Belgium) villages and camps within the Remi lands, at the capital stronghold of Bibrax Oppidum.
The Bibrax Oppidum is the present day city of Saint-Thomas in northern France near the Belgium border.
At the Axona (Aisne) River banks, the flat valley is rich fertile farmlands containing large agricultural farms owned by wealthy aristocrats and the territory is bordered by small hamlets (houses) living quarters for the numerous crop slaves. Thus, the elite members from the Remi tribes are very wealthy natives from their agricultural trade with Northern Gaul tribes and the Mediterranean natives. They were the first civilization to mint their own gold coins from the numerous gold mines within the valley fields also.
They enjoy importing bottles of Roman wine also and are truly devoted supporting the Rome, Caesar, and the Roman Republic without creating or causing trouble.
The leader of the Remi tribe is Iccius and their natives elect to ally with Rome and do not participate in the Roman war battles. Iccius reports the bad news to Caesar.  
The Gaul army is led by King Galba of the Suessiones (French) tribe and comprises 40,000 Eburones, 60,000 Bellovaci, 50,000 Suessiones, 50,000 Nervii, 15,000 Atrebates, 10,000 Ambiani, 25,000 Morini, 9,000 Menapii, 10,000 Caletii, 10,000 Velocasses, 10,000 Viromandui, and 19,000 Aduatuci rebels.
The Viromandui tribe is located within the Vermandois lands which is the modern day Picardy region. The lands are surrounded by dense forests located on the upper Somme and Oise Rivers.
The Nervii settlement contains war-like people, from the Belgium tribes living within the modern day central country of Belgium.
Political move: Caesar orders the children of the Remi tribal leader sent as a set of political hostages, for a desired Remi alliance promise to the Roman campsite. Then he orders all the Aedui (present day Lyon) natives to destroy their own farmlands keeping away from the Belgium invaders.
Military move: Caesar leaves the oppidum, marches south, and then crosses the Axona (Aisne) River stopping behind the river bed leaving six cohorts or 2,160 younger inexperienced Roman soldiers on the opposite side of the river waters. He builds a new Roman campsite with a rampart wall going up 12 foot high and a deep trench ditch of 18-feet wide.
The Belgium rebels of 288,000 under King Galba approaches the Bibrax Oppidum and then halts camping two miles from the Roman base, which lies across the Axona (Aisne) River waters. The Belgium rebels start to attack the oppidum. The band of Gaul rebels start to pound loose stones into the stone walls. With a body shield over a hairy skull protection from the wall of stones, each Belgium fighter continues to pound on the wooden gates trying to breakthrough. The siege has failed. The Bibrax Oppidum still stands tall while holding the people safety inside.
Caesar sends rows of Roman archers marching eight miles to the Bibrax Oppidum to scare off the Belgium fighters. The Belgium retreat from the oppidum and then start to burn all the outside buildings, the farm homes and the farmlands driving ahead south to the occupied Roman campsite. The Roman campsite is eight miles wide in length displaying an 18-feet deep trench of dirt and stands in front of a tall 12 foot high wooden rampant.
Military move: Caesar sends out the Roman cavalry onto the battleground field observing the enemy’s skills, poor soldiers. Next, he selects a spot for a picked or pitched battle locating a tall hilltop with gently downward slope, where the Belgium fighters must approach in one direction climbing the front portion of the natural hilltop. 
On each side of the targeted hilltop, he orders a long protective trench dug at a right angle heading towards the hill summit. At the end of the long trench, he builds a small fort for both the artillery pieces and artillery men. With this new battlefield arrangement, if the Romans are outnumbered Romans, then they cannot become surrounded or approached by all the enemy, all at one time, only from the front homemade armed entrance. He keeps the new legions guarding the Roman campsite and moves the other six cohorts into the battlefield formation.
There is small pit of marshy waters between the hilltop and the Belgium campsite. Belgium fighters wait and then send in their horsemen. A small cavalry battle erupts. Caesar moves back into his Roman campsite waiting the action.
When 288,000 Belgium rebels try cross the river waters advancing ahead at the rear flank of the Roman encampment site that faces the waters, the Battle of Axona engages. The plan to destroy the wooden bridge and then burn all the crops fields where the Romans get foodstuffs. Military move: Caesar orders his horsemen and archers to cross the bridge wooden flinging a volley arrows at the rushing Belgium fighters, killing numerous men. The fleeing fighters are then surrounded and killed by the deadly weapons from each horseman.
Death toll: Belgium rebel army is 10,000; Roman army is 1,000.
The surviving Belgium fighters quickly retreat and then find safety on top of a new grassy hilltop realizing their food rations are almost gone. So, King Galba decides to give up, disband, and flee waiting for a new moment of fight with the Romans while slowly returning back their home villages. Caesar does not pursue but waits through the night for an enemy ambush.
On June 23rd, the next morning, his scouts tell that the Belgium rebels have left the battlefield for their individual villages. Caesar sends the Roman cavalry to harass their rear ends. The fighters flee faster back to their homes.
Political move: Caesar is not defending the Roman Province from wild savages anymore; he has made an executive decision from the Roman Senate to expand the outside land borders of the Roman Republic.
On June 24th, Caesar marches due south from the Axona (Anise) River into the Gaul (French) lands holding the Suessiones tribe. The Suessiones lands are located below the modern day location of Paris, France. The Paris natives come from the Suessiones lands. The Suessiones tribal landscape borders forestlands inside the Osie River valley towards the west and numerous wooded hills along the Marne River near the modern city of Epernay towards the southwest. The small village of Meldi is located northwest; the Remi tribal lands are due north.
On June 25th, in one day, Caesar swiftly marches towards the Noviodunum Oppidum within the lands that lies on the left bank of the Marne River. The Noviodunum Oppidum is the location of present day Pommiers, France, which are fields of grape vines in modern times.
He starts to attack the nicely fortified stronghold with a high wall and a board ditch while failing in his task. The deep trenches and the tall stone walls are too strong for his fighting soldiers. He retreats from the oppidum 5,000 feet and then quickly builds a Roman siege tower within two day. 
On June 27th, the curious Suessiones natives view the massive Roman war machine and then immediately surrender, because the leaders of the Suessiones tribe are loyal to Rome. Hostages of 300 prominent men and two sons from King Galba are given to Imperator Caesar as slaves.
Caesar marches due northwest into the Bellovaci tribal lands moving to the Bratuspantium Oppidum.
The Bratuspantium Oppidum is located in present day Beauvais, France. The oppidum sits on top of a wooden hill protected by sloped ridges, a natural fortification. The general of the Bellovaci (Belgium) rebels is an older man named Correus.
Correus hides his Bellovaci rebels in the woodlands, instead of facing the Roman soldiers and also employs guerilla warfare tactics setting numerous enterprising foot-and-body traps, when the Roman men leave the campsite forging for food within the thick forest. General Correus and his army has camped on top of Mount Saint Marc, a high wooden hill surrounded by a wet marsh.
Caesar selects a second wooden hilltop of Mount Saint Pierre for his Roman campsite.
The mind games from the crazy brain cells of General Correus lasts for three long days and nights. Caesar tires of the antics employing 30,000 Roman soldiers and quickly builds a bridge over the marshy waters directing towards the Bellovaci campsite by June 30th.
On July 1st, after the bridge is completed, he and his soldiers pose and then prepare to launch a volley of deadly and noisy Roman missiles at General Correus, his men and his campsite.
Correus and his men manage to escape down the rear side of his hilltop encampment racing ahead ten miles away from Caesar and then halts preparing the next attacks. He places 6,000 men within the eves of the dark forest. Caesar somehow and somewhere mysterious learns of the planned Bellovaci ambush marching ahead to the spot and then attacks first. During the intense bloody battle, General Correus is killed along with other Bellovaci fighters. The battle fight ends.
Thus, the Bellovaci natives surrender at the Siege of Mount Saint Marc.
Caesar has brought along both the Aedui Chief Dumnorix, who acts as both a guide and King Diviciascus as a diplomat. Dumnorix suggests a pardon and a peace treaty by Caesar with the Bellovaci natives. And Caesar asks for the local assistance of Diviciascus, a king from the rich and powerful Suessiones tribes.
Political move: The local king will influence for a peace treaty with each independent Gaul village of leaders and natives, in turn, a peaceful Gaul village allows Caesar to focus and then fight one naïve or scared Gaul village one at a time without losing his mind, his men, and his mission of Roman prestige and power.
Secondly, King Diviciascus has placed his trust in both the Gaul natives and Imperator Caesar offering the just course of action and he has both indebted his person and display his personal undying loyalty to the Roman Republic.
In front of the Bratuspantium Oppidum, King Diviciascus acts like the local diplomat offering surrender of the Bellovaci natives to Caesar and then he suggests that Caesar pardons the Bellovaci natives. The Bellovaci chiefs had incited the call for war, not the innocent natives. So, Caesar accepts the suggestion taking 300 Bellovaci men as hostages and all their war weapons. The rest of the Bellovaci leaders from the Gaul rebellion flee the Gaul lands and sail a ship to Britain Isles.
Caesar and his troops turn due north and march to the Ambiani (Belgium) tribal lands towards the Samarobriva Oppidum. On July 5th, the natives quickly surrender and agree to the terms.
Thus, the Ambiani leaders, natives, and warriors do not resist Imperator Caesar.
Then Caesar marches in a northwest direction for three days. On July 8th, Caesar enters into the Atrebates (Belgium) northeastern tribal lands. The Atrebates Gaul rebels have paired their battle fight with the brave and bold Viromandui and Nervii Gaul rebels.
The Nervii Gaul tribe members avoid all luxury items. No drinking of the Roman wine, in order, to maintain both their fighting courage and bodily power.
Spies from the other Gaul (Belgium and French) tribes have secretly informed Imperator Caesar that the three tribes consisting of the Nervii rebels, the Atrebates rebels, who are led by King Commius, and the Viromandui rebels have formed a loose army. All 75,000 Gaul rebels are hiding ten miles away within the forestlands along the Selle River.
The Battle of Sambre, based on the modern day research, by the modern day archeologists, have correctly identified that the Gaul rebels and Roman soldiers had fought at the Selle River, not the Sambre River. The Selle River lies in the present day city of Saulzoir within the northern part of France.


Present day, time, and space, inside the cool-air conditioned rear compartment, on the parked limousine, Magritte gasped in shock then exclaimed. “O! That’s some new intriguing news coming from the modern day archeologists. I guess an underpaid and highly educated archeologist does use their brain cells and is a valuable con-trip-but-turd to the American society.” She giggled with silliness.

On the Selle River, the Nervii natives are woodland experts at building a hiding spot within the forests made of both thorn and plant bushes concealing the numbers of their fighting warriors.
In the meantime, Gaul (Belgium and French) friendlies from the defeated Gaul tribes have secretly informed Commius, the leader of the Atrebates tribes, telling a Roman scout party is coming ahead first to survey the river banks for a campsite. So, the Atrebates fighters can attack them first and then grab all the supply wagons from Caesar.
Commius agrees.
The Roman campsite has been selected by the scout team. The targeted campsite is a high hilltop overlooking the river banks and lined with thick woods.
Military move: Caesar also sends out his distance tossing archers ahead of the marching Romans while picking off an individual rebel, allowing the enemy forces to move very sluggish and lazy on top of the shared battlefield. He also will study the hours of the day and the passage of time dictating his next battle fight maneuvers before and during an active battle engagement.
Caesar starts his march with 75,000 infantry, cavalry, and archers one mile before the Selle River on top of the flat ground heading towards the targeted hilltop, before working out a war plan.
Military error: Caesar does not provide an infantry screen of protection for his Roman soldiers.
He sends in the Roman cavalry first then the marching six legions, the long line of supply wagons and two legions in the rear parade for protection.
The Roman horsemen cross the river waters beside the Roman archers meeting the Atrebates horsemen. The hidden Belgium fighters rush from the woodlands and then fight with the Roman horsemen and then quickly leave the battle grounds returning back into the woods.
Military error: Caesar is silently stunned with the surprising guerilla technique from the Nervii warring parties but continues the Roman march towards the targeted hilltop. The Nervii fighters next attack the supply wagons grabbing items and then rush back into the woodlands. The Nervii fighters continue their guerilla warfare nipping at the side rib cages and then the heels on the Roman soldiers.
Military move: The parade of horses, archers, soldiers and supply karts with artillery and food stuffs march in row of deuce of twos or a trio of threes creating a very long column of resources taking a wide walking pathway on top of the dirt roadway. He always places the seasoned soldiers in the front lines while the younger ones guard the rear end.
The Romans quickly ascend the targeted hilltop.
Caesar is both stunned in thought and paralyzed in actions without using his usual orderly fashion of warfare with a new foe. The usual Roman military practiced, and trained maneuvers are useless against Mother Nature and her natural woodland setting. In front of the river bed, thick plant fences stand blocking the view of the river waters and the woodlands.
Caesar spreads the legions out in front of the natural fences. Two legions stand on the left frontal view of the river; two legion stands on the right front view and two legions pose in the middle facing the river and then greeting the Gaul warriors.
Then 50,000 armed and anger Nervii warriors appear and face the left-side Roman formation. The 10,000 armed and anger Viromandui fighters appear and occupy the middle section facing the Romans. Leader Commius and his 15,000 Atrebates warriors face the right-side of advancing Romans.
The Romans on the right side facing the river swiftly dash ahead and drive Commius and his 15,000 Atrebates warriors into the river waters while inflecting heavy casualties, rushing ahead with their fellow fighting Roman soldiers into the opposite river bank, when the Atrebates rebels spin around and attack the Romans.
In the middle of the grounds, the Romans rush ahead and push the Viromandui warriors backwards into the river waters.
Boduognatus, the commander of the Nervii soldiers fights forward trying to reach higher ground cutting off the Roman lines from the rest of their mates, which occurs on the left-side of the battlefield.
The locally recruited Trevani horsemen, within the Roman cavalry units, become scared running in the opposite direction from the battle fight along with some of the non-Roman local recruits from the local Gaul villages. The Nervii fighters continue to fight forward and reach the campsite, when the supply wagons and the last two Roman legions appear.
The right-side Roman fighting against Commius and the Atrebates warriors stand packed like a…


“… can of Italian sardines.” Magritte remarked then laughed with an unladylike roar and then smiled on the rear bench inside her parked limousine. “Excuse the pun, Caesar, sir!” She chuckled as the thunder clouds clapped with her echo. She exhaled with annoyance first and then continued to silently read the intriguing Roman military campaign.

Military error: The Roman cannot wield their sword, barely fight, and then die by the hand from the enemy.
Military move:  The war fight for the Romans appears so bad that Caesar grabs a shield and a sword leading the battle fight and shouts for the soldiers to spread out and fight. Then he orders the soldiers to fight back to back against the Gaul fighters.
Roman Legion Cavalry Commander Titus Labienus appears with two Roman legions of 7,200 men ordering all the soldiers into the weakened position of the war fight significantly changing the deflated Roman situation from a defensive stance to an offensive one and wins the battle fight for Imperator Caesar.


Present day, place, space, and time, Magritte frowned, “Geez, Louie! Titus Labienus is the man of the hour on the Roman battlefield. Who is Titus Labienus?” She typed on the computer. “O! How intriguing! Titus Labienus was born in the year 100 B.C., the same year as Caesar, but he’s not equal but underneath the leadership of Caesar. Well, there must be an interesting story there for later, after I finish reading through the other writings of Caesar. However, Julius Caesar is the luckiest bastard alive during his ancient war days! He must be part English blood like asshole Ace.” She gasped in shock. “Actually, the Romans invaded the country of England in the year 55 B.C. Thus, no English noble man but asshole American Ace possesses lots of the Roman anger and part of the vicious Roman blood, like an Imperator Caesar. I must really watch my actions and my words and my body language around a moaning and mourning Ace, at least for a couple of days and nights, before I retire from my Mobilian social life and enjoy the hot, sandy beaches in Florida. Miami, here, I go come!” She laughed with an unladylike tone and then continued to read in silence.

The Roman cavalry and the fleeing Roman soldiers return to the fighting fray. The Nervii warriors do not stop fighting and continue to display great courage and bold bravery fighting on the bodies of their fallen and dead neighbors, friends and family members, without surrendering to Caesar. The battlefield is littered with thousands and thousands of dead blue-tinted maimed and marred bodies from the 50,000 Nervii army.
When the last of the brave Nervii warriors is dead, the battle war has destroyed the enemy. The remaining natives of the Nervii tribe only include older men, young and mature women, and the children come out from the marshes asking for surrender terms. From the 600 senators, three individuals stand beside their peoples and from the 6,000 armed warriors, only 500 wounded natives are left.
Military move: A warring nomad tribe fighting for new lands, we travel with their women and children during the battle fight and then occupy the site. A Roman army is paid to protect and then extend the outer land boundaries of the Roman Republic, a fighting force of one body.
Political move: Some of the current Gaul tribes are desirous to occupy the other fertile, rich tribal farmlands creating a war, causing chaos, like the Helvetii (Swiss Zurich) natives. Thus, the Roman Republic leaders and an ambitious Imperator Julius Caesar is using their mindset and their manpower for his advantage of power and prestige of Rome.
At the Selle River banks, Caesar is very nice fellow, today, admiring the band of courageously brave dead soldiers dying from the native tribe and letting all the surviving Nervii natives keep their lands and towns. He does not chase after the Atrebates or the Virondunum warriors either.
Death toll: Gaul rebel army is 59,500: Roman army is 10,000.
Ancient World History moment: The 40,000 warriors coming from the Eburones army does not appear or fight with either the Romans or the Gaul soldiers.
Caesar and his battle weary soldiers march northwest into the Adautuci (Belgium) tribal lands which is located in eastern portion of Belgium.
The Aduatuic soldiers were expected to arrive and then fight with the band of Nervii, Atrebates, and Virondunum soldiers at the Battle of Sambre, but they heard of the terrible news high tailing it back home.
When Caesar arrives within the Aduatuca lands and stands in front of the Aduaticorum Oppidum, which is the present day city of Tongeren, within the present day country of Belgium. The stronghold stands on top of a rocky flat hill with three sides of steep rocky slopes. The front ramp sloped upwards and is 200 feet wide and surrounded by a high wall that holds sharp spikes and heavy stones.
He encounters the Adautuci rebels. They battle the Romans through a series of small fights and then retreat back into their protective oppidum.
Military error: The war strategy for a Gaul military leader rushes into a final conclusion without a battle plan dashing ahead into the fighting fray, halts when the battle fight fails, and then changes their mind running away from both the active battlefield and the warfare. As opposed to a seasoned and experienced Imperator Caesar and all his trained and experienced Roman Legion Commanders are trained to possess a clear head using a clear reason within each active battle fight assessing the resources, redirecting the resources to win the day.
On top of the dirt in front of the Aduaticorum Oppidum, Caesar decides to build a Roman siege tower to attacks the oppidum. The rampant occupies 15,000 feet of dirt within a completed circle with numerous forts filled with Roman artillery and a single batting ram tower. The natives from the oppidum first spy and then laugh at Caesar, until the war machine slowly moves ahead towards their stronghold. The Aduatuic leaders immediately surrender but want to keep their weapons as protection from their German neighbors. Caesar does not agree and takes all their war weapons.
The Aduatuci leaders and their natives both rejoice with peace and parties joining the Roman Republic during the afternoon hour.
At night, Caesar leaves with his troops from the stronghold parties camping two miles from the Oppidum. However, all of the Aduatuci war weapons have not been confiscated by Imperator Caesar. The Aduatuic leaders and their warriors plan a great ambush on the Roman campsite sneaking out from their stronghold.
Military move: At the age of 43 years old, Governor and Imperator Caesar is an experienced and seasoned battlefield strategist and tactician. He has planned his own military surprise for the wealthy and arrogant band of Aduatuci leaders and their warriors.
Before the Aduatuci rebels attack, he shoots off a round of lighted and fiery flames exposing the stunned faces of the enemy. The Romans attack and then kill 4,000 Aduatuci natives.
On July 16th, the Romans use their newly constructed batting ram and then break down the closed gates on the Aduaticorum Oppidum. All the land, farm, and house assets plus 53,000 natives are sold into slavery by Caesar.
Ancient World History moment: Selling people and property into slavery, the seller receives all the monies. Thus, Caesar has been selling both people and property, after he defeats the wandering Germanic tribes consisting of men, women, and children. Caesar is only acting like the perfect Roman citizen while making tons of Roman denarius coins, here and there, that’s the Roman way.
The next day, on August 1st, Caesar travels due north five days reaching the Rhine River visiting the leader of the Germanic (German) tribes including the Ubii, the Sugambri, and the Usipetes. The German leaders agree not to war with Caesar and offers German hostages for a continued peaceful Roman Republic relationship.
During the same time period, in the year 57 B.C., Publius Licinius Crassus, the Roman Legion Cavalry Commander commands and his one legion of 3,600 infantry soldiers and 4,000 cavalry horsemen has not been following Caesar and the other Roman legions into the Belgium lands. He is sent from the office of Governor Caesar, on July 15th into the southern Atlantic Ocean coastline and the English Channel coastline of present day country of France, within the present day region of Brittany. Publius has successfully quelled any and all Gaul rebellion attempts among the Veneti (French) tribes including the Yeneti, Venellii, Osismii, Curiosolites, Eburorices, Aulercii, Redones and Lexorii.
Finally, all the Gaul natives, villages, and lands are at peace; the Roman Republic is happy.
Military prize: One calendar year later, after the defeat of both the Helvetii armies and the Germanic tribal armies, in the year 58 B.C., Governor and Imperator Commander-in-Chief Caesar has claimed and collected the southern Atlantic Ocean coastline from the Veneti tribes soaring upwards to the North Sea lands for the Roman Republic.
Imperator Caesar returns back to his home city of Athens and is celebrated as a Roman war hero enjoying fifteen holidays with a two-day grand parade of prisoners and numerous daily and nightly social parties coming from the happy Roman populous. Then he returns back to his Roman assigned role as the governor of Transalpine Gaul on the French Rivera during the non-active military campaign winter season of January to February months. His assigned and awarded Roman legions are nicely resting both housed and fed by the numerous defeated and deflated Belgae (Belgium) natives, within the newly acquired Roman northern Belgium lands.
Death toll: Gaul rebel army is 14,000; Roman army is 5,000.
This is the conclusion of Book II within the letters from the Gallic Wars.

This is the beginning stories from Book III of the Gallic Wars as written by Imperator Julius Caesar.
On August 9th, in the year 57 B.C., before leaving Rome, he must attend the proconsul business affairs with other two Proconsuls Marcus Crassus and Pompey. Caesar orders Roman Legion Infantry Commander Servius Sulpicius Galba and one legion of 3,600 men and 500 cavalry units to march ahead towards the Alpine Mountain range and then find and then cut out a new trade pass, exclusively for the Roman traders beside the existing road called the Great Saint Bernard’s Pass.
The Great Saint Bernard’s Pass is a third largest road pass within the modern day country of Switzerland reaching 8,100 feet above sea level. The Pass is a single ancient traveling mountain road through the Western Alpine Mountain range which today still exhibits a few tiny traces from the original man-made, Roman-built stone road. The Pass runs northeast to southwest through the Roman-named Pennine Mountain range or the present day Valais Alpine Mountain range. The road pass flows into two different foreign countries, Italy and Switzerland. The lowest air temperature is 16 degrees Fahrenheit at night with snow bank height of 33 feet deep.
Ancient World History moment: In the year 390 B.C., the Great Saint Bernard’s Pass was used by the Celtic tribe of Boii natives and the Celtic tribe of Lingones natives traveling into the modern day country of Italy routing towards a land invasion of Athens, Rome. They made it without difficulty and then both Roman citizens and warriors lost that local war fight too.
Currently, in the late autumn season, in the year 57 B.C., within the Gaul lands, the valley floor is owned by two different Gaul tribes. The Veragri lands and natives reside on the Switzerland side; the Salassi lands and natives occupy the Italy side.
The land distance from the Aduatuic Oppidum or present day city of Tongeren, within the modern day country of Belgium, to the present day city of Martigny, within the modern country of Switzerland, is 480.80 land miles. A Roman legion travels ten miles-per-day to the next military campaign or assignment. Thus, Legion Commander Galba and one legion travels 52 days and finally reaches the floor valley of Martigny on October 1st.
Political move: The Great Saint Bernard Pass was owned and operated by the two Gaul tribes, the Seduni and the Veragri. The Roman import and export traders were paying expensive traveling toll taxes paid exclusively to the Gaul and Swiss natives, so the Romans greatly desired their own lucrative trade route, exclusively for Rome and Roman taxes.
The Vallenses (French) tribes consists of Veragri, Seduni, Uberi, and Nantuates. The Gaul (French) natives lived between Gaul lands of the Lake Geneva and the Pennine Mountains.
The natives from the Nantuates tribe lived in the upper Rhone Valley between Lake Geneva and the Rhone Glacier. Nantuates villages are located northeast from the Allobroges lands; north of the Veragri lands, southwest of the Seduni lands and south of the Helvetii Swiss Zurich lands. Nantuates is the location of the present day city of Massongex.
Arriving in the Veragri (French) tribal lands at the Octodurus Oppidum, Servius Galba takes the stronghold housing half of his legion of 1,800 and all the 500 horses in half of the town. He orders the natives to shuffle and move into the other half of the town. Then he marches with 1,800 men from the Veragri lands into the country of Switzerland arriving October 1st, in a valley named present day Martigny, within the present day town of Valais.
Martigny occupies 12.59 square miles and stands 1,545 feet high from sea level and it is the junction point of three modern day roads joining the three countries of Italy, France and Switzerland. The valley floor comprises the left foothills of the Rhone Valley; the right foothills of the Swiss Alps Mountain and at the southwest geographical point, where the Rhone River turn 90 degrees to the north and heads into Lake Geneva. The second river named La Drance flows south coming from the Valais Alpine Mountains through the town of Martigny and joins the Rhone River on the left side creating a lovely rectangular direction of water.
The town is 22 miles south by southwest from the present day city of Montreux.
On the Julian calendar month of August, named after Julius Caesar, the Great Saint Bernard’s Pass records 52 degree Fahrenheit during the 198 daytime hours, before dropping down to 41 degrees Fahrenheit at night. The average snowfall is 136 inches at a high 76 percent humidity factor.
In the month of September, the Pass measures 45 degrees Fahrenheit during the 160 daytime hours, before dropping down to 35 degrees Fahrenheit at night. The average snowfall is 143 inches at a higher 78 percent humidity factor.
In the month of October, the Pass measures 38 degrees Fahrenheit during the 125 daytime hours, before dropping down to 29 degrees Fahrenheit at night. The average snowfall is 202 inches at a high 76 percent humidity factor.
In the month of November, the Pass measures 29 degrees Fahrenheit during the 67 daytime hours, before dropping down to 20 degrees Fahrenheit at night. The average snowfall is 248 inches at a high 72 percent humidity factor.
In the month of December, the Pass measures 25 degrees Fahrenheit during the 25 daytime hours, before dropping down to 16 degrees Fahrenheit at night. The average snowfall is 246 inches at a high 68 percent humidity factor.
In the year 57 B.C., in 38 degrees Fahrenheit temperatures, with only 125 sunshine daytime hours, and 12 days of snowfall, Legion Commander Galba and his men begin constructing a protection trench and a canal for the new Roman trade route, before the air temperature drops down to 29 degrees Fahrenheit during nighttime hours. The average snowfall is 202 inches at a high 76 percent humidity factor.
Two weeks late, on October 15th, the Romans build a hamlet shell and continues the work the internal wall inside the protective building from the terrible snowy and cold weather patterns.
The hamlet lies on top of a high mountain peak divided by a flowing river. Gaul natives reside on one side of the hamlet; the Romans work and also guard the opposite side.
The Gaul natives think: What the gaul or gall or hall or hell!
The Veragri Gaul natives are fearful, rightly so, with another Roman land-grab maneuver at both the beautiful mountainous territories and the profitable trade route by the greedy Roman leaders.
Military move: When the Gaul natives analyze the current situation, they see a snowy cold environment setting, limited Roman food and weapons supplies and an incomplete and unprotected Roman hamlet building.
Then they immediately charge the unfinished Roman hamlet and battle for six hours as the Romans lose their body energy, weapons, and their psychological edge starting the Battle of Octodurus.
Military move: The Romans implement a new battle plan: pause the fight, gather more weapons, refresh the body and then start a new battle fight with the attacking Gaul warriors.
The Gaul warriors are taken by surprise, when a refreshed and invigorated team of anger Romans swiftly attack killing one-third or 10,000 men from 30,000 Gaul fighters. The 20,000 Gaul natives quickly retreat back down and enter to their individual villages. 
Roman Legion Commander Galba and his Romans destroy the newly crafted Roman hamlet and then returns to collect the rest of his army burning down the Octodurus Oppidum and then marches to the land of the Allobroges. He occupies the grounds resting, eating and lounging through the rest of the winter season until the next military campaign from Caesar.
In the same calendar time period, on the warmer Veneti (Brittany French) coastline, all the housed and hungry Roman soldiers complain bitterly to Publius Licinius Crassus, the Roman Legion Cavalry Knight.
Publius sends out Roman envoys to collect more grain products from the Veneti (French) natives, a seafaring tribe located in the northwest region of modern day country of France, in the modern day city of Brittany. The Roman envoy visits one of the following seashore villages of the Esubii, Curiosolites, and Veneti natives.
The region of Brittany is a peninsula in the western portion of modern day country of France. During the Roman occupation, the region was called Armorica and it was also referenced as Lesser or Little Britain. The landscape is bordered by the English Channel to the north, Normandy to the northeast, Pays de la Lorie to the southeast, the Bay of Biscay to the south, and the Atlantic Ocean to the west. The land mass is 13,136 square miles.
Brittany features 1,780 miles of shoreline which is one-third of the French coastline. The coastline is indented with numerous tall cliffs and low capes. The Gulf of Morbihan is a natural harbor with 40 individual islands creating an enclosed sea bed as 800 tiny individual islands lie off the Brittany mainland.
The Armorican Massif is an old mountain range extending down to the regions of Normandy and Pays de la Lorie creating a hilly landscape. The highest hilltop within the Armorican Massif soars upwards toward 1,263 feet above sea level.
The coastal areas feature the seas; the inlands possess large forests.
The peninsula appeared during the Cadomian Orogeny forming the northern coastline. The southern coastline emerged during the Hercynian Orogeny. At the same time, during the rock formation in the north and south shorelines, volcanic activity left large granite minerals. When the regions submerged down into the waters several times, coming up and then spitting out animal fossils, and sandstone sedimentary rocks. The lack of limestone rock makes the soil acidic.
The Armorican Massif shifted up and down several times during the mountain formation of the Pyrenees and Alps in Switzerland. Changes in sea levels, warm climate temperatures eroded the sandstone boulders.
During the Quaternary glaciation, the landscape of Brittany was covered in river waters filling the flat valleys with rich fertile minerals. The valley floor formed from the two shifting tectonic plates between the African and Eurasian countries creating the Brittany landscape, 1,000,000 years ago.
The region of Brittany lies in the north temperate zone and changes due to maritime climate temperatures and conditions. Rainfall is regular leaving a sunny, cloudless day. In the summer months, the air temperature reaches 86 degrees Fahrenheit. The wintertime is 75 degrees Fahrenheit. The seasons are mild on the coastline and cooler inland. The mountain peaks experiment more rainfall than the rest of the region. The south coast of Brittany enjoys 2,000 hours of sunshine annually.
In the ocean waters, an array of marine animals includes sharks, seals, turtles, dolphins, porpoises, jellyfish, crab and lobsters. Bass, catsharks, rattails, and anglerfish swim in the deeper waters. River wildlife includes an assortment of fish species consisting of trout, salmon, pikes, and lampreys, snails, freshwater mussels, and crayfish plus is home to both beavers and otters.
The inland forest is home to the wolf, deer, wild boar, foxes, hares and bats.
The fertile valleys house farms with cattle, pigs, and poultry breeding. Brittany is first region for fishing back then during the Gallic Wars and present day employing 9,000 workers within 60 fishing companies.
Within the arrogant of the Roman mind, they call the Veneti French natives as Brits and also call the Briton England natives as Brits also.
The Veneti (Brittany French) natives are seasoned sailors and the Veneti French merchant ships are prepped for the harsh waters of the English Channel and a powerful merchant service controlling the sea navigation. The Veneti merchants regularly cross the dangerous and wild waters of the English Channel trading with the British Islands (modern day England), especially in tin minerals.
The Roman envoys are captured by the Veneti leaders as the Veneti natives are seeking revenge against Imperator Julius Caesar for the treatment of their peoples and properties, last season, in the year 57 B.C. The neighboring French villages agree and then join the secret rebellion holding their own Roman visitors as a band of prisoner hostiles to negotiate first or fight last removing the Roman pests from the native lands.
Roman Knight Crassus offers valuable trade items for his Roman envoys, but the Veneti leaders refuse the bounty.
Back in his governorship office on the French Rivera, Governor Caesar learns of the Veneti blacksmith ploy and orders a fleet of new Roman warships built in the French seaport of Pictones in the Gaul lands of Namnetes. The city is called Lemonum or the present day city of Poitiers. He started drafting numerous seamen from the local Gaul French provinces planning for a sea battle in the summer months against the nasty and naughty seafaring Veneti French sailors.
Rome military point: This is a brilliant military technique for Caesar.
At the moment, Caesar is very busy with his Proconsul work and business meetings with the two other Proconsul members.
In the month of April, on the 14th day, in the year 56 B.C., Caesar leaves his plush governorship office of the French Rivera and then joins his legions scattering his troops, occupying the French villages. He travels 779 miles northwest at 10 miles-per-day arriving on June 18th at the Brittany region.
The Veneti French leaders are pleased to hear the rumors of the upcoming trouble and the band of Roman troublemakers and then start preparing for a sea battle. The coastline villages are separated by both high cliffs and low sea beds. The Veneti natives have the advantage knowing the layout of the lands and the seas, possessing a few seaport harbors for protection and know the battle strategy of Caesar. They call their neighboring villages for both French sailors and soldiers along with the aid from the free and brave Britons coming from the British Isles to invest in war with Rome.
Political point: Caesar must rescue all the imprisoned Roman envoys first and then swiftly quell a new rebellion within the coastal Gaul (French) shoreline. Else the beaten down Gaul tribes plus the Gaul freed tribes will form together and then revolt against Imperator Caesar stimulating a new Gaul war with the Roman Republic.
Military move: Caesar joins his legions scattering his troops into each geographical direction to both defend the enslaved Gaul villages and fight the new Gaul natives. He does not commit all his legions to a single military campaign. However, he is aware that both the enslaved and free Gaul villages will hide and then possibly attack the separated Roman legions from his command; but Caesar must maintain the established Roman provinces and restore Roman order with both the defeated and freed Gaul natives. Else, his military campaigns will become null and void losing favor with the Roman peoples.
One Roman Legion Infantry Commander and one Roman legion march due north back into the Belgae (Belgium) regions keeping the enslaved Belgae natives and the absent Germany warriors in check.
A second Roman Legion Cavalry Knight heads due south to the land of Aquitania (modern day southern France) with both horses and soldiers preparing for a new fight with the new Gaul (French) natives.
Three different Roman Legion Infantry Commanders, their armies plus Imperator Caesar are dispatched into the Veneti (French) crop fields and woodlands prepping the Roman campsites, preparing for a land battle.
A fourth, Roman Legion Sea Commander Decimus Junius Brutus Albinus and his Roman sea sailors and the new Roman sea warships are assigned to the French coastline of Brittany.
On June 23rd, before the new fleet of Roman warships are created, Caesar engages in both land and sea military tactics. However, each targeted Venetian stronghold is located on the shoreline and is unapproachable by land, when the ocean tide is high. Then the Veneti natives are safe and unapproachable from the sea, when the ocean tide is low. 
A current Roman ship sailing on the open waters of the Gulf of Morphinan is a cargo carrier with a deep draft below the waterline exposing Roman soldiers. However, this type of ship cannot advance close to the shoreline. Thus, both the Roman army and navy are paralyzed in fighting.
When a targeted Venetian stronghold is breached, the French natives board a ship sailing away from the Romans landing at their new safer stronghold further down the familiar shoreline through the summer months. If this slick Veneti maneuver isn’t bad trouble for the Romans, the ocean weather pattern creates bad storms preventing the Roman warships from docking in a safe harbor on the Brittany coastline. The Romans are not prepared for naval warfare on the open ocean waters. Back home, in the Mediterranean seas, the Roman navy is a feared and powerful force of ships where the waters are calm, and the warships are fast and flimsy.
Military error: Caesar halts the land campaign and watches and waits for the new fleet of Roman warships.
The selected location of the upcoming Roman and Veneti naval battle occurs within the Gulf of Morphinan located southwest direction from the modern city of Brittany, France. The ocean water surface holds more 40 individual low-lying sea islands, which makes sailing difficult for a large Roman warship.
Each Veneti merchant ship is designed for sailing through the sea winds, rough waters, and ocean storms. Each ship deck is built higher than a regular sea vessel possessing a flat bottom that easily soars through the shallow tides, where a large Roman warship will wreck in the shallow seas and then stick in the sandy waters.
A Roman warship is fast for a battle fight, but a Veneti ship is comprised of oak planks that cannot be rammed.
Caesar raids all the inland villages without natives and supplies and then gives up the land battle waiting for his new fleet of Roman warships.
On June 29th, the Roman Legion Sea Commander Decimus Junius Brutus Albinus arrives with 200 new Roman warships, a fleet of smaller boats using oarsmen power while offering more water maneuverability and is called a Men-of-War warship. The commander sees five obstacles that will lose the naval battle for Rome.
Ancient World History moment: The history books identify Marcus Junius Brutus as the adopted son of Julius Caesar, who had no heir to his Roman estates. Historians have corrected their hypothesis stating Decimus Junius Brutus Albinus is the adopted son, who was younger than his cousin Marcus Brutus and also had participated in the stabbing of his adopted father in the Senate House.
And Caesar’s last words were stunned and directed at Decimus Brutus, “You too, child?” Before he suffered and then died passing into hell fire.
Back at the Roman battle on the water, one, the enemy ships total 220 compared to 200 Roman warships. Two, each enemy ship possesses a set of high board walls protecting both the deck floor and the deck sailors, making a Roman missile impossible to reach the enemy’s deck floor; but the enemy can sail closer to the Roman’s lower deck floor tossing down numerous flairs and fire bombs, the true enemy on a sea vessel. 
Three, each enemy ship is comprised of hard oak planks and cannot be rammed by a Roman warship either.
Four, each Veneti ship uses the faster natural wind power of cloth sails, rather than sitting rows of human oarsmen, creating a better maneuverable sea craft. 
At 06:18 am, on the day of June 30th, the Battle of Morphinan starts at early dawn. 
Rome military point: A smarter Decimus Brutus uses the only weapon left for the Roman naval military, a sickle-like curved hook on a long wooden pole.
Each pole is tossed at one of drifting and unprotected rigging lines on each Venetian merchant ship. When the rigging lines are snapped, the cloth sails come tumbling down on top of the deck floor, thus the Veneti ship is immovable. Then three Roman warships quickly coil around the damaged Veneti ship like a snake and as the Roman sailors breach the protective wall, reach the deck floor and kill each Veneti sailors.
During the sea fight, the sea wind dies down into stillness affecting all the sails and as each Veneti ship cannot soar around the seas and away from the wet battlefield. The Roman warships easily attack its prey boarding the ship, killing the sailors. Quickly, each Veneti ship captain surrenders the naval fight to each Roman captain. Thus, Caesar is victorious in a naval war at the Battle of Morbihan.
Military error: Caesar is the master of land; not the sea. He made a terrible military mistake, not knowing the enemy of the seas, before jumping into a naval battle on the ocean. And he did not win the fight, the grappling hook event performed the task well as did the Legion Sea Commander winning the Battle of the Sea for Imperator Caesar.
After 15 hours and 43 minutes of battling, at the sunrise hour of 16:02, on the same day, when all the undamaged Veneti ship finally dock at the port and all the Veneti natives slowly appear to Imperator Caesar, he enacts a severe punishment for the naughty deeds of the Frenchmen, executing the Veneti senators and sells all the Veneti sailors and their families as slaves.
Military prize: Possession of the northern to southern Brittany coastline for Rome.
Military analyze: Roman soldiers possess both a superior army and effective siege equipment but could not capture or corner their foes, the Veneti sailors, the ships, and the shoreline villages. If not for the invention of the grappling hook, Caesar would have failed and then looked really stupid, maybe surrendering his wet dreams of conquest, conqueror and crown. The Gallic Wars would have changed historical point of view for both Rome and Caesar.
Leaving on June 18th, with new orders from Imperator Caesar, from the seaport of Vannes within the Veneti lands, Roman Legion Infantry Commander Quintus Titurius Sabinus and three Roman legions marches due north towards the present day Normandy coastline overlooking the English Channel to quell any type of Gaul rebellion coming from the other Veneti (French) tribes.
After 18 days of traveling, on July 6th, he reaches the Venellian inlands, seeing the Mont Castre Oppidum, in the present day city of Montsenelle. Within two days, on July 7th, the Roman quickly build a rampart building with two gates establishing a Roman campsite on a tall hilltop using their Roman standard operating procedures.
On July 7th, Viridovix, the tribal chief of Uneilli natives has joined three other local coastal French seamen consisting of the Aulercii, the Eburones, and the Lexorii warriors protecting their own Gaul lands. They hide and watch two miles from the Roman campsite and then send out a messenger with a Gaul war threat to Roman Commander Sabinus.
Sabinus ignores the ugly war invitation using both his patience and his tolerance while continuing to work on a peace treaty with the Venellii leader, which fails miserably. 
Two days later, on July 9th, he sends out a fake Gaul deserter telling a boatload of fake lies to the Viridovix chief, which fails epically, for a second time.
The next day, on July 10th, the Venellii and their allied warriors attack the Roman campsite. The campsite stands on high ground. The enemy charges uphill and then runs out of energy. The trained and experienced Romans chase the Venellii warriors down the hill into the woodlands, killing 10,000 soldiers
On July 11th, the next day, Roman Legion Commander Quintus Sabinus learns of the sea battle victory for Imperator Caesar at the same time Caesar learns of Sabinus’ land victory in the Venellii lands. The other coastal tribes of the peaceful surrender to Sabinus not celebrating but offering a peace treaty.
During the two opposite Roman sea and land successful field battles, on July 11th, in the lands of Aquitania (modern day southern France), Roman Legion Cavalry Knight, 25 years old, Publius Crassus and his 1,000 horsemen, and 4,320 Roman footmen are having a hard time defending his Roman battle fight, fending off the Aquitania (French) fighters under the Sotiates leadership of Commander Adcantuannus, who had been trained by a former Roman general named Quintus Sertorius from the year 70 B.C.
Publius is faced the lack of food supplies, is outnumbered enemy forces, and needs to employ an array of new unknown Roman war strategies. 
He gathers information, demonstrated foresight, planned a strategy, employed military tactics of stealth, surprise, and deception, like a good roman general. 
Military move: The Aquitania (French) fighters avoid the frontal battle line of both the Roman horses and soldiers, harasses the roman supply lines, and then attack the Roman campsites at night.
Military move: Publius finally locates the hidden Aquitania campsite holding 50,000 Gaul fighters. The front of the camp is guarded, so the Romans sneak around and attack the rear of the Gaul camp at night, surprising the Gaul warriors. The natives run for their live forces into the thick woodlands as the Roman cavalry chases and catches their foe. After the sand storm settles, 12,000 Aquitania (French) fighters survive the battle fight with Rome while Publius offers pardons like his military role model Julius Caesar.
Publius Crassus had outfoxed a band of highly trained Gaul warriors using his new Roman tactics while dealing with the lack of food supplies, to boot.
Death toll: Veneti rebel army is 33,000; Roman army is 1,000.
Military prize: The northeastern coastlines overlooking the English Channel holding the Veneti (French) historical tribal lands to the Roman Republic.
Finally, all the southern coastal Gaul wars, fights, and rebellion attempts among the Veneti (French) tribes including the Yeneti, Venellii, Osismii, Curiosolites, Eburorices, Aulercii, Redones and Lexorii are both quieted and quelled.
Caesar eyes the white tinted chalk cliffs across the English Channel marching his five legions, 4,000 cavalry horsemen, archers, and javelin throwers over 377 miles towards the Morini (French) tribe.
In the month of September, on the day of 2th, under clouds of gray rain storms, an overconfident and arrogant Caesar continues his personal political agenda expanding the Rome Republic property land and ensuring his personal military campaign fights against all the other coastal French tribes, who are allies with the defeated Veneti natives.
He arrives and views 03.25 square miles of both sea water and tall hilltops. The harbor is named Gesoriacum or Portius Itius or present day Boulogne-Sur-Mer.
The blue sky kisses the white tinted sandy beach. The beach slowly raises upwards into a field of orange tinted flax seeds, before a tall thicket of hilled green tinted woodlands at the high of 341 feet high. The woodlands are comprised of thorny trees and matching plant shrubs. However, the landscape is pretty and empty except docked fishing boats and the lack of people. The Morini natives grow and then harvest flax seeds making set of white tinted linen sails for their sea boats. They export the items of wool, geese, pork, and salt around the coastline to the other Gaul natives.
The autumn weather has been wet and rainy. The forestlands are green and lush. So, the Morini natives have retreated into the forests living on smaller islands surrounded by marshes.
Military point: The local natives know their landscape terrain traveling and then hiding inside the thickets of forest or the swampy marshes attacking quickly the rear of the Roman flanks and then withdrawing faster while completely avoiding a Roman fight.
The long day continues with many battle skirmishes within both the thick forests and deep marsh settings capturing the cattle and some Morini weapons, not the natives. Caesar orders the forest trees cut down during a heavy windy rain storm as the Romans fail at the task.
Caesar becomes frustrated with the allusive Morini natives plus the bad weather patterns on the beach sands, so he burns all the home buildings and destroys all the crop fields, without capturing Morini hostages or a single Morini warrior. So, he withdraws all his legions, horses, archers, and javelin throwers from the Morini lands turning to march due east into the newly defeated and deflated Gaul villages between the Saone and the Lorie Rivers, within central France, for the winter season.
This is the conclusion of Book III of the letters of the Gallic Wars.

The beginning stories from Book IV of the Gallic Wars written by Julius Caesar.
Political point: The role of a Roman consul depends on both the whims and whines coming from the Roman peoples, at the current moment of both time and space. During the current Gallic War military campaign, clearly Caesar utilizes both his talents and the skills of his numerous brave and smarter Roman legion commanders.
The other Roman military commander, Proconsul Marcus Crassus leads and then participates in numerous military campaigns within different Gaul geographical battlefields while winning each one of his battle fights also. And his second-born son, Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Publius Crassus, leading the Roman cavalry units, has proven a brilliant military tactician winning each one of his battlefield encounters also. Thus, Caesar is sharing the spotlight with prominent lower Roman commanders as the written and vocal bulletins of battle fights please the Roman peoples.
Lounging in his French Rivera office setting, Imperator and Governor Julius Caesar needs a brilliant new military campaign showcasing all his military talents and his political skills. Then the new information presents a political and military opportunity to Caesar.
From the winter month of December, in the year 55 B.C. to the month of January, in the year 54 B.C., within the Germanic (German) lands, the Suebi (Germany) clan experiences continuous harassment tactics coming from the other nasty not neighborly German tribes. The Suebi homes are burned; their field crops are destroyed; their families are slaughtered. So, the Suebi German tribe migrates across the Rhine River searching for both a new hopes and new lands.
The Suebi tribe lives by a social code. They are tightly organized into separate clans. One solider is supplied from a family unit training within the Subie army, each year, while the other males of the same household works the crop fields. Then the following annual year, the farmer and the soldier exchanges places. Thus, there are both trained and available soldiers for an immediate battle fight. The Suebi lands are not privately owned but shared collectively supplying milk, cattle meat, and wild game meat and body parts. The Suebi are a heart people wearing very little clothes, bathing in the river waters and living outdoors in the rigors of winter months. The Suebi cavalry do not use a soft leather saddle on their tender butt cheeks either. Wine is forbidden making each male weak. The Suebi do not like neighbors and keep their property borders uninhabited for 600 miles without a single visitor.
Over the years, the tough ass Suebi warriors have tried and tired driving the gently Ubii German natives from the lands creating a respectful neighborhood instead.
The Suebi natives cross into the Menapii (Belgium) lands but are quickly repelled away. The Suebi natives pretend to leave and then attack murdering some but mostly defeating the Menapii natives. 
In his lush French Rivera office, Caesar is both repulsed and thrilled with the bad news of additional German invaders invading and occupying the newly acquired Roman/Gaul lands.
Political move: Caesar worries the newly defeated and deflated Gaul natives will quickly and quietly ally and then align with the both the true French and fake German Menapii (Suebi) clans.
He is correct. The Gaul leaders are welcoming the tough ass Suebi natives into the Gaul conquered lands.
Political move: In the month of April, Caesar has consulted with his loyal Gallic leaders and is preparing for war with the Suebi German clan, who has defeated the Menapii natives and then taken illegally the lands of the Menapii tribe. 
On May 1st, as he and his Romans march near the Menapii (Belgium) lands, a Suebi representative appears to Caesar stating the Suebi have not threatened the Romans and refuse to fight, if they are attacked. They wish for peace with both the Roman leaders and soldiers and the Gaul natives and leaders.
Caesar responds there is not peace with the Suebi clan and there are not Gaul lands available to the Suebi clan either. You can go and settle in the Ubii (German) lands across the Rhine River.
The Suebi message asks for time to consider Caesar’s response.
Political move: Caesar refuses the request from the Suebi representative and continues to march his legions to the Menapii lands.
Two days later, on May 3rd, Caesar is 12 miles from the Menapii lands. The Suebi representative asks again for Caesar not to attack and allow the clan to talk with the Ubii natives. Caesar advances his legions four miles from the Menapii lands. The Suebi leaders sent out 800 cavalry horsemen to talk with Caesar, but the Roman cavalry unit reacts and then starts to attack all the Suebi horsemen. Then individual Suebi horse rider dismounts and then kills a Roman horse, not the Roman soldier. The infantry soldiers become scared fleeing from the weird battle fight killing 72 Roman infantry soldiers.
Caesar becomes enraged at both the slick trick of killing both his horses and his Romans and the deep concern that the defeated and deflated Gaul leaders, natives, and warriors will join the bold and brave Suebi clan member. So, Caesar declares war on the Suebi clan first.
The next day, May 4th, the Suebi leaders appear and arrive at the Roman campsite clearing up the confusion of Suebi riders from yesterday’s short bloody battle fight. Caesar orders the Suebi leaders taken as prisoners and the marches into the Menapii lands, the local of the Suebi community. Without their leaders, the Suebi surrender and then rush back to the Meuse and Rhine River waters, where the 430,000 Suebi men, women, and children are either slaughtered by the Romans or drown to their deaths in the deep river waters.
Back in the city of Rome, all the Roman Senators are stunned of the terrible murders and offers to prosecute Imperator Caesar for all of his war crimes once his governorship is tenured and he is no longer immune from the severe punishment.


Present day, place, space and time, inside the parked limousine, Magritte snarled, “Well, that didn’t come into fruition for an evil cold-blooded murderer Caesar, did it ancient and dead Roman Senators? If Caesar had been charged, prosecuted, and burned at the stake, alive and suffering, Ancient World History wouldn’t be written very differently. The Roman Senate is all talk and no action, just like our American Congressmen and women. Americans stare for food, bleed for medicines, and live on the city streets as the Washington wealthy elites brag about their governmental powers, borrow all the American taxpayer’s money profits, and then boast with an array of fluffy, puffy words of empty promises.”

Political move: Caesar, now, dares to subdue a non-related Gaul rebellion and crosses a new body of water, where no Roman army has landed, the Rhine River inside the Germany lands.
Caesar returns to the Suebi leaders, who are his prisoners and tells of the horrors of their peoples. The Suebi leaders are afraid of Caesar and accept the slavery deal.
Caesar accepts.

Three days later, on May 7th, a Ubii representative arrives and addresses Caesar asking for help with the other German clan named the Sugambri tribe, who do naught deeds, such like, burn villages, steal livestock, and destroy the crops.
The Sugambri tribe resides across the Rhine River and is parallel to the Eburones lands, west of the Remi lands.
Political point: Caesar wants to impress the Romans and scare the Germans.
Caesar agrees and marches to the Rhine River banks. He arrives on May 10th, and then orders a timber wooden bridge. Then construction work takes ten days covering the two Rhine River banks and deep waters. On May 20th, he and his legions cross the homemade bridge and begin to burn the villages cutting down the grain stalks of the Sugambri tribes. He marches over the destroyed property of the Sugambri tribe heading due south and reaches the Ubii villages informing both the leaders and natives that their homes and crops are safe. He leaves the Germanic lands after 18 days and marches over the timber bridge burning the bridge, arriving back into the Gaul lands on June 8th.
Political move: Caesar has placed fear in the Germanic tribes; freed the scared Ubii German tribe from harassment; punished the Sugambri tribe; and murdered numerous men, women, and children of the Suebi tribe.
Retreating from the Rhine River waters, Caesar assigns all his Roman commanders to stay and observe the other Gaul villages, returning to the western coastline on June 12th. Roman Legion Infantry Commander Quintus Titurius Sabinus is in charge of the Menapii and Morini (Belgium) villages.

On June 14th, at the Morini seaport, Caesar calls and then attends a series of private meetings with his devoted spies from the loyal Gaul leaders. The Veneti natives had received aid from the foreign Briton leaders, who reside across the English Channel, within the present day country of England.
Political move: Caesar, now, dares to crosses a second new body of water, the English Channel, where no Roman army has landed. He plans an invasion force to attack and teach the Britons a Roman lesson.
The English Channel is part of the Atlantic Ocean separating the southern country of England from the northern coastline of France. The Channel links the southern part of the North Sea by the Straits of Dover on the northeast. The Channel is the busiest shipping region in the world.
The Channel measures 350 miles long and with varied sizes from the largest width at 150 miles to the narrowest at 21 miles and is 29,000 square miles of water.
The country of England has maintained its naval superpower status using the English Channel, especially during active warfare.
During the Pleistocene Period, the English Channel waters represented a plot of dry land. During the most recent glacial period, Devensian Glaciation, around 10,000 years ago, the two present day countries of England and Ireland were linked by an unbroken ridge acting like a natural dam holding back the freshwater lake, within the Doggerland Region. Now, the Doggerland Region, the natural dam, and the unbroken walking ridge are all submerged underneath the North Sea waters.
Also, during the Devensian Glaciation, the North Sea waters and the lands of England were covered in long, large solid ice sheets. The freshwater lake was fed by melting ice water coming from the Baltic, Caledonian, and Scandinavian ice sheets. The ice sheets were located in the northern portion of the English Channel and stood 390 feet higher than the current English Channel waters.
Over 450,000 years ago, the glacial frozen lake flooded over the natural dam. The flood water lasted several months releasing 1,500,000 feet of water-per-second covering and breaking the entire dam rock sending the flowing water into the present day Atlantic Ocean waters and thus created the English Channel.
Over 8,000 years ago, an ancient boatyard was uncovered that had once existed in the present day seaport named Isle of Wight, within the country of England. Products of wheat had been the exported item connecting the southern modern day England to northern modern day France.
In the year 55 B.C., the ocean waters natural trade route across the English Channel between the Gaul (French) natives and the Briton natives (English) of England started, continued, and flourished before, during, and after the invasion of the Roman Republic.
Ancient World History moment: The entire country of England did not become a part of the vast Roman Empire, until the year 43 A.D., under the Roman General Aulus Plautius. Then regular trade of goods rapidly increased between the two seaports of Roman Gaul and Roman Britain. After the protection and the collapse of the Roman Empire in the year 410 A.D., within all the Roman-English towns and countryside, numerous Germanic tribes migrated by boats across the North Sea waters starting to conquer and then displace all of the Roman Briton and Roman Celtic peoples.
Kent is a regional country within southeastern England bordering Greater London County to the northwest; Surrey Country to the west and East Sussex County to the southwest. Kent County shares the borders with Essex County at the estuary of the Thames River.
Regional lands of Kent were the first British grounds both traded and settled by the Germanic tribes from Kent regional lands borders the Thames Estuary and the North Sea to the north and the Straits of Dover and the English Channel to the south.
The Kent regional lands located between the modern day city of London and the modern day Straits of Dover has been both grounds of battle conflicts and peace talks for lands, since the year 55 B.C.
From the lands of Dover, the countryside of France can be seen clearly in good weather and vice versa, the lands from modern day city of Folkestone to the massive White Cliffs of Dover are viewed by the French across the English Channel from Calais to Boulogne-sur-Mer.
Throughout the lands of Dover, in the valleys and on top of the hills, an abundance of fruit orchards, strawberry patches, hazelnut bushes, and hop gardens grown by Mother Nature. The British citizens have named the place, The Garden of England.
The name of Kent comes from the British Celtic word meaning “corner land.” The Romans called the lands, Canticum. The Anglo-Saxons named the lands, Cent.
Kent had been occupied by man during the Paleolithic Era based on the deep man-made stone quarries of Swanscombe. The megalith stone were built by men during the Neolithic Era. Then came the Bronze Age, Iron Age, and the Roman Era, each new group of settlers had fought and combined the current culture leaving behind nice artifacts, such like, a gold cups and Roman villas in the Darent Valley.
Ancient World History moment: In the year 54 B.C., Imperator and Roman invader Julius Caesar wrote in his travel journeys that the people of Kent region were the most civilized inhabitants of the British Isles.
After the Roman Empire collapsed, the Kent lands were fought first by the Germanic Jutes tribe from modern day Germany, then conquered second and finally assimilated the surviving Roman-British citizens into Jutes culture and the Jutes language of Old English. The new civilization was named Jutish Kingdom and called Cantia in the year 730 A.D. and Cent in the year 835 A.D. The people were known as the Cantwara or the Kentish people. The city of Canterbury was the largest area within Kent occupied lands.
The lands within Kent are the warmest parts of England reaching the highest air temperatures of 101 degrees Fahrenheit in the year 2003.
Geographically, the Kent lands are based on a series of tall ridges and low flat valleys running from east towards the west across the countryside. The ridges and valleys come from the erosion of the Wealden Dome. The Dome stands across the lands of Kent and Sussex. The Dome was created by alpine mountain movement 20 million years ago forming upper layers of chalk underneath soft sandstone mineral. The Kent ridges and valley were formed when the exposed clay dirt eroded faster than the exposed chalk, greensand, and sandstone.
The city of Folkestone is built on top of the greensand. The city of Tonbridge is built on top of sandstone rock. The city of Dover is built on chalk minerals.
The eastern side of the Wealden Dome with the high whited tinted chalk ridges has been slowly eroding away by the sea winds and the sea waters.
The Wealden Dome formed in the Paleozoic Era along with the creation of coal minerals. Coal minerals are found in East Kent lands between Canterbury and Dover residing 1,310 feet deep into the grounds and are subject to flooding.
In the current calendar years of 1382, 1580, 1776, 1950, 2007, and 2015 seismic earthquake activities had occurred located ten miles down the surface waters. Thus, the Kent coastline is continuously changing due to the tectonic uplifts and coastal erosion.
The Isle of Thanet had existed during the invasion of Imperator Julius Caesar as an island separated by a channel of water formed with chalk ground, until deposits of alluvium sealed the waters in the year 960 A.D. The present day islands of the Romney Marsh and the Dungeness have also been sealed by alluvium minerals also.
The principal body of water River Medway is 70 miles long and dumps into the estuary of the River Thames. After the invasion and conquering the Kent lands by Imperator Caesar, in the year 54 B.C., the river waters served numerous cargo-carrying vessel providing good up towards the modern city of Tonbridge.
The geographical lands between the Straits of Dover and the modern city of London hold fertile ground for farming and the clay dirt is used creating both houses and buildings forming numerous small settlements that were not owned by a king. The settlements were passed down through the family inheritance system.
The new Romans and their engineering knowledge produced a network of paved roads constructed to connect modern day city of London to the seaport of Dover. The ancient Roman road still exists and is named Watling Street.
Dover is both a town and the ferry seaport, within country of Kent, in southeastern part of England. At low tide, the waters feature treacherous bogs among the firm sandy shores.
The town faces the countryside of France across the Straits of Dover sailing a boat through the narrowest portion of the English Channel which is 21 miles to the Cap Gris Nez, France. This town has been used for centuries as a trade center between goods and bodies leaving and returning to the British Isles.
Historically, the original British settlement lies in the flat valley region on the River Dour, where the place and people has sheltered for centuries from the prevailing southwest sea winds. Over the centuries, silt mud minerals have been shifting the river mouth towards the North Sea waters. The town engineers have laid out an array of artificial breakwaters trying to keep the existing seaport structure. However, the seaport keeps shifts ahead and moving onto new lands.
Currently, the seaport of Dover provides tourism and receives 368.000 visitors per year.
Historically, during the Stone Age, the Bronze Age, and the Iron Age, the town provided daily livelihoods for the local natives. During the Bronze Age, a small boat was discovered in six meters of deep waters dating back to the year 1550 B.C. 
During the Roman Era, the seaport town was connected by Watling Street heading to the modern day city of Canterbury, where Portus Dubris, a fortified port, was built for both protection and trade. The word, dubris, comes from the Brythonic word, meaning water.
The seaport of Dover became an international trade communication network between the conquered Gaul lands and the British Isles, where numerous castle forts and beach lighthouses were built for passing sea vessels.
Today, the Roman lighthouse still stands as the tallest surviving Roman building from Ancient Roman British Era. And a Roman villa with Roman wall paintings has survived also.
Dover experiences oceanic climate with mild annual temperatures and light rainfall each month. The coldest calendar month is February with 37 degrees Fahrenheit; the warmest month is July with 70 degrees Fahrenheit.
On the last day, in the Roman month of March, the festival of God Mars and Goddess Minerva is celebrated with the beginning of the Roman military campaign starting on March 23. The ceremony sacrifices an eve lamb inside the Hall of Shoemakers making the Roman army fit for warfare by playing an array of loud war trumpets. The Roman army is not present but in the Gaul lands. The next day, the Senate assembly is called into session to discuss the affairs of Rome and the Roman Republic.
Within the British Isles, in the year 55 B.C., the Briton natives numbered four million residents throughout the British lands living on the lowlands of the Thames River farming the southeast of fertile soils. The highlands consisted of pockets of civilization of pasture lands for cattle and gardens of fruits and nuts. Each British fort is built low on the soil near the river bed.
After the Roman conquest of the French Rivera lands, in the year 124 B.C., Roman wine was imported on the Veneti (French) sea boats arriving in the present day city of Dorset, England.

In the year 58 B.C., King Diviciascus was a powerful noble in both the British Isles and the Suessiones lands in France.
Historically, minted and used gold coins dated 100 B.C., from the Gallic-Belgic Era, have been discovered in Kent lands and the Dorset southern coastline.
One of the many important causations from the sea battle between the Roman warships and the Veneti ships was the valuable and profitable ocean trade route between the France and British natives, not wanting to lose their merchandise and money monopoly, within the English Channel waters.
On August 1st, Caesar called upon the Veneti merchants asking for information about the sea harbors and British inhabitants on the British Isles receiving little to no useful military or geographical data. Thus, he planned a grand Roman invasion of the Briton shoreline and the British barbaric natives.
On August 22nd, Caesar sends out his new Roman ally friend Commius, the King of the Atrebates sailing a Roman ship from the seaport of Caletum to the British Isles, offering both a peaceful landing and a new trade relationship.
The morning of August 23rd, Caesar orders and then sends supplies to 20 Roman warships leaving the same seaport. Then he sends 18 Roman transport ships housing the Roman cavalry units from the Ambleteuse seaport. Another rough seashore small French beach with surrounding marshes, a tiny seaport close to the Boulogne-Sur-Mer seaport used only by Imperator Julius Caesar launching his 20 Roman sea vessels from France coastline to England lands.
Leaving from the Calais seaport, at midnight, on August 23rd, Caesar sails 80 Roman warships with 2,600 soldiers.
Military error: Caesar does not understand the power of the English Channel waters or the organized mindsets of the Briton natives.
The English Channel serves as a trade route for ancient and modern boaters and also as a barrier field from all invaders trying to attack the British coastline during wartime.
The aquatic fish include cod, herring, hake, pilchard and mullet. The coastline of Brittany relies on the English Channel waters for their fishing and seafood economy.
The English Channel seas in the month of August, in the year 55 B.C. feature high winds, rough waves, heavy sheets of cold raindrops, overall a rough sea that forces each Roman warship to rise and fall with incredible altitude and intensity.
From a comparative point of view, a modern day ferry boats weight 65,000 tons and measures 787 feet long experiencing the same wave intensity, on a bad day of weather, sailing the shortest ocean distance from France to England, within the English Channel. Passengers have commented after the 21-mile ferry ride from the coastline of France to the English seashore of Dover with the following reactions:

Seasick sailing!
Ya puck your ass outta of your mouth!
Unstable waters!
I kiss the concrete ground on the solid foundation at the Dover seaport!

The sea floor, within the English Channel, near the Dover shoreline, is the world’s shallowest region standing at 150 feet deep waters. The flow of waters in the Channel comes from the prevailing southwest sea winds but a persistent northwest sea wind can change the course of the waters.
The wind slaps the face and as the two eardrums hear numerous rustling sounds. Large waves and crests break with white sea caps.
A bad weather pattern within the English Channel for the months of October to April features cloudy, chilly, wet strong winds and poor visibility. Or on a good day, the weather is fair and day, with light sea winds and good visibility. A sunny day, the air temperature is an average of 54 degrees in the winter months and an average of 68 degrees in the summer months. A clear winter day features 23 degrees in the early morning. A clear summer day is 86 degrees Fahrenheit.
At the midnight hour, in the month of August, on the 23rd day, in the year 55 B.C., the poor weather pattern of the English Channel presents 41 degrees Fahrenheit cold temperatures, damp and wet air moisture coming from 12 feet tidal waves, and a misty fog without viewing the sandy shorelines or the land masses on the coastline of England.
Also, the English Channel waters host an abundance of individual sandbars forming a few nautical miles from the sandy coastline of the Kent lands. Rouge Sands, an isolated sandbar lies six miles from the coastline of the Suffolk seaport and seven miles from the coastline at the seaport of Essex.
In the Gulf of Saint-Malo, along the English Channel, the tidal waves reach 28 feet high. On Saint Malo island, the world’s first tidal energy facility is housed producing water powered energy from the floods and the ebb tidal waves of the English Channel.
In the Straits of Dover, the tide waters are very strong moving north to south due to the prevailing east to west sea winds, but the tidal waters can change due to the northern sea winds at any time.

At 11:11 am, during the dull daylight hours and cold weather temperatures, on August 23rd, the fleet of ships hovers at Port Dubris or the modern day seaport of Dover. In sight of the white tinted chalk mountains, rows of Briton fighters are gathered watching the Roman ships. The shoreline of the cliffs will allow the Briton spears and arrows to strike down landing onto each Roman sea deck. Caesar decides to wait on his supply and cavalry transport ships but sends out a single Roman scout ship under the leadership of Roman commander Gaius Volusenus to survey the unfamiliar foreign coastline of the British Isles for the Roman invasion site. 
Five days later, on August 27th, in the early morning hours, Roman Legion Sea Commander Volusenus returns and has spotted a sandy beach between the two modern day seaport cities of Hythe and Sandwich, within the Kent lands, seven miles up the coastline.

Five days later, on August 27th, in the early morning hours, Commander Volusenus returns and has spotted a sandy beach between the two modern day seaport cities of Hythe and Sandwich, within the Kent lands, seven miles up the coastline.
Within the rough waves from the English Channel, after waiting and watching for five hours, at 03:00 pm, Caesar does not see his Roman supply ships and decides to sail the fleet seven miles northeast along the coast towards an open beach site, Pegwell Bay on the Isle of Thanet.
Pegwell Bay is a shallow inlet of mudflats and salt marshes, containing wildfowl and waders, on the coastline of the English Channel waters. At low tide, the waters feature treacherous bogs among the firm sandy shores. The bay is positioned between a northern estuary of salt marshes and the southern seaport town of Sandwich within Kent County.
Ancient World History moment: The first Anglo-Saxon landing from the modern day country of Denmark occurred at Pegwell Bay, in an ancient ship named Hugin. The ship contained King Hengist and his wife Horsa, who offered their daughter Princess Rowan to King Vortigern of Kent.
The Isle of Thanet is diamond-shaped island separated from the mainland by the Solvent, a shallow body of water. The island is 22.5 miles long from east to west side and 13.5 miles long from north to south side. Thus, the bottom portion on each new Roman ship is too low in the water to reach the shoreline.
On top of the rouge English Channel waters, the fleet of Roman ships approach and then dock in the deep waters near the Isle of Thanet. On the flat sandy beach, rows of Britons, their chariots, and their horses stand guard, sneer at the Roman invaders, and secure the shoreline. The Roman ships cannot land at the mainland. The Romans are afraid of the water depths and do nothing but stare back with fear and doubt.
A flag carrier from one of the legions shouts to the other soldiers, “Leap, fellow soldiers, unless you wish to betray your eagle to the enemy. I, for my part, will perform my duty to the republic and to my general.” He leaps into the water and waddles onto the sandbar marching towards the shoreline. The rest of the soldiers copy his movement marching towards the coastline.
The Britons wait and watch attacking and then killing each individual soldier in the shallow waters.
Caesar sends in a row boat of archers protecting the small party of soldiers. But each battle fight is between the Britons and the Romans appears both fierce and deadly on unfamiliar grounds…waters with the Briton warriors.
Caesar orders a series of fiery bombs flying from each one of the ship’s catapult equipment launching and then lands on the sandy beaches clearing the Briton armies away from the Romans. The Romans slowly waddle ashore and immediately form the famous triple battle lines preparing for British battle. The Britons spin around with laughter leaving the Roman troops, alone and wet.
Military error: Caesar has underestimated a quick and proper military seashore landing and performs a disorganized arrival with his men waddling on the sandy beaches. If not for the bravery and boldness of the single Roman flag carrier, then Imperator Caesar would have lost the entire war battle fight with the Briton soldiers, chariots, and horses.
The Romans quickly establishes a Roman campsite with guard outposts several feet from the sea shoreline as Caesar sends a team of Roman ambassadors to negotiate the release of his Gaul ally, King Commius, who is a Briton prisoner, after arriving in the same landing spot.
The next day, August 28th, King Commius is released and appears bringing two British hostages and a small cavalry unit of friendly Briton horsemen.

On September 1st, four days later, the appearance of the eighteen Roman ships with the cavalry unit arrive on the sunny horizon; but the wild winds from the English Channel turn back the fleet of ships. They sail back to the France coastline.
The same fierce ocean storm sending the Roman transports back to the France shoreline lasts into the night and then the next morning on September 2nd, a majority of the some of the Roman ships are damaged. 
Caesar and his men worry about a fleet of proper sailing vessels steering them safely back to the shoreline of France. Caesar is not prepared to spend the winter months here within the British Isles on unfamiliar lands and unknown weather patterns.
The Roman campsite on the sandy beach is running out of foodstuffs and Caesar is stunned at the high tides and violent ocean storms within the unfamiliar English Channel. The 70 docked Roman ships in the Channel have become beached or shipwrecked, filled with sea waters, or smashed against each other threatening the soldiers safe return journey to France. So, he orders the men to forge for food and the others to repair the damaged ships.
Less than a mile away, the Briton military leaders observe the Romans hoping to starve Imperator Caesar and his troops, during the freezing cold wintertime months.
Military move: The Britons engage in a series of new attacks ambushing and then killing some of the Roman soldiers, who look for food stuffs on the soil.
The outpost Romans report plumes of heavy dust clouds in the far distance, where the bands of forging Romans are picking foodstuffs. Caesar leads one legion to the unfamiliar lands and find the Romans under heavy attack by 17,000 Britons with chariot carts of drivers and horses.
Each rolling Briton chariot cart attacks from all directions at the gathered Romans and then halts. Each Briton warrior leaps off and attacks the Roman circle of men. The carts pull back and stand on the outskirts watching the action, entering to assist the Briton warriors.
Military move: The combination of a mobile chariot and a fighting warrior wins the battle fight for the Britons. The war horses are very well-trained when paired with the war machine for combat work too.
Caesar arrives and saves fifty percent of his Romans. He cannot pursue the fleeing and overconfident Britons without the Roman cavalry units, returning back to Pegwell Bay campsite. The afternoon hours present more bad weather storms with sheets of heavy rain and bright lightning bolts with loud thunder clouds on the coastline.
Two days later, on September 4th, the autumn seashore storm dissipates, and the Britons renew the fight and then flight. Commius leads a cavalry attack on the Briton forces creating a bloody battle, losing the war, and then employs the standard “scorched earth” policy of the Roman Republic.

On September 5th, the Britons send ambassadors and then Caesar demands both peace and hostages. However, two days later, no hostages appear. On September 7th, Caesar decides to end his military campaign on the new British Isles and then boards the surviving Roman ships 
Military error: If the landing was an invasion, it failed. If the landing was show of force, it failed again.
Political move: Caesar proves there was a new mysterious world filled with new treasures beyond the Veneti (French) coastline.

On September 9th, the fleet of Roman ships arrive at the seaport of Calais. The first 300 soldiers unload from the ship deck then are attacked by the Morini warriors. The other Romans join the fight against 6,000 fighting Morini fighters for four hours before the Roman cavalry unit appear scattering the Morini fighters. The Romans chase down and kill the ones that do not disappear into the thick forests.

Ancient World History moment: Learning and studying the ancient knowledge of each fragile wooden Roman warship on a new sea adventure over an unfamiliar body of water sailing to an unknown foreign land, the sheer bold bravery, the stubborn tenacity, and male arrogance of both Julius Caesar and all his Roman soldiers are to be recognized, applauded, and saluted for expanding culture throughout the world.

At the end of the military campaign, in the month of September, he orders a fleet of new Roman ships for a second invasion party to England leaving Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Titus Liberian in charge of the new Roman project. He orders the rest of the legions to winter on the Veneti coastline. Caesar waits for the British hostages, two, and then travels 991 miles back to Rome. When her arrives three months later, the Roman populous celebrates for 20 holiday days with large gala parades and numerous social parties for Imperator Caesar.
Political critic Marcus Cicero states: It is a disappointing discovery that there was not gold or silver in the island.
Suetonius reports: Caesar was said to have gone to Britons in search of pearls.
Later in the year, Caesar presented and dedicated a piece of jewelry with British pearls to his claimed relative Roman Goddess Venus in her goddess temple that he had built with his wealth. The oysters were exported from the island of Britain to Athens, Rome.
Death toll: Gaul and British Isles army is 5,000; Roman army is 1,000. 
This is the conclusive end of Book IV within the Gallic Wars written by Julius Caesar.

This is the beginning adventures in Book V within Gallic Wars from the writings of Julius Caesar.
After the Roman Tubilustrium ceremony, killing an innocence lamb, spilling its precious blood over the wooden table and down on top of the floor, for some strange reason, is done, as all the pagan cultures do, within Ancient World, on March 23rd, Caesar leaves from Athens by boat to the to the French Rivera coastline and then marches due west to the Veneti coastline, within newly conquered Gaul territories, and arrives on May 30th the mainland sandy shoreline seeing the scattered fishing huts from the Morini natives. He stands several feet viewing the single island of Caletum or the modern day French seaport of Calais. The weather conditions are 55 degrees Fahrenheit. The sea winds blow at 11 miles-per-hour and the humidity factor is 51 percent on a clear day of sunshine.
Calais is a city and ferry port located in northern France on the edge of the English Channel and lies 31 land miles due south from the Boulogne-Sur-Mer seaport. The seaport overlooks both either the rough or the smooth oceans waters of the English Channel. In the year 55 B.C., the island is surrounded by marshes creating a natural ship harbor and is impossible to attack by land, only by boat. The Roman engineers and soldiers have constructed a Roman fleet comprising 600 transport/cargo ships for the horses plus 20 Men-of-War sea vessels hovering in the water. Caesar had ordered a fleet of new Roman ships built in the Pictones shipyards featuring a shallower draft that can maneuver closer to the shoreline. And each ship must be propelled by both oars and sails.
Thirty miles up the coastline, he orders two legions of Romans to leave seaport Calais and then construct a new harbor further up the Morini coastline and calls it, Itius Portus, which is the present day seaport harbor of Boulogne-sur-Mer. The seaport is also named Gesoriacum by the Morini tribe. The seaport becomes a Roman port for trade and communications with the British Isles.
Itius Portus or Gesoriacum or Boulogne-sur-Mer is a stretch of sandy seashore between the two French seaport of present day Calais and Normandy beaches. Today, the seaport is the largest fishing spot for exporting herring fish.
Historically, the Gesoriacum seaport was founded by the Celtic Boii.
Boulogne-Sur-Mer is located in northern France at the edge of the English Channel and in the mouth of the Liane River. The seaport is nine miles north from Calais, France; 31 miles west to Folkestone, England; 62 miles south to Amiens, France; 93 miles northeast from London, England and 134 miles southwest to Paris, France. The internal lands are rural countryside with numerous agricultural farms.
On June 2nd, Caesar must assume the role of peacemaker or a nice Roman diplomat while quickly resolving a new civil war within the lands of Treveri between the two competitive related-by-marriage kings, Indutiomarus and the king’s son-in-law Cingetorix. The Treveri army possesses the most cavalry units among all the Gaul natives and presents a large number of infantry units also. Caesar leads four legions and 800 horsemen.
During the month of June month, political critic Roman Marcus Cicero writes to his younger brother Quintus Cicero asking for a description of the new British lands from his sea journey with Caesar.
After traveling 281 land miles, for 19 days, arriving on June 20th at the modern day city of Trier, within the country of Germany. The weather conditions present an air temperature of 5 degrees Fahrenheit. The winds blow northwest at seven miles-per-hour and the humidity factor is 40 percent.
During the two day stay, on June 22nd, Prince Cingetorix is married to the daughter of King Indutiomarus and appears to Caesar offering his devotion, armies and supplies. Indutiomarus sends ambassadors and proclaims order and peace will be assured and then maintained among his peoples with Rome. So, Caesar demands 200 Treveri hostages from King Indutiomarus, who is both angered and insulted by Caesar.
Political error: Caesar created the practice of pardoning his deadly enemies even though he did not trust them. However, his smarter, blood-related nephew, Emperor Augustus Caesar did not make that same political mistake, during his long successful Roman royal reign.
However, throughout his writings, in active warfare, with the so-called barbarian Gaul leaders and natives, he continues to practice pardoning all his enemies, which in the next year, they all come back and attack more treacherous deceiving both Caesar and the Roman armies better than before. He claimed to perceive any hostile situation, before it happened, but we all knew the ending of his life force on the Ides of March, in the year 44 B.C.
Traveling back on June 23rd, arriving 20 days later on July 13th, to the new seaport Itius Portus, Caesar views 540 cargo ships and 20 Men-of-War vessels as 60 Roman ships are delayed by bad weather on the Morini coastline. At the port, a set of Gallic leaders with dubious motions at Caesar and 4,000 Roman cavalry horsemen will join the international sea voyage. The Gallic leaders act as a set of Gaul hostages for Caesar, in case of trouble with the entire Gaul villages. Aedui Chief Dumnorix is present, starts a heated argument and then escapes from Caesar. He is hunted down and then killed by the Romans.
Military move: One Gaul leader is dead.   
Waiting another two weeks for the fair weather on the coastline. Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Titus Labienus is left behind on the Calais beaches with three legions and 2,000 horsemen guarding the new seaport and maintaining the grain supply.
Military move: The seaport of Boulogne-sur-Mer is the closest sea point from the coastline of France to parallel coastline of England sailing directly 21 nautical miles heading east to west through the English Channel.
Caesar gathers 25,000 soldiers, 2,000 cavalry units on a new fleet of 540 Roman transport ships and 28 warships. This time, he had designed a fleet of new ships using the Veneti shipbuilder technology with a boarder bottom suitable for a beach landing on the shoreline.
A second flotilla of 200 Veneti merchant trade ships join the second fleet of 150 Roman supply warships sailing to the British Isles as each Veneti merchant dreams of establishing new trading items and massive money opportunities.
Military move: The newly enslaved Gaul natives continue to start rebellious revolts proving the Roman instability within the new Gaul lands.
On July 13th, in late afternoon, Caesar lands both the ships and the troops at Pegwell Bay again.
On July 17th, at the new Roman campsite, he leaves one legion of 3,600 soldiers and 300 horsemen to construct and then guard both the campsite and the floating fleet of Roman ships. 
He leads 21,400 soldiers and 1,700 horsemen marching 12 miles inland into the Middlesex town viewing a small band of Briton fighters on the River Stour arriving on July 22nd. He sets up a second Roman campsite.
From July 22nd to 27th, Briton King Cassivellaunus quickly gathers soldiers, cavalry, and chariots.
The inland Briton fighters come from the internal pasture plains of England. The coastline Briton fighters hail from Gaul (Belgium) lands, who are transplants defending the trading route from England to France. 
The coastal farms contain cattle; the natives utilize bronze coined pieces and iron tallies for monies. The metal of tin is produced in the midland; iron metal is produced on the coastline. The metal of bronze is imported from the Gaul lands. The natives do not eat wild rabbits, wild fowl or geese but keep them as pets. The natives of Britain dye their bodies in blue color, shave all their body hair except for their hairy skull bone and the upper lip and possesses numerous wives.
From July 28th to July 30th, the Briton King sends in easily evading and harassing the isolated Roman workers coming from the Roman campsite. The Briton horse chariots close in too close the Roman triple battle lines releasing a soldier and then retreat for safety at the edge of the woodlands and then attack and then retreat again.
On July 31st, the Romans finally form a tortoise-shell battle formation but finds the ancient fighting method is ineffective against the new Briton fighting style. The Briton chariots close in tossing weapons at the Roman tortoise-shaped and then releasing the soldiers for hand-to-hand fighting. Then horse chariots retreat for safety in front of the forest moving inside, picking up a tired Briton fighter and then releases a new fighter to continue the battle. The Briton fighter continue to retreat and then fight. The Roman tortoise-shell military formation finally scatters away both the chariots and the Britons into the forest setting. The Briton natives regroup within the forests at Bigbury Wood in Kent.
Military error: Caesar is unfamiliar with the new Briton landscape and calls off the pursuit establishing a new Roman campsite.
Three days later, on August 3rd, Roman Legion Infantry Commander Gains Trebonius is leading three legion and two cavalry units from the Roman campsite collecting fruits and nuts for foodstuffs and then are attacked by an army of Briton chariots and fighter. The Romans and horses charge at the Briton chariots stabbing the drivers. The Britons feint a defeat and flee the grounds. 
From August 4th to 8th, the Romans and the Britons attack each other and then retreat.
On August 15th, the next morning, a violent English Channel ocean storm has destroyed 40 Roman ships. 
On August 18th, Caesar receives the bad news of the ships and then immediately leaves the new campsite and returns to the Pegwell Bay seaport ordering his men to savage and repair all the damaged Roman ships. He also writes to Athens ordering a fleet of new Roman warships immediately.
Military error: Caesar should have both planned and prepared for any type of violent weather patterns to his sea ships coming from the English Channel seas, after experiencing the same weather events in the previous year of 55 B.C.
Arriving at the campsite on August 22nd and then for ten working days to August 31st, the soldiers repair some of the damaged ships.
On September 1st, the ship returns without additional Roman ships but bad news for Caesar regarding the death of his only child at 22 years old, daughter Julia, in childbirth. She is married to old man 52 years old, Pompey, the Great.
The next day, on September 2nd, he marches back to the River Stour crossing the waters at the only spot allowing for a footpath and finds the Briton armies on the grounds on September 6th.
King Cassivellaunus is the current warlord of northern Thames lands warring with all the local British tribes. Cassivellaunus had recently overthrew the British Kingdom of the Trinovantes and placed the royal family in exile.
On September 7th, King Cassivellaunus leads his Briton forces into several skirmishes resulting in numerous deaths of the Romans and then retreats into the woods.
On September 8th, during a forge food hunt, the Briton armies attack the soldiers. The Roman cavalry is sent out and chases the Britons from the Roman campsite. 
Two days later, on September 10th, the Roman armies march ahead. Cassivellaunus sends in 4,000 chariots and uses guerrilla warfare tactics slowing the march of the Romans.
Four days later, on September 14th, the Romans arrive at a fortified fort surrendered with rows of large upright sharpened stakes on the shoreline and underneath the waters. The far bank is defended with rows of warriors, horsemen and chariots.
For five days later, until September 19th, the Britons attack and then tease the Romans during food gathering duties.
The next day, on September 20th, a set of Trinovantes representatives arrive at the fort and offer aid and provisions to Caesar. He demands both grains and hostages. Five Briton tribes including the Cenimagni, Segontiaci, Ancaltiaci, Bibroci, and the Cassi surrender their natives to Imperator Julius Caesar and also tattle the location fort of King Cassivellaunus. He resides on a hill fort at Wheathampstead.
Three days later, on September 23rd, King Cassivellaunus unites his allies, the four kings of modern day Kent or the Latin name Canticum. Kings Cingetorix, Cavilius, Taximagulus, and Segovax and their solders-settlers are to stage a defensive posture on the beach front at the Romans; but their plan fails.
On September 24th, Briton King Cassivellaunus surrenders giving hostages and promises of an annual payment to Rome.
On September 25th, Caesar establishes Briton Prince Mandubracius from the Briton Trinovantes tribe as a new Roman client king reporting slaves and annual payment back to Rome. This new concept sizzles through the English countryside creating tiny client kingdom. The new Roman concept reign and terrifies the British natives through the country of Britain, until the Middle Ages. 
Military move: Caesar has won his first Roman victory in the British Isles against the Briton tribes extracting hostages and an annual payment to Rome, but the strange British lands do not yield gold, silver, precious gemstone or minerals or unique food or flower products. Caesar is both frustrated from the lack of nice bootie.
On September 26th, Caesar writes a letter to his annoying political critic Marcus Cicero in Athens regarding his successful military campaign and all the British spoils. Then he orders the campsite emptied and returns to Pegwell Bay.
Four days later, on September 30th, at the Pegwell Bay campsite, Caesar orders the Romans and gear inside the surviving fleet of Roman ships sailing back to French Brittany coastline, before the nasty winter weather affects his ships within the dangerous English Channel.
On September 30th, the fleet of Roman ships depart Pegwell Bay, England for Itius Portius carrying half of the soldiers and half of the Briton hostages. The shipment of cargo and personnel requires two trips across the calm English Channel waters.
Caesar summarizes in his travel journey…journey. The Briton natives are both pagan and barbarians. Each man possesses 12 different wives and exhibits other exotic social habits either blood-related or act in similar fashion to the barbarian clans of Gaul natives also. They eat the hare, the cock, and the goose and also breed them for both amusement and pleasure. They do not sow corn but live on milk and flesh and dress in animal skins. They dye their bodies in woad, a bluish hue of color, creating a terrible appearance in a battle fight.
Their hair is long and shave all body parts but their head skull and their upper lips. 
They employ a chariot for their mode of fighting. The chariot driver steers in all directions as the chariot soldier throws their weapons breaking the concentration of the enemy with the very dread of their horses and the noises of their wheels. The chariot soldiers work in between the troops of horses, leap from their chariot floors and engage on foot with the enemy. The chariot driver withdraws from the battle and watch their teammate. They display in battle the speed of the horse, the firmness of the infantry even on a declining and steep hill, checking their horses at full speed and turn them in an instant and run along the pole and stand on the yoke and celebrate their victory.
The Briton natives possess a great number of cattle and use iron rings as their native monetary currency. The metal of tin is produced from the mine lands and the thick forests contain timber of every description but beech and fir.
Political move: The spree of international trading greatly increased between the England merchants and the both the France and Roman natives, after Caesar’s introduction…invasion setting up the lands of England for a true Roman invasion in the year 46 A.D.
On the France coastline, in the cool temperatures of Calais, on October 1st, as the fleet of ships unloaded at the seaport island, Caesar travels to Samarobriva Oppidum or the modern day landlocked town of Amiens, France. Rain droughts have reduced the grain supplies and the damaged the field crops. Caesar redistributes his armies around the Gaul territories for both food and rest without caring about the starving Gaul natives.
Roman Legion Infantry Commander Gaius Fabius will reside in the Morini villages; Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Quintus Cicero will live within the Nervii lands; Roman Legion Infantry Commander Lucius Roscius will stay in the Esubii villages; and Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Titus Labienus will reside in the Remi lands. Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Publius Licinius Crassus will stay the winter months in Bibrax Oppidum. Roman Legion Infantry Commander Gaius Trebonius will reside throughout the Belgae lands. Roman Legion Infantry Lucius Munatius Plancus is sent to the Carnutes lands near the Cenabum Oppidum, where the appointed Roman appointed King Tasgetius was assassinated by the vicious Druid natives, a few months earlier.
Roman Legion Infantry Commander Quintus Titurius Sabinus is sent to the Eburones lands.
Caesar returns to Athens enjoying a three-day long Roman parade with his Briton prisoners and all the daily and nightly social parties for twenty Roman holidays.
However, within the Gaul lands, all the Gaul natives are both upset and anger with their failed crops and the forced Roman order to feed the armies of the arrogant Rome. Thus, the Gaul leaders gather and start to create Gaul revolts of defiance.
Prince Ambiorix of Eburones (Belgium) tribes resides at the Atuatuci, a castle fortress in the middle of the Eburones lands. The fortress houses all the Eburones soldiers.
The Eburones tribes contain small villages comprising both the Gaul (Belgium) natives and the Germanic (German) natives residing within the northeast region, present day countries of southern Netherlands; eastern Belgium, and the German Rhineland. The Eburones tribes are important to the neighborly Germanic tribes and are located between the Ardennes and Eifel lands in the south; north in the delta valleys between the Rhine and Meuse Rivers; east of the Atuatuci and Nervii lands; south of the Menapii lands and north of the Treveri lands. Across the Rhine River, to the east, the Sugambri tribes are neighbors.
Ancient World History moment: The mighty Treveri Kingdom protected the Eburones tribes under the Treverian ruler, King Indutiomarus. The Eburones lands held a dual kingship institution, who ruled different geographical territories, the east and the west. Thus, it was most historically and logically conclusion that King Indutiomarus had ordered his assigned royal nobles, Prince Ambiorix and King Catuvolcus, to secretly plan a surprise attack on the relaxing and resting Roman soldiers.
On October 18th, traveling 170 miles, the Roman army of 5,400 soldiers arrive on and settle into a Roman campsite wintering within the countryside of the Eburones lands under the command of national Roman war hero Quintus Titurius Sabinus. Fifteen days later, on November 2nd, in the winter months, a team of Romans are gathering wood for the fire inside the rampant campsite. The Roman campsite is attacked by Gaul warriors. The soldiers fight until the Roman cavalry arrives scattering the Gaul enemies. An ambassador of the Gaul warriors appears to Sabinus and asks for a pardon. Sabinus settles the dispute.
Two days later, on November 5th, Prince Ambiorix of Eburones appears and informs Roman Commander Sabinus the other Gaul warriors plus the German warriors are revolting and plan to attack the Roman campsite in two days, on November 7th. He smiles and offers a new plan, a safe passage through the high cliffs. Sabinus believes the lies from the Belgium prince and orders the Roman campsite packed, the protective rampant building emptied, and all his Romans to march.
The next day, at the light of day break on November 8th, Ambiorix arrives and escorts the Roman legion through a deep ravine, two miles away from the safety of the Roman campsite. The Gaul warriors attack striking both sides and the rear of the single line Roman formation. The Romans shuffle into a square defensive formation fighting with hands and weapons.
The Gaul warriors continue the fight when a Roman soldier defects from the legion and starts killing his own Roman friends. The Romans shuffle into another defensive stance for bodily protection. The Gaul fighters pulls back and then fire missiles at the Romans wounding numerous soldiers. The Gaul attacks each side of the new Roman formation and wounds more Romans, killing more.
The battle fight lasts until evening hours.

At 09:01 pm, Sabinus sees Ambiorix and then shouts for a peace talk. Ambiorix agrees if the Romans drop their weapons. Sabinus concedes the battle fight and meets with Ambiorix and his Belgium diplomatic party. Then the Gaul warriors surprisedly attack all the undefeated Romans slaughtering most of them. Some of the wounded Romans limp back to the abandoned campsite and then kill each other based on that silly suicide commitment, rather than become murdered by their enemies.
Four wounded Romans escape from the surprise attack and then dash ahead warning Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Titus Labienus, residing in the Treveri lands, of the terrible event.
Military error: Commander Sabinus did not follow the standard Roman procedures for saving a besieged legion and then he became careless with a single file formation march through unfamiliar territories within the unknown Gaul lands. His decisions and actions worked with the Gaul warriors and as the Gaul warriors murdered all the Romans.
Military move: The swift news of an Eburones victory fight quickly reaches the first crop field and then spreads to the second crop field traveling into the first Gaul village and as the anger Gaul natives start to revolt also against the group of lazy Romans too.
After killing Sabinus, the same night on November 8th, Prince Ambiorix rides to the Aduatuic Oppidum and then the Nervii Oppidum explaining his princely Gaul victory and then orders a new surprise Gaul attack on the lazy Romans.
Four days later, on November 12th, within the Nervii lands, Cicero is wintering both his horses and soldiers outside the Nervii Oppidum and is told the same fairy tale from Prince Ambiorix, but Cicero does not believe the storyline. Instead he shuts and then bolts the two rampart gates securing his campsite. The Nervii natives attack the outpost and the campsite. Cicero is stunned and sends out a Roman messenger to Caesar, who get killed. He defends the outpost repairing weak spots in the walls, setting up 120 defense towers during the night.
On November 13th, the Nervii warriors grows and continues to attack the outposts.
On November 14th, the fight battle has ceased; the Nervii leaders want a peace treaty. Cicero remarks with a firm negative address. Then the attacks from the Nervii natives again.
Three days later, on November 18th, the clever-minded Belgium warriors have captured and then tormented some of the Roman soldiers learning to duplicate a Roman a siege tower. They build a nine foot rampart with a 15 feet wide trench dirt for soldiers using their sword tips and then start to attack the Romans on top of the higher platform. 
On November 19th, a strong wind sweeps down into the battlefield and over the top of the Roman campsite. The Nervii natives take advantage of the new weather pattern and toss burning darts into the Roman campsite. The straw-roofed huts catch fire as the Nervii warriors continue to the fight and the Romans continue the battle while dousing the flames on the huts.
The Nervii siege up the Roman rampart as many rebels are killed and then hurl out Gaul missiles at the guarding Roman centurions. The Roman tower catches fire as the Romans douse the flames and continue to fight with the Nervii natives.

On November 20th, two Roman centurions dash outside the campsite compound and fight against the Nervii natives without getting wounded or killed and killing several natives, dashing back into the safety of the campsite.

Ancient World History moment: The writings from Julius Caesar detailing the heroic, or stupid, deeds from the two outrageous Roman soldiers indicate the importance of the man, not the leader. The men of the professional soldier army of Rome become either devoted or deadly to their military leader, which either wins or loses each battle fight and the overall battle war.

Back in the Nervii lands, each passing night, more of the Nervii fighters slowly quit, without defeating the Romans, and then return back home. Each Roman messenger is sent out from Commander Cicero and then is killed without getting a message of aid to Imperator Caesar. 
Finally, Cicero sends out a message concealed in a spear shaft with his Nervian slave Vertico while offering his freedom, if he can locate and find Imperator Caesar.
On November 21st, in Rome, Governor Caesar receives the terrible message from another Roman messenger and then immediately sends out two separate Roman messengers to Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Publius Crassus, who relaxes in Samarobriva Oppidum which is twenty-five miles from the Nervii lands, and Roman Legion Infantry Commander Gaius Fabius, who winters at the borders of the Atrebates lands, to leave immediately for Nervii lands. Then Caesar commands Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Titus Labienus to leave the lands of Treveri, if he can.
On November 22nd, Caesar leaves the city of Rome by Roman ship and sails 355 nautical miles to Roman town of Vaucluse or the present day Avignon arriving on November 25th. 
Vaucluse is the name of the present day Avignon within the southeastern part of modern day France. The name, Vaucluse, comes from the largest karst springs in the world.
Vaucluse is a flat valley that ends in a cliff face at the karst springs. The town is bordered by the Rhone River to the west; the Durance River to the south. Mountain ranges dominate the eastern side. Fruit and vegetables are abundance from the fertile plains nursed by the warm weather patterns.
Vaucluse is the meeting spot of three different climate zones. Durance River displays warm climate in the south. The northeast section presents alpine climate throughout the mountain ranges; continental climate in the northwest. But the prevailing weather pattern throughout the city of Vaucluse receives the Mediterranean climate of both warm air molecules and bright sunshine rays. 
The region of Orange, within the city of Vaucluse, receives 2,595 hours of sunshine each calendar year. An average of 80 days of rain falls each year for a total of 27 inches. In the hottest month of July, the air temperature is 85 degrees Fahrenheit. In the coldest month of January, the cold air is 34 degrees Fahrenheit. Strong winds attack the southern coastline with an average of 110 days in the year. The current people population for the city of Vaucluse is 559,014 in the year 2016.

On November 25th, after debarking the Roman ship, Caesar checks on the safety of the Roman-controlled Provence villages gathering a set of local Gaul horsemen as well as waiting on the Roman messengers from his three Roman commanders, Crassus, Fabius, and Labienus, for the war plan. Labienus reports that his Roman encampment stands in dangerous situation and he cannot leave with his horsemen and footmen as the Treveri army has camped three miles from the Roman campsite reading for a possible Gaul attack.
Three days later, on November 28th, Caesar decides that Roman Legion Calvary Knight Crassus is to stay at his Roman campsite near the Samarobriva Oppidum, which is the present day Amiens, within the lands of the Ambiani. Amiens is located in northern France and resides 75 miles north from the city of Paris and 62 miles southwest from the city of Lille.
The rest of the four legions are too far away from both Caesar and the Nervii lands. He gathers the one legion plus 400 Gaul horsemen and then marches on November 29th, traveling at 20 miles-per-day to reach the Nervii Oppidum, on December 26th. He learns of the deadly fate of Roman Legion Infantry Commander Sabinus and his Roman legion and then the continuous battle fight from the Nervii natives on Commander Marcus Cicero. He sends a new Roman messenger to Cicero stating Caesar is on the way and then leaves for the Nervii lands.
On December 4th, Caesar arrives and sees the Nervii warriors setting up a small campsite, several miles from Cicero’s damaged Roman campsite. He sends out the Roman cavalry units engaging in numerous non-deadly battle war skirmishes with the Nervii horsemen. 
Military move: Caesar is outnumbered nine warriors to one Roman soldier and calls for his army to retreat from the battlefield and return back to their campsite pretending to become both confused and afraid. 
The Nervii natives become confused too and the clearly delighted attacking the new rampant doors, firing missiles into the Roman campsite. Caesar announces if the enemy surrenders than there is not harm. No one surrenders and continues to assault the Roman property. Then the two wooden gates are open. The Roman cavalry charges ahead and starts to kill numerous Nervii warriors. The Nervii natives rush into the marshes and the woodlands for bodily protection. Caesar is both frustrated and dissatisfied with the unsuccessful feint and then marches ahead towards the rescue of Roman Commander Cicero, his legions, and his damaged rampant.
Three days later, on December 7th, Cicero and his surviving men see the plumes of smoke indicating burning village huts and crop fields that Caesar is coming to the rescue. The rest of the Nervii warriors exit the battlefield without engaging Caesar. Caesar enters the damaged Roman campsite finding 360 survivors of the legion, only ten percent of the Roman legion. Over 3,260 soldiers are dead. 
Military move: From the dates of November 12th to December 7th, for four long weeks, the Nervii fighters had continued to assault the campsite and then was able to kill almost an entire legion of Romans.
Military error: The numerous successful Gaul revolts have destroyed two Roman legions and killed numerous legion Commanders. This act proves once again Rome…naw…Caesar is not in control of the so-called conquered ancient Gallic lands, leaders, natives, and warriors.
When the news of another Roman victory for Caesar, again, against the revolt of the Nervii warriors reaches the Remi lands, 60 miles away, updating Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Titus Labienus, his legion soldiers celebrate with relieved joy. King Indutiomarus abandons his Gaul attack plans and then shuffles his Treveri army away from the Roman encampment for another day of battle.
Within the lands of Veneti, on the western coastline, the Veneti natives rumble the new of a planned Gaul attack on the Roman encampment site under the leadership of Roman Legion Infantry Commander Lucius Roscius but cancel their Gaul plans waiting for another day to battle also.
On December 9th, Caesar marches from the Nervii lands with his footmen and horsemen and Roman Legion Infantry Commander Gaius Fabius with his legion wintering at the borders of the Atrebates lands. For the rest of the days in the cold month of December, he calls and meets with various Gaul leaders from each oppidum to frighten into bodily fear or woo into Roman friendship as he tattles the knowledge of their planned revolt and rebellion against Rome.
However, a few civil wars occur within the Gaul lands.
In the lands of Carnutes, the headquarters of the Druid clan, the Gaul town is called Cenabum, which is the present day town of Orleans, within the country of France. The town of Cenabum lies between the fertile lands of the Sequana (Seine) and Liger (Lorie) Rivers. The fertile land grows wheat, which is exported to Rome.
Ancient World History moment: In the year 58 B.C., Caesar appoints a Roman king over both the lands and natives of Cenabum, where the valuable grain shipments continuous flow to the countryside of Rome.
Cenabum is also the heart and soul of the Gaul religion ceremonies, which are conducted by the Druid. The Druid clan is both a mysterious and mystic cult of men and females who believe the Soul passes from one human into another human, after the act of death.
From a business perspective, the natives of Cenabum also mint their golden coins with tin mineral coming from the British Isles for trade. The lands of Carnutes is also under the protection of the Remi leaders.
After the assassination of the Roman appointed King Tasgetius, Caesar places a Roman overseer, who ensures the grain supply train follows the Roman armies, when Caesar raids all the Gaul villages over and over again. The natives of Cenabum do not like the Roman authority, oversee Gaius Fufius Cita and all the Roman merchants and then perform a bloody massacre on all the Roman citizens on February 13th.
Caesar and his five legions march from the Atrebates lands towards the Carnutes lands and attack all the natives and villages. The citizens rush towards the river waters and either drown or become slaughtered by the Romans. All the men are killed; all the surviving women and children become slaves. The city is burned down to the ground and left in ruins where two legions of Roman live for the rest of the year.
Ancient World History moment: Decades later, the burnt and abandoned town of Cenabum is later rebuilt by Rome and then becomes the Catholic dioceses for the French cities of Chartres, Orleans, and Blois.
In the land of Senones, the natives try to murder the Roman appointed king but fail. Caesar learns of the deceit and marches two days later to Agedincum Oppidum. The Senones leader immediately surrenders, again, to Caesar. He asks for hostages coming from the Senones leaders. He sends them to Rome as prisoners.
Except for the lands and leaders from the alliances of the Aedui and the Remi, Imperator Julius Caesar is suspecting and suspicious of everyone, everything, and everywhere.
In the lands of Treveri, northeastern region, King Indutiomarus tries to entice the German tribes across the Rhine River as his ally against Caesar, but his new plan fails.
Death toll: Gaul army and natives are 20,000; Roman army is 10,000.
This is the conclusion of Book V within the Gallic Wars, the writing from Julius Caesar.

This is the beginning stories from Book VI of the Gallic Wars, written by Julius Caesar.
The Gaul leaders and natives are very happy about the successful revolts in later 54 B.C. against both Caesar and the Roman armies. They continue to plan for war, in secret.
Before the winter season ends, and the warm weather appears, Caesar uses his same military campaign starting to quell and quiet all the Gaul natives into his submission while forestalling any type of future resistance or revolt or rebellion against him or Rome. His army is down from nine legions to seven. He borrows one legion from General Pompey, the Great and raises another legion from Rome totaling 32,400 footmen, 4,000 horsemen, and 3,600 archers marching towards the Nervii lands first.
Military move: Warring before usual military campaign season of March inflicts a psychological victory for his Romans and a defeat for his enemies. Caesar had deflated the western coastline last year. This new calendar year, he plans to defeat the eastern portion of Gaul rebels, within the Gaul lands, so each side is both deflated, not thinking about a war with Rome. 
Caesar assaults all the Nervii villages first raiding the lands, burning the houses, stealing livestock, and taking prisoners. The Nervii leaders surrender to Caesar again. Then he marches to the Druid Headquarters in the Carnutes lands towards the Cenabum Oppidum. Then he retreats back with his legions back to the Atrebates lands resting the spring season and warmer weather.
In the month of April, Caesar swiftly marches his 40,000 and invades the Eburones lands finding the terrain filled with thickets of woods and wet swamps, so he orders the slaughtering every man, woman, and child, the burning of all the villages, robbing of all the livestock, stealing of all the grain, melting down all their mined gold coins, and destroying all the food crops and as each hidden and surviving Eburones native will starve to death during the winter months. Caesar wipes out an entire Gaul tribe. King Catuvolcus, who rules the half of the Eburones natives, hears of the Roman slaughters and then commits suicide by eating a poison yew plant. Prince Ambiorix flees his homelands and arrives with his cavalry units at the remote region of farmlands within the Ardennes lands.
Ancient World History moment: The German tribe Tungri appears and then claims the burnt lands and villages from the missing Eburones natives living there. The physical terrain of the landscape provides a frightened Eburones native time to flee and hide in the low mountain ranges of the Ardennes lands or the wet swamps of the Menapii lands or inside one of the coastal forests of the Morini lands. So, maybe, a few scared, hidden, surviving German and Belgium (Eburones) natives have assembled with the new German tribes.
At the same time, within the Treveri (Belgium) lands, Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Titus Labienus is wintering both his horses and soldiers, when King Indutiomarus, his cavalry troops and thousands of German warriors arrive standing at the bottom of the hilltop. Labienus orders his troops to march half-way down the hill and then stops gasping in shock, retreating back to the Roman rampart while pretending he is scared of the Gaul army. The Gaul warriors rush up the towards the hilltop but become exhausted from the effort. Then the Romans attack and slaughter the Gaul fighters including King Indutiomarus.
Military move: Titus Labienus is the same age as Julius Caesar. Titus demonstrates both military initiative and high intelligence handling each military attack with the clever band of Treveri natives, resulting in a Roman victory for him, his legions, and his homeland of Rome.
So, two successful Gaul revolts have destroyed two Roman legions and killed numerous Legion Commanders which once again proves Rome…Caesar is not in control of the new Roman-conquered and non-occupied Gaul lands.
Caesar once again implements the same military campaign quelling the Gaul natives while forestalling any type of future resistance or revolt or rebellion. He controls 50,000 soldiers and marches in the heated warmed temperatures assaulting all the Nervii villages first raiding the lands, burning the houses, stealing livestock, and taking prisoners. The Nervii leaders surrender to Caesar again. Caesar races ahead the Agedincum Oppidum within the Senones lands. The Senones leaders and natives quickly surrender to Imperator Caesar.
Political point: The independent Gaul tribes are not civilized nation, such as, the Roman citizens, leaders, commanders, and culture; but represent numerous migrant tribes living outdoors, fighting for food, fighting for new lands, and fighting for survival, without thinking of inflicting pain and suffering towards another Gaul tribe.
However, a single tribe can survive in the forests but have troubles in a battle fight against an army of both paid and trained professional soldiers, such like, the Romans. Caesar has the strength; the Gaul natives have the bravery.
Before leaving a band of battle-weary and worried Gaul natives and all their dead and not buried soldiers, Caesar tears into the German lands again, learning they have aided both the Eburones and Treveri tribes. He quickly builds a wooden bridge in ten days and then crosses the Rhine Rivers for a second time. 
Military move: Caesar uses the idea of building a wooden bridge, so his whole army components are not split into two or more smaller bands of fighters, in the Gaul case, a surprise enemy attack, such like, some Romans standing on the river bank; some other Romans standing on the opposite river bank and the other Romans sitting inside a boat. Those three military situations will destroy a fluid army and win the battle fight for the opponent.
Across the cold river waters, Caesar quickly attacks all the villagers, burns the huts, and kills the livestock, until his grain supply fails. Then he withdraws again without engaging a single German soldier. His Roman army rest and refresh within the newly conquered Gaul lands of the Senones and the Treveri and the Roman ally lands of Lingones.
The Andematunnum Oppidum resides within the Lingones geographical regions. The Lingones natives and leaders are an ally to Rome. Their geographical lands are located within the center of France and then slightly below the two land regions of the Senones and the Sequani. The Andematunnum Oppidum is the location of the present day Langres. The oppidum stands on top of a limestone rock promontory overlooking the Marne Valley to the east and the north; the Bonnelle Valley to the west and is an open plateau to the south.

Ancient World History moment: The Suebi, the Tencteri, and the Usipetes, these three Germanic (German) tribes are located across the Rhine River and as the natives reside, within the Germanic lands, without a permanent town. The tribesmen and women form a wandering settlement throughout their territory. That type of nomad living makes it very difficult for Caesar and his Romans to find and then exterminate all the annoying Germanic rebels. Which is interesting here, as those ancient lands become the future country boarder of present day Germany.

Death toll: Both natives and soldiers from numerous Gaul and German villages total 60,000; Roman army is 1,000.
This is the conclusion of Book V of Gallic Wars from the writing of Julius Caesar.

This is the beginning of Book VI of the Gallic Wars, written by Imperator Julius Caesar.
In the year 53 B.C., all the Gaul natives fear for their farm prosperity and the Druid clan members fear for their holy lands, when Caesar declares all the Gaul new territories a new Roman Province, for the Roman Republic.
In the month of March, on the 30th, Caesar proclaims a spring meeting convention inviting all the Gaul leaders for a committee love, peace, and harmony at the first Roman Spring Business Convention.
Political move: Caesar wants to know the Gaul tribes, who are his allies.


Present day, space, place, and time, inside the rear compartment of the parked limousine, Magritte laughed with an unladylike timber then commented. “Well, I do believe that Imperator Caesar is still suspecting and suspicious of all the Gaul natives, their leaders, and their armies. So, he had planned and implemented the first international business convention of exclusive working men, without the war machines!”

All Gaul tribal leaders are required to attend, the first Roman Spring Business Convention, at the Lutetia Oppidum.

She frowned then inquired. “What and where is the Lutetia Oppidum? I haven’t seen that proper name during my four hours of internet research,” she looked up and then turned presenting a sour frown at the side window. The rain had stopped but her transport was not moving in any direction among the wet and flooded city streets. The other transports were not moving either. “Geez, Louie! I should turn around and go back home. I’ll never make my scheduled appointment, before seven in the evening. My hair salon closes the doors at six pm.”  She pressed the speaker button.
The driver spoke first with a rude tone and a nasty attitude, “The city streets are still flooded with low waters. We ain’t going nowhere.” He cut off the volume speaker.
She frowned with annoyance and then sneered at closed partition holding her rental driver. He was getting fired at the end of her day, which ever came first, her hair appointment or her arrival back to the manor. She continued to sneer then snarl and then stuck her tongue tip at the partition, wiggling it up and down like a child. She sucked her tongue back into her mouth and then giggled with silliness looking down, typing on the keyboard. She gasped in shock reading out loud the new information. “Paris! The Lutetia Oppidum is the present day location of Paris, the famous ‘City of Lights.’ The name references the role of Paris in the Age of Enlightenment and the introduction of gas street lights on the boulevards and monuments, in the year 1829. By the 1860 A.D., 56,000 gas lamps resided on the streets in Paris. Paris is both a famous and infamous world city housing numerous social and civil conventions and huge international organizations including the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization or UNESCO; the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development or OECD; the European Space Agency, the International Energy Agency, the European Securities and Markets Authority, and the European Banking Authority.” She continued to read in silence wearing a bright smile of intrigue.

During the year 53 B.C., the Gaul (French) tribes of Parisii lived in the Lutetia Oppidum, on the left bank of the Seine River. The soil landscape was composed of several free standing islands and numerous sandbanks at the bend of the river. The Lutetia Oppidum was governed by a king. Historically, the city of Paris has always been governed by a king or an emperor or a president of France. The Parisii tribesmen, women, and children became the future natives living in the modern city of Paris. The word Lutetia comes from the Celtic root word meaning marsh or swamp.
The Parisii natives are a sub-tribe of the Senones Celtic natives, who resides south.
At the meeting place of both land and water, the Parisii natives traded goods with numerous river town down to the Iberian Peninsula and they minted their own gold coins. The trade route crossed north to south on the Seine River.
After the Roman conquest, the Lutetia Oppidum, in the year 52 B.C., within the Paris Basin, the right bank of the Seine River exhibited marshland. So, the numerous implanted Romans lived on the left bank of the river developing a new city layout with a public forum, an array of public hot baths, Roman god and goddess temples, an entertainment amphitheater for Roman poems and plays.
The city of modern day Paris is located in the northern portion of central France. The Seine River bends in a northern arc flowing through two separate islands, the right side is called the Ile Saint-Louis and the left side is named the Ile de la Cite. Ile de la Cite is the oldest landscape of the city.
The mouth of the Seine River flows 233 miles downstream from the city limits of Paris into French named La Manche or the English Channel.
The city grid occupies both banks on the river creating a flat layout. The lowest landscape stands 115 feet above sea level. Paris presents several hilltops. Montmartre is the highest summit at 427 feet tall.
The city grid displays a geometric oval-shape measuring 42 square miles and is enclosed by a 22 mile ring-shaped paved roadway named the Boulevard Périphérique surrounding two forest parks known as the Bosi de Boulogne and the Bois de Vincennes.
Paris is 450 miles southwest from London, England; 178 miles south from the Calais seaport, 190 miles southwest from Brussels, Belgium; 481 miles north of Marseille, France; 239 miles northeast from Nantes and 84 miles southwest from Rouen, France.
Paris exhibits an oceanic climate zone affected by the North Atlantic Current. The climate pattern is mild and wet. The summer months present fair sunshine, warm air, and a pleasure environment with an average air temperature of 65 degree Fahrenheit.
The spring and autumn months feature mild days and crisp nights.
In the winter months sunshine is scarce. The days are cool; the nights are cold. The air temperature averages 37 degrees Fahrenheit with light frost on the ground and sometimes snow flurries that does not stick around the soil.
The average annual precipitation is 25.2 inches of rain throughout the calendar year.
Amazingly, the overcrowded tightly controlled and housed international city of 2,000,000 with 21,000 people per square mile, Paris has never been destroyed by a Mother Nature catastrophe or a man-made war. The city layout has remained unchanged since the year 1860 A.D. and the local French government officials have been governing both the city of Paris and its suburbs since the year 1790 A.D.
On April 9th, in the year 1956, the French leadership placed and then dedicated an iron gray-tinted sculpture statue in the shape of a standing wolf to the city of Rome, Italy. The signage below reads below: Only Paris is worthy of Rome; only Rome is worthy of Paris.
The city of Paris twins with the capital of the United States of America, Washington District of Columbia.
The city of Paris is the 2nd largest municipality of 6,500,000 people, within the European Union following the international cities of London, England with 8,000,000 people; Berlin, Germany with 3,500,000 people, then Madrid, Spain, and finally Rome, Italy.
Paris is the number one densely populated city in the European Union with 21,616 people-per-one square mile.
The economy of Paris has shifted from industry to technology services in finance and computer programming and manufacturing of electronics, optics, aerospace equipment.
The Paris railway station is the busiest on the European continent.
The city of Paris is the busiest underground subway network in the European Union carrying 5,230,000 passengers daily through 16 subway lines, 3030 subway stations with 385 city stops covering 136.70 miles of rails.
The Paris airport is the busiest in Europe and the 5th busiest in the world flying 96,500,000 airline passengers traveling to the countries of Italy, Spain, United States of America, Germany, United Kingdom, China, Morocco, Portugal and Algeria.
Paris exhibits 270 miles of bicycle pathways and routes throughout the city.
A week later, on April 7th, all the Gaul tribes accepts the Roman invitation to the first Roman Spring Business Convention but the four specific stubborn Gaul tribes comprising the Senones, the Carnutes, the Treveri, and the Menapii. 

On April 8th, Caesar travels forth and then establishes a campsite in Parisii, within the Lutetia lands first, seeing all the Gaul representatives. Then on April 12th, he marches ahead and arrives two days later on April 14th to the lands of Senones. The Senones leader Acco becomes alarmed and pleads clemency to Caesar and as the Carnutes leader does the same. Caesar pardons them, taking all their cavalry units, and accepts 100 hostages from each Gaul tribe.

On April 25th, Caesar travels northwesterly to the Menapii lands with four Roman legions. The Menapii leaders also had worked with Prince Ambiorix with the Gaul revolt and recruiting the foreign German tribes into battle fight with Caesar.

On April 30th, the Menapii natives are unorganized for a battle fight with the Romans and then flee their villages into the woodlands setting. Caesar sends three Roman legions into the lands burning the buildings, capturing both the cattle and natives and forcing the natives to surrender. They submit to Rome rule once again on May 2nd. Caesar makes Commius, the new king of both the Atrebates and the Menapii lands.
At the same time, on May 3rd, the Treveri warriors even without their dead king gather forces and plan an assault on the established Roman rampart. Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Titus Labienus uses the same plan of Caesar, pretending a frightful run back into the rampant. The natives become bolder and then attack the rampart on May 5th. Titus releases both the footmen and the horsemen at the unsuspecting natives killing some, chasing the others away.
Fifteen miles away, the Treveri warriors learn of the additional legions coming to aid Roman Commander Titus while both waiting and watching the upcoming action. However, Titus is more clever learning of his enemy’s position. On May 7th, taking 25 cohorts and some cavalry horsemen, leaving the five cohorts with the Roman siege equipment at the established Roman campsite. He halts his march and camps across the river bank while waiting and watching his enemy.
Military move: This military move is a psychology ploy on the enemy. Some of the warriors will flee the campsite before the upcoming battle fight, seeking the safety of the woodlands.
Either force starts an attack.
Military move: That night, he instructs all his men to create lots of noise, like they are packing up the war gear and setting to move the campsite, leaving the area.

On May 9th, evening hours, the soldiers start to move away from the campsite. The Treveri warriors attack. Titus orders all the armed Romans to spin around and assault the Gaul warriors. Then the Roman cavalry units appear and then defeat the Treveri rebels. The Treveri army surrenders.
The next day, on May 10th, the preparing German warriors hear of the defeat and march to King Cingetorix and then surrender in peace to Caesar.
During the Treveri rebel incident, after traveling from the Menapii lands and then halting at the Rhine River, building a new bridge, on May 18th, Caesar crosses the waters, leading a guard unit in the Treveri lands, arriving in the Ubii lands. The Ubii leaders are loyal to Rome and tattle on the Suebi tribe. The Suebi warriors are planning an ambush with their footmen and horsemen on the Roman army and are hiding within the Bacenis Forest. Caesar decides not to attack the hidden Suebi tribe but places 12 cohorts under the command of Gaius Volcatius Tullus watching the Suebi natives and rebels, within the Ubii lands.
On May 20th, Caesar continues marching through the Ardennes forest sending out Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Lucius Minucius Basilus and his cavalry units ahead searching for Prince Ambiorix. Caesar encounters both tribal leaders from the Segni and the Condrusi, who reside between the regions of the Eburones and the Treveri lands. The Gaul leaders state they are not part of this war and are not the enemies of Rome. Caesar demands that all Eburones natives who live in these lands come to him and then he will not harm the lands or the natives. 
Then Caesar divides his army into three units staging an assault force within a Roman campsite, in case, Prince Ambiorix shows in that particular geographical region. One unit is under the command of Roman Legion Infantry Commander Titurius Aurunculeins and stays at the Roman siege equipment at the Aduatuca Oppidum from 54 B.C., in the middle of the Eburones lands. The second unit is led by Cicero with 200 cavalry units towards other forestlands. The third unit is headed by Titus Labienus and Gaius Trebonius to another section of the woodlands. 
Caesar orders his commanders to stay in the lands for seven days then he will return. On May 21st, he leads three legions seeking both Prince Ambiorix and the hidden Celtic, Belgic, and German warriors. The enemy hides well.
Political move: Caesar acts like a politician and tattles to the German natives to plunder, loot, and steal all the goods from the Eburones villages.
Military error: Caesar invites the enemy into his Roman lands.
On May 23rd, over 2,000 Sugambri horsemen use 30 wooden rafts crossing the Rhine River waters, looting each Eburones village. One Eburones prisoner tattles about the grand treasure at the Aduatuca Fort.
Seven days later, on May 30th, at the nameless campsite within the woods, no Roman solider is allowed to depart from the established secret encampment. Roman Cavalry Knight Cicero is tired of hearing the whiny noise from all his soldiers and allows one cohort of 360 men to forge for wheat and then grants permission to 300 soldiers to leave the encampment for something else. The German warriors rush from the woodland and enter the encampment killing the soldiers in their sleep. Each Roman soldier fights to the death, until Roman Legion Infantry Commander Gains Trebonius arrives scattering the enemy forces, saving most of lives of the Romans and also the Roman campsite. The German warriors return back into the forest and collect their bootie heading home. The other surviving Romans, under the leadership of Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Marcus Cicero, are afraid and then whine about the terror, until Imperator Caesar arrives.
Caesar is both anger and mad blaming Commander Cicero for his stupid command order and then marches to the other Gaul villages burning all the huts and crop fields, without finding Prince Ambiorix or the Gaul warriors. He marches the five legions to Durocortorum Oppidum within the Remi lands and then calls a new summer Roman Second Business Convention with all the Gaul leaders. He interrogates the Senones and Carnutes leaders as they accuse the rebel leader Acco of the revolt crime. Then Acco is flogged to death by the Roman soldiers.
Then Caesar assigns winter quarters for his five legions throughout the Belgium lands and leaves for Rome.
Death toll: Both Gaul and German tally is 10,000; Roman army is 400.
This is the conclusion of Book VI within the Gallic Wars, the writing written by Julius Caesar.



Present day, space, place, and time, inside the rear bench seat of her rented transport, Magritte gasped in shock then remarked. “That man is nastier than Satan. He must be the step-son of Satan, too boot, which explains both his motives and his missions.”


This is the beginning adventures of Book VII from the Gallic Wars which is written by Julius Caesar.
In the year 52 B.C., in the city of Rome, the Roman Senate has enlisted new recruits into the Roman army. Governor Caesar resides there and plans to add new recruits to his five Roman legions. However, the Roman spies for the Gaul leaders learn of the same information and pass along to leadership that Caesar is detained living in Rome as all the Gaul natives still fear for their farm prosperity and the Druid clan members still fear for their holy lands.
The Druid clan is a spiritual cult of devoted peoples living in the center of the Celtic lands which originated from the British Isles Briton culture. The Druid leaders settle disputes, judge all crimes on criminals and assigns a penalty. The Gaul natives that refuse the Druid decisions are banned from the Gaul lands and receive no legal protection from their enemies.
A Druid member neither fights in a battle nor pays a tax on the land property. Each member spins 20 years learning the Druid lore keeping and holding all the secrets of the Druid clan. They believe that the Soul passes into another body, when the human dies. They worship the statue objects from the Roman gods of Mercury, Apollo, Mars, Jupiter, and Minerva. If a Gaul native steals a god or goddess religious object, the Gaul is punished by torture.
A son does not live with his father, when his father wars with the enemy, until the age of military duty. The Gaul religious is a man system. The man has the right of power over both the woman and the children. If a Gaul male dies suspiciously of death, the wife is both tortured and then murdered.
A Gaul funeral includes a great fire of woods where everything and everyone is burned, including all the live animals, the slaves, and the dependents.
Within a German tribe, the natives are not labeled as a Druid person or perform any animal or person sacrifices. They accept the sun, the mon, and the fire as their three German pagan gods. Each tribe member hunts, participates in warfare, and wanders around and then temporarily settles a village within the rural countryside, each year, without establishing a permanent home. In wartime, each war officer determines the life and death of each soldier and every native. In peacetime, the local leader handles all disputes. If an appointed leader does not accept the leadership responsible, then their action is declared as a treasonous act and then the native is killed.
In the month of December, before the springtime season, during the winter months, a typical weather pattern presents sweeping cold winds, 41 degrees Fahrenheit daytime air temperatures, 3.5 hours of dull sunlight, 84 percent humidity factor and then 36 degrees nighttime air molecules. There are 10 rainy days within the month producing an average of inches of rain puddles or snowflakes covering the grounds.
On December 1st, both the Druid clan leadership and the Gaul leaders meet in secret. They are still upset about the terrible death of the Aedui rebel leader Acco and also find his death punishment a nasty act by Imperator Julius Caesar. They learn that Caesar is located in Athens. This the time and season to attack the Romans. They all agree to support each other, without the physical exchange of hostages, and both quickly and quietly prepare for war with the Romans.
The two Carnutes military leaders are Cotuatus and Conconnetodumnus agreeing to start the Gaul attack first.
Military error: Each Gaul leader should have formed a Gaul army and attacked the resting Roman legions in each occupied town killing them in death. Then Imperator Julius Caesar would have no soldiers sleeping or eating alive within the Gaul lands.
At sunrise, on December 3rd, under the leadership of Cotuatus and Convictolitanis, the Carnutes warriors directly attack the two Roman legions living within the remnants of the burnt town of Cenabum, killing all the Romans, looting all the Roman supplies and liberating their fellow natives. The good news of the first Gaul victory quickly spreads from crop field to crop field by evening reaching the lands of Arverni, which is 160 miles away.
Within the Arverni lands include the tribes of Gabail, Vellavii, and Cadurci consisting of 400,000 inhabitants. The capital town, Arverni Oppidum houses 150,000 citizens.
The Arverni lands contain mines of gold, silver and precious metals, cattle, and sheep herds creating wealthy tribes within the lower portion of modern day France. 
Within the Arverni lands, the son of a former and deceased chieftain is named Vercingetorix. Vercingetorix is well pleased with the Gaul success and quickly recruits other young and old Gaul rebels into a war fight with the Romans.
His father Celtillus had tried to seize the power authority among the Arverni natives but was put to death by the natives. Thus, his son Vercingetorix is a social outcast. 
On December 4th, Vercingetorix desires to gamble both his name and his reputation with a Gaul victory. However, his Uncle Gobannitio tries to stop his nephew by driving the man out of town. But all other the natives drive the Arverni leaders out of town first. Vercingetorix assumes the leadership role as his name implies, the king. He appears to the rebels wearing body armor with silver and copper work. The other Gaul leaders accept Vercingetorix as the prime rebel leader. And most importantly, the Druid Clan votes and then accepts Vercingetorix as the new rebel leader too. His first command, all the hostages, warriors, and weapons are delivered to him in the lands of Arverni. He holds the sons and daughters from each king within a tribe as a treasure of the king’s loyalty, not mutiny.
The Arverni lands is located below the Lingones lands and above the Roman Provence, slightly west of the Swiss Alp Mountain range.
Military error: Rural farmer and social outcast Vercingetorix does not have military experience and does not know which Gaul tribes are either his allies or enemies.
His second command, if the Gaul tribal leader does not obey, then he will be killed. The rebel army swiftly grows in both men and weapons. Bold and daring King Lucterius from the Cadurci tribe and all his native warriors bring a band of new Gaul fighters consisting of the Senones, Parisii, Pictones, Turones, Aulerci and Lemovices.
Vercingetorix’s third command, King Lucterius will march to the land of Ruteni to capture and hold all the Gaul lands above the Roman Provence, before Julius Caesar arrives there first. Lucretius also is to gather both warriors and food items.
His fourth command, the other armies of Gaul warriors under his command march to the lands of Bituriges Cubi, who are alliance with Rome. Vercingetorix plans to capture the southern Gaul lands, before Julius Caesar comes. Vercingetorix wants to gather both aid and warriors. He starts his march on December 6th.
The region of Bituriges Cubi resides in the southeastern side of modern day country of France. The Avaricum Oppidum is located in modern day city of Bourges and resides west of the Aedui lands; south of the Carnutes lands; north of the Pictones, Lemovices, and Arverni lands and east of the Turones.
The other oppida locations, within the Bituriges Cubi lands, include Arvernum, Levroux, and Noviodunum.
Also, the natives and leaders from the Bituriges Cubi lands are the clients of the Aedui leadership and serve as part of the Aedui Gaul confederation.
The Gaul leaders from the Avaricum Oppidum send their Gaul ambassadors to the Aedui lands, a loyal Roman ally. The Aedui leadership, under the command of one legion from Rome, send both the Aedui footmen and horsemen to aid the Bituriges Cubi natives marching to the Loire River bank and then halt without advancing. They are surrounded by still Gaul warriors from the Bituriges Cubi lands and the Arvernti lands. The Bituriges Cubi fighters spin around return back to their oppidum saying the Bituriges Cubi warriors are too powerful to war.
Military move: The Aedui might be protecting their own people plus supporting the other Gaul tribes for freedom from Rome.
On the same day, Rebel General, King Lucterius leaves the Avaricum Oppidum and starts his march due east through the Arverni lands then enters the region of Ruteni, collecting both warriors and supplies.
Five days later, on December 11th, he is advancing with the new Gaul army into the lands of the Nitiobriges and Gabail heading towards the Narbo Province.
On December 12th, in the city of Athens, the hot news of a successful new Gaul revolt, the killing of all the Roman legions at the Cenabum Oppidum, and a new Gaul army has reached the eardrums of Julius Caesar. He rushes onto a Roman boat and arrives two days later on December 14th, at the sea town of Vaucluse.
Military move: Caesar does not want to alert the Gaul rebels of his presence within the Gaul lands as he is without his legion forces and it is dangerous for his person without military protection. So, he plans to sneak around region lands secretively contacting all his resting legions, gathering up his army for the ultimate surprise attack on each oppidum and Gaul natives.
Caesar rushes to the Roman ally town of Vienna arriving the evening of December 15th gathering all the German soldiers and their cavalry, who are paid to protect the city as his first army for Rome.
His first command is collecting his personal envoy consisting of German footmen and horsemen as well as numerous recruited local Gaul footmen heading to the Agedincum Oppidum, in the lands of Senones, where two Roman legions rest and wait on their Roman general plus he will get both foodstuffs and supplies.
However, his Gaul spies have reported that King Lucterius is marching northeasterly towards the Narbo Province. Caesar decides to march his German cavalry units and local Gaul warriors to the land of Ruteni. On December 18th, he arrives at the Volcae Arecomici Province, within the country of Narbo and then collects more local Gaul fighters heading towards the Helvetii lands for additional local Gaul fighters for Rome. However, his Gaul spies have informed Caesar that the Gaul army under King Lucterius is approaching the same province. Caesar marches his local fighters into the Cevennes Mountain range trying to confront the Gaul army, but the mountain foothills are filled with six-foot high snow banks. He orders the fighters to clear the snow bank and then attack the Gaul army in the valley, while he leaves the mountainous passage and dashes back to Vienne, Switzerland.
On December 19th, the semi-labeled Roman army comprising the German cavalry horsemen and local Gaul fighters break through the last snow bank peeking a view at the stalled forces under the leadership of King Lucterius and his Gaul fighters. Lucterius sends a Gaul messenger to Rebel leader, King Vercingetorix for his armies and his help in the valley floor of the tall and snowy Cevennes Mountains.
On December 20th, at the Gergovia Oppidum, which is 185 acres of enclosed landscape and the capital city of Boii tribe. The location of the ancient Gergovia Oppidum is also the modern day town of Clermont-Ferrand. Within the lands of the Bituriges Cubi, during the Siege of Boii, a Gaul messenger arrives from King Lucterius asking for help against the Romans. So, Vercingetorix stops the battle fight on the Boii natives and then gathers his army marching towards the Cevennes Mountain range.
On December 21st, King Lucterius decides to retreat without a fight but a flight with the Gaul rebel army as the natural wild animals are greatly disappointed with their lack of a yummy evening dinner meal. 
December 22nd, the Roman army break through the snow banks and advances over the regions without destruction but creating a panic among the Gaul natives, marching ahead towards the Arvernti lands.
Arriving on December 24th, traveling throughout the long days and nights, he arrives in the city of Vienna gathering a fresh group of Roman cavalry units that have been sent from Athens. He marches due north to the Lingones lands first and then the Aedui lands collecting his two legions of rested Roman soldiers and horses.
On the same day, Vercingetorix encounters a new Gaul messenger that King Lucterius has retreated away from the Cevennes Mountain range, so Vercingetorix spins around and heads toward the Bituriges Cubi lands, not returning to attack the Gergovia Fort.
Two days later, on December 26th, Caesar learns from his Gaul spies and is distressed by the retreating armies of Vercingetorix. He usually knows his enemy but does not know Vercingetorix. He marches ahead towards his two legions and gathers up the other Roman legions spinning around, heading to the lands of the Senones first on December 30th.
In the month of January, before the springtime season, during the winter months, a typical weather pattern in the center region of the modern day country of France presents sweeping cold winds, 39 degrees Fahrenheit daytime air temperatures, three hours of dull sunlight, 84 percent humidity factor and then 35 degrees nighttime air molecules. There are nine rainy days within the month producing an average of 2.77 inches of rain puddles covering the grounds.
On January 6th, Caesar arrives at the town of Vellanuodunum, the present day town of Montargis, within the Senones lands and then establishes his Roman campsite. The Senones leadership and natives are part of the Gaul rebellion too.
On the second and third day of his encounter with the town from the time periods of January 7th to the 8th, he forms a circumvallation of curved lines surrounding the outer wooden protection walls of the town.
A circumvallation line is a deep trench of dirt protecting his first string warriors, who get tired and then protects the second string of fighting Romans.
On his fourth day of encounter at the oppidum, on January 9th, the leaders of the oppidum become scared and then peacefully without deaths surrender to Imperator Caesar. He demands all the weapons, all the grazing cattle, and 600 Gaul hostages. Then he leaves an undamaged town and crosses the Loire River marching due south to the Cenabum Oppidum within the Carnutes lands. The Carnutes lands reside in the middle portion of France on the southern end several thousands of miles from the borderline of the modern country of Spain.
On January 11th, Caesar arrives at the Cenabum Oppidum and establishes a Roman campsite. For two days, from January 12th to 13th, he waits and observes the town activities. On January 14th, at night, he observes all the male Cenabum Gaul rebels leaving the town, who race ahead to join the approaching Gaul rebel army.
On the morning, of January 15th, he attacks burning the gates of the city into opening the decorative wooden planks and then raids the town taking Gaul hostages. Then he marches ahead with his legions and the hostages leaving another burning town, rushing towards the Bituriges Cubi lands. Caesar plans to meet and then conquer King Vercingetorix for the first and last time.
On January 18th, Vercingetorix does not return to attacks the Gergovia fort for a second time but decides to face Caesar and his Roman legions for the first time at the Noviodunum Oppidum.
The Noviodunum Oppidum is located in the south-center of France in the lands of the Senones.
On January 21st, Caesar arrives at the Noviodunum Oppidum then the leaders surrender to the Roman general. On the horizon, the Gaul army appears with King Vercingetorix.
The Gaul natives start to attack Cesar and his romans. Cesar flees the oppidum seeking high grounds, sending out his Roman army to engage the Gaul footmen. The fight starts. Caesar sends in the Roman cavalry units.
King Vercingetorix becomes overwhelmed with the battle fight and all the horsemen losing the battle then quickly retreats from the active battlefield. He leads back into the woodlands leaving the natives and the town to Imperator Caesar.
After the terrible Gaul defeat and the battle lost, the Gaul leaders from the Noviodunum Oppidum are presented and then pardoned by Imperator Julius Caesar. Then he burns down all the villager huts, destroys all the crop fields, and takes Gaul hostages leaving the burning oppidum, traveling further southwesterly to the Avaricum Oppidum, the largest and best fortified city within the Gaul lands. Avaricum is also surrounded by fertile farm lands which will provide foodstuffs for his hunger Romans.
Four days later, in the dead of winter, on January 25th, the Gaul leaders feel both afraid and confused hearing about the raids and then the destruction of three different oppida, including Vellanuodunum, Cenabum, and Noviodunum. At the military meeting, Rebel leader, King Vercingetorix changes his battle military strategy.
Military move: The time period date is the middle of winter weather; the Romans are low on food supplies. Vercingetorix plans to starve the Romans in their campsite by raiding and then capturing all the grain supply wagons.
He orders all huts and crops burned down to the ground implementing his scorched-burn tactics again. Thus, the Roman army will not find warm shelter or cold food, during the winter cold days and nights here within central France, and then will depart the Gaul lands. The other Gaul rebel leaders agree with the new military plan, but the Avaricum leaders do not. The Avaricum leadership resists the new plan and addresses to the other leaders that their oppidum is surrounded by marshes on two sides and a river on the opposite side with a narrow entrance ramp into the gates. No can enter the city.
Vercingetorix disagrees with the idea but is overruled by the other Gaul leaders, so the Avaricum Oppidum is not destroyed or damaged. Then he marches ahead to the Avaricum Oppidum with his Gaul rebel army.
On January 26th, the natives from the Bituriges Cubi lands burn their huts and their crops in one day.
From the time periods of January 25th to 27th, Vercingetorix marches and even follows the Roman army then halts 15 miles from the Avaricum Oppidum, setting up his campsite within the forest and besides the marshes.
On January 28th, Caesar marches from the Bituriges Cubi lands and then halts two miles from the Avaricum Oppidum, on January 31st, quickly building a new Roman campsite without the natural protection from either the wooded forest or the marches. He builds two outpost towers.
Political move: The Gaul natives from the lands of the Boii and the Aedui have joined the Gaul rebellion and also have stopped the grain supplies coming from out of their individual oppida to feed the traveling hungry Romans.
Military error: Caesar relied on threats of bodily harm to the Aedui leadership guaranteeing the continuous grain supplies to feed his Roman army.
The Romans are both hungry for grain and are upset seeing all the burnt crop fields of food and destroyed huts of comforts but eat from the capture cattle for their daily and nightly foodstuffs while constructing and guarding their new campsite.
Military move: Vercingetorix’s idea is working.
In the month of February, before the springtime season, during the winter months, a typical weather pattern presents sweeping cold winds, 40 degrees Fahrenheit daytime air temperatures, four hours of dull sunlight, 80 percent humidity factor and then 34 degrees nighttime air molecules. There are eight rainy days within the month producing an average of 2.44 inches of rain puddles covering the grounds.
On February 2nd, tattling vitally important Gaul information coming a set of captured Avaricum hostages, Caesar learns that the Gaul rebel army possesses both footmen and horsemen and is camped 13 miles away protecting the Avaricum Oppidum grounds. Vercingetorix plans an ambush on the Romans marching towards the oppidum.
So, Caesar plans to find this Gaul campsite and then secretly inspects the place.
At midnight on February 3rd, Caesar leads a small band of Romans hunting for the Gaul rebel campsite. The Romans reach the hidden Gaul campsite in the early morning hours on February 3rd. Hidden behind the forest line of thick trees, Caesar and his limited band of Romans view the entrapment stage.
Vercingetorix is there waiting and watching for the Romans. The Gaul warriors stand on top of a gently sloped limestone hill surrounded by deep marshes.
Caesar explains the dangerous military position. His men grumble about not fighting now, conquering the Gaul warriors. Caesar continues his lecture explaining that your life is greater than this situation.
Diplomatic move: Caesar tells each Roman that you are an important part of the team Rome.
Then he and his Romans retreat back to Roman campsite and prepare to attack the oppidum.
After seeing the Romans leave the wooded area, in the late afternoon, on February 3rd, Vercingetorix and his men emerge from the ambush site within the deep forest and return to the Gaul main campsite. His other men accuse Vercingetorix of treason leaving the army of warriors, exposing the foodstuffs, and risking the location of the main campsite.



Present day, space, place, and time, inside the rear bench of the parked transport, Magritte sneered then expressed. “Petty…potty mouth bickering!”

Vercingetorix elegantly speeches and strongly defends the Gaul freedom cause again. At the end of his eloquent speech, each village will continue to supply more Gaul fighters and as each male warrior shouts out loud and then clashes their arm into their chest, according to the ancient custom of a vocal approval.
On February 4th, Caesar arrives, parks in the front of the oppidum gates and then starts to build a new Roman campsite. The Gaul rebels first spy and then start to harass the Romans on their forging hunts while trying to burn down the Roman campsite, without success.
For 25 days, in cold air temperatures, constant rain storms, mud puddles, cloudy days and nights, from sunrise on February 4th to the evening of February 28th, the Romans design and then construct an earth mound. The summit of the mound is 80 feet high and 330 feet wide made from cut wooden timber boards in-between packed mud almost even with the height of the entrance gates and walls without touching the wooden planks.
In the month of March, before the springtime season, during the winter months, a typical weather pattern presents sweeping cold winds, 50 degrees Fahrenheit daytime air temperatures, six hours of dull sunlight, 75 percent humidity factor and then 40 degrees nighttime air molecules. There are eight rainy days within the month.
In the early morning hours on March 1st, the citizens view the top of the 80 feet summit of an incredible man-made earth mound barely touching the walls on the oppidum and at the gate entrance start tossing off home-made fire bombs down on the wet dirt and exposed wooden timbers creating fireballs. The Romans rush from the tents, dousing the fireballs, dancing around the Gaul arrows. Each Roman archer continues to shoot an array of both darts and arrows at each Gaul fighter. When a Gaul citizen is hit and then dies from a poisonous dart or arrow tip. A new Gaul citizen takes his place at the wall tower.
In the morning of March 4th, King Vercingetorix cannot get the Romans to leave or abandon the home-made earth mound and orders his Gaul men to leave their oppidum. The men agree. But later in evening hours, their women cry for the safety of their children, if the men live the oppidum. The men stay and fight for their families.
On the morning of March 5th, a violent, cold, windy rain storm attacks the landscape, the Roman campsite, and the earth mound. Standing in the rain, watching the dirt mound dissolve, Imperator Caesar is determined to attack the oppidum. He rallies his troopers from breakfast meal and offers a reward for the first soldiers scaling the wooden wall, entering the dirt ground inside the oppidum. From the top of the 80 feet high earth mound in the rainstorm for the month of March, before the coming of springtime flowers, individual bold and brave Roman soldiers yell with delight and then start to crawl over the walls first as each solider will receive a fine reward from Imperator Caesar. A total of 800 citizens panic and then successfully flee with their life through the rear gates door on the oppidum racing ahead in the night to the Gaul campsite. The Roman strike, fight, and kill all the warrior men at the same time opening the gates for the other Romans. Then the Romans slaughter 40,000 men, women, and children inside the town, without mercy.
The next morning, on March 6th, within the safety of the Gaul campsite, King Vercingetorix comforts the upset natives and gives another power speech about rallying the troops even with a loss. The Gaul warriors do not surrender or retreat from Vercingetorix’s forces, after the terrible defeat and destruction of the Avaricum Oppidum plus 40,000 deaths of their fellow natives.
Political move: The Gaul natives want Rome and Caesar to depart both their country and their lives.
After Vercingetorix’s rallying speech, Prince Teutomarus, the son of King Ollovicon, from the Nitiobriges (Swiss) tribe, all his Swiss rebels, plus the horsemen cavalry units from the Aquitania lands arrive joining the Gaul army and the Gaul revolt. The men shout with a scream and clash arms across their chest with a loud vocal Gaul approval.
Vercingetorix plans the new Gaul attack on the Romans.
Inside the Avaricum Oppidum, the Romans eat the food and then rest, after their Roman victory.
A crowd of Aedui nobles come and visit Governor Caesar. Two individual Carnutes natives have assumed the single position of judgeship at the oppidum. The senators are divided. The natives are divided. Thus, Governor Caesar must come and solve the justice problem at the oppidum. Caesar proclaims Druid Convictolitanis to reign as the new judge.
On March 7th, Caesar leaves and travels for two days with the Aedui nobles as his legions rest inside the oppidum township of Avaricum. He returns three days later on March 12th and as his legions have rested for five days and the winter season comprising snowflakes, cold temperatures, and rain showers is close to ending on March 19th, the first day of springtime in France countryside.
On March 13th, back at the Avaricum Oppidum, Caesar divides his 10,000 footmen and horsemen. Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Titus Labienus takes half of the Roman army marching towards two separate regions within France, to the lands of Parisii and the Senones acquiring vital provisions, such like, blankets and foodstuff. Caesar keeps the other half of his Roman army and marches ahead towards Gergovia Fort, within the lands of Bituriges Cubi.
The next day, March 14th, the Gaul spies for King Vercingetorix learns of the two separate Roman armies and Caesar moves to the Gergovia township, after tattling the tale, Vercingetorix starts to bust and broke all the wooden bridges while marching on the left bank of the Allier River.
The Allier River is located in the center of France, 262 miles long, and flows in a northerly direction residing between the two ancient townships of the Avaricum Oppidum or present day city of Bourges and Agedincum Oppidum or present day city of Lyon.
So, Caesar and his Roman army is located on the wrong side of the Allier River waters hindering his swift march to the Agedincum Oppidum.
Three days later, on March 18th, after Caesar and his Roman army quickly catch Vercingetorix and his Gaul rebel army, for an additional four calendar days, not nights, from the dates of March 19th to the 24th, the two opposing armies march together on the opposite river banks while watching each other. Caesar halts and then quickly builds a Roman campsite behind a wooden forest beside one of the busted wooden bridges. He swiftly builds a new wooden bridge then crosses the Allier River waters on April 1st. He marches for five days from April 1st to 5th away from the Allier River bank seeing the Gergovia Fort while engaging in minor footmen and horsemen skirmishes with the Gaul rebel fighters.
On April 6th, the town is built on a top of high mountain. Caesar does not plan an attack on the town, yet, but continues to watch for the arrival of Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Titus with all the necessary provisions for his Roman army.
On the same day, Vercingetorix pitches his Gaul campsite on top of a second mountain near the Gergovia Fort and orders his fighters to guard all the hilltops always viewing the Roman campsite. He orders the Gaul leaders to come for a meeting of war planning. Each day his Gaul horsemen are sent out and tease the Roman cavalry units without killings or an attack of the Roman campsite.
Military move: On the opposite side of Gergovia Fort, the hilltop holds a small band of Gaul rebel fighters.
The next day, April 7th, the Romans quickly and quietly kill some the Gaul rebels and then secure possession of the low grounds hosting a flowing fresh creek waters and forests of natural food. The Romans slowly dig a long tunnel heading towards the campsite while protecting the soldiers, who forged for food items during the night or day.
Military error: Vercingetorix should have communicated with his Gaul rebels throughout the occupies lands.
Back inside the Agedincum Oppidum, within the Aedui lands, Druid Convictolitavis had been nicely and diplomatically placed in the position of judgment over the Aedui natives by Governor Julius Caesar. Then Convictolitavis started to bribe all the Aedui natives with physical coins and exhorted all the Aedui natives with his verbal threats. Finally, on April 10th, he convinces the Roman-trained native Aedui soldiers to surrender to peace, revolt the fight, and then kill the Roman legions there.
One day later, on April 11th, when the death news of two entire legions of dead Romans comes to Caesar, he is both stunned and worried. He leaves the Roman campsite in command of a Roman lieutenant then then leads two cavalry units trying to find the two fleeing Aedui traitors. At night, inside the Roman campsite, a band of Gaul rebel fighters swiftly attack wounding and killing numerous Roman soldiers and then ride off into the sunset, celebrating their first Gaul rebel victory.
Caesar arrives at sunrise of 05:34 pm, from an empty traitor hunt, the next day, on April 12th, viewing all the new damages at his main Roman campsite and then quickly shuffles both his military supplies and military men to the smaller campsite, viewing the mountain top. The summit is empty. He swiftly inquires with the local spies and his Roman scouts. The rear of the mountain possesses a narrow rock-coated pathway of smooth footsteps flowing down into the thick woodlands surrounding the fort.
Military move: Rebel leader, King Vercingetorix and his Gaul rebel fighters have surrounded the Roman campsite.
Caesar orders his Roman horsemen to secure the local grounds for a surprise Gaul attack during the nighttime hours.
None never comes.
On April 13th, at dawn, he disguises his Roman footmen as a band of Roman horsemen riding to the distant hills scouting for the Gaul rebel army. He orders one Roman legion to reside on low ground, within the forest, and then abandons the main campsite for the smaller campsite with an eye view of a half-a-mile or 1,800 feet from the circular-shaped Gergovia protection walls. He plans a surprise attack on the town creating the Battle of Gergovia. He sends to the right side of the town structure a devoted troop of Aedui foot soldiers. The Romans rush ahead and form two separate flanks. In the middle of the entrance ramp, the Gaul warriors had installed a six-foot wall of stones with numerous smaller Gaul sleeping quarters occupying the low grounds. The Romans easily dash around the tall structure assaulting all the Gaul tents.
Prince Tuetomatus of the Nitiobriges tribe is roused from his peaceful slumber inside his personal camp tent and then is attacked by the Romans wounding his horse but he escapes with his life force into the woods.
On ground level, on top of a very long and wide flat valley of dead flowers and grasslets, from the winter season, 1,000 feet behind the rear line of Romans, Caesar has accomplished his short purpose scaring off the Gaul rebels from their campsite and the enclosed natives from their township. He calls out a military retreat. The set of trumpets loudly blaze the musical song command. The left flank hears the musical song and then retreats from the closed gates.
The right flank of Romans does not hear the musical notes and then reaches the closed wooden gates scaling the tall wooden walls, entering the enclosed township. They drool for both new loot and bootie. Behind the walls of Gergovia Fort, the Gaul natives scream in panic and flee from the gates towards the rear end of the huts and buildings. The Roman soldiers start to feel compelled with both greed and arrogance.
Roman Centurion Lucius Fabius flips over the closed gated wooden wall structure first then becomes surrounded within a group of anger Gaul fighters dying into his death day on top of the blood-stained dirt particles. Other Romans successfully scale the same closed gate walls also and meet the same deadly fate as their Roman brethren with the blades from the Gaul fighters.
From the side walls on the town, the troops of the Adieu footmen appear with a single shoulder bare of exposed skin tissue, without a battle sword while singing in musical song. The musical song represents a sign of peace, without engaging either the Romans or the Gaul rebels. Then the blue-tinted, maimed, dead body of Roman Centurion Lucius Fabius is tossed over the closed gates into the fighting warriors of both the Roman soldiers and the Gaul rebels.
Roman Legion Infantry Commander Titus Sextius calls a vocal retreat to all Roman soldiers and then spins around rushing away with all the defeated Romans, leaving the unharmed oppidum. He dashes ahead towards a high grassy hilltop. The Gaul rebels give chase after the Roman soldiers entering a flat valley. The Romans swing around and battle the Gaul warriors. Vercingetorix is happy with the moment of a Gaul victory and surprisingly calls off the battle fight, retreating with all his happy rebels back into the forest property. He slowly marches his Gaul rebel army away from the Gergovia Fort towards a different oppidum, without waiting around for a retaliation surge from the band of anger and defeated Romans.
Military error: King Vercingetorix should have kept a fresh reserve army of Gaul rebels continuing the battle fight against the defeated, deflated, hunger, tired, and shocked Roman soldiers. Now, Caesar has too much spare time to rethink a new battle plan and as his Roman soldiers have too much spare time to refresh and restore both their body strength and their mental mindset of the next battle war encounter with the Gaul natives.
Death toll: Gaul rebel army is 100; Roman army is 1,000.
The next morning, on April 14th, at the smaller campsite, Caesar speaks rallying his Romans into the cause and the next battle fight with the Gaul barbarians. He also learns of the deceitful ploy coming from the newly assigned Aedui Judge Druid Convictolitavis, who single-handed is responsible for killing two legions of Roman and then sends a gullible young inexperienced Roman Lieutenant and his 1,000 cavalry units away from the oppidum into the foreign woodlands, searching for the two Roman traitors, instead of securing the oppidum or coming to the aid of Caesar in Gergovia town.
Death toll: Gaul rebel army is 10; Roman army is 6,500.
Two days later, on April 15th, Caesar gathers both his wits and his plans disassembling the Roman campsite and then slowly marches his legions, horsemen, and supply train towards the lands of Aedui. He holds a black tinted heart of vicious vengeance and a dizzy head of murderous intentions. The Gaul army is not chasing after the Romans either.
At the same time, King Vercingetorix and his Gaul rebel army are housed celebrating with numerous Gaul victory parties inside the Noviodunum Oppidum, within the Bituriges Cubi lands
that resides on the banks of the Lorie River. They discover and then split all the secretly stored Roman provisions, including grains, coins, horses, and hostages.
Military move: Vercingetorix continues his royal Gaul rebel command of a scorched-burnt tactic. All the Noviodunum huts and field crops are burned, so Caesar cannot feed his legions.
Then Vercingetorix places rebels on each side of the Lorie River bank to wait and watch for the approaching Roman army.
Between miles of farmland of the Gergovia Fort and the Noviodunum Oppidum, Caesar finds a field pasture with both grazing cattle and grown stalks of grains setting up a new Roman campsite while refreshing and resting his Roman troopers.

Three days later, on April 18th, back within the burnt and destroyed, ugly countryside near the burning Noviodunum Oppidum, the Gaul tribes of the Remi, the Lingones, and the Treveri are missing from the Gaul rebel coalition meeting. They represent two Gaul tribes of Roman allies. The third Gaul tribe lives too away far traveling to Arvernti lands. Vercingetorix has accumulated 15,800 horsemen and 10,000 footmen in the countryside to command sending a Gaul army to war against the Allobroges natives, the Helvetii natives, and the Volcae Arecomici Province, within the Narbo lands. The Roman cities house 22 cohorts of 7,920 Roman soldiers, who need to be eliminated first. The next Roman target is located due west 373 miles away.

The next day, on April 19th, Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Titus Labienus hears of the Roman defeat and leaves the safety of the Agedincum Oppidum, within the Aedui lands and marches due north to Lutetia Oppidum, within the lands of Parisii, and then camps outside on an island between the waters of the Seine River. He cannot cross the river banks or fill the marshes with clay or dirt soil constructing a man-made bridge but immediately sends out a Roman messenger to contact a Roman ship further down on the Seine River waters.
Two weeks later, on May 3rd, one Roman ship slowly sails up the Seine River containing a group of fresh Roman soldiers. The next two days, on May 4th and 5th, the Parisii natives burn the huts, the wooden bridges, and the field crops escaping from their homestead oppidum for both safety and warfare.
The next day, on May 6th, the Parisii warriors and their ally the Aulerci fighters, under the leadership of Aulerci King Camulogenus, camp on each side of the river bank blocking the approaching Romans.
The Romans halt their march. Two days later, on May 8th, Titus pulls back 1,800 of Roman soldiers into the small village of Melodunum, within the Senones lands pretending to divide his Roman army in the eyeballs of the enemy. The enemy follow the first group of Romans.
During the diversion. Titus organizes a new fleet of small rowboats with three legions of Roman soldiers sailing down the Seine River crossing the water, landing in three separate land location and then surrounds his enemy. He attacks with his Roman horsemen killing all the Parisii and Aulerci fighters, starting the Battle of Lutetia. During the heated battle, Aulerci King Camulogenus is killed and then some of the Gaul natives flee into the woodlands setting. The Roman soldiers chase after and then slaughter them, without securing provisions for the other half of the Roman army with Caesar. Then Titus returns back the Agedincum Oppidum joining with his other Roman soldiers while waiting on the arrival of Caesar within the lands of Aedui.
Death toll: Gaul rebel army is 40,000; Roman army is 100.
Marching from the Arvernti lands starting on April 29th, Caesar and his legions hike through the springtime weather heading due north, traveling 227 miles towards the Agedincum Oppidum within the Aedui lands. He will pick up supplies and the other two Roman legions from Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Titus Labienus. During the road trip by both dirt and sandals, Caesar will spend time with each soldier presenting his accomplishments, complimenting his bravery and then will allow him to fight in a smaller battle with the Gaul rebels to regain his Roman confidence.
A long and hot 23 days later, arriving on May 21st, at the Agedincum Oppidum, his Gaul spies inform Caesar that King Vercingetorix and his Gaul rebel army heads lies into wait the lands of Allobroges staring a new Gaul fight for freedom. The Allobroges natives are a strong ally to Rome and Caesar. So, Caesar exhales with worry and then gathers both supplies and men traveling to the lands of the Allobroges, towards the main settlement named, Solonion, which is 262 miles due south.
Eighteen days later, on June 11th, King Vercingetorix and his Gaul rebel army arrive, within the Narbo lands, setting up a new Gaul campsite and start to recruit additional Gaul rebels into his army coming from the lands of the Gabali.
Three days later, on June 14th, he attacks the Helvetii lands. The Helvetii warriors become defeated and then surrender to King Vercingetorix. The Helvetii leadership consisting exclusively of Roman citizens are killed including Roman Consul Caius Valerius Donotarus, the son of Caburus. A second victory war battle comes to King Vercingetorix.
Five days later, on June 19th, after recruiting more Gaul rebels from the Cadurci and the Ruteni lands, Vercingetorix fights and then defeats the Roman soldiers within the Roman city of Volcae Arecomici, a third victory for Vercingetorix.
On June 20th, Vercingetorix leaves behind a small band of Gaul fighters inside the defeated city of Volcae Arecomici and moves into the safety and security of woodlands setting spying on the Solonium settlement, within the Allobroges lands while heavily recruiting more Gaul rebels from the lands of the Aedui and the Segusiani, when his trust-worthy Gaul spies tattle the great news, the approach of the Romans and Imperator Julius Caesar. Vercingetorix delays his plan of attack.
In the late afternoon, on June 21st, Caesar arrives outside the Solonium settlement and then quickly establishes a Roman campsite guarding the area, watching for the enemy. He contacts the leaders of the Allobroges lands and plans for a war battle.
Military error: Vercingetorix does not attack a vulnerable weakened Roman army.
The next day, in the bright sunlight at 12:03 pm, on June 22nd, King Vercingetorix sends out his Gaul horsemen first attacking the Roman campsite. Both the Allobroges horsemen and the Roman horsemen answer the assault attacking the Gaul rebels, but losing the battle skirmish. The Gaul horsemen retreat back into the woodlands setting with another success.
After the embarrassing defeat, Caesar and a one legion leaves the Solonium settlement invading the Germanic lands as he is recruiting a new army of devoted Ubii (German) horsemen taking all the Roman horses giving to the German soldiers.
Military move: The Roman soldiers are not the best horsemen, thus not a military troop of great cavalry fighters against the talented rebel army of Gaul horsemen, so Caesar gives all the Roman horses to the best horsemen, the new German warriors. 
Within the woodlands setting, King Vercingetorix and his Gaul rebel army camp ten miles away from the Roman campsite occupying three different geographical spots while watching, without harassing the Romans. He claims the Romans are leaving the Gaul lands through the eastern corridor. 
Three days later, on June 25th, Caesar returns to his campsite.
The next day, on June 26th, at 12:04 pm, Vercingetorix sends out the Gaul horsemen and footmen to attack the campsite again. Caesar sends out in his newly recruited German cavalry units following up with his Roman footmen attacking and then scattering all the Gaul rebels back to their three individual campsites while capturing three Aedui rebel nobles.
The Aedui nobles include Druid Cotus, the commander of the Carnutes cavalry. Gaul King Cavarillus, the commander of the infantry for the Gorgobina rebel army, and the Roman traitor Eporedorix, the commander of the Aedui rebel army. The three nobles become a new set of Roman prisoners.
The Allobroges natives defend their side of the Rhine River banks and are not interested in either the Gaul revolt or the Caesar’s fight but are an ally of Rome. The main settlement of the Allobroges leadership is Solonion, which is the present day village of Salagnon, near the present day town of Bourgoin-Jallieu, in the southeast region of modern day France. The capital of the Allobroges lands is Vienna.
The Gaul (Celtic) tribes reside in the central, northern and eastern regions within the modern day country of France. The Gaul villages are divided by the Belgae (Belgium) natives living in the northern region between the Marne and Seine Rivers; the Aquitani (southern France) natives resided in the southern region by the River Garonne.
The lands of the Allobroges are located in southwest France between the Rhone River and Lake Geneva on the Switzerland border. The Ambari villages reside in the north; the villages of the Veragri and the Ceutrones live in the east; the Tricastii, the Segovellanui, and the Vocontii villages reside in the south, and the villages of the Vellavi and the Segusiani live in the west region.

Ancient World History moment: In the year 121 B.C. the natives from the lands of Allobroges fight and then declare war against Rome. Rome leaders send out Roman Consul and military General Quintus Fabius Maximus, the son of famous Roman Consul Quintus Fabius Maximus Aemilianus. Quintus defeats all the Celtic barbarian natives from the Gaul lands of the Allobroges, the Arverni, the Helvetii, the Ruteni, the Segovellanuii, the Vocontii, and the Volcae Arecomici. Thus, the rural natives from the lands of Allobroges are not an ally but a submissive new subject of Rome.

Ancient World History moment: In the year 65 B.C., the natives from Allobroges start a rebellion revolt under their Roman Consul Catugnatus and then become violently and bloody quelled by Roman General Gaius Pomptinus, at the main settlement of Solonium. Afterwards, the natives of Allobroges are required to provide their prosperous wealth to Rome. By the year 63 B.C., the natives are too poor and heavily in debt to pay their coinage to Rome. The Allobroges leaders travel to Rome and explain their debt amount to the Roman Senate. Roman Senator Lucius Sergius Catiline is aware of the debt situation and as he is receiving the wealth from the Allobroges Nation. He invites the Allobroges leadership into his “Coin Club.” The Allobroges leaders decline the offer and then expose the corruption to the Roman Senate, which is named as the Catilinarian Conspiracy. Thus, the leadership of Rome is gratitude to the Allobroges natives and becomes their singular powerful ally.

Ancient World History moment: In the year 58 B.C., when the Helvetii natives leave their cold Swiss Zurich huts looking for something else and then try to enter the Roman territory, the leaders from Allobroges lands stop the Helvetii citizens and then tattle the immigration walk to Caesar. Thus, the natives of the Allobroges still remain a powerful ally to Rome.

Ancient World History moment: In the year 56 B.C., after Roman Legion Infantry Servius Galba is both surprised and defeated by 30,000 anger and jealous Gaul natives, who protect and defend the Great Bernard’s Pass in the Swiss Alps, the Roman commander and his legion leave the mountains traveling westward and then settle resting through the winter months, within the protective lands of the Allobroges at the Solonium settlement.

Ancient World History moment: in the year 100 A.D., the natives from the Allobroges lands cleverly continue to collect tolls all the traveling merchants going through the Great Bernard’s Pass, where the capital city of Vienne swiftly become a prosperous city with wealthy natives.

On July 2nd, King Vercingetorix becomes frustrated with the military stalemate, without rescuing any of the three captured Gaul nobles, and then disengages the entire battle fight senecio, and spins around marching both his Gaul soldier-men and horsemen northwest 246 miles towards the lands of Alesia, defending the Mandubbi Oppidum.
The Alesia lands are located south of the Senones lands.
The Mandubbi Oppidum lies on top of a hill surrounded by a river. The river waters wash out the grassy foothills. A plain valley of dried grasslets and weeds covers three miles on each side of the exposed hilltop surrounding the oppidum structure in the bright summertime sunrays and heated weather patterns.
After traveling ahead from the Narbo lands for 246 miles, within 25 days, not nights, at the speed of 10 miles-per-day, arriving on July 27th, the Gaul rebel army establishes camp inside the protective walls of the oppidum. Then the rebels slowly build a long dirt trench and a stone wall six feet high on the eastern side of the oppidum.
On July 28th, King Vercingetorix meets with his war council and orders more food and men. His royal demand includes 35,000 men from the lands of the Aedui, the Segusiani, Ambivareti, and Aulerci Brannovices. 25,000 men from the lands of Arverni, the Cadurci, the Gabali, and the Velauni. 12,000 men from the lands of the Senones, the Sequani, the Bituriges Cubi, the Sentones, the Ruteni, and the Carnutes. 10,000 men from the Bellovaci and the Lemovices. 8,000 men from the Pictones, the Turones, the Parisii, and the Helvetii. 5,000 men from the lands of the Suessiones, the Ambiani, the Mediomatrici, the Petrocorii, the Nervii, the Morini, and the Nitiobriges. 4,000 men from the Bellocassi and the Lexovii. 20,000 men from the Boii, the Rauraci and the Atrebates. 6,000 men from the Armorica lands consisting of the tribes from the Curiosolites, the Redones, the Ambiani, the Caltex, the Osismii, the Lemovices, the Veneti, and the Uneilli. The assigned men leave the oppidum for the new task while waiting and watching for the Roman army.
Weeks before, after slowly learning of the Gaul rebel army retreat from the Narbo lands, three days later on July 7th, in the cold air temperatures of the Narbo Province, Caesar leaves the occupied Roman territory and then slowly follows the same dirt footpath marching 246 miles due west, within 47 days, not nights, at the speed of five miles-per-day arriving on August 23rd, immediately pitching the Roman campsite starting on the minor ground fortification with a long deep trench comprising eleven miles around the oppidum.
The next day, on August 24th, in the morning hours, King Vercingetorix sends out his Gaul horsemen playing with the Roman cavalry units while also harassing all the working Roman soldier-workers on the ground formations. When the Roman horsemen become tired, Caesar sends in the freshly-rested and eagerly-productive German horsemen, who come and then slay some their opponents and steal all their Gaul horses, to boot. All the surviving Gaul horsemen quickly retreat back into the safety of the oppidum.
Political move: That night, King Vercingetorix sends away all the Gaul horses from the oppidum and back to their individual villages, because the food supply will last for only 30 days. He allots man-by-man rations of corn and cow meat.
Three days later, on August 27th, the Gaul spies see and learn of the Gaul food shortage inside the Alesia Oppidum informing Imperator Caesar.
Military move: Caesar plans to siege the oppidum, fight against the Gaul warriors, and then starve the men out from the wooden protective walls.
On August 29th, in the morning hours, for 30 days and nights, the Romans are able to peacefully build a 12-foot high rampant with 20 watch tower outposts and a 15-foot wide dirt (ditch) trench three feet in depth with a set of matching perpendicular sides going around the Roman rampant. In front of the deep trenches, five rows of upright stakes in the shape of a stag horn, so a Gaul rebel cannot breach the outer or internal structure of the Roman rampant. In front of the rows of wooden stakes, a five-foot deep moat of fresh water coming from the local creek stream, so a Gaul horse cannot breach the outer or inner structure of the Roman rampart either. The moat water resides several yards behind the five rows of upright wooden sharp stag-horn shaped stakes. Inside the moat pit depth waters, another hidden booby trap weapon awaits the foe, individual sharp stubby wooden points. The trenches are dug in two lines, one for the defenders of the rampant, and the other one for the relieving tired Romans of the rampant.
Seven days, before the completion stage of all the Roman warfare military fortification, on September 21st, Caesar orders all soldiers to scan out and find food forging the forestlands, stealing the food from the burnt villages creating a 30-day supply of nourishment.
Military error: Vercingetorix should have been vicious raiding the Roman campsite and all the Roman supply carts, burning down all the wooden weapons while furious attacking the Romans.
Miles from the Alesia lands, on September 24th, in the cold autumn weather, while the other requested Gaul warriors have gathered, marching towards the land of the Alesia, holding a new feeling of freedom, the current Gaul rebel army runs out of food supplies inside the township. The elite leaders from the Gaul rebel army debate back and forth about fighting the Roman army on the ground or accepting the terms of a peaceful surrender with Imperator Caesar. The Gaul rebel leaders order all the elderly men, women and children to leave their oppidum home.
Later that afternoon, the starving Mandubii women and children leave the oppidum and visually weep with their heated tears and their empty stomachs for food items surrendering to Imperator Caesar. He denies them food and sends them away from their home oppidum into the woods and towards the burnt crop fields and destroyed village huts.

Two days later, on September 26th, the Gaul spies tattle the new reports to Imperator Caesar.
Military error: King Vercingetorix should have been seeking out and slicing the tongue from all the Gaul spies.
Outside the oppidum grounds, Caesar continues to feed and work his Romans finishing the construction work on twelve land miles of ground fortifications with deep ditches against all the surprise or planned attacks coming from the Gaul rebel army. Caesar feels both anger and betrayal upon hearing the new information regarding King Commius. Commius served as the Gaul ambassador for the Romans securing peace relations with the new Breton “client king” concept for the Roman Republic, within the new British Isles. Commius was not required to pay taxes on his Gaul properties to Rome either.
Two days later, in the warm autumn weather, on the date of September 28th, King Commius arrives with 2,000 Atrebates men along with other Gaul leaders and warriors occupying a hilltop one mile from the Mandubbi Oppidum. Then he retires from a non-battle engagement and moves his army inside the safety of the oppidum.
The Gaul rebel army comprises 300,000 rebels divided into 8,000 horsemen and 250,000 infantry footmen. The Gaul military rebel generals are Commius, Virdomarus, Eporedorix, and Vergasillaunus.
On September 29th, 52 B.C., the next day, at 12:01 pm, King Commius leads the Gaul cavalry and stands on the dried plane of plain dry presenting three miles of Gaul rebels while teasing Caesar. Caesar orders the Roman cavalry ahead and the Siege of Alesia begins. The armies rush and attack each other. The Gaul archers stand in rows beside the oppidum firing at the Roman cavalry horses. Then the German horsemen create a compact body of horse and charge the Gaul archers killing them all. From noon to the last bright sunrays of a falling sunset, neither army is winning the battle fight. The two armies retreat from the battlefield with their wounded warriors ending the first day of the war battle.
At 08:08 pm, on September 30th, King Vercingetorix decides to attack the Romans at night. The first band of Gaul fighters start to attack the walls on the Roman rampant hurling both arrows and stones. The Roman soldier army responses back with their own volley of arrows, large stones, and darts. At the sound of the trumpet, King Vercingetorix leads a second band of Gaul fighters towards the Roman rampant.
The two Roman Lieutenants Marcus Antonius and Gaius Trebonius…


Present day, space, place, and time, in the rear compartment of a parked limousine, Magritte gasped in shock then exclaimed. “Marcus Antonius! Is this the one and only Mark Antony?” She typed on the tiny keyboard and access the new information reading in silence.

Marcus Antonius is known in the English language as Mark Antony. He was birthed in the city of Athens, in the year 83 B.C., in the month of January, on the 14th within the plebeian commoner class.
His father was a corrupt statesman of the Roman government and died early. His mother was the third cousin to Julius Caesar. During the First Roman Civil War between Sulla and Gaius Marius, Antony was an infant. Marcus Antonius was a Roman citizen, a Senate politician, and a military general aiding in the transformation of the Roman Republic into the Roman Empire. He served a Roman military general and a Roman supporter of Julius Caesar and then was appointed a Roman administrator of Italy while Caesar killed all his fellow Roman enemies during the Second Roman Civil War.

Magritte smiled down at the tiny screen on her personal mobile telephone then stated. “Well, it’s him! You are 31 years old and appear very later within the famous and infamous Gallic Wars, but you are present and in a command position during the Siege of Alesia. So, you see and know both the beginnings and the endings of the Gallic Wars, Imperator Julius Caesar, and the upcoming other nicely documented Ancient Roman historical events. And I’m going to follow with intrigue your ancient military service through the rest of the ancient Gallic Wars while supporting Caesar.”
She typed on the tiny keyboard wearing a smile and then gasped in shock. “Who are you, Gaius Trebonius?” She fiddled with her phone and accessed the information. “Gaius Trebonius was born in the year 92 B.C., so he was 40 years old working a lowly officer for Imperator Caesar. I don’t wanna read the rest of his personal ancient life biography. I’ll do that later, after finishing the read on the rest of the Gallic Wars as I still sit here and miss my hair and nail appointment due to the flooded Mobile city streets. Anyways, the mentioned Roman military officers either become a supporter or a sufferer of Caesar. Geez, Louie! Everyone knows that Caesar wins all his fights and become the first king and dictator of the Roman Republic.” She typed on the keyboard and returned to her previous spot within the internet articles silently reading the rest of the war events.

Back onto the bloody, active battlefield, during the Siege of Alesia, the two Roman Lieutenants Marcus Antonius and Gaius Trebonius route their individual legions of Romans directly at the rows of Gaul rebels as the Gaul rebels veer away from the Roman battle lines and then quickly dash straight into the rows of upright stakes and drown in the moat pits of spurs, dying on the soil or in the sour waters. Some of the Gaul rebel die instantly or slowly die in the murky muddy water as the Romans finish the slaughter of the Gaul rebels. At daybreak on October 1st, the surviving Gaul rebels quickly retreat back into the safety of the oppidum carrying or leading all the wounded fighters, ending the second day of the war battle.
After the failed battle fight, later in the morning hours, inside the comfort of the oppidum setting, all the surviving and wounded fighting rebels and worried Gaul natives feel dejected, rejected and despair of success. Inside the Gaul headquarters hut, King Vercingetorix consults with all the Gaul military and social leaders and then sends out a Gaul scout party seeking the weakest points within the Roman ground fortification, on the northern side of the hilltop.
Military error: Caesar, as usual, had constructed a double ring of fortification weapons on the ground consisting of rows of upright sharp, wooden stakes and a set of hidden spurs inside the muddy moat waters. One side of fortification weapons face the gates on the oppidum; the second side protects the rear end on the Roman rampant. However, an obvious deficiency exists on the northern side between the low ground and a tall hilltop. The flat ground is open, without military fortifications. Caesar does not want to post Roman guards there either as the additional Roman soldier capacity will diminish the forward attack battle lines towards the city face.
The next day, before the light daybreak at 05:02 am, on October 1st, under the Gaul military General Vercassivellaunus, an Avernian citizen and the first cousin of King Vercingetorix, he leads 60,000 Gaul rebels and then hides behind a natural mountain wall while refreshing his rebels. At 12:02 pm, Vergasillaunus and his rebels appear on the northern side of the Roman fortification, at the same time, as the oppidum gates open wide releasing all the Gaul horsemen, who rush ahead towards the Roman rampant.
King Vercingetorix leads a third Gaul assault force from the open gates holding a long metal gripe hooks, hitting all the weakest points at the northern fortifications, attacking the wooden structure while fighting with the ground level Romans.
In front of the rampant, the Romans quickly form their battle lines and rush ahead meeting the Gaul fighters.
Vercassivellaunus finds success tossing numerous fiery missiles into the Roman rampant while fighting with low ground of the Romans. Caesar spots the trouble caused by Gaul Rebel General Vercassivellaunus and then orders Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Titus Labienus and six cohorts of 2,160 Romans to relieve the first set of exhausted and tired fighting Romans. Vergasillaunus and his Gaul fighters have successfully broken part of the Roman rampant trying to enter the structure while still killing more of the Romans.
Caesar sees the next problem. Labienus is in trouble also with the Gaul horsemen. Then Caesar send out six cohorts of 2,880 Romans to assist Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Titus Labienus. When his new plan does not work, Caesar marches ahead with his scarlet red tinted war cloak wavering behind his upright body gathering and then sending part of the skilled fighting German cavalrymen with him and the other half of the German horsemen into the woodlands setting. 
Military move: While the 60,000 Gaul rebels are busy attacking the rampant with housed Romans on the northern hillside, of the Roman campsite, Caesar sends out the skilled and talented German fighting horsemen.
Back on the active battlefield, the second unit of fighting German cavalry units successful appear and ride behind the rear flank on the loose semi-crooked rows of Gaul fighters as the Roman footmen in front of the Roman rampant attack the front lines of Gaul rebels at the same time. The Gaul rebels gasp in worry then quickly spin around for a swift retreat and run into numerous Roman blades seeing death within minutes. The Gaul chief of the Lemovices is killed. Arvernti citizen, Rebel general Vergasillaunus is taken alive plus 74 other Gaul rebels as Roman prisoners by the Roman soldiers. 
Before the rays of sunset become set, all the captured Gaul rebels are brought to Caesar. The other wounded and survivors from the defeated Gaul army rush back into the safety of the oppidum. Or numerous Gaul rebels and natives flee from the oppidum into the woodlands setting. Then King Vercingetorix orders his surrender to Imperator Julius Caesar.
At midnight, on a new day, of October 2nd, the Roman’s paid and allied German cavalry units are posted behind the rear gates on the Mandubbi Oppidum slaughtering all the escaping Gaul rebels.
Inside the oppidum setting, a defeated Arvernti citizen, deflated rebel leader, and dethroned King Vercingetorix of the Gaul army meets with all the Gaul rebel leaders offering his person to Caesar in defeat of the Gaul rebellion. He sends a Gaul emissary to Imperator Julius Caesar.
The next early morning hours, the Gaul emissary returns with Caesar’s demands. All the Gaul arms, weapons, and the Gaul rebel military leaders including King Vercingetorix are to appear before Caesar. The rebel Gaul leaders appear late in the morning hours. Caesar does not pardon but takes all the Gaul rebel leaders and their rebel commander Vercingetorix as his new group of Roman prisoners sending them to Rome first and then restores 20,000 hostages to the two regions of Aedui and Arverni next, because he wants both the loyalty of the largest Gaul lands with the largest populations for his commercial service to Rome. The land territories are significantly valuable to Rome as Rome merchants control all the Roman and Gaul trade boats on the Seine River waters as well as possess all the gold and silver mines.
Then he orders all his ten Roman legions wintered in the following Gaul lands: Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Titus Labienus, two legions, and the cavalry units in the lands of the Sequani; Roman Legion Infantry Commander Caius Fabius and Lucius Minucius Basilus with two legions in Remi; Roman Legion Infantry Commander Caius Antitaus Reginus in the lands of Ambivareti; Roman Legion Infantry Commander Titus Sextius in the land of Bituriges Cubi; Roman Legion Infantry Commander Caius Caninius Rebilus with one legion in the lands of Ruteni.
Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Quintus Tullius Cicero with his cavalry units is sent to the town of Cabillo, near the Saone River to procure supplies of grain, corn, and other foodstuffs. Roman Legion Commander Publius Sulpicius is sent to the town of Matisco, on the Saone River, too, for additional grain, corn and food products. 
Caesar winters with Quaestor and Roman Legion Infantry Commander Marcus Antonius and one Roman legion at the Bibracte Oppidum with the lands of the Aedui.
The Bibracte Oppidum is the capital town within modern day Burgundy, France. The town is a commercial crossroads on a river for all Roman products.
In the city of Athens, the Roman Senate honors the land-grab and holds 20 holidays for the people for a political reason, not to honor Caesar. This happy Athens Roman ceremony ignites the fighting fury within Caesar while starting the mental fireworks of a second civil war between the elite Romans and the elite military general.
This the final conclusion of Book VII from the writings of Julius Caesar.
Ancient World History moment: Arvernti citizen Vercingetorix surrendered at the Battle of Alesia, on October 2nd, and was then transferred to the city of Athens. He was held as a Roman prisoner for the next six years due to the heated explosion of the Second Roman Civil War. Then Roman prisoner Vercingetorix, wearing his shiny and polished battle vest of silver tint and golden metal, was paraded Caesar’s triumph event through the streets of Athens. At the end of the parade, during the vile Roman ceremony, he was publicly garroted at the Tullianum stadium, in the year 46 B.C.
Ancient World History moment: In the year 121 B.C., the natives from the lands of Allobroges fight and then declare war against Rome. Rome leaders send out Consul and military general Quintus Fabius Maximus, the son of famous Roman Consul Quintus Fabius Maximus Aemilianus. Quintus defeats all the Celtic barbarian natives from the Gaul lands of the Allobroges, the Arverni, the Helvetii, the Ruteni, the Segovellanuii, the Vocontii, and the Volcae Arecomici. During his traditional Roman honor, at his personal triumph parade, a defeated, deflated, and debased Arvernti King Bituitus is presented to the Roman people and as he displays his silver-tinted battle armor.


Present day, space, place, and time, in the rear seat of the parked limousine, Magritte gasped in shock then commented, “Geez, Louie! History does repeat itself! Defeated, deflated and debased Arvernti self-proclaimed King and Gaul rebel military leader Vercingetorix should have inquired with his Arvernti great-granddaddy and the ancient Arvernti king-knight tales, before announcing his kingship title and his military title against Rome. Then he’d have slithered back underneath that rock, instead of duplicating the same fate of his person. So sad! So mad! So glad! I’m happy that I reside within the modern age of both reason and wisdom. I’m a smarter fox, and I’ve outfoxed the wolf Ace.” She laughed with an evil tone and then continued to read silently all the new internet information.

However, the Gaul revolts of rebellion continued against Governor Julius Caesar while he was busy fighting with the Roman Senate in the city of Athens.
In the year 51 B.C., busy with all the Roman business affairs at the Bibracte Oppidum in the lands of Aedui, his Gaul spies rely numerous anger rumbling of more Gaul rebellions. In the month of January, on the 8th, with the one Roman legion and personal guard protection from Roman Legion Infantry Commander Marcus Antonius, Governor Julius Caesar travels due west to the lands of Bituriges Cubi collecting two legions marching 7,200 Romans and 500 Roman cavalry units to the lands of Bituriges Cubi.

Four days later, in the cold month of January, on the 12th, his parade of both horsemen and footmen appear as the Gaul natives scream in fright and flee the crops in fear entering their huts, shutting the doors. The chief leaders of the Bituriges Cubi appear and offer peace surrendering to any type of Gaul deed of naughtiness or haughtiness. Caesar proclaims his pride at the poor natives for their hard work and their Roman loyalty within the cold weather taking 20 pounds each of harvested food for his 2,000 hunger Romans. He stays for 40 days and nights watching the natives of the Avaricum Oppidum and then takes his leave on February 27th returning to the warmth of the Bibracte Oppidum, within the Aedui lands.

Eighteen days later, on March 17th, in springtime season, the leaders of the Bituriges Cubi appear and tattle on the leader of the Carnutes, where the leaders and natives are both plotting and planning war against Rome. He leaves once again and marches to the Saone River banks and greets the two legions marching to the lands of the Carnutes with three legions. The natives become scared and race into the forest.
A violet thunderstorm appears on March 21st. Caesar and his legions house inside an empty oppidum. The Roman cavalry unit are released to find the Carnutes warriors without luck. The natives from the lands of Carnutes have raced to the neighboring tribes.
After the storm, the next day, on March 22nd, the chief leaders from the northern lands of the Remi tribes appear and tattle that the Bellovaci natives have raised a new Gaul army. Caesar sends a message rousing two legions from the lands of the Suessiones under Roman Legion Infantry Commander Gaius Trebonius and two legions under Roman Legion Infantry Commander Titus Sextius in the land of Bituriges Cubi. Caesar meets the four legions and marches into the lands of the Bellovaci establishing a campsite while releasing the Roman cavalry to collect natives and takes prisoners. The prisoners will detail the secret of the war plan for the Bellovaci military generals. However, the cavalry units cannot find a single native but report the news. The Bellovaci rebel army stands in one place along with the Gaul fighters from the lands of the Ambiani, the Aulerci, the Caletii, the Velocasses, and the Atrebates, on an elevated hilltop surrounded by a dangerous morass. The plan is to ambush the Romans as they start to forge for foods within the wilderness setting.
Caesar plans the battle fight and marches ahead arranging the Roman parade with three legions ahead of the supply and siege carts and one legion protecting the rear end. Two hours later, he sees the enemy and positions the Romans in a square formation for the attack and is quite surprised at the number of Gaul rebels. He breaks the Roman formation and establishes a new Roman campsite on top of a flat valley floor. The Roman campsite contains a 12-foot high rampart structure and two 10-feet trench dirt ditches 15-feet wide with a perpendicular trench dirt ditch side. On March 25th, Caesar orders the side muddy ditches filled with standing Romans with their weapon.
The Roman sight is frightening, indeed.
That afternoon, a few cavalry unit skirmishes occur without death acts.

Two days later, in the morning of March 27th, finally, the Gaul rebels cross the marshes and engage the Romans winning a small war battle. After the battle fight, the Romans spread out and seek food becoming attacked by hidden bands of the Gaul rebels. The Gaul rebels steal all the cattle and the hostages. And the Gaul leaders recruit and present 500 German cavalry horsemen to the cause.

Three days later, on April 1st, Caesar observes the Gaul campsite around a natural forming morass which cannot be assaulted directly. He dispatches Commander Gaius Trebonius and his two legions; Commander Titus Sextius and his two legions; and all the local horsemen from the Remi and Lingones Gaul (Celtic) tribes the Roman campsite. The Remi and Lingones horsemen arrive between April 4th and 8th. They are posed to protect the Romans during the food foraging parties. 
Three days later, on April 11th, the Romans search the forest for food. The Remi cavalry guard the Romans as the Romans meet the Bellovaci rebels in a woodlands ambush. The Gaul rebels kill the prince and the general from the Remi tribe. After the battle fight, both armies return to their separate campsite.
The next day, horsemen skirmishes occur on the valley floor in front of the Roman campsite.
However, Caesar has also recruited an army of Ubii Germanic (German) horsemen, who pursue the Gaul horsemen into the marshes killing all the Gaul rebels and then stealing their Gaul horses.

Three days later, on April 14th, the Bellovaci natives learn three new Roman legions are marching to the active battlefield. The Gaul rebels quickly evaluate the new dangerous situation and then send all the elderly men and natives away from the town that night.

On the early morning hours of April 15th, the Gaul rebels try to organize a new march during the daylight hours.
Caesar raises early and studies the Gaul campsite during the bright sunlight rays on the spring day. He cannot attack and then climb the steep hill or waddle across the deep morass, so he builds a wooden bridge over the morass quickly marching across the valley, firing darts into the Gaul rebels. The rebels return to the hilltop.
After the failed fray, later in the morning hours, Caesar decides to camp in the valley floor and builds a new rampant with fortifications for a new upcoming battle fight.
At sunset, on 05:05 pm, the Gaul warriors set a crooked line consisting of piles of thick pile of straw and sticks in front of their army, then set the piles on fire producing numerous fireballs and tons of black smoke and then they all escape from the hilltop into the deep forests. Caesar is foiled or fooled again by the clever Gaul soldiers and returns to camp planning the next attack.
During the night, the Gaul rebels dash ten miles and then halt establishing a new campsite. Then they set-up numerous ambush stations with both Gaul horses and men for a surprise attack on the food forging parties from the Roman campsite.
During the time period from April 16th to 19th, during the food hunt, the Gaul ambushes the Romans killing some members.
On April 20th, the Gaul spies report to Caesar for both coins and secrets. General Correus from the Bellovaci tribe possesses 6,000 footmen and 1,000 horses for a new ambush thirteen miles down the dirt road within the forest. Caesar sends out a mixture of archers and footmen protecting the Roman food gatherers. The ambush site is an enclosed portion of land covered with thick woods on one side and a deep river on the other. The Gaul fighters attack the first band of Romans. The archers toss arrows at the Gaul fighters. The Roman horsemen attack the Gaul fighters also.
The Gaul horsemen and rebels appear from the woods and engage the Romans in fierce fighting. Then Caesar appears with a fresh legion of Romans assaulting the tired and wounded Gaul rebels. General Correus is killed along with numerous Gaul rebels. The other Gaul warriors are wounded on the ground and call for surrender to Caesar taking them as hostages.
King Commius of the Atrebates and the Morini escapes into the German lands with the other horsemen.
The next day, April 22nd, the Gaul leaders come and ask Caesar to be content that King Commius has fled the Gaul lands. However, the Imperator is not content and calls out the Bellovaci natives as the warmingones demanding hostages from all the lands and the capture of Commius.
The next day later, on April 23rd, Commius comes back on his own terms surrounded by his personal guards approaching Caesar, when a Roman blade gleans in the bright sunlight striking at the bone skull of Commius without killing the Gaul rebel. Commius is slightly wounded escaping from the fray into the woodlands again.
King Commius vows never to live in the lands of Gaul and takes a swift boat departing the mainland of modern day France escaping finally and foreverly into the British Isles.

Ancient World History moment: Commius is known to possess residents in both the lands in Gaul France and the British Isles. He lives and becomes a British king within the land of Kent. His only biological son and two biological grandsons later become the king ruling the same British lands, until the year 43 A.D., after the Roman Empire and their soldiers come, conquer and then control the island for four hundred years.

Two days later, on April 25th, Caesar then turns away from the lands of the Bellovaci taking all his legions, supplies, and hostages marching into the lands of the Treveri, the land of the Pictones and the other lands killing 12,000 Gaul rebels.…

Present day, space, place, and time, inside the air-conditioned parked limousine, Magritte frowned. “Blob! Blob! Blob! Imperator Julius Caesar has to kill innocent men, women and children and take innocent men, women and children as hostages burning their homes, burning their food crops and destroying everything from the northwestern region back to the eastern coastline of modern day France. No wonder the Frenchmen are so sensitive and surrender their lives and their possessions, from a spit fight. During World War I and World War II, the Frenchmen and women did not fight against their foes but surrendered to the German forces both times and lived in great fear allowing the American troopers to come and rescue them, twice. Well, I’m an American and I don’t like in great fear but great pride for my country, my state and my person. Take that virtual rear back hand slap back, Julius!” She laughed with a girly giggle and typed on the tiny keyboard scanning the rest of the electronic internet article. She read in silence again.

Back in the land of Gaul, on the same day of April 25th, Roman Legion Infantry Commander Gaius Caninius Rebilus leads one legion of Romans against the Andecavi leader, Gaul Rebel General Dumnacus fighting the Romans at the Limonum Oppidum, which is the present day city of Poitiers, France. Within the lands of Pictones, Gaius Rebilus arrives, attacks and forces the Andecavi rebels to leave the oppidum. The next day, on April 26th, Rebilus leads an attack and kills 12,000 Gaul rebels. Dumnacus escapes and the natives of the Armorica lands surrender to Rome. 
Four days later, on May 1st, Imperator Caesar and all his Roman legions and auxiliaries consisting of the cavalry, archers, slingers, and the non-Roman paid soldiers raid the newly established Eburones villages burning the huts, killing the livestock, slaughtering the people, stealing the foods, melting down all the golden coins again.
Ancient World History moment: By Caesar raiding the Eburones lands a second time, in the next season, this is evidentiary historical proof that the Eburones had survived the first annihilation by Imperator Caesar. And they flee and hide surviving a second invasion by the Roman armies too.
Three days later, on May 3rd, Drapes, a Senonian leader and military general of the new Gaul rebel army, during the new Gaul revolt, has collected desperate men, invited all slave to fight for freedom, called back the exiled citizens and offered asylum to robbers for his portion of soldiers. He leads 5,000 men then attacks Romans and their provisions joining the forces of Lucretius.
After the capture of Gaul King Vercingetorix, Lucretius once was the king of the land of Cadurci, his birth place and birth right and as he does not intent to surrender to Rome or Caesar while continuing to fight for both his life and his freedom as a Gaul native.
On May 4th, the new Gaul partnership of Caducean military leader Lucterius and his Gaul rebels with Senonian military general Drapes lead through the lands of Cadurci, where they seize the Uxellodunum Oppidum and the natives defending it from the Romans.
In the meantime, Roman Legion Infantry Commander Gaius Caninius Rebilus has been fighting with the Pictones natives within the Armorica hearing about the trouble in the lands of Cadurci. He marches there and pitches three separate Roman campsites on top of high ground. He orders the lines of circumvallation drawn around the town on the early morning hours of May 8th.
Inside the oppidum, the natives see the Roman action and then remember the terrible Roman fortification at the Siege of Alesia. Lucterius wisely orders provisions of food before the battle fight with the Romans.
That night, the soldiers leave the oppidum and gather huge masses of food storing in a hut ten miles from the oppidum.
From the time period of May 9th to May 11th, during the food gathering by the Gaul rebels, the Romans attack the oppidum but do not penetrate the gates or the walls.
On May 12th, after the bright sunrays sink down into the ground, the Gaul rebels have left the oppidum again slowly retrieving the mass of food from the secret hut hidden in the woodlands when a Roman scout patrol hears the un-forest sounds seeking to investigate. At 10:00 pm, the band of Gaul rebels see them, react then attack all killing the Romans and then return shuffling the food stuffs back to the oppidum.
At midnight, on May 13th, Roman Legion Infantry Commander Gaius Caninius Rebilus learns of the Roman scout slaughter sending forward the Roman cavalry and German footmen to the hidden Gaul campsite. He arrives to see the Gaul campsite is placed low near the river bank. The higher ground is unoccupied. The Romans attack and take the foodstuffs, kill the Gaul rebels and capture Drapes alive. In the early morning hours, Commander Caninius Rebilus has completed his Roman mission then turns marching back to attack the oppidum.
Back in the lands of Bellovaci, Caesar places a Roman legion quietly quelling another Gaul revolt and marches to the lands of Carnutes arriving three days later on May 16th. He demands Guturvatus, the Carnutes leader of the Gaul rebellion and orders the man whipped to death and then his bone skull cut off. He receives letters from Commander Rebilus and leaves the Carnutes natives marching to the lands of Cadurci.
Five days later, on May 21st, Caesar arrives and views all the Roman fortification around the Uxellodunum Oppidum, where both the natives and the warriors cannot escape or fight without death; but the town has an abundance of foodstuffs.
A river divides the valley floor surrounding the mountain foothill, where the oppidum resides. The sides of the mountain are both steep and wet from the falling rain waters. Caesar places the Roman archers several yards away from the river banks preventing the Gaul natives from getting buckets of fresh drinking water. As he observes closer on the landscape, under the wall of the town a gushing spring of fresh water feeds the inner ponds to the natives. He quickly constructs a tall earth mound housing all Roman archers protecting the Roman workers. 
From the time periods of May 21st to the 29th, in front of the oppidum, Lucterius orders his men to attack the Roman lines and then retreat with the wounded and healthy rebels into the township. 
The Roman workers work both nights and days digging a long above ground tunnel and finally reach the underground fresh water springs as the spring waters naturally diverting flowing down into the nicely constructed Roman tunnel.
On the morning of May 30th, when the natives understood the Roman construction was impeding the natural flowing river waters, they pitch down numerous barrels with flames of fire onto the Roman workers. Caesar orders the other Roman soldiers to scale the mountain and thus frighten the naïve natives back into their huts while the workers complete their Roman task.
On June 3rd, the Roman task is completed. The natural spring waters have been detoured flowing over the valley floor, instead into the grand pond, within the oppidum.
Inside the oppidum, the band of stupid, pagan Gaul natives notice the lack of fresh water coming into the township ponds and then mentally believe the fresh water spring has gone dry under the natural soil by the Gaul pagan gods and goddesses, who are anger at the Gaul natives for fighting or whatever. The Gaul fools surrender the fight and then yield their peace onto Imperator Roman Julius Caesar.
Inside the oppidum, the band of stupid, pagan Gaul natives notice the lack of fresh water coming into the township ponds and then mentally believe the fresh water spring has gone dry under the natural soil by the Gaul pagan gods and goddesses, who are anger at the Gaul natives for fighting or whatever. The Gaul fools surrender the fight and then yield their peace onto Imperator Roman Julius Caesar. 
From the dates of June 4th to 7th, Caesar slowly inflicts a very severe Roman punishment, cutting off their hands on each Gaul warring soldier, who has dared to bear an arm against Caesar and his Roman soldiers.


Present day, space, place, and time, in the rear compartment of the parked limousine, Magritte gasped in shocked and then sneered down at the screen on her personal mobile telephone then asked. “Who’s the savage barbarian here? Caesar! He’s a vicious person; a slick politician and an evil ruler. How in the universe was his Soul allowed to live and then torment all those innocent people, who were only working hard making a living for their families? I’m so outraged at the Romans. I’m so glad that my ancient blood is not related to them; but I do wonder about Ace and his bloodline and his blood proteins. His ancestors are of English descent. The Britons were invaded and then conquered by the Romans. Then Romans intermixed with all the cute and tough and ugly English lassies producing a tone of half-breed Roman-British babies. So, Ace is both a British and Roman baby too. He’s a slithering snake too. I must be very careful around Ace until I remove my person from Mobile.”

Captured Senonian leader, Gaul military general Drapes choses to starve his body into a death day. Gaul military general, Cadurci leader Lucterius escapes the oppidum and enters the lands of the Arvernti begging for help from the leaders. The Arvernti leaders have learned a lifetime lesson from the Romans and then capture presenting Lucterius as a Gaul prisoner to Caesar. Caesar sends his new Roman prisoner to Rome.
The eight Roman legions comprising 48,000 soldiers, 2,000 archers, and 4,000 Roman cavalry units stay, play, and winter within the conquered Belgae (Belgium) villages. Roman Legion Infantry Commander and Roman Questor Marcus Antonius resides and rules over three Roman lieutenants, including Gaius Trebonius, Publius Vatinius, and Quintus Tullius Cicero.

She frowned. “So, Quintus Tullius Cicero has been demoted in military rank and Marcus Antonius has been promoted, by Imperator Julius Caesar, from the rank of military lieutenant to…to… a Roman quaestor. What’s the role and duty of a Roman quaestor?” She typed on the phone features and then gasped in shock.

A Roman quaestor must have ten years of military experience, reach thirty years old in age and is assigned all the duties by a Roman Consul. During warfare, each Roman Consul is assigned a Roman Quaestor.
The Quaestor duties include financial administration dividing all the spoils or treasures coming from all the battle wars between the Roman public treasury and the army of ranking military officers and the Roman soldiers. 
A Roman Quaestor is the lowest office within the political office, but it can become the first step towards a political career within the Roman Senate.
Thus, Imperator Julius Caesar is securing a seat in the Roman Senate for his fourth blood-related cousin on his mama’s side and as his ally Marcus Antonius will lead a great political career while doing the bidding of his cousin.
Back into the Gaul lands, after harassing all the Gaul adults and scaring all the Gaul children within each Gaul village from the remaining heated summer months of June until the cool autumn months to November 30th, the nasty Roman soldiers and their nasty horses eat all the native’s food, sleep in all the native’s beds, and harass all the native’s children. All the Gaul leaders from each Gaul tribe has surrendered to Caesar. Caesar has decided to stay at the Nemetocenna Oppidum within the Remi lands missing all the fun social parties and a long boring traditional holiday parade within the city of Rome, by the greedy Senators and the grateful peoples.
On a crisp cold morning of December 3rd, Atrebates King and rebel leader Commius returns.
In the rear compartment of the parked limousine, Magritte yelled with delight. “Yeehaw! I like Commius. He really is a king and deserves the title of royalty. He was the friend, then the foe and then the nasty fiend to an eviler Caesar,” she laughed with an unladylike tone.

Commius on his swift steed leading his Atrebates cavalry attacks the Roman legion housing inside his Atrebates homelands. Inside the safety of the Roman rampart campsite, under the leadership of Marcus Antonius, he had appointed Roman lieutenant Caius Volusenus Quadratus commander of the horses. So, he sends out Quadratus to lead a small herd of Roman cavalry units at the presence of a Gaul criminal, a Roman traitor King Commius. Commius has planted and then planned a number of surprise bushy ambushes killing some of the Roman horses and men and then rides off into the sunset, sounding with vile laughter. An anger emotional Quadrates races after Commius. Commius spins his horse around and gallops toward the Roman thrusting his lance into the thigh meat on the roman. His warriors fight with the Romans. Both warring opponents wound or kill men. Commius ends the fight and dashes off again into the woodlands.
Roman lieutenant Caius Volusenus Quadratus is vitally wounded then carried back alive and breathing to the Roman campsite for a medical treatment or a death day.
The next day, on December 4th, Commius sends two Atrebates ambassadors and offers Atrebates hostages along with a personal business meeting with Marcus. Marcus accepts the hostages, not the meeting. Back in the Nemetocenna Oppidum within the Atrebates lands, Caesar does not toss harsh words or sharp blades at Atrebates natives. He does not wish to engage more Gaul revolts or Gaul rebels, instead providing gifts to the Gaul leaders, who ally with him, creating peace and harmony within the Roman-occupied Gaul lands.
Seven days later, on December 10th, he departs from the Nemetocenna Oppidum, with his personal guards and horsemen, leaving the Gaul lands, slowly visiting all the free Roman towns and citizens with a political purpose.
Political move: The year is 51 B.C., the end of the calendar year for the Romans as there is no more planting the crops or fighting the enemies. However, Caesar still has a fight, a new mental fight, with the aristocratic Roman society of Senators, within the city of Rome. His ten year assigned Roman governorship of Transalpine Gaul will expire within twenty days based on the Roman calendar. Thus, he will become a private Roman citizen again and will become prosecuted by the Roman Senate for terrible crimes against Gaul humanity, such like, killing of innocent children and women and elderly persons within the Gaul lands. He knows that. The Senator know that too.
At each Roman township, all the Roman children and citizens meet and greet Governor Julius Caesar offering dinner parties, sacrificing baby lambs to the Roman gods and goddesses, and creating entertainment events in the merchandise market and temple structures to honor and respect Julius.
Political move: Caesar sees with his eyes and hears with his ears and feels with his fingers both the joy and happiness coming from the rural countryside of Roman populous, who are the true leaders of the Roman Republic.
The writings from Julius Caesar are set in stone, but the World History Book is not.
In the new year of 50 B.C., on the spring month of April, on the first day, the commencement of the Roman Senate members and their duties to the Roman populous.
After all his poor Roman peasant township visits, journeying 1,200 days or four months, on April 13th, Caesar arrives in the city of Athens and petitions Roman Legion Infantry Commander Marcus Antonius, in front of the new Consul commissions, for Roman priesthood.

On April 15th, the priesthood petition is rejected.
Political move: The new Consul formation consists of Lucius Lentulus and Caius Marcellus, who have taken military letters regarding all the vile and vicious military actions of Imperator Caesar coming from the former Roman Legion Infantry Commander Sergius Galba. The new Consul formation seeks to strip Governor Caesar of his honor, dignity, monies, and armies.
After the defeat of his petition, on April 18th, Caesar sails by Roman boat to the city of Vaucluse. The late afternoon, he quickly marches through the Transalpine Gaul lands, returning to Nemetocenna Oppidum within the Atrebates lands and arrives four days later on April 22nd.
First, he assigns Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Titus Labienus governor of the Cisalpine Gaul lands or the northern Italy territory using a wrinkled eye wink for his support as an ambitious Caesar wants to become the newest third member of the new Roman Consul formation.
Back in Rome, on April 23rd, the inside the Senate house, Roman Senator Caius Curio proposes both Imperator Caesar and Roman General Pompey disband their Roman armies. Thus, the city will be free and enjoy its rights to peace and harmony. But senatorial friends of Pompey prevent that act and action against his person and Caesar.
A week later, on April 29th, back on the Senate floor, Consul Marcellus is not quiet and continues to attack an absent Julius Caesar. He proposes taking away all Roman Provinces from Caesar before the military command expires. Later that day, the Senators vote and disagree with Consul Marcellus.
Another week later, on May 7th, the Roman Senate passes a decree one legion of Roman soldiers from both General Pompey and Imperator Caesar and then the two legions will be sent to fight in the Roman Parthian War on the continent of Africa.
One Roman legion had been borrowed from General Pompey to Imperator Caesar, during the Gaul revolt in the year 54 B.C.

Three weeks later, on May 21st, when the senatorial letter reaches Caesar. Caesar agrees to return the legion back to Pompey, which counts against him. Word from Caesar, two weeks later, on June 10th, the newly assigned Roman Governor Titus Labienus is ordered to send two Roman legions from Caesar from the total of seven Roman armies, from the lands of the Cisalpine Gaul, for the continuous Roman fight and might within the Parthian War.
After the last Gaul rebellion ends, on November 30th, the late day of the military campaign, by law of Roman, which is handled by his Roman Commanders, Imperator Julius Caesar, now, for the moment of time and space, controls the people, places, plants, and pets. He houses his remaining five legions throughout the quiet countryside within the Belgium villages and the Aedui lands. Then he rushes back to Athens leaving on December 1st with his personal guard escort horsemen, landing at the seaport of Vaucluse on December 7th and then departs by Roman ship and arrives on December 10th in the harbor of Rome. He meets with his political friends learning the new information. His two assigned Roman legions are not sent to the Roman Parthian War but have been given to General Pompey by Consul Caius Marcellus. Now, Caesar knows both in his heart and his mind that war is coming to Rome. Caesar immediately boards a new Roman ship and sails for three day back to the Vaucluse seaport joining his Roman staff members at his office in the city of Venna, Switzerland.
Political move: The latter years of 51 B.C. and 50 B.C. is a good example of the bolder and braver Gaul leaders and rebels fighting back for freedom, while the cowardly Gaul natives accept the terrible consequences coming from the Roman Republic.

History always repeats itself!

From the years of 58 B.C. to 50 B.C., Caesar conquers all the ancient Gaul (Belgium, France, Switzerland, Netherlands, and Luxembourg present day countries) lands and part of British Isles using his eight Roman legions, 4,000 cavalry horsemen, 600 archers becoming a wealthy Roman citizen, a legendary Roman war hero, and an unposed Roman political diplomat at the age of 50 years old. However, he drowns in authority, desires more power, and finally wages a Second Roman Civil War against the other Consul Pompey, the Great and all the rich and arrogant senators. When Pompey is purposefully assassinated by three Egyptian citizens, Caesar wins the civil war declaring himself the first Roman dictator, at the age of 56 years.
Ancient World History moment: The written historical account and personal perceptive from one or all of the Gaul leaders or natives or tribes are not recorded. Thus, Imperator Julius Caesar’s personal journal…journey is the only source of the Gallic Wars.
Military point: The Gallic horsemen are superior to the Roman cavalry. But the military strategy, tactics, discipline, engineering from the soldiers swiftly counters any passionate courage and bold bravery from the small independent Gaul tribes. Caesar brilliantly fought and then easily defeated each Gaul tribe conquering the entire Gaul territorial region with both brutality and blades. Caesar claims the right as a moral statement and the might as a military soldier but does not hesitate to murder innocent children embedding the Roman rule into the terrified mines of his new loyal subjects. He believes his person and his armies are protected by the Roman gods against the pagan, godless Gaul barbarians. He believes in taking the high moral ground only when he labels other humans as barbarians, and his person as the perfect Roman citizen, who slowly and surely becomes an emperor of the people and claims to become a god of the world.
Military point: The important military aspects for any future military commander is clearly demonstrated by Imperator Julius Caesar within his writings of the Gallic Wars. He stays prepared all time with both with troops and supplies; moves quickly over any type of terrain, and then seizes advantage point. Thus, he can, with both difficulties and problems, eventually quell each massive Gaul rebellion.
Military point: The brilliance of his specific Roman military technique cannot be overlooked and include five different factors.
Caesar keeps two or three spare legions in reserve to assist the seasoned Romans when a difficult fight occurs or to grab the advantage point from an unexpected opportunity. 
Facing a larger force of foes, he deliberately moves the Romans into a dominating battlefield position, so the foe is less efficient and effective in the battle fight.
He shifts the Romans around and as he fights only one smaller independent group of foes one at a time.
He never attacks first and always protects his rear end.
Gaius Julius Caesar was born in the city of Athens, in the year 100 B.C. and then was assassinated by 60 anger, resentful Roman senator members dying on top of Roman Senate floor, on March 15th, in the year 44 B.C., at the age of 56 years old.
His father was the Roman governor of the Asia Province. At the age of 16 years old, his father dies and then Caesar becomes the “Man of the Roman Household.”
His aunt Julia is married to Gaius Marius. His uncle-by-marriage Gaius and Lucius Cornelius Cinna control Rome.
Caesar is elected and becomes a flamen dialis, a high priest of the Roman religion practices for Roman God Jupiter. And he is married to Cornelia, the daughter of Lucius Cornelius Cinna.
As a priest, he cannot touch a horse, sleep outside his bed for three nights, sleep outside of Rome, or view an army.
However, when Sulla, the vicious and vile revel of Uncle-by-marriage Gaius Marius, wins the First Roman Civil War between the Rome citizens, Caesar becomes a death target from Sulla’s friends. Caesar loses his job, his monies, his lands, and the monies of his wife Cornelia. With the loss of his priesthood, Caesar enters the military service.
In the year 78 B.C., Dictator Sulla dies, so 22 years old, Caesar comes back to Rome becoming a legal advocate or modern day attorney. He is a natural orator using both his impassioned gestures and high-pitched voice successfully prosecuting all the nasty Roman government officials for extortion and corruption.
During a sea ship voyage across the Aegean Sea, he is kidnapped by a group of sea pirates. They demand 20 talents of silver for his ransom. Caesar suggests 60 talents of silver for his person. The coins are paid; Caesar is released. He secures a ship, chases, and then captures the same group of sea pirates, imprisoning them in Rome. In the prison cell, Caesar torments and tortures them before cutting through each human throat with his dagger. Then he returns into the Roman military recruiting an auxiliary unit comprised of both archers and cavalry units for the Roman army. An auxiliary unit represents three/fifths of one legion or 354 soldiers.
In the year 69 B.C., at the age of 31 years old, he is elected as a Tribune or a Roman defender for the rights of the individuals. His wife Cornelia dies; his aunt Julia dies.
In the year 67 B.C., he marries Pompela, the daughter of Pompey and then divorces her in the year 61 B.C.
In the year 65 B.C., he is elected as an Aedile or a Roman administrator, who is responsible for all public entertainment festivals in the area, police protection of the populous, maintenance and repairment of all Roman temples, public buildings, streets, sewers, markets, and aqueducts, supervision of traffic; supervision of public decency, precaution against fires, and also supplied the shipments of grain and water supply.
In the year 63 B.C., he is elected as a Roman Pontifex Maximus or the Roman high priest of the Roman religion, based on his heavy money bribes.
In the year 62 B.C., he is assigned the Governor of Hispania, but his bank account is in deep money debt. He conquers two local tribes and is awarded the military title of Imperator.
In the year 60 B.C., he is awarded the military title Imperator again.
In the year 59 B.C., after his only child Julia becomes married to Pompey, Caesar is elected as a third Consul of the Roman Republic along with Pompey, the Great and Marcus Licinius Crassus creating the First Triumvirate, the “Rule of Three Men.” Calpurnia marries Caesar.
While serving on the First Triumvirate, the Roman aristocracy allows him to rule over the woods and the pastures of Italy. With the assistance and bribes of his political allies, he receives the governorship of Transalpine Gaul. His governorship is assigned for five years and provides automatic immunity from criminal prosecution of any previous crimes of state or slave.
At the end of 59 B.C., when his consulship ends, Caesar avoids all his prosecution crimes from his slight irregularities in public office and leaves for Transalpine Gaul lands in January 58 B.C. However, he is still in massive financial debt from his numerous political bribes, but his new governorship role provides an opportunity for both business extortion and military adventures.
From the years 58 B.C. to 50 B.C., two terrible events affected the friendship between Caesar and Pompey. Consul member Marcus Licinius Crassus was killed in action during the foreign war by a Parthian assassin and Pompey’s wife, who was the only child of Caesar, died in childbirth. Those two events formed the vicious, vile tension between the two men as two political rivals also.
In the year 50 B.C., his governorship ends; he will become a Roman citizen again.
Political move; The Roman Senate ordered the Roman army disbanded under the leadership of Imperator Julius Caesar, so they could proclaim and then prosecute Roman citizen Julius Caesar with the crimes of war.
Military move: Caesar refuses.
Military move: His former son-in-law, Roman war hero Pompey, the Great refuses to disband his smaller legions of Roman soldiers also.
Military move: So, Caesar marches to Rome and then marches from the Gaul lands towards the Rubicon River. 
The Rubicon River is a shallow body of water 80 miles long which is located in northern Italy, north of the city of Rimini. A creek stream starts and then flows down from the Apennine Mountains turning into a river at the Adriatic Sea and then flows south into the Emilia-Romagna valley. The waters are colored in red minerals from heavy iron deposits in the riverbed. The word, rubicon, means red.
The Rubicon River waters are a physical marker between the Roman Province of Cisalpine Gaul and Italy proper lands.
In the year 49 B.C., in the month of January, on the 10th, Julius Caesar leads one legion of Romans across the shallow waters on the Rubicon River and mumbles for his eardrums, only, “The die is cast.” He is heading toward the city of Athens. His deliberate action is a direct break in Rome law limiting his imperator status. He purposefully threatens with death all the rich, powerfully elite Roman citizens and senators and plans to overthrow the Roman Republic by making the concept of a civil war inevitable.
“Crossing the Rubicon” is a modern day term, meaning, a grave course of action with no point of return.
In the city of Rome, hearing the news fly through the cold air waves, Consul Pompey and a majority of the Roman senators flee from the city for the Second Roman Civil War.
From the year 49 to 45 B.C., two opposing Roman generals fight over the dictatorship of Rome. Caesar wins the last battle fight and wins the war, in the year 45 B.C. He enters the county of Egypt, finding the bone skull of an assassinated Pompey, kills the nasty Egyptian assassins, resolves another family feud, places Queen Cleopatra on the royal throne, and then returns to Athens, where he is named as a first Roman Dictator for eleven days in the year 45 B.C.
On March 15th, in the year 44 B.C., Dictator of Rome, Julius Caesar is stabbed to death in the Roman Senate floor by 60 Roman Senators led by Marcius Junius Brutus and Gaius Cassius Longinus.
From both a final military and political analyze coming from all the numerous clever and lucky military campaigns of Imperator and Proconsul Julius Caesar, the Gaul natives were exceptionally brutally murdered, permanently enslaved, and taken away from their native homesteads, including all their family members and friends. However, the Gaul tribes continued to resist Roman rulers and rules while rattling the Roman cages, until the year 27 B.C., when the Gaul lands became a Roman province, within the new and expanding Roman Empire. However, the bold, brave and independent Gaul fighters continued the battle fight and revolts with the Roman Empire and the Roman army, until all the Gaul natives were dead and then completely conquered and vanished in the year 70 A.D.
The Roman soldiers came from Roman provinces throughout the kingdom and each man was paid in Roman coins. Money is a nice ally, when you do not possess money. Thus, he became the banker creating the emotion of devotion from all his war soldiers.
Caesar as the general of the army allowed the soldiers to share in the bootie and to loot all the personal properties from all the enslaved and frightened natives of each conquered oppidum or rural village. Thus, he became a friend and created loyalty from the soldiers.
When you are a devoted and loyalist fool, you hear and obey your stupid leader.
The soldiers over the eight years became bold, brave, and relentless in their evil deeds of raiding, raping, looting, stealing, and murdering innocent peoples for the money, the fame, the job. Thus, he became a god and created an army of followers, not an army of soldiers.
Ironically, the French finale from the bloody and horrible ancient Gallic Wars; the bloody and terrible Italian Second Roman Civil War, and with an arrogant gull on a mortal man from the city of Rome, Roman citizen Gaius Julius Caesar got his just rewards with a sharp dagger tips through his back spine into his heart and then slowly suffers and fatefully dies on the top of the bloody Roman Senator floor as both a Roman dictator and a Roman godless man.


Thirty minutes later, in the city of Mobile, at 01:01 p.m., the rain sheets ceased; the storm clouds started to disappear into the Gulf of Mexico sea waters. The heated sunlight was peeking through the dark clouds. She didn’t hear the bonging sound from heavy raindrop and smiled reaching out for the intercom button.
“The streets are flooded, right now, from the routine afternoon summer thunderstorm. I will wait and watch right here until the rain water swiftly drains down into the man-made city street sewers. Else the limo will be flooded in the flowing rain waters and then it will lose power. Then you can walk to your hair and nail appointment.” He reported the bad news to his client Magritte then shut off the intercom system.
She buzzed her lips in annoyance turning to see the lovely lights of sunlight and the white tinted cloud formations. Magritte knew that information riding in a limousine for decades also but was soberly frustrated that she had been seated in the same leather seat, within the same transport, since nine o’clock this morning, lounging on top of the same roadway, one mile from the same hospital building. Actually, she was closer to her home rather than her hair salon building. Maybe, she should abandon her beauty appointment today and schedule one next week, when the traffic was light, and the daylight hours were not busy with an upcoming weekend of holiday celebration.
Her skull itched from the tiny dirt balls and the dried sweat beads on her bone head. She scratched her dirty scalp like a cat whispering in a soft timber, staring at the glass window, “No! I need my hair roots colored and my nails painted. The sky is bright and sunny. The peasants are going back to work. And the roadways will become cleared within thirty minutes,” she looked down and started reading the new information.
Magritte smiled and exhaled with a puff of delight. She whispered, “That college paper was outstanding. Attila did a good job on his college paper that was used for military instruction at the Marion Military College in Marion, Alabama.” She typed on the tiny keyboard accessing the new information. “Let’s view the biography of Gaius Caninius Rebilus.” She silently read the article.

Gaius Caninius Rebilus comes from the ruling class of Romans.
In the year 52 B.C., he commands two legions on the northern side of the Roman rampant during the Siege of Alesia and aids in the battle victory for Caesar on October 2nd.
In the year 51 B.C., he commands, attacks, and wins the Siege of Limonum, with the help of Caesar, of course, within the lands of the Pictones. Then he marches to the lands of Cadurci, attacks and wins the battle fight against Gaul leader Lucterius at the Uxellodunum Oppidum, with the aid of Caesar, of course.
In the year 49 B.C. he and his legion marches behind Caesar crossing the Rubicon River heading to the city of Rome.
From the years 48 B.C. to 45 B.C., he leaders and wars against General Pompey’s armies until the last Roman war, at the Battle at Munda, where the rest of the opposing Roman leaders and soldiers are killed or pardoned by the new Roman Dictator Julius Caesar.
In the month of December, on the last day, in the year 45 B.C., Roman Consul Quintus Fabius Maximus suddenly dies and then Gaius Caninius Rebilus becomes the new consul for the last hours of the year. Then Caesar assigns Marcus Antonius for the job.
The elderly Roman orator and Roman political critic Marcus Cicero states: “Understand, therefore, that in the consulship of Caninius, no one breakfasted. However, while he was consul there was no harm done, for he was so astonishingly vigilant, that throughout his consulship, he never ever closed his eyes.”
His only child, a son named Gaius Caninius Rebilus, becomes the Consul of the Roman Empire in the year 12 B.C.

Magritte smiled with a giggly chuckle. “Well, old and fat Cicero might have had the last words about a newly appointed Consul Gaius Caninius Rebilus, but Rebilus had survived through numerous war battles from the ancient years of 58 B.C. to 45 B.C. And his son became a consul, too, 33 years later. This electronic article does not give the date of birth or the date of death for the elderly Rebilus, but he had outlived both Julius Caesar and his blood lines and Cicero and his blood lines. So, Rebilus had chosen wisely,” she laughed with an unladylike evil tone and then grinned with delight. “Rebilus is an ally to new Roman Empire. Who’s up next? I don’t know any of these Roman military officers, so I’ll pick the name that appears numerous times throughout the paper. Gaius Trebonius, which side did you pick, the dark side or the evil side?”
Gaius Trebonius was born in the year 92 B.C. into an equestrian family.
In the year 55 B.C., he was a senator and proposed a new decree. Consul Pompey command for five years having the right to make war or grant peace in the province of Hispania. Consul Marcus Licinius Crassus will receive a military command for five years having the right to make war or grant peace in the province of Syria.
In the year 54 B.C., he served as a military commander during the second sea voyage to British Isles and attacked King Cassivellaunus; and then he and his legions went to rescue Marcus Cicero in Nervii lands.
In the year 53 B.C., he harassed the Eburones natives in the region of Huy.
In the year 50 B.C, he commanded four legions in the region of Belgic Gaul. On October 20, when the news of Consul Gaius Claudius Marcellus had asked Pompey to defend Rome against Julius Caesar, Caesar ordered Trebonius and his three legions to the lands of Matisco in northern Italy proper.
On April 3, 49 B.C., Caesar arrived and led Gaius Trebonius and his three legions to the town of Massilia and then started to attack the city. The siege lasted from April 19th to September 6th until the Roman leaders surrendered.
In the year 48 B.C., Trebonius followed Caesar into Rome and resumed his role of a Roman senator again. He also aided money to Cicero, after Cicero returned to Italy.
In the year 46 B.C., Trebonius became the governor of Hispania. In the Roman governor’s office setting, he was driven out by Pompey’s armies and then forced back to Rome. Back at home, he confronted Marcus Antonius and plotted to assassinate Caesar. His idea was dismissed by Marcus Antonius.
On October 1st, in the year 45 B.C., Trebonius became Consul of the Roman Republic while still plotting the assassination of Caesar. Trebonius preferred the liberty of Rome people over his friendship of Caesar.
In the early part of March, of the year 44 B.C., Trebonius as a Roman senator again questions Caesar, who does not stand for his Roman dictatorship honors coming from the Roman Senate. Caesar continues to sit and arrogantly smirks to Trebonius.
In the month of March, on the 15th, Trebonius distracts Marcus Antonius, in front of the Theatre of Pompey, conversing with a sweet chat, while the other senators stab Caesar to death on top of the senate floor. After hearing the screams, Marcus leaves Trebonius. Trebonius quickly escapes Roman and flees to the Roman Province of Asia as a consul. He raises both troops and monies for prime assassins Brutus and Cassius. Then he aids Cassius in an escape to the country of Syria. Trebonius tries to escape but is betrayed and then captured by turncoat Publius Cornelius Dolabella through a series of Asia Minor roads.
Gaius Trebonius was labeled as one of the tyranncides.

She frowned. “What! What’s that new word, tyranncides? I’ve never heard of it.” She typed on her phone. “Tyrannicide, the word was applied both in the cultures of Ancient Rome and Ancient Greek. Tyrannicide is the act of killing a tyrant or the killer of a tyrant. Sometimes, the Tyrannicide was celebrated by the Greek natives and then he or she was exempt from prosecution after killing a would-be tyrant or current ruling tyrant.”
In the year 43 B.C., in the month of January, Gaius Trebonius is tried in a Roman court of law and then is convicted as a murderer of Roman Dictator Julius Caesar. Then he is tortured and finally is beheaded ending his life.

“Ugh! Ugly!” She frowned. “The Ancient World History textbooks do not underestimate the degree of hate and greed and jealousy and arrogance of the Roman culture, the Roman wars, and the Roman ruling class of elites. Roman military officer and senator Gaius Trebonius starts out on the right side and then sees and learns the evil side of Julius Caesar. He’s correct. The people come before the leaders within any country. The leaders, who abuse the people, should be punished or exiled or terminated.” She typed on the keyboard accessing the new information.
Lucius Munatius Plancus is birthed in the year 87 B.C. He is named after his father, grandfather and great-grandfather.

She frowned. “I knew it! I knew it! I heard it! I see it here! The Romans started that stupid tradition of naming their children, the same name, after their father, their grandfather, and their great-grandfather and then assigning the same name to their biological sons, after their person. This concept proves that Ace possesses Roman blood too. I’ve thoroughly studied and researched his blood line going all the way back to the year 1525 A.D. All the males name their sons after themselves too.”
Lucius Munatius Plancus is a Roman military officer and fights with Caesar against Pompey.
In the year 44, on March 15th, he was the Consul of Gaul lands and was not there to take sides with the assassins.
In the year 43, in the month of March, he was a consul in Africa and still did not take sides again and would not commit his troops to the side of Brutus or the side of Antonius.
In the year 42 B.C. to 40 B.C., Plancus was the Consul of Syria and rooted only Lepidus.
In the year 36 B.C., Plancus was a consul in Switzerland and then switched sides and joined Octavian against Antonius.
In the year 27 B.C., on January 26, Plancus suggested to Octavian, the royal name of Augustus over Romulus.
In the year 22 B.C., he was appointed by Augustus Caesar in the office of Censor and did nothing in his new job.
Lucius Domitius Ahenobarbus, the grandfather of Emperor Nero, forces Plancus off the Roman street, so his liter can move ahead of the silly mature man. A brilliant example, the ruling class detest for con-man Plancus.
Plancus conceived two children, a son and a daughter. He died in the year 15 B.C.
His daughter is named Munatius Plancina. She was born in the year 35 B.C. and married Gnaeus Calpurnius Piso, and then birthed two sons, Gnaeus and Marcus Piso. In the country of Syria, she lived with her family and hired a poisoner. After the death of Germanicus, Plancina and her husband Piso were accused of poisoning Roman General Germanicus.
Germanicus Julius Caesar was born on May 24, in the year 15 B.C. in the city of Rome and the son of Nero Claudius Drusus and Antonia, the Younger. He was a general in the Roman Empire and at the age of 33 years old, he was assassinated on October 10, in the year 19 A.D., in the city of Antioch, within the modern country of Turkey.
Back in Athens, the married couple was cleared of the criminal charges by the Roman Senate.
In the year 34 A.D., Plancina was again charged with poisoning Germanicus and then committed suicide. Her husband Piso changed his name and then moved to the country of Africa with his two sons.

Magritte frowned. “Wow! That’s a sorry and sorrow tale for the Plancus family! His daughter Plancina learned from the best, her con-man father. Her father used his con man skills and lived to become 72 years old. She had shorted her long life at the age of 69 years old but lived the same way through her exposed con artist jobs for power and poisons.” She typed on the keyboard and then silently read more of the ancient and dead Roman military commanders.

Quintus Pedius is the grandnephew of Roman Dictator Julius Caesar and born in the year 82 B.C.
In the year 60 B.C., at the age of 20 years old, he married.
In the year 61 B.C., at the age of 21 years old, he conceived a son named Quintus Pedius Publicola.
In the year 57 B.C., at the age of 25 years old, he served as a military general in the Gallic Wars.
In the year 55 B.C., at the age of 27 years old, he lost his Roman election.
In the years 49 to 48 B.C, during the Second Roman Civil War, from the ages of 33 to 34 years old, he allied with his grand uncle.
In the year 45 B.C., at the age of 37 years old, he gave the money inheritance from his grand uncle Julius Caesar to his second cousin, Gaius Julius Caesar Octavianus.
In the year 43 B.C., in the month of August, at the age of 39 years old, he and Octavian were elected as duel consuls.
As a consul, Quintus Pedius proposed a decree punishing all the murderers of Caesar with a death sentence and it passed with the Roman Senate. Pedius was upset with his new Roman decree and provided seventeen names of Roman citizens, who were marked for an immediate death act. He became so upset in both distress and stress from his new consul job that he died in the same year.
He conceived a son named Quintus Pedius Publicola, who became a Roman Senator. Publicola conceived a son named, Quintus Pedius, who was both mute and deaf.

She frowned. “The boy becomes a man! Not here in this sad tale! Caesar’s grandnephew did not possess any of Augustus’s or Caesar’s cold-blood curdling murderous tones. The poor lad was bullied by his wife, his sisters, his mother, and his grandmother, and the rest of his blood-related relatives and then died a young life leaving his wife and his child. So sad!” She typed on the tiny keyboard of her personal mobile telephone. “One more former Roman military officer under Caesar.”

Servius Sulpicius Galba was born in the year 94 B.C.
In the year 72, at the age of 22 years old, he married.
In the year 71, at the age of 23 years old, he conceived a son named Gaius Sulpicius Galba.
In the year 57 B.C., at the age of 37 years old, he served as a Roman Legion Infantry Commander under Caesar and defeated the Gaul rebels in the Battle of Octodurus near the roadway of the Great Saint Bernard’s Pass.
In the years 56 to 55 B.C., from the ages of 38 to 39 years old, he served as a Roman Senator.
In the year 54 B.C., at the age of 40, he became a Roman Praetor or a Roman President.
In the year 49 B.C., at the age of 45 years old, he lost the election office of Consul of the Roman Republic, due to his friendship with Imperator Julius Caesar.
In the year 48 to 45 B.C., from the ages of 46 to 47 years old, he fought with General Pompey and then was pardoned by Dictator Julius Caesar.
In the year 45 B.C., at the age of 47 years old, he became a Roman Senator.
In the year 44 B.C., at the age of 48 years old, he was one of the 60 assassins stabbing Caesar to death and then became marked for death coming from the newest members of the Roman Senate.
His only son was named Gaius Sulpicius Galba, who served as a Roman Senator and a Consul of the Roman Empire, in the year 05 B.C., during the reign of Emperor Augustus Caesar.
His grandchildren were Gaius Sulpicius Galba. He was born in the year 13 B.C., becoming a Roman Senator at the age of 30 years old and then a Consul of Roman Empire, at the age of 35 years, in the year 22 A.D. However, he spent all his wealth and could not live his life as a poor man taking his own life force, in the year 36 A.D., at the age of 49 years old.
His second grandson was named Servius Sulpicius Galba on December 24th, in the year 03 B.C., in a country villa near Tarracina. He served during the royal Emperor Roman reigns of Augustus, Tiberius, Caligula, Claudius, and Nero as multiple times as the Governor of Aquitania in the years 28 to 32 A.D.; the Consul of the Roman Empire in the year 33 A.D., military commander in the years 34 to 44 A.D. and Proconsul of Africa in the year 45 A.D. He retired from public service and came back at the age of 63 years old, in the year 60 A.D. as the Governor of Hispania.
Galba was a very wealthy man, cruel in actions, and vicious in spirit, completely bald, without a single lock of hair, and possessed crippling arthritis in both his hands and feet. He could not wear a pair of shoes or handle a book.
For eight years, he assisted in quelling rebellions with the one Roman legions for the Roman Empire, within the country of Hispania, when on April 2nd in the year 68 A.D., he was offered and then accepted the throne of the Roman Empire. The Roman Senate confirmed Servius Sulpicius Galba as Emperor of the Roman Empire on June 8th.
This event marked the end of the Julio-Claudian Dynasty regarding the end of the line for deceased Roman Dictator Julius Caesar and all his blood-related emperors.
Through the summer months of July into the autumn months of October, in the year 68 A.D., Emperor Galba battled and then defeated the Upper Germany warring foes, the anger Roman commanders, and his own disappointed Roman soldiers, who all wanted the Crown, too, until he marched into the city of Rome.
In the city of Rome, his new kingdom, Galba, who was a very wealthy man, first ordered the repayment of money gifts coming back from all of Nero’s Roman senators and friends at 2.2 billion dollars back into the Roman Treasury while Galba received ninety percent of the take or 1.98 billion of the repayment monies into his personal bank account while angering the senators.
His second royal order, Galba refused to pay monies to the Roman soldiers as the new emperor while angering the army. 
His third royal order, as he was not married and did not have a royal heir, he selected 30-year-old Lucius Calpurnius Piso Licinianus as his newly adopted son and his newly kingly successor, which angered the other citizens of Rome.
On January 15, in the year 69 A.D., barely turning 71 years old, Roman Emperor Galba and his newly adopted son Piso were walking in the Roman Forum, attacked by his Praetorian Guard, murdered there and then their two bone skulls were presented to Otho, who became the new Roman Empire.

Present day, space, place, and time, on top of the bench seat, Magritte gasped in shock. “Geez, Louie! The paternal bloodline of 1st Century B.C. Roman military officer Servius Sulpicius Galba ended there in the year 69 A.D. both of his grandsons died a violent death. Poor Galba had a rough life during Caesar’s reign along with his grandchildren with another Roman Emperor.” She started to type on the tiny keyboard looking up more internet information, reading in silent.
Titus Labienus was born in the year 100 B.C. from an equestrian family.

She frowned. “What is an equestrian? I’ve seen that word before. I don’t know the meaning. What does a Roman equestrian family member do or want or possess? What does it mean for the Roman soldier?” Magritte typed on the computer and quietly read the new information.

The settlement of Rome was founded by Romulus, who became the king of the Italian lands, in the year 753 B.C., which comprised four to six separate hilltops facing the modern day Tiber River banks displaying grassy meadows with tall fruit trees, wild pigs, and wilder vegetables.
A few years later, in the year 750 B.C., he installed the Order of Knights, a herd of 300 riders and horses, protecting his person during his parade to the other villages and other territories.
In the year 616 B.C., King Lucius Tarquinius Priscus enlarged the Order of the Knights from 300 to 600 herds of horses and their talented riders for his personal parade.
In the year 578 B.C., King Servius Tullius greater expanded the Order of the Knights from 600 to 1,800 horsemen plus a Roman army of 6,000 foot soldiers for either war or parade or both within his personal Roman Kingdom.
In the year 450 B.C., there existed 50 patrician clans, where the senatorial class claimed each seat within the Senate House and each Order of the Knight patrician horseman rode beside their king. In the year 44 B.C., the patrician clan had been reduced down to fourteen families, including Julius Caesar.
Over the centuries, the Order of the Knights company was an inherited horseman honor going to the male from each patrician social class. However, with continuous warfare fights, when the patrician knights were killed off, the demand for new horsemen increased, so the Roman Censors started to approve the enrollment of new horsemen from the lower ranks of the plebeian social class. Thus, a new Roman society was created.
Rolling into the age of the Roman Republic, four main classes developed and then existed among the Roman population, including the patricians, the equestrians, the plebeians, and the slaves.
The patricians represented the highest social class coming from the wealthiest families in the city of Rome. Almost all the senators came from a patrician clan. In the Roman Senate, the leader of the Senate was only a patrician clan member and each patrician senator had the right to speak first during any senatorial debate. All the priesthood positions were dominated by the patrician clan members too.
The Roman Senate was the beating heart of the Republic assuming total control of state taxation, expenditure, declarations of war, signing of treaties, raising of legions, establishing colonies.
Between the patrician clan and the plebeian class, the equestrian society existed based on land property values ranking below the senatorial class members of men.
A family member of an equestrian order was known as an eques. The word, equites, comes from the Latin word, eques, meaning literally a horse. In the land of Britain, the equites references, the word, knight.
The common equestrian members included occupations associated with tax collectors, bankers, gold and silver mineral miners, exporters of Roman merchandise, and the land and building contractors, who maintained the roads, the aqueducts, and all the temple and buildings within the city of Rome.
The newly created equestrian order was referenced as Eques or Equites or Equestri or Equestris ordinis, which represented the “Knights of the Cavalry,” in regard to the Roman military army. The equestrian order was an exclusive club based on your personal wealth of land holdings.
The newer and younger equestrian class members dressed his body with a narrowly striped tunic underneath his toga, where the narrow stripe fabric was visually exposed over his right collar bone. A senator visually exposed a broad stripe panel over his right collar bone. The equestrian class member also wore a golden ring on his left hand. From the year 67 B.C., each equestrian member of the order was seated inside the amphitheater benches behind the rows of patrician senators enjoying all the Roman games and public functions.
A member of the equestrian clan was determined by a Roman Censor based on the assessment of Roman land property of 400 sestertii or the modern day U.S. currency of 100 dollars.
Based on the rough estimates of the Roman currency system between the Ancient Roman years from 75 B.C. and 27 B.C., when the ancient coins are compared to U.S. currency dollars, the following list of common Roman items can be applied as the standard examples for a Roman person or a family unit.
One as equals the U.S. currency of 6.25 cents.
Four asses equal one sesterce or the U.S. currency of 25 cents.
One sesterce equals the U.S. currency of 25 cents.
Four sestertii equal one denarius or the U.S. currency of $1.00.
One denarius equals the U.S. currency of $1.00.
The crop fields of wheat and rye grains produced numerous loafs of bread, where a loaf of bread was the main food staple in a Roman diet. Thus, one pound or 16 ounces of bread cost 2 asses or the U.S. currency of 13 cents.
A half-liter of Roman wine costs 4 asses or one sesterce or the U.S. currency of 25 cents.
A new tunic costs 15 sestertii or the U.S. currency of $3.75.
33 fluid ounces of olive oil costs 3 sestertii or the U.S. currency of 75 cents.
14 pounds of wheat grains cost 7 sestertii or the U.S. currency of $1.75.
14 pounds of rye grains cost 3 sestertii or the U.S. currency of 75 cents.
12 ounces or one pound of pork cost 12 sestertii or the U.S. currency of $3.00.
One farm donkey requires 500 sestertii or the U.S. currency of $125.00.
One slave sells at auction for 6,252 sestertii or 1,563 denarii or the U.S. currency of 1,563.00.
A Gallic slave girl named Fortunata sells for 2,400 sestertii or 600 denarii or the U.S. currency of $600.00 to a Roman male named Vegetus.
Per annual, a legion solider received 227 denarii or the U.S. currency of $227.00 per year.
Per annual, a praetorian guard received 375 denarii or the U.S. currency of $375.00 per year.
Per annual, a centurion guard received 4,000 denarii or the U.S. currency of $4,000.00 per year.
Per annual, one Roman Senator received 800,000 sestertii or 200,000 denarii or the U.S. currency of $200,000.00 per year. 
Per annual, one Roman Knight received 400,000 sestertii or 100,000 denarii or the U.S. currency of $100,000.00 per year.
A carpenter received 60 denarii per day for his work or the U.S. currency of $60.00 per day.
A baker received 50 denarii per day for his goods or the U.S. currency of $50.00 per day.
A sewer cleaner received 25 denarii per day for shit work or the U.S. currency of $24.00 per day.
A small farm was valued at 100,000 sestertii or 25,000 denarii or the U.S. currency of $25,000.00.
The richest man in Rome, Marcus Crassus was worth 200 million sestertii or 50 million denarii or the U.S. currency of $50,000,000.
The third society within Roman Republic, the plebeian clan was represented the small landowners.
The slave class was the lowest society within the country of Rome and owned by both the patricians and the plebeian landowners. The slaves were purchased coming from the spoils of warfare, after the conquered foreign countries.

She frowned. “Typical! Elites have ruled the world since the beginning of time and this internet articles proves my point. The elites had 50 times the salary amount of the poor working class in Ancient Rome. Why in the world would the working class be different now from then?” She exhaled with annoyance and then smiled. “Well, I did well. I’m rich, rich, and rich,” she looked down and read the information in silent.
Titus Labienus was born in the year 100 B.C. from an equestrian family.
In the year 78 B.C., at the age of 22 years old, he fought sea pirates in Cilicia.
In the year 63 B.C., at the age of 37 years old, under an influential suggestion from an ambitious Roman Senator Julius Caesar, Labienus was a Roman senator and proposed the duumviri against the Roman citizen, who murdered his uncle. Labienus was an infant.
The duumviri concept mutes the normal criminal law procedure, where the criminal is tried, without a defense orator, because the criminal action against all the Roman gods and goddesses is guilty and deserves immediately punishment. The punishment sentence for the criminal will cleanse the pollution of the crime and then appease all the Roman gods and goddesses, in order, to avoid the wrath from all the Roman gods and goddesses.
Before the Roman senators could vote on the duumviri concept, an augur or Roman priest exhibited a series of bad omens before killing a Roman citizen by this method. Thus, the duumviri session was postponed, and the criminal was exiled from the city of Athens.
In the same year, under a second influential suggestion from Caesar, Labienus proposed retuning all elections to the people, which later only benefited Caesar.
After his political career, Labienus joined the Gallic War as a skilled cavalry commander and then assumed the second commander role for all the Roman legions, when Caesar’s presence was required in the city of Athens as a member of the First Triumvirate.
In the year 58 B.C., he commanded two legions with cavalry units and wintered in the Gaul town of Vesontio.
In the year 57 B.C., he commanded two legions with cavalry units and attacked the rear flank against the Gaul rebels from the Atrebates and Nervii lands winning the battle fight for Caesar.
In the year 56 B.C., he commanded two legions with cavalry units and then defeated the Treveri rebels and killed their Gaul King Indutiomarus in battle while sending the German ally rebels back to Germanic lands.
In the year 55 B.C., at the Battle of Lutetia, he showed off his military tactical genius sending some of his Romans away but crossing the river waters and then performed a surprise attack on the Paris rebels. He sent in his remaining footmen and horsemen killing the Paris natives and then captured the oppidum with Romans.
In the year 51 B.C., in the month of September, he was named the governor of Cisalpine Gaul by Caesar.
In the year 49 B.C., after Caesar crossed the Rubicon River with one legion, Titus Labienus left his office, brought the German horsemen with him and then joined the armies of Pompey fighting for Rome and against Caesar and his armies. Titus Labienus became the commander of the cavalry units.
During the war planning stage, General Pompey refused to heed the wise advice from the new Pompeiian Cavalry Commander Titus Labienus that Caesar’s army is thin and weak and to face Caesar in the country side of Italy and do not retreat to the Roman towns within modern day countries of Spain and Portugal.
At the Battle of Pharsalus, Pompey was defeated by Caesar and then fled to the foreign county of Egypt. Titus fled with his Pompeiian cavalry to the country of Africa.
In the year 46 B.C., Titus met Caesar at the Battle of Ruspina routing the Roman cavalry but still lost the war battle.
At the Battle of Thapsus, Titus and his cavalry were defeated, again, by the armies of Caesar. He retreated from the lost battle and then joined military forces with Pompey’s son, the younger Gnaeus Pompeius, within the country of Hispania. 
At the Battle of Munda, Titus, his cavalry, and both of Pompey’s son fought against Caesar. When a line of new horsemen entered the battlefield, Titus spun around to meet the horsemen from King Boqud, who was an ally of Caesar. The Pompeian horsemen assumed defeat and broke up the approaching battle lines. Both the Pompeian army and horsemen suffered injuries, death and then defeated; Titus Labienus was killed in the active battle fight.
After the winning victory party, later in the evening, the severed head on a deceased Titus Labienus was brought to Caesar. Caesar ordered the body of his old friend found and then buried both items with full Roman honors.
Roman Cavalry Commander Titus Labienus was both a skilled cavalry commander and had exhibited better military genius above Imperator Julius Caesar.

Magritte frowned. “Well, he was a brave and bold man seeing through Julius Caesar and was extremely both lucky and unlucky. If only, Titus had picked the side of Caesar, then he’d have lived longer and served Augustus Caesar well. But alas! History has been written.” She smiled. “Who’s the next name mentioned a thousand times within the writings of Caesar? O yeah! That smart kid named Crassus. He served in war at the age of 24 years old. Geez, Louie! I was still in college getting my Master’s degree in Finance, not warring with weapons against my country’s foes.”
Publius Licinius Crassus was born in the year 82 B.C. and the son of Marcus Licinius Crassus and Tertulla, who was the daughter of Marcus Terentius Varro Lucullus.

His father Marcus Licinius Crassus was born in the year 115 B.C. He served as a military general under the first Roman Dictator Sulla and then as a Roman Consul, who aided in the transformation of the Roman Republic into the Roman Empire. He was the richest man in Rome. He held two sons, Marcus Licinius Crassus, born in the year 86 B.C., and Publius Licinius Crassus, born in the year 82 B.C.
His youngest son Publius was the last generation of ruling elite nobles to hold a political office in the city of Rome. His peers included Marcus Antonius, Marcus Junius Brutus, Decimus Junius Brutus Albinus, Gaius Valerius Catullus, and Gaius Sallustius Crispus.

She gasped in shock. “I realize all those ancient and dead Roman people names. They’re all both famous and infamous. Marcus Antonius died young. Marcus Junius Brutus died young. Decimus Junius Brutus Albinus died young. Gaius Valerius Catullus died young. And Gaius Sallustius Crispus was a historical writer, not a fighter and died in the year 32 B.C., at the age of 50 years old. Wow! The Roman elites all ended before the turn of the century.”
Publius and his older brother Marcus grew up in a traditional Roman elite ruling class household offering a stable and an orderly lifestyle for two teenagers.
Their father Marcus Licinius Crassus was known for his excessive greedy land-grab on Roman and foreign soils, thus making him, the “richest man in Rome,” who lived without excess or luxury items within his household. The family meals were simple; the family entertainment was plain. Marcus selected friends based on personal friendship and political gain. And he was not descended down from a Roman god or goddess unlike the other Roman elites gave claim. 
As a child, Marcus lived in a modest house with many generations of blood-related relatives, who all practiced and preached the art of sumptuary.
A sumptuary law tries to regulate or restrain the consumption of extravagant luxury merchandise such like, dress, food, drink, and furniture items against the basic human necessities for daily living, as, food, clothes, and shelter, within a family unit, based on a moral ground or a religious statue.
During the First Roman Civil War with Sulla, when his brother was killed, Marcus married his sister-in-law, an ancient traditional Roman custom. Marcus and Tertulla were married for 35 years, a new Roman idea. His two fellow Roman peers, Pompeius Magnus married five times and Julius Caesar married three times.
In Rome, the first born son carries the name of his biological father. Thus, first born baby son Marcus Licinius Crassus is named after his biological father, but his military achievements within the Gallic Wars are overshadowed by his baby brother Publius and not even mentioned in the writings by Caesar or the modern day World History textbooks either.
However, during their marriage of 35 years, Marcus stayed with his wife Tertulla even during the personal attacks on her character reputation. Marcus Tullius Cicero, the Roman political and social critic states: There seems to bear a strong facial resemblance between Quintus Axius of Reate and Tertulia’s first born son.
Publius and his older brother Marcus were educated at home by Philosopher Alexander. Philosopher Alexander states he receives a poor renumeration coming from their father wealthy Marcus for the formal education of his two young sons.
Thus, the two boys were taught to disregard material possessions and accumulate knowledge. This is also an ancient concept shared and lectured by the ancient Philosopher Greek Aristotle, where a man is the creature of his politics.
As Roman tradition for the rich, elite ruling class sons, a Roman son served as a military intern, at the age of 15 years old, within another Roman territory, before assuming their formal military duties to the Roman army.
In the years 61 to 60 B.C., at the age of 21 years old, Publius, his older brother 25 years old Marcus, and their Roman childhood friend Decimus Brutus served their military internship under Governor Julius Caesar, within the modern day country of Spain or the ancient Roman name Hispania.
The father and the grandfather of Publius served their military duties within Roman Hispania also. His grandfather Licinius Crassus earned his Roman Triumph or one-day parade event through the streets of Athens in front of the populous and became a political Roman Senator and orator. During the First Roman Civil War, his father Marcus Licinius Crassus lived there in Hispania while avoiding a death day, unlike his uncle and his grandfather.
In the year 58 B.C., Publius, at the age of 25 years old, became the field Commander of the 4,000 Roman cavalry units, in the Gallic War, based on his military abilities under Governor Julius Caesar. And he restructured the cavalry into a fighting unit for the imperator.
During the engagement meeting between Caesar and German King Ariovistus, the Suebi warriors attacked the Romans. Young Cavalry Knight Publius stood on the fringes and then quickly assessed the battlefield situation ordering the third line of Roman infantry into the warfare, where Caesar won the fight. Then Publius and his Roman horsemen chased and killed some of the Germanic warriors but failed to capture German King Ariovistus.
In the year 57 B.C., at the Battle of Sambre, 26 years old Publius and his horsemen received a beating from the Gaul Nervii natives. Then he and his horsemen were sent to the Gaul coastline of Armorica in the modern day region of Brittany to quell a Gaul rebellion as he was successful.
In the year 56 B.C., he, one legion and his 1,000 horsemen were sent to the Armorica territory again watching over the Gaul costal tribes including the Veneti, Venellii, Osismii, Curiosolites, Esubii, Aulerci, and Redones.
In the year 56 B.C., during the upcoming Roman naval war with the Veneti rebels, Publius and his 1,000 horsemen were sent to the Aquitania lands along with 4,320 Roman footmen winning his war battle against the Gaul rebel army and its highly trained Sotiates Commander Adcantuannus, who had been trained by a former Roman general named Quintus Sertorius from the year 70 B.C.
After the war battle in the Aquitania lands, he wintered with 1,000 of his devoted Celtic horsemen back at his home, along the countryside of Athens, during the remaining months of year 56 B.C.
In the month of January, in the year 55 B.C., he married sixteen years old Cornelia Metella. She was the heiress of the last Roman ruling elite class of Scipiones, and the daughter of Quintus Caecillius Metellus Pius Scipio Nasica.
The arranged marriage event started the first leg becoming a Roman political career for young Publius, like his father, and the marriage ceremony continued the Optimates Faction or political party.
The Optimates Faction represents a selected group of political conservative Roman senators, who preserve the aristocratic oligarchy through a marriage contract and prevent a single Roman’s rise to power through the populous or the military.
The opposing political party is Populous or “for the people.” Julius Caesar represented the Populous political party.
The second step in becoming a Roman Senator was serving as the security chief along with his 1,000 Celtic horsemen, during the street violence from his father’s campaign, for the second consulship of Athens. 
His third act, he served as a monetale or a money man authorizing and issuing coins. This Roman office is the next step for a Roman man becoming a Roman Senator.
After the elections of the senators, the First Triumvirate was still maintained by the three men consisting of Pompey, Crassus and Caesar. Each consul will an additional five year assignment. The Spanish Roman provinces were ruled by Pompeius; Crassus received the countries of Syria and beyond the eastern boundaries. Caesar still reigned over the violate and violence Gaul lands.
In the month of February, Marcus Crassus along with his son Publius met with members of the Roman Senate and Marcus Cicero. Crassus proposed launching a war against the Parthia Empire. Most of the senators disagreed as Rome had a treaty with the Parthia leadership. The other senators grumbled that Crassus was massing power while competing with Pompey and Caesar. And Crassus was promoting the military genius of his son Publius as a general.
In the April session of the Roman Senator, Gaius Trebonius was a senator and proposed a new decree. Consul Pompey will command for five years having the right to make war or grant peace in the province of Hispania. Consul Marcus Licinius Crassus will receive a military command for five years having the right to make war or grant peace in the province of Syria.
For the rest of the year in 55 B.C., Publius worked beside his father Marcus Crassus preparing for a new war. His father Marcus left on a Roman ship from the seaport of Brundisium in the month of November, in the year 55 B.C.
During the year 54 B.C., in the country of Syria, Marcus Crassus was 61 years old and hard of hearing and as he was greedy for the spoils of war and eager to showcase the talents of his son Publius. Before the war, Marcus was busy counting the money stacks instead of organizing his troops and soliciting allies. Publius and his 1,000 cavalry units arrived in the month of January of the year 53 B.C. At the Roman temple of Atargatis, Publius tripped over the gate and then his father tripped over him. This was a bad omen for the upcoming war.
At the Battle of Carrhae, on June 9th in the year 53 B.C., the Roman forces totaled 40,000 infantry, 4,000 cavalry, and 4,000 light archers and did outnumber the Parthian warriors. However, Marcus refused to stop resting the soldiers, engaging the enemy in an open sandy desert landscape. The Parthian army consisted to 1,000 horsemen with a long lance, 9,000 mounted archers and foot soldiers from a row of camels.
Marcus ordered a defensive square with a shield-wall protecting the soldiers. Publius led 1,300 cavalry units, 500 archers, and 4,000 footmen into the fray. The right side of the Parthian army retreats from the battle fight. Publius led his forces into a wall of dust and sand halting in place. The Parthian warriors encircle Publius and his forces creating an ambush, tossing volleys of arrows into the Roman throng. The arrow point hit Roman shields, flesh and bone. The Romans are defenseless and dying.
Publius charged into the fight. The Gaul horsemen started piecing the belly on each Parthian horse. But the fighting fray didn’t favor Publius. He had to retreat with his wounded men into a sloped hill. The Romans formed the shield perimeter useless against the rain of arrows. His soldiers tell Publius to escape but he disagreed. Publius ordered his men to escape and then presented his sword to his shield-bearer asking for his suicide. Censorinus and Megabocchus jointed their childhood friend Publius in death with a suicide pack too. 500 of Publius’ men survived the fray. Then the bone skull of Publius was stabbed at the tip of a Parthian lance and then paraded in front of the Roman campsite.
His father Marcus Crassus saw the bone skull of dead son and then became depressed with his military commands. 10,000 Romans led by Roman General Gaius Longinus Cassius escaped the battle fight. The rest were killed or captured by the Parthian army. At the surrendering party with the Parthian ambassadors, one of the soldiers touched the reins on Crassus’s horse, a fight ensued. Marcus Crassus and all his Roman generals were murdered.
Back in Rome, after the death of 29 years old, Publius Crassus, in front of the Roman Forum, all the different Roman elite nobles started to praise the accomplishments of the young dead male.

A gifted young orator.
An extremely well-educated man in polite literature.
A penetrating genius.
An elegant expression with gravity, sententious, modesty without arrogance.
A man of good moral character.
 
Publius’ father-in-law was Quintus Caecillius Metellus Pius Scipio Nasica. Scipio born in city of Athens, in the year 95 B.C. and was known as Metellus Scipio. His mother was named Licinia and his father was named Publius Cornelius Scipio Nasica, who died suddenly in the year 95 B.C. They had two sons and two daughters.
His paternal grandfather was Publius Cornelius Scipio Nasica, who was a consul in the year 111 B.C. His maternal grandfather was Lucius Licinius Crassus, who was a consul in the year 95 B.C.
His paternal great-grandfather was Publius Cornelius Scipio Nasica Serapio, who instigated the mod murder of the patrician leader Tiberius Gracchus, in the year 133 B.C. Great Grandfather Serapio is the grandson of Scipio Africanus.
His paternal great-grandfather was Quintus Caecillius Metellus Macedonicus.
His only child was a daughter named Cornelia Metella.
He inherited parts of his name, Caecillius Metellus Pius, from the land estate of deceased Metellus Pius. Thus, he was called Metellus Scipio or Scipio.
In the year 80 B.C., he served as an orator with Marcus Cicero, Marcus Messalla, and Metellus Celer against the prosecution of Roman Sextius Roscius.
In the year 77, at the age of 18 years old, Metellus Scipio was engaged to marry Aemilia Lepida, the daughter of Mamercus Aemilius Lepidus Livianus, who served as Consul in the same year. But he broke off the engagement.
Then Aemilia was engaged to Cato. Metellus Scipio changed his mind and then married the maiden while receiving furious threats from Cato. The couple birthed a son named Metellus Scipio who died at the age of 18 years old. They birthed a daughter named Cornelia Metella.
In the year 59 B.C., he served as a Roman Tribune.
In the year 57 B.C., he served as a Roman Aedile while presenting an array of lavish funeral games to the Athenians in honor of his dead father.
In the year 56 B.C., he served as a Roman Praetor or a Roman President.
In the year 55 B.C., his daughter Cornelia Metella married Publius Licinius Crassus.
In the year 53 B.C., he served as a Roman interrex with his lawyer friend Marcus Valerius Messalla.
In the year 53 B.C., after the death of a young and famous Roman Legion Cavalry Knight Publius Licinius Crassus, Scipio seized the political advantage over a powerful Imperator Julius Caesar and offered his daughter’s hand to a widowed Pompey. After the marriage of Cornelia and Pompey, Scipio became the new father-in-law of Pompey. Then Pompey declared both his social and political independence from a greedy, ambitious, powerful-hunger Imperator Julius Caesar.
In the year 52 B.C., at the age of 43 years old, he served with Pompey as the new Consul of the Roman Republic.
In the month of January, in the year 49 B.C., at the age of 46 years old, Scipio issued the decree within the Roman Senate starting the Second Roman Civil War with Imperator Julius Caesar. When the news of an approaching Caesar with one Roman legion arrived inside the Roman Senate, Scipio and all the other senators left Athens gathering both men and monies for the new civil war. He fled to the modern day country of Syria and gathered monies by imposing taxes on slaves, children, column post, doorways, grain shipment, soldiers, weapons, oarsmen, and machines.
In the year 48 B.C., at the Battle of Pharsalus, at the age of 47 years old, he arrived with a group of fighting soldiers from the lands of Asia and Greece battling against Caesar’s generals Gnaeus Domitius Calvinus and Lucius Cassius. After the war defeat by Caesar, Scipio fled to the country of Africa.
In the year 47 B.C., in the country of Africa, at the age of 48 years old, Scipio assumed the chief military command from Publius Attius Varus for the Pompey armies.
In the year 46 B.C., at the Battle of Thapsus, at the age of 49 years old, his childhood friend Cato committed suicide, after the Pompeian armies were defeated by Caesar again. He fled to the Iberian Peninsula, stopped by a headwind on the African coastline, and then became marooned on land by all the enemy ships. He pierced his sword tip into his body and then quoted to his soldiers. “All is well with the commander!” He died on the soil without suffering the fate of his Scipio relatives in the country of Africa.
From the writings of Roman Philosopher Seneca stating: It is a great deed to conquer Carthage; but a greater deed to conquer death. Ought a general to die otherwise, especially one of Cato’s generals?
Academic scholar John H. Collins summarizes the character and the reputation of Metellus Scipio, a despicable person, a political reactionary, a debauches of repulsiveness, a bull-headed commander; a tyrant of authority, an extortioner of riches, a worthy great-grandson of Scipico, an unworthy father to his daughter but he met death with nobility like his great African ancestors.

Publius’ older brother was Marcus Licinius Crassus, who was born in the year 86 B.C.
In the year 62 B.C., at the age of 24 years old, he married Caecilia Metella Cretica. She was the daughter of Quintus Caecilius Metellus Creticus.
In the year 61 B.C., at the age of 25 years old, he conceived a son named Marcus Licinius Crassus.
In the year 60 B.C., at the age of 26 years old, he was a religious Pontifex Maximum.
In the month January, in the year 54 B.C., at the age of 32 years old, he served with Imperator Julius Caesar.
In the year 53 B.C., at the age of 33 years old, he served a military officer under Imperator Julius Caesar.
In the year 49 B.C., at the age of 37 years old, he was appointed Governor of Cisalpine Gaul by Dictator Caesar.
The historical account states he died in the year 49 B.C.
Political move: The two young marriages of Crassus two sons with a wealthy political heiress indicated that a slick and wise Marcus Licinius Crassus was a very conservative traditionist Roman from the elite ruling class seeking the approval of the political Optimates Factions.
Ancient Roman History moment: The grand post of Roman Pontifex Maximum, which required a member from the Roman patrician clan, after the Fall of the Roman Empire became the position of the Pope, within the Catholic Church.

Marcus’s father-in-law was Quintus Caecilius Metellus Creticus, who was born in the year 135 B.C.
In the year 70 B.C., at the age of 55 years old, Quintus served as one of two consuls or attorneys for the city of Rome.
In this particular year, his brother-in-law Gaius Verres was on legal trial for extortion, embezzlement, bribery, and murder, after serving as the Governor of Sicily from the years 73 B.C. to 71 B.C. The second consul or attorney was Quintus Hortensius Hortalus, who was both a friend and a supporter of Gaius Verres too.
Marcus Tullius Cicero was the prosecuting attorney on the legal case.
The legal trail was delay until the year 69 B.C., when the two biological brothers of Quintus Caecilius Metellus Creticus, who were Lucius Caecilius Metellus and Marcus Caecilius Metellus could influence the decision of the Roman court.
In the year 74 B.C., at the age of 59 years old, he served as a Roman Praetor or a Roman President.
In the year 73 B.C., at the age of 60 years old, he served as a Roman Pontifex Maximum or a Roman High Priest of the pagan Roman god and goddess religion.
In the year 69 B.C., at the age of 66 years old, he served as the Consul of the Roman Republic with Quintus Hortensius Hortalus.
In the year 67 B.C., at the age of 67 years old, he was a Roman General and commanded legions and then defeated the peoples of the Crete island making the island a Roman province against the military orders of Pompey. The same year, Pompey and his allies prevented the triumph for Metellus.
In the year 62 B.C., at the age of 73 years old, he held his triumph, or his day parade and received the name of Creticus or Latin word for Cretan.
In the year 61 B.C., at the age of 74 years old, as revenge for his delayed triumph parade, Metellus prevented the restructuring of the eastern Roman provinces by Pompey.
In the year 60 B.C., at the age of 75 years old, he served as the ambassador of Gaul lands preventing the Aedui leadership to merge with the other loosely knitted Gaul villages.
In the year 55 B.C., at the age of 80 years old, he finally died.
His grandparent was Quintus Caecilius Metellus Macedonicus.
His children included Caecilia Metella Cretica, Marcus Caecilius Metellus, and Quintus Caecilius Metellus.
His grandchildren included Marcus Licinius Crassus Frugi and Quintus Caecilius Libo Drusus.

Marcus Tullius Cicero was born on January 6th, in the year 106 B.C., in the countryside of Arpinum to a wealthy landowner. Arpinum is 62 miles southwest from the city of Rome.
He was the older brother to Quintus Tullius Cicero.
Marcus stood as a tall, slight build man, a collector of books and paintings, a country squire, and a devoted father. His speeches have survived more than any other Roman literature painting the life of a Roman, throughout his lifetime.
Throughout his years as a Roman citizen, he served as an orator, lawyer, a Roman Quaestor at the age of 30; a Roman Aedile, at the age of 36 years old; a Roman Praetor, at the age of 39 years old, Consul of the Roman Republic, at the age of 42 years old, in the year 63 B.C., and a Consul of Cilicia in the year 50 B.C., and also voted with the title of Imperator by his Roman troops.
In the month of November, on the 8th, in the year 63 B.C., as the Consul of the Roman Republic, he accursed Roman Senator Lucius Serguis Catiline of treason.
After Cicero’s fiery speeches and written letters, Senator Catiline was declared a traitor of Rome, chased from the Senator floor, captured and then imprisoned in the notorious Roman prison, the infamous Tullianum.
Cicero escorted the former consul Publius Cornelius Lentulus Sura to the prison building, where the prisoners were strangled into death.
Four years later, the same Roman Senate decided Roman citizen Cicero was to become exiled from the city of Athens due to misusing his consul powers for executing five Roman citizens, without a legal trial, during the Catilinarian Conspiracy.
On August 5th, in the year 57 B.C., Cicero landed at Brundisium in Italy to a cheering crowd of Romans, entering the city of Athens, and receiving his Roman lands back, without leaving a historical social or civil or economic mark on the country.
In the year 51 B.C., he served as the Consul of Cilicia and also was awarded the title of Imperator with his Roman troops, who defeated the Cilicia pirates.
In the year 44 B.C., after the assassination of Julius Caesar, he used his orator status and started to denounce Roman Consul Marcius Antonio as an “Enemy of the Rome.”
On the date of December 7th, in the year 43 B.C., when Consul Marcius Antonio assumed control of the Roman Republic, he ordered a command of proscription on 63 years old, Marcus Cicero. Two Roman soldiers found Marcus and cut off the head presenting to Marcius Antonio.

Quintus Tullius Cicero was born in the year 102 B.C. in the countryside of Arpinum to a wealthy landowner. Arpinum is 62 miles southwest from the city of Athens. He held an affectious love or his older brother.
In the year 79 to 77 B.C., from the age of 23 to 25 years, he was educated in the city of Rhodes.
In the year 70 B.C. at the age of 32 years old, he married Pomponia. She was the sister of Titus Atticus Pomponius, a friend of older brother Marcus.
In the year 66 B.C., at the age of 36 years old, he conceived a son named Quintus Tullius Cicero and served as a Roman Aedile or a Roman administrator.
An aedile is an elected official for one year and is responsible for all public entertainment festivals in the area, police protection of the populous, maintenance and repairment of all Roman temples, public buildings, streets, sewers, markets, and aqueducts, and also supplied the shipment of grain and the water supply.
In the year 62 B.C., at the age of 40 years old, he served as a Roman Praetor or a Roman President.
A Roman Praetor is a Roman President, which is one step below a Roman Consul, and commands an army of legions and presides over justice in the city of Athens.
In the years 61 to 59 B.C., from the ages of 41 to 43 years old, he served as a Roman Proprietor or a Roman Chief Justice for the Province of Asia.
A Roman Proprietor was an elected position, after serving one year as a Roman Praetor. A Roman Proprietor is a Roman Chief Justice for another country.
During his rule as Roman Proprietor, he administered justice using the old-fashioned and harsh punishment of patricide and matricide. Patricide is a method placing a guilty convicted person inside a leather sack with a live dog or a snake or a rooster or a monkey, sewing the bag shut, and then tossing the bag with the two life forms into the sea waters.
In the year 57 B.C., at the age of 45 years old, he served as a military officer with Imperator Julius Caesar.
In the year 56 B.C., at the age of 44 years old, he sailed on the second expedition to the British Isles with Imperator Julius Caesar.
In the year 51 B.C., at the age of 51 years old, he served as a military officer under his brother Marcus Tullius Cicero, who was elected as the Governor of Cilicia, where his older brother witnessed the injustice of both patricide and matricide by his younger brother Quintus.
In the year 45 B.C., at the age of 57 years old, he divorced his wife Pomponia.
In the year 49 B.C., during the Second Roman Civil War, at the age of 53 years old, he decided to serve with General Pompey and the Pompeian army against Julius Caesar.
In the year 45 B.C., after losing in the Second Roman Civil War, at the age of 57 years old, he received a pardon from Dictator Julius Caesar.
In the year 44 B.C., the Second Triumvirate was comprised with Augustus Octavian and Marcus Antonio, and started the Third Roman Civil War. Consul Marcus Antonio declared 58 years old, Quintus Tullius Cicero, his son 22 years old, Quintus Tullius Cicero, the minor, and his younger brother 62 years old, Marcus Tullius Cicero all proscribed or an immediate Roman order of death sentence upon presence.
Quintus came back to Rome for monies and then hid from the Roman armies at his son’s house. The Roman armies tortured his son. At the age of 59 years old, Quintus revealed his person to the Roman soldiers in order to save his son and then he and his 23 years old son were declared as an Enemy of the State and then killed, in the year 43 B.C., as two proscribed persons of the Roman Republic.


Present day, place, space and time, safely inside the parked limousine, hearing both the heavy raindrops on top of the roof and the claps of loud thunder clouds outside the transport, Magritte exhaled with a puff of delight. She commented, “Well! That’s it! I’ve finished reading that Ancient Roman college research paper. These are some many lessons that both modern man and woman can learn from ancient dead men and women. First, an act or action of pure selfish greed always leads to destruction, murder, and then a final death. How ironic! The same arrogant and greedy Roman military officers coming from the elite society within the Roman Republic harming all these innocent Gaul peoples, who only wanted peace and harmony, were greeted themselves in surprising revelations with some of the worsest, violentest death day on their human body. Second, an army is not better than their military officers. Julius Caesar was the overall commander of the Roman army, but he needed the military talents from all of his military officers, who were the true winners of each military war battle. Third, the elite class only participated in all activities throughout the Roman Republic receiving both coins and danger. Fourth, the Roman males enjoyed naming their children after their arrogant butthole.
“Fifth, the entire culture worshipped pagan gods and goddesses but conducted pagan ceremonies in pagan prayer to the Roman gods and goddesses, before starting a military campaign of warfare against an innocent country or nation. The Roman peoples are no different from a hidden dirty band of thieves, who wanna steal and then own your personal car or your credit card. History does repeat itself! Sixth, the elite Romans enjoyed changing their rituals when their power changes. For example, Caesar didn’t burn an image of a stick men or slaughter the blood from an innocent lamb on the battlefield, before warfare. That would’ve scared the piss running down the enemy’s buttonhole.
“From the years 58 B.C. to 43 B.C., Caesar directly eliminated the other 14 rich and arrogant patrician men from the elite society class with or without trying except for his relatives. Then over the next 400 years, the remaining elites used both blackmail and murder trying to attain the emperor title and crown. Then came the end of the Roman Empire! They say. I do not whom says. They say, the United States of America will meet the same vile and violent fate. Really? Really! I do not concur or condone. The USA is barely two of one hundred years of age. The Roman Empire ruled for four centuries, that’s 400 years to meet, mess and massacre the world occupants. The U.S.A. will meet that same vile and violent fate. And there is not New Age, only aging humans. The humans will figure it all out as long as the fucking aliens let us lead our lives in peace and harmony. Yeah, there are aliens living among us, who are mean and nasty to all humans. The good aliens lounge in their outer space ships watch and wait for something, which makes them worser than the bad aliens, who continuous work with all the world governments for the final slavery of the human race. The end for the aliens!”
She laughed with silliness and then frowned with her puzzlement. She exclaimed, “Wee! Wee! The entire Roman civilization and culture appeared harsh and hard and hardy and hardened. I enjoyed reading his college paper. Which twin son wrote it?” She typed on the tiny keyboard and then gasped in shock. “Attila Samuel Smith, the third, he wrote that excellent college research paper on the writings from Roman Dick-head Julius Caesar. That kid is brilliant!” She started typing on the tiny keyboard and wore a smile. “What’s next up for the twin sons of Attila Samuel Smith? Their father is rich and handsome and married and an old fart now in the year 1833. Their mother is never mentioned but is the lovely loving light of day for her sons and husband. So, there’s nothing exciting for their father to do with his life but wait on old age and then die ascending into heaven and then doing it again. The next articles are related to his twin sons.” She laughed out loud and found the next internet article and started reading in silence.

In the American year of 1834, within the modern day U.S. State of Alabama, the southern region received a cold winter.
In the American year of 1835, within the modern day U.S. State of Alabama, the dates of February 6th and 7th, was the coldest days of the winter season.
Heading 280 miles northeast from the town of Mobile, in Calhoun County, the region’s creek waters froze solid. The fluid tree sap became frozen inside each tree trunk and then started exploding the tree bark into particles, sounding like the fire from a hand pistol within the thick forests.


Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1837…”
Four of the nine enrolled college student graduates completing all the required academic classes for a college degree in the field of Science or Art. Two of the four graduates receiving a college degree in Art are named as Attila Samuel Smith, Junior and Attila Samuel Smith, the third, at the age of 22 years old.
She gasped, “I be damned! The first college-educated male is twice as nice with twin males coming directly from the Ace’s clown…naw…clan. What else is interesting about Spring Hill College? Additional American historical tidbits, on the campus of Spring Hill College grounds, in the year 1869, a fire burned down the original college building, where original students like the twin brothers had attended and graduated in their college classes. Well, I would have definitely blamed it on the malicious and mischievous Smith twins. But they had graduated 32 years earlier.” She laughed with humor.
After the college graduation party, as the servant clean the house. Their father appears in front of the party boys and presents an individual shiny tin-coated shovel with a long wooden handle.
Attila Samuel Smith Junior does not smile but stares at the item.” What’s this, Dad?”
“You’re graduation party!” He laughs.
“Why is my college graduation present a long-handled shovel, Dad?” Attila Samuel Smith, the third laughs.
“We are all going to construct a new wooden church for your mother.” Their father nods with a smile.
“Today?” First born twin son Junior frowns staring at the shovel.
“Today!” He nods then spins around with the shovel leading his two sons from the house.
“Today.” Second born twin named Sam laughs and grabs the shovel following his father.
Junior frowns with a whisper of disrespect but does not announce it out loud as his twin brother will beat his ass for dissing his parent. “I wanna go back to school, Dad.” He exhales with annoyance and then follows his brother and father from the house into the heated day. 
Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1839…”


The honorable Master Attila Samuel Smith, Junior and the honorable Master Attila Samuel Smith, the third are invited to the lavish Garden Party at the Mobile manor of Martin Lea by request of his niece Miss Margaret Moffit Lea.


She gasped in shock. “What’s this! I mean, I know what this is. I used to receive the same item each week, here in Mobile, before I married that deadbeat, boring Attila. This is a copy of truly gold-lettered engraved invitation to a social garden party in the year 1839. Who is Martin Lea and Miss Margaret Moffette Lea? I do not recognize that sur-name. They’re not native Mobilians either. Is one of the twins courting a girlfriend and maybe getting married to a sweet southern belle, this year?” She giggled with delight and dove down into the internet files.
Margaret Moffett Lea was born and reared in the small cotton town of Marion.
The small city of Marion is 160.30 miles or two hours and 44 minutes by automobile traveling a little northeastern of Mobile. The Lea Family owns a massive cotton plantation there.
Her biological brother Martin Lea owns a smaller antebellum manor, a dozen slaves, an overseer, and 45 acres of cotton fields outside the city limits of Mobile. He returns during the springtime planting season working with his assigned Cotton Factor, receiving the cotton seeds, replacement slaves, and farm equipment. His family members follow him to Mobile. One particularly family member has caught the eyeball of a Smith twin.
Margaret Moffette Lea was born in the year 1819, in the month of April, on the 11th, in the small town of Marion, within the present day U.S. State of Alabama, as the fifth of six children.
He older siblings include Martin, Varilla, Henry Clinton, Vernal and baby sister Antoinette. She lived on the Lea cotton plantation.
During her childhood years into young adulthood, she becomes proficient in needlework, dancing, drawing and penmanship, writing pages of love poetry, reading romance novels, and playing the guitar, harp, and piano.
In the month of February, on the 9th, in the year 1839, at the age of 20 years old, Margaret and her family members travel to the seaport of Mobile attending numerous garden parties hosted by her older brother Martin. She enjoys socializing with all the young southern belles and the handsome southern gentlemen while meeting the Smith twins.
At his manor, older brother Martin also invites to his social party, the Hero of Texas territories, 46 years old, both the former U.S Senator and the Governor of Tennessee Samuel Houston. Houston had recently abandoned his public servant job establishing and working for his own law firm named Sabine City Company while seeking new funds to build a new community named Sabine City on the eastern coastline of present day Texas.

Magritte laughed. “O! I got it now! Both her old brother and her widower mother are trying to get this chick married off. She is 20 years old, an old maid, within the Antebellum South, in the year 1839.”

At the garden party, U.S. Tennessee Senator Sam Houston is present and here in Mobile, Alabama seeking investors and their investment monies for his new community plan called Sabine Pass in the wild territory of Texas.

She gasped in shock, “What! Texas! Do you mean the U.S. State of Texas? Texas was not a U.S. State in the year 1847. Is a Smith twin getting married to Margaret Lea and then moving out to Texas dirt? One of the twins continues the blood line for Ace, which one is it? This is getting juicy good.”

During the garden party, the Smith twins entertain a sweet Margaret but her wandering eyeball leaves the pair of tall, cute twins focusing on a dashing, charming, older Sam Houston, who is 46 years old.
She gasped in shock and whispered down to her phone screen, “Well, girlfriend, listen to me! You need to fix your neurons on one of the Smith twins. Each one is tall, handsome, educated, rich, and single. What a deal! You’re passing up a life of extravagant luxury and a rash of lavish social parties and three wardrobes of beautiful gala gowns.” She laughed.
Back at the Mobile social garden party, the attraction of man and woman is instantaneous for Margaret and Sam. They meet, greet and dance every musical song together. But before leaving the garden party, the Smith twins provide a wad of cash monies to Sam Houston hoping the elegant, elderly hero gentleman will vanish from the city of Mobile. Sam leaves the garden party with pockets of golden coin from the Smith twins and thoughts of Margaret.
The next day, on February 10th, Sunday, Houston leaves Mobile returning back to the wild territory lands of Texas.
On Monday, February 11th, Margaret and all her family members leave Mobile, before the annual celebration of Mari Gras event commences on Fat Tuesday, February 12th, the day before Ash Wednesday. In the three American cities of Mobile, Pensacola and New Orleans, the next 45 days are filled with costumes parties, parades sinful foods, and social events, before ending the partying on a somber and respectable Sunday morning, Easter event on March 31st.
The words, Mardi Gras, are a French term, meaning “Fat Tuesday.” A Mardi Gras event is a carnival celebration starting the day before Ash Wednesday and ends at one minute passed midnight on Sunday Easter. The string of events comprises daily and nightly social parties eating rich, fatty foods before the celestial sacrifices of both body and food fasting, during the Lenten or Lent religious week.

In the year 1699, in the month of March, on the 2nd day, French-Canadian explorer Jean Baptiste Le Moyne Sieur de Bienville lands with his Frenchmen in sandy soil on the edge of a fresh water bay naming the spot, Pointe du Mardi Gras as they have settled on the eve of the traditional French festive holiday.
In the year 1702, he named his new settlement, Fort Louis de la Louisiane, which eventually became the present day city of Mobile. In the year 1703, the French residents of Fort Louis celebrated the first American Mardi Gras event. In the year 1704, the French residents established a secret society called Masque de la Mobile until the year 1709. In the year 1710, the French residents created the Boeuf Gras Society with nightly social parties and daily parades until the year 1861, the start of the first American Civil War. Then both the parades and the parties started back up in the year 1867, two years after the Civil War ended.
For each annual Mardi Gras party celebration, the street parade features an extremely large, fake head of a bull being shoved on top of wheels by sixteen strong men, who also wear a royal-type fake costume. Later in the evening on Fat Tuesday, King Rex, the newly crowned Mobilian male, escorts a real bull beast draped in a white cloth around the outside city street signaling the beginning of the Lent meat fast which lasted until Easter Sunday.

Back in the city of Mobile, in the year 1839, the Smith twins will miss the annual Mobile Mardi Gras daily and nightly social parties with their new Mobilian young adult male and female friends starting Tuesday night but are keen to explore other places, within their adopted State of Alabama, taking their time visiting all new land territories between the seaport city of Mobile and the small cotton town of Marion.
Magritte frowned. “What! Where’s the town of Marion? I don’t know,” she searched on the phone. “O! The town of Marion is located within Perry County. Where is Perry County? I don’t know that either. I’m being taken to strange new places that I’ve never visited which is funny for me. I’m a southern belle and French princess residing all of my life here in Mobile. Honestly, I should shut down my labor-intensive research, but I’m dying of girly curious. Where are all the hidden and the golden caches containing millions of 1852 ancient gold and silver tinted coins? I could…will…become the first trillionairette of the world. I love my life! Thank you, Attila! No think you, Ace! When I become a trillionairette, female trillionaire, I’m going to hire the nastiest and meanest mercenary, which is a French term, by the way, and then take out Ace first and then his girlfriend Fawn second and his daughter Gem last. Then I’m selling Attila’s hut, after I burn the structure down into the parched dry soil,” she laughed with an evil tone and searched the new internet articles. She frowned. “But first, I must understand why Perry County is part of the Talladega National Forest.”

The Talladega Mountain is a carpet of tall trees against a blue sky representing the low-lying southern segment or the foothills of the 2,000 mile-long Appalachian Mountains. The mountainous tree lines extend northeastward along the border of Clay and Talladega counties and into the eastern Cleburne County raising to Cheaha Mountain peak. The Cheaha Mountain is the highest point in the State of Alabama, within the Talladega National Forest. The forest comprises 613.39 square miles or 392,567 acres of lands featuring pine-covered and hardwood-covered trees on top of upland hills, dropping into numerous lakes and flowing creeks below the low mountains. The forest landscape offers the humans camping, hiking, picnicking, fishing and hunting nature activates, after the wild black bear clans, of course. The forest animals include coyote, black bear, white-tailed deer, fox, quail, squirrel, turkey, rabbit, raccoon, gopher tortoise, musk turtle, birds and waterfowl.
The forest is physically landscaped and divided by Mother Nature or the Prime Creator, into two geographical regions. The eastern side of trees gently flow into the northeastern side, within the territory of Alabama.
The eastern portion with miles of pine and oak trees starts in the present day city of Tuscaloosa, which located southeast from the town of Marion, featuring moderate slopes, board ridges with flowing fresh water creeks, streams, and small ponds on top of long and wide floodplains.
The northeastern portion consists of uphill and low mountains with moderate steep slopes comprising miles of meso-phytic forests.

Magritte frowned then said, “Now, I know and understand. Perry County is part of the eastern lower portion of the Talladega National Forest.”

On her mobile telephone’s electronic map, if Perry County in the middle of the state of Alabama, then Bibb County sits on the northeast.
Bibb County was established in February 7, 1818. The lands feature the Indian name of Cahawba or the settler’s name of Cahaba River. The ancient lands were original owned and farmed by the Native American Choctaw Indians who named the river, Cahawba, which translates into “water above.”
Marengo County sits on the western side of Perry County. The county comprises 977.00 square miles of land plus 05.80 square miles of water equaling 983.00 square miles total. The western side of the country is covered with the Tombigbee River. The northwestern corner holds the Black Warrior River. The county was created on October 24, 1816 from the original lands of the Native American Choctaw Indians too.

Magritte gasped in shock. “Geez, Louie! Another plot of American lands stolen by the greedy and rude European immigrants, again.”
Marengo County is named, after the Battle of Marengo, where Emperor Napoleon defeated the Austrian troops on June 14, in the year 1800.
She gasped in shock, “Geez, Louie! The greedy and rude colonists were my fellow Frenchmen and women. They’re my ancient historical clan. I’m so proud!”

In the year 1817, the Bonapartist settlers fled their home country of France, who were exiled after Emperor Napoleon’s defeat and then fall from grace. The Alabama soil was rich and fertile. The new French settlers planted cotton seeds creating numerous cotton plantations dependent on slaves.
In the year 1860, Marengo County population consisted of 24,000 slaves, 6,000 whites, and 944 plantation owners. There were 779 cotton and farm plantations.
Currently, in the 21st Century, the lands within Marengo County are utilized as cotton fields, cow and horse pasture lands, woodlands for timber, and commercial catfish ponds.

“Finally!” Magritte smiled. “I’ve outlined the surrounding Alabama counties around my target spot, Perry County.”

Perry County is comprised of both tall mountainous regions from the Talladega National Forest or wide flat plains with warmer temperatures.
In the northeastern corner of Perry County, at a high elevation of 384 feet, Morgan Springs is named after the flowing hot springs and an early settler, William Morgan.
Located 11.20 miles from the town of Marion, in the north by northeastern corner of Perry County, at the low elevation of 195 feet, the town of Jericho once held four sawmills cutting up tall, healthy shade trees for sewn timber from the Talladega Forest.
Located 21.50 miles northeast of the town of Marion, in the northeastern corner of Perry County, the town of Oakmulga, where the Native American Hitchiti Indians owned and farmed. The name is derived from the Indian Hitchiti word, ockmulgee, meaning bubbling water. Oki means water. Mugli means boiling. The town features the hot springs, tall trees, and flat lands for farming. In the year 1850, Oakmulga once held three cotton gins, three sawmills, and three gristmills.
Located 07.57 miles east by southeast from Marion, in the southern part of the Perry County, the town of Radford was established in the year 1820 by an earlier settler named William Radford and his family.
Located 10.60 miles southeast of Marion, in the southeastern part of Perry County, the town of Suttle stands 185.00 feet in elevation from sea level. The town was founding by the earlier settler named James F. Suttle. The Suttle family operated a general store, a cotton gin, and a large dairy farm.
The town of Vaiden features 194 feet in elevation and is located 08.90 south by southeast from the town of Marion and in the same corner of Perry County. The soil contains red colored clay and fine sandy loam. Currently, Vaiden holds both a public and military air field for private, commercial, and military airplanes.
Located 09.00 miles south from the Marion, the town of Vilula stands 187 feet in elevation from sea level and resides in the extremely southern corner within Perry County. Vilula was established in the year 1886 operating smaller cotton fields. Birds’ Nest is the name of a private resident in the town and is recorded in the Historic American Building Survey archives.
Perry County contains 720.00 square miles in land plus 04.80 square miles equaling 724.80 square miles. The county property limits were established in the year 1819 in honor of Commodore Oliver Hazard Perry. Perry was a Rhode Island resident and a member of the United States Navy branch.
In the year 1820, the population recorded 3,646 persons. In the year 1830, the individuals increased by 215.10 percent to 11,490 persons. In the year 1840, the population recorded 19,086, an increase of 66.10 percent. In the year 1850, with an increase of 16.80 percent population reached 22,285 individuals. In the year 1860, the population totaled 27,724, an increase of 24.40 percent. In the year 2020, the current population of Perry County is 10,591 individuals.
The county is halved into two distant geographical areas, a northern portion is forests on top of high hills and then low valleys of fertile lands for cows and crops and then a southern section of warmer temperatures and flat plains for cow and crop fields too.
Magritte exhaled with exhaustion. “Well, that was an exciting cyberspace mental adventure. But I completely understand the composite of the two different soil types and topography of Perry County. I can see why the area was thriving in cotton and timber exports and thrilling to the Smith twins. The city of Mobile is flat, warm, humid, and water. A change in scenery landscape is good for the soul, ain’t that right, Attila, my love?” She laughed with an evil tone and then smiled and then silenced. She could hear a series of loud musical notes from a musical song coming from front cab. Her driver chauffer was not driving but wasting her time. She paid the rental limousine a flat fee for a monthly service. She frowned and then looked down typing on the tiny keyboard reading the new information in silence.
On the dusty backroads of dirt, in the center of U.S. State of Alabama, each galloping horse totes a dirty and thirsty Smith twin arriving a week later on Tuesday, February 19th staying at the Lea Plantation with Margaret and her family. 
The city of present day Marion is a landlocked geographical plateau at 374 feet from sea level consisting of 10.57 square miles of land plus 0.99 square miles of water equal a total of 10.66 square miles containing both fields of cows and cotton, within the lower bowels of Alabama. The valley was the former lands of the Native American Creek Indians.
The lands were settled by English colonists in the year 1819 and named as Muckle Ridge. During the American Revolutionary War, in the year 1822, the lands was renamed in honor of war hero Francis Marion and also was incorporated as a town. In the year 1829, Marion became a city within the U.S. State of Alabama.
Throughout its long ancient American history, the peoples, including the wealthy cotton planters from the Moore Plantation, Barron Plantation, King Plantation, Lea Planation, Lockett Plantation and all the ancient structures created a prospering town of Marion. The cotton plantation owners resided in the town constructing the first church in the year 1832; a female seminary Judson Female Institute in the year 1838; a men seminary Howard College in the year 1842 and in the year 1844, the creation of the Baptist Church Convention of peoples and promises of a heavenly salvation. The Marion Baptist Church Convention of peoples and promises of a heavenly salvation led to the creation of Southern Baptist Convention in the year 1854 in the southern city of Augusta, Georgia. In the year 1887, the Marion Military Institute was founded for military cadets.
Back in the American year of 1839, during their strange, new countryside visit, to the small cotton town of Marion, the strange weather pattern produces extremely dry conditions against the soil and sea. The waters on the Alabama River becomes so low that the merchant boats cannot navigation down the shoreline.
During the warm weather, the handsome Smith twins take turn and work hard flirting with pretty Margaret trying to get her southern belle attention. However, several weeks of love letters and personal gifts arrive from Sam at the Lea Plantation, until April 23rd, when Sam Houston arrives for a surprise visit in Marion spending a month at the Lea Plantation courting Margaret.
On May 9th, Sam proposes to Margaret and she accepts. The wedding ceremony is planned for next year. Sam leaves and returns back to Texas allowing Margaret and her family to plan the upcoming wedding.
Samuel Houston was born in the U.S. State of Virginia, in the year 1793, on March 2nd moving to the U.S. State of Tennessee as a teenager. Later he ran away from home living three years with the Native American Cherokee Indian tribe and was known with the name Raven.
In later years, Sam served as the governor of Tennessee, an American soldier under the command for General Andrew Jackson in the War of 1812 and finally as an American general in the Texas Revolution War against the Mexican soldiers, and the American Civil war.
In the year 1832, he worked with President Andrew Jackson removing all the Indians from the State of Tennessee.
In the year 1833 to 1838, he handled diplomatic relations with the Mexico government, all the Indian Nations, the new band of Texan immigrants, and the United States of America government while working to annex all the captured Mexico lands without forming the U.S. State of Texas.
In the year 1839, he quit his public service job and formed his own law firm traveling around the southern states funding a new community named Sabine City, which resided on the eastern coastline of present day U.S. State of Texas.
During his travels, he visited the seaport of Mobile, meeting the Smith twins and a 20 year old southern belle named Miss Margaret Moffette Lea.
On May 9th, in the year 1840, at the age of 47 years old, he married for a third time, Miss Margaret Moffette Lea, at her family home cotton plantation in Marion, Alabama. They moved to the territory of Texas, where her serviced as the governor of Texas, fought in the Civil War, and continued to work annexing all the Texas territories into the United States of America and fought in the American Civil War. He lived in the Texas territory until his death day on July 26 in the year 1863, at the age of 70 years old.
Magritte gasped in shock and then smiled, “Wee! Wee! What a life that man had led! His name and his character represent the epitome personalization of the present day U.S State of Texas and all the past, the present and the future times of all Texans. Remember the Alamo!” She laughed with delight then frowned. “I wished that I had found and then married a man, like Sam Houston, but I didn’t. I’m rich anyways,” she laughed with an evil tone.
Back inside the cotton town of Marion, the young Smith twins are both greatly disappointed in Margaret’s wedding rejection. But the Marion town folks are impressed with the new pair of red tinted pants on each Smith twin. The pants garment displays two narrow side slits sewn at the trouser hip bone hiding an internal lined pocket for items, such like, money clips and a pocket watch. 
The ancient pocket concept was a simple cloth bag holding items hanging from the leather belt loop on a men’s pair of trousers.
In the year 3,300 B.C, Otzi, the Iceman was discovered by modern day world scientists inside the vast Swiss Alpine Mountains in a preserved state of manly frozen skin and bones. A fossilized elephant-hide leather bag hung around his fitted waistline, during his sudden death.
The sewn pocket concept was invented and introduced in men’s fashion trousers in the year 1839.
Back in the year 1840, after the beautiful church wedding reception and the imminent departure of the newly wedded couple Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Houston, the Smith twins liked the company of the nice and curious people from small town Marion and decided to stay for a few more months while spending their adult time and money building a military institute.
Magritte smiled. “Of course, what do little boys like to do best? Fight and then beat the crap outta of plaster walls, the table legs and then each other!” She laughed with amusement.

Within the Marion city historic books, in the year 1838, General Edwin D. King, Julia Tarrant Barron, and Reverend James Harvey DeVotie created a Board of Trustees gifting their monies, donating their lands and renting a building and then founded the Judson Female Institute. Two daughters from King’s family attended the new college environment.
Retired U.S. General Edwin D. King inherited from his parents a slew of large tobacco plantations stretching across the fertile fields from the modern day U.S. States of Virginia to North Carolina into the wild territories of present day U.S. State of Alabama which created for him person, both wealth and security. After he served with General Andrew Jackson in the War of 1812, he received the rank of major general in the Alabama militia and then retired from the military activities. In the year 1836, he moved to the small cotton town of Marion establishing a new enterprise, a cotton plantation. His brother was already residing there living on his own cotton plantation.
In the year 1810, as a child Julia Tarrant Barron traveled from the U.S. State of North Carolina to the town of Marion with her family members then in the year 1828, at the age 23 years old, she married the wealthy cotton planter William Barron. In the year 1829, she birthed a son named John Thomas Barron.
In the year 1838, educator, Reverend Milo P. Jewett and his wife moved from town of growing Tuscaloosa to small town Marion as the new minister of the local church while hoping to establish a seminary school for young women.
In the year 1840, the next day, on May 10th, after the marriage of Margaret Lea to Sam Houston, the Lea family moved from the cotton town of Marion following the newlyweds to the wild territories of Texas establishing a new household. The Smith twins purchased the Lea Plantation assuming the twin role of two cotton plantation owners retaining and paying all the existing house staff, field hands, and the overseer while joining the local church to flirt with all the pretty young maidens.
In the same year, within the U.S. State of Alabama and throughout the South, the crops and lands received an extremely dry summer period of months.
Also, in the year 1841, a new Board of Trustees included General Edwin D. King, Reverend Milo P. Jewett, Julia Tarrant Barron, Reverend James Harvey DeVotie, Attila Samuel Smith, Junior and Attila Samuel Smith, the third. The trustees raised monetary funds and then purchased the land assets building a similar theological post-educational institution for young men.
In the year 1842, in the town of Marion, in the month of January, Howard College opens a new post-educational intuition with an undertone of a military school, only for males, who are called cadets.
Note: Howard College is also known to the local natives as the Marion Military Institute.
The college admits nine male students. Two of the students, at the old age of 27 years, are Attila Samuel Smith, Junior and Attila Samuel Smith, the third. Two other famous academic students are Julia’s son, thirteen-year-old John Thomas, and King’s son, fourteen-year-old Peter Edwin. The two Smith twins enroll for a new fun adventure along with the other teenage males while owning a cotton plantation for money profit and then demonstrating their pretend fighting war battle skills to the other male teens during numerous fake military campaigns coming from the ancient writings of Imperator Julius Caesar’s Latin letters called, the Gallic Wars, at their new college. 

Magritte gasped in shock, “What! What’s this? What’s Howard College? Is there really a person named Howard, who is named after a college in Alabama? Whom is Howard?”
Back in the previous American year of 1841, after the new Marion Board of Trustees donated their monies and then chartered their plot of land for the development of a new college building, they named the new college building after John Howard. He was Englishman and an advocator of prisoner reform.
She laughed with amusement. “What’s up with the English nobles and their imprisoned prisoners? English nobleman James Oglethorpe was also an advocator of prisoner reform but ended up wealthy rich leaving all the poor English peasants on American soil behind and dying in luxury in his homeland of England. So, the twin brothers went back to college environment looking for some fun games and flirty girls. They couldn’t find a girl here in Mobile. And the game ain’t referencing the traditional pig-skinned American football game competition, since that violence, bloody, thrilling field and ball action didn’t occur until the year 1869. Well, their biological father was a rich man and they didn’t have to work a job for monies.”
Then she frowned. “What’s the wise opinions from their biological mom and dad during the same time period back in Mobile?” She scanned the electronic articles.

Back in the seaport town of Mobile, on the dirt road of Ansley Lane, 40 years old, Attila Samuel Smith and his Everleigh still reside in his manor overseeing 3,000 acres of land. They ride on their steed every morning inspecting the lands, the cows, the crops, the horses, the barnyard animals, the vegetable gardens and visit their neighbors. They are not interested in the social parties in town, only maintaining and securing their private assets. They are not true natives of Mobile, only transplants.
Attila grew up on a paradise island where each person had an essential job and had to work surviving the harsh environment of gators, snakes, and strangers. The workers were his family members making the day and night tasks and chores fun.
Attila would have gladly died and then became buried on Sea Island, if that row boat of nasty sailors had not murdered all of his family members. But his wise old father nicknamed Attila had made the right decision leaving behind the private Sea Island for both the security and safety of his surviving four family members. His father retired from work and enjoyed his remaining days accompanying his loving wife to social affairs, eating the morning breakfast with a new set of older male friends, and attending all the evening social parties with his wife, until his death day.
Attila spent his days on his ass making money for 19 years without slicing his finger or bruising his elbows. However, making money is easy; keeping money is hard.
When Attila and his family finally arrived in Mobile, they stayed in a nice hotel suite and then strolled around the busy paved-streets of Mobile, talking with the natives, inquiring about a purchasing a residential home. They discovered the opening of a new college in Spring Hill College. Attila and Everleigh immediately enrolled, in the month of November, their twin sons into a college environment, the first event for a member of the ancient Smith clan originally coming from the countryside of lovely Warwickshire, within the country of England. The twins could not cause too much trouble inside a learning institution.
Attila and Everleigh eventually met and were introduced to the middle-aged Englishman, who had built a new manor, on a dirt road, within the growing Spring Hill Community. The unnamed Englishman had become financially bankrupted and could not keep all of his land, property and money assets.
Attila provided a generous money offer and arranged for his leave from the southern town of Mobile back to northern town of New York City, where he worked within the banking industry. Over the years, Attila and his wife would travel to New York City and visit the chap, who were doing well in the banking industry.
After purchasing the manor, Attila and Everleigh inspected the crops, repaired all the barns and buildings, purchased more barnyard animals, started a vegetable garden and met with the leaders of the slave families. Either one of them did not believe in owning another human person, only caring for all animals, and providing both food and clothing to people in need. The old married couple decided to freely provide massive plots of their land to the heads of each freed slave family.
A slave was a property asset, not a free person in the city of Mobile, the State of Alabama, the United States of America. Each month, Attila and his wife, and a family of slaves would travel to New York City, where the slave was registered as a free man or woman, who resided in New York City. When Attila and his New York City friend came back to Mobile, Attila would sale part of his 7,000 acres of land to his new family friend. Then the newly named New York City resident with their family members would build a fine new house and worked the new landscape producing cotton crops, making money profits.
Eventually all of his slaves became free men and women owning their individual family plots from within Attila’s 7,000 acres of land. Attila still held 3,000 acres of land and paid the free men and women wages for their working time. He was very lucky and very clever making money from cotton bales, gathering a new type of devoted neighborly friends while securing his freedoms of his assets and homestead.
After the wild college graduation party, Attila asked his two sons to help around the cotton plantation. They had no desire to farm but did not refuse their father’s requests and worked hard offering new ideas improving land sites and upgrading the farm equipment.
His twin sons were not born working the fertile soils and herds of cows on Sea Island. They enjoyed a fun, safe, and lavish lifestyle within the small seaport of Darien. Then they both immediately entered the college environment, without working a paying job but learning about ancient subjects while flirting with the local young adult college females.
Attila had money and did not begrudge his twin sons a life of hardship or sacrifice. His great uncle Clement had taken a big chance, worked very hard, and sacrificed everything gaining his freedom as a man and his wealth as a businessman while planning a nice retirement for the rest of his surviving family members. Then a nasty incident happened.

Life is too short waiting for the right moment! So, Attila stabs the moment in the eyeball and takes his prize!

His twin sons are stabbing the moment living in the small country town of Marion. They had followed a pretty single southern belle to her family home. But, alas, the girl had married an older man based on their personally, handwritten, sad letters. Now, his twin sons had built a military academy training a room of pimpled-faced, pre-teenagers how to form a war battle strategy in the language of Latin.
Attila gives his two sons credit for building a fun, kindly unsafe working environment, without getting into serious trouble with naughty girls.
Everleigh is very worried about her two children, who might travel northwards and join a true military academy like all the other teenager sons residing here in Mobile. Each prominent wealth father expects their son to enroll in a military school completing their education, joining the U.S.A. military branch.
Attila has reminded his wife over and over again with deep laughter, “Our two chicken shit sons enjoy chasing a flying tail on a pretty girl, not a firing bullet from a discharged gun. In the eye of a fierce and fast battle fight, they’ll run away and hide someplace safe, like our wine cellar basement,” he continues to laugh. She only gets mad at her arrogant husband.

Magritte gasped in shock. “Old Man Attila’s correct. He’s not a native of Mobile. The Mobilian feel very different about their lands and their servants, not treating them like a friendly neighbor either. That reminds me! I must employ a new maid service for my ancient historical manor as the current ones are both lazy and incompetent. I had to clean my own bathroom yesterday. They’re going to hear all about that nasty incident, from me, on Friday. O! They don’t work on this Friday. No one works this Friday as it’s American’s birthday party. Geez!  Why and when does a country get a party? I need to plan a new social party with all of my old and older friends, too, a few weeks, of course, after my fake moaning of my devoted and rich legally wedded husband,” she laughed with an evil tone.

Also, in the year 1842, in the month of January, the newly named first college president and newly assigned first sole instructor for all the academic classes is Samuel Sterling Sherman.

She exhaled with frustration. “Of course, another Samuel is saving all the drowning Samuels. All the Samuels love to stick together tighter than a pair of butt cheeks. So, the SSS, instead of the WWW rules the daytime college campus and the nightlife of the Smith twins.” She laughed with amusement.

Note: SSS represents Samuel Sterling Sherman. WWW is the Wicked Witch of the West.
At Howard College, both his role as the president and the sole college instructor offers each new student a Bachelor’s degree in the area of Languages, Literature, or Sciences and requires each student study English grammar, arithmetic mathematics, geography and the translation of one book in either the Greek or Latin language coming from Caesar’s Gallic War or Virgil’s Aeneid or Xenophon’s Anabases.

She hissed with annoyance and then frowned, “Of course, all the named Latin and Greek languages and their associated books are nothing but a guidebook of numerous brilliant military battle campaigns on how to win a vicious bloody war with numerous dead bodies, but not your body, and then becoming the king of the country or the President of the United States of America. Colonial American General George Washington did exactly that, like his role model Roman Imperator Julius Caesar. George won the 1776 American Revolutionary War and then became the first President of the United States of America. Little boys and their dangerous toys!” She huffed with annoyance. “I wonder and wander did the Smith twins submit the same research paper of the Caesar’s Gallic War getting a second college degree again. I bet they did as I would have too,” she laughed silently reading the new information and gasped in shock. “No! They didn’t cheat on their second college degree either. They had presented the Latin translation for Virgil’s Aeneid. I wanna read only one of their college papers, not both of them. The rainstorm should end soonest and then I’m heading to my late hair and nail appointment for the late afternoon. The title of the first paper is Aeneid: Greek Tragedy of the Roman Interlude, Intersex and Interplay. That’s sound interesting.” She dove into the internet articles silently reading the information.

Aeneid is a Latin poem of twelve books narrating the story, the foundation for the city of Rome springing up from the burnt ashes of a burning city of Troy. The poem was written by Roman Poet Virgil in the year 29 B.C.
The storyline details hero Aeneas. He is the son of Roman Goddess Venus and a Trojan aristocrat named Anchises. Aeneas lives in the city of Troy, surviving the Greek warrior attacks and then travels away with a band of Trojan survivors from the burning city of Troy sailing through the countryside of present day country of Italy and then eventually lands on the fertile lands of the future city of Rome.
The writing style is known as dactylic hexameter which is famous in the two Greek poems entitled Iliad and Odyssey by Greek Poet Homer. A dactylic hexameter, each line consists of six metrical feet made up of dactyls, which is one long syllable followed by two short syllables and spondees, which are two long syllables.
The 9,896 lines in the Aeneid poem are grouped in six sentences.
The story is twelve books with 900 lines; the storyline presents three sections of four books. The first section addresses human Queen Dido. The second section is the arrival of the Trojan warriors in the country of Italy. And the third section is the war with the Latin people.
Poems numbered one through six represent the story of Trojan citizen Aeneas and his travel wanderings from the town of Troy throughout the country of Italy. The other six poems construct the tale of the Troy War. The Trojans won the war against the Latin warriors.
Poem Aeneid is the masterpiece for Virgil or Vergil and is considered one of the greatest art literature pieces in the Latin language. Also, the hero of the poem Aeneas is also the character in the poem Iliad too.
Writer Virgil created a lengthy poem with 9,896 lines. The first six poem details the wanderings of hero Aeneas on his fleet of ships from Troy to the Land of Latium. The second group of six poems details the war in Latium.
Typical writers and poets both use and abuse the stories about all the Roman or Greek gods and goddesses also. Aeneid is not any different type of ancient writing style.
From the mythical Roman story, Juno is the Queen of the Roman gods and goddesses and she is the wife of the King of the Roman gods and goddesses also. She is also the Goddess of Marriage and Birth. Her children include Vulcan. She is shown with body armor wearing a cloak, and a diadem. So, Roman Queen Goddess Juno is mad about losing the most beautiful mortal woman in the world, who is also the married wife of Sparta King Menelaus, to the young and handsome Trojan Prince Paris. Thus, Juno hates all Trojan peoples.
Venus is the Roman Goddess of Love. Venus wins the gentle hand of Sparta Queen Helena for the mortal Trojan Prince Paris making Venus very happy. Thus, the Trojan War begins based on both the hatred and vindictiveness of Roman Queen Goddess Juno which anchors the storyline and then creates hero Aeneas within the Aeneid poem.

The first poem of Aeneid is entitled: Storm and Refuge.

The first line… Of arms and man, I sing…

The story begins in the middle of a sea voyage with a fleet of Trojan ships in the Mediterranean Sea heading in the direction of Italy.

On the seventh line... O Muse, recount to me the causes…

Virgil explains the reason for the conflict of war, where Roman Queen Goddess Juno resents the Trojan people. She orders an ocean storm that drives the fleet of ship and hero Aeneas to the coastline of Carthage, the known deadliest foe of Rome.
The hero Aeneas shows his devotion and his patriotism to the Trojan survivors seeking a second home as his descendants will raise in both noble and courageous traits, which will be known to all nations.

Take up.
The combat once again.
We shall not all die this day unavenged.

Leader Aeneas is the hopeful savior for his defeated and deflated Trojan peoples.

New refugees in a great crowd: men and women
Gathered for exile, young-pitiful people
Coming from every quarter, minds made up,
With their belongings, for whatever lands
I’d lead them to by sea.

Roman Queen Goddess Juno feels wrathful plus she knows all the fated future events involving humans, particularly Aeneas.
In this poem, the Roman gods and goddesses are constantly influencing or forcing the humans to change their minds and their fates impacting the outcome of their fragile human life for the sheer amusement or anger of the other gods.
In the future, the descendants of Aeneas will destroy her favored city of Carthage. She knows that Trojan Prince Ganymede has been chosen as the future wedded husband of her daughter, Hebe. And Roman Queen Goddess Juno does not like that idea, so she asks the Roman God of the Winds Aeolus to stir up an ocean storm and then attack the fleet of Trojan ships. He agrees.

My task is to fulfill your commands.
The storm then devastates the fleet.

When Roman God of the Seas, Neptune notices Aeolus’s vile and vicious godly action, he stills both the rouge ocean winds and then calms the waters. The fleet of Trojan ships shelter in the Horn of Africa.
The mother of Aeneas in the format of Venus appears as the huntress and encourages her son sending him to the city of Carthage. He sails to Carthage finding favor with Queen Dido.
The city of Carthage was founded by refugees from the city of Tyre. Later, the town of Carthage will become a great enemy of both Rome and the Romans.
However, Greek Goddess Venus possesses her own vengeful plans against her own son half-breed god Aeneas by sending her half-son Greek God of Blessings, Cupid, to the city of Carthage first. Cupid arrives and then poisons the mind of human Queen Dido with an arrow bow of artificial love for a recently widowed Aeneas. The fleet of ships and hero Aeneas arrive at the coastline of Carthage.


The 2nd poem is entitled: Trojan Horse and the Sack of Troy.
In the city of Carthage, Queen Dido greets and welcomes the Trojans. Aeneas tells Dido all the latest news the sack of Troy, the death of his wife, his fierce escape from the burning city of Troy. The stories enthrall the Carthaginians with the Falling of Troy.
Within the tale, Greek leader Ulysses and his Greek warriors enter into the walled city of Troy by hiding inside a wooden horse. The Greek warships pretend to sail away from the eyeballs of the Trojans and the shoreline of Troy. Sinon, the Greek warrior convinces the Trojans that the wooden horse is a peace offering.
Lacoon, the Trojan priest disagrees with both Greek warrior Sinon and the King of Troy ordering the destruction of the wooden horse. When his pleas are rejected by the king, the warriors and the populous, he hurls his spear at the wooden horse. A pair of sea serpents appear from the ocean depths, slither onto the shoreline and then eat Priest Lacoon and his two sons. Thus, the Trojans accept the peace offering rolling the wooden structure behind the protective gated walls of Troy as they feel victorious. During nightfall, the Greek warriors emerge and then attack slaughtering all the Trojans.
Before the siege of Greek warriors from the false wooden horse, Aeneas is compared to a shepherd who stands on top of the rock surface protecting his flock…his family.
Aeneas sleeps peacefully and then dreams of Hector, the fall Trojan prince. Hector warns Aeneas to flee the city of Troy with his family. During the fight, Aeneas fights through the Greek warriors and escapes with his wife Creusa, leading his son Ascanius, and carrying his elderly father Anchises.

No help. Or hope of help existed.
So, I resigned myself, pickup my father
And turned my face toward the mountain range.

Outside the gates of Troy, the city is burning, and his wife Creusa is missing. Aeneas returns back into the burning streets finding a drifting she-ghost. Dead wife Creusa tells her husband Aeneas to sail to Hesperia or the present day country of Italy, where a kingship and a new royal spouse awaits him.


The 3rd poem is entitled: Wanderings.
Aeneas continues his sea tales to Queen Dido.
During the burning of Troy and slaughtering of Trojans, he, his surviving family members, and the survivors of a burning and sacked Troy build a fleet of merchant ships, leaving the Troy coastline, landing in the city of Thrace and buries the two dead bodies of fellow Trojan warriors, Polydorus and Delos. God of Sun Apollo tells Aeneas to leave forth Thrace and find the lands of Crete, the forefathers of the Roman Gods and Goddesses.
He leaves again, land again on a new seashore, and then builds the city of Pergamea and then he and his family must escape from the future plague sailing to the island of Sephane. Then he will encounter Goddess Harpy Celaeno. Celaeno tells Aeneas to leave her island and seek the country of Italy, where Aeneas will find the location from the seas, after almost starving to death before eating the wooden legs on the dining table.
His fleet of ships land in the seaport of Buthrotum, which appears like the city of Troy. In the city, Aeneas meets dead Prince Hector’s mourning human family members including Helenus, one of Priam’s son. Helemus foretells Aeneas to go to the Lands of Ausonia or Hesperia or present day Italy, where his future descendants will not become rich but will rule the entire world.


The 4th poem is entitled: Fate of Queen Dido.
Aeneas leaves Buthrotum, sailing around the tip of Italy, heading towards Trinacria or the present day city of Sicily. His ship becomes entangled in the sea whirlpool of Charybdis and lands at the shoreline in the Land of the Cyclopes. Aeneas meets Achaemenides, a Greek warrior served under the command of Ulysses. They encounter danger from the Cave of Polyphemus and abruptly leave the Land of Cyclopes. After stopping for food supplies at the city of Drepanum, sailing ahead towards Italy, Anchises dies of old age.
Here Aeneas ends his travel wanderings as he tells his tales to Queen Dido. He falls in love with the queen thus delaying his destiny of traveling to the country of Italy, founding the city of Rome.
Jupiter/Jove is the Roman King of the Gods and Goddesses and the God of the Sky and Thunder. He tosses a bolt of lightning down on his foes, for kills, or his friends, for fun.
Mercury is the Roman God of Money, Luck, Trickery, and Messages and the guide to the Underworld. He wears a pair of wings on his sandals, a winged hate, holding a staff with twisted snakes. His staff is a magic wand from God of the Light Apollo. His god and goddess parents are Roman King God Jupiter and Maia.
Both God Jupiter/Jove and Mercury remind hero Aeneas of his true destiny.

Thank of your expectations of your heir,
Iulus, to whom the whole Italian realm, the land
Of Rome, are due.
He was to be ruler of Italy,
Potential empire, armorer of war;
To father mean from Teucer’s noble blood
And bring the whole world under law’s dominion.

However, Roman Queen Goddess Juno also like to influence the humans, particularly Aeneas and Dido.

Dido and the Trojan captain will come
To one same cavern. I shall be on hand,
And if I can be certain you are willing,
There I shall marry them and call her his.
A wedding, this will be.

Also, at this point from the first four poems, the current fleet of passenger ships sailing from the shoreline of the burning city of Troy become tossed by the rough ocean seas, compliments of God of the Winds Aeolus. God of Seas, Neptune has calmed the seas as the fleet of ship head towards the city of Carthage.
During his story time with Queen Dido, she falls in love with Aeneas.
Queen Goddess Juno deals with Goddess Venus by distracting Aeneas from his true destiny, the destruction of Carthage, instead Aeneas goes and founds a new city in Italy.
Queen Dido is sick sea in love and then invites Aeneas on a hunting trip, purposefully getting them lost from the hunting prey and greets him in grove of trees. Her royal action is a sign of a royal marriage.
Present day, space, place, and time, in the rear compartment of the parked limousine, Magritte frowned down at the text. “Really! I don’t see how humans got outta of the Fifth Century B.C. with this type of nasty, vile, and vicious art works and literature stories without killing each other. I still, to this day, do not understand any of the Greek or Roman comedy or tragedy stories. This poem is so stupid. I’m so glad that I didn’t have to translate Latin or Greek contexts during my college days. Else, I wouldn’t have never graduated from all of my college courses.” She continued to read in silence all the new information.
When the God of Money and Trickery Mercury appears and reminds hero Aeneas of his duty of both Roman godhood and Trojan kingship, so Aeneas flees the royal palace loading back onto his fleet of Trojan ships sailing away from Carthage. He tells the words below to Queen Dido, before leaving her side.

The god’s interpreter, sent by Jove himself
I swear it by your head and mine has brought
Commands down through the racing winds!
I sail for Italy not of my own free will.

Queen Dido is heartbroken and stabs her body with Aeneas’s sword over her funeral pyre ordering all her loyal citizens to revenge her death, every day, sending both anger and hate to the Trojan peoples.

This is my last cry, as my last blood flows.
Then, O my Tyrians, besiege with hate
His progeny and all his race to come:
Make this your offering to my dust. No love,
No pact must be between our peoples.

This suicide action of the queen starts a new Roman war between the cities of Carthage and Rome.


The 5th poem is entitled: Sicily.
On board his fleeing passenger ship, Aeneas can see the funeral fire of a dead and burning human body of Queen Dido and feels a bad omen from her anger and his future adventures. Bad weather affects the ocean current preventing his ship from reaching Italy, so the Trojan ships and the surviving Trojans return back to the burnt city of Troy.
On the ground soils of Sicily, the focus of the poem is the funeral games for the year anniversary of his father’s death. Aeneas provides a boat race; a foot race; a boxing match and an archery contest. Each contest presents a pass or future event that will affect the life of Aeneas, such as, the boxing match is the encounter of Aeneas and Turnus. The killing of the dove in the archery contest is the deaths of King Priam.
Roman Queen Goddess Juno disguises as an old woman and persuades all the Trojan females to burn the fleet of ships preventing the Trojans from reaching the country of Italy. However, Ascanius and Aeneas pray to the gods. Jupiter waves his hand creating a terrible rainstorm, quenching all the fires.
The he-ghost of his father appears telling his son to go to the Underworld. There, Aeneas will receive a new vision, Rome’s future.
However, for the fleet of ships to safety sail through the seas to the country of Italy, a human man must be sacrificed to Roman King God Jupiter. The human male sailor Palinurus steers the lead ship for Aeneas during the nighttime hours. He is placed asleep by God Somnus and then he falls overboard into his death day. 


The 6th poem is entitled: Underworld.
After leaving the city of Carthage, the fleet of ships head to the city of Cumae. Aeneas meets Cumaean Sibyl. She escorts him descending into the Underworld passing crows of the dead on the Acheron River and then he is ferried across by Charon before passing the three-headed guardian of the Underworld Cerberus. Aeneas sees the fate of the wicked people in Tartarus and bows to the justice of the Roman gods and goddesses. He meets the shade of Queen Dido, who still does not like him. Then he is brought to the green fields of Elysium.
His father’s Shade speaks.

Have you at last come, has that loyalty
Your father counted on conquered the journey?

His father’s Shade introduces the fate of the Romans.

So raptly, everywhere, father and son
Wandered the airy plain and viewed it all.
After Anchises had conducted him
To every region and had fired his love
Of glory in the years to come, he spoke
Of wars that he might fight, of Laurentines,
And of Latinus’ city, then of how
He might avoid or bear each toil to come.
Violence and conflict

His father foretells the destiny of Rome. Aeneas is a citizen devoted and loyal to his new country, where his son Ascanius will be renamed as Iulus, which means Troy.
Note: The meter sounds in three syllables like the name of Julus as the name Iulus is proclaimed an ancestor to Julius Caesar.

His father’s Shade speaks of his son’s destiny.

Turn your two eyes
This way and see this people, your own Romans.
Her is Caesar, and all the line of Iulus,
All who shall one day pas under the dome
Of the great sky; this is the man, this one,
Of whom so often you have heard the promise,
Caesar Augustus, sone of the deified,
Who shall bring once again an Age of Gold,
To Latium, to the land where Saturn reigned,
In early times.

His father proclaims Romulus, who will form the great city of Rome which will be ruled by Caesar Augustus, who is one Aeneas’s descendants.


The 7th poem is entitled: Arrival in Latium & Outbreak of War.
Aeneas leaves the Underworld and returns to the Earth plane leading the Trojan survivors to the Land of Latium, where King Latium is expecting a stranger and bids the stranger to marry his daughter Lavinia, not her betrothed future husband Turnus. Turnus is the king of Rutuli lands.
Roman Goddess Juno is very unhappy and summons a fury from the underworld to create war. Fury Alecto incites human Queen Amata of Latium. She demands her daughter marry Turnus, not Aeneas. Then she creates a situation where Ascanius wounds a royal deer during a hunt.
Aeneas does not want a war between the peoples and the lands, but an outbreak of war occurs anyways.


The 8th poem is entitled: Visit to Pallanteum: Site of Future Rome.
During sleep, from a dream state implanted by God Tiberium, Aeneas is to seek the aid of the Tuscans, the enemies of the Rutuli peoples. At the land site of the future city of Rome, Aeneas meets Greek King Evander of Arcadia and his son first born son, Prince Pallas. They agree to the fight their enemies with hero Aeneas.
Roman Goddess Venus, who is the mother of Aeneas, asks the God of Steel Vulcan to create weapons for her son Aeneas. On his Roman body shield, the future history of Rome is represented, the famous Battle of Actium, in the year 31 B.C. with Octavian, and Marcus Antonio.


The 9th poem is entitled: Siege of the Trojan Camp by Italian Prince Turnus.
Goddess Juno has told the secret location of the Trojan camp to Prince Turnus. Aeneas is away from his encampment. At the same time, the Trojan warriors Nisus and Euryalus are attacking the camp site of Prince Turnus while slaughtering their enemies. The next day, Turnus and his troopers breach the gates of Latium but must retreat jumping into the Tiber River waters.


The 10th poem is entitled: First Battle.
The gods and goddesses hold a meeting on Mount Olympus, Goddess Venus and Goddess Juno talk with Roman God Jupiter/Jove.
Aeneas returns to his camp with his new allies, the Arcadians and Tuscans fighting with Turnus and his warriors.
Tuscan Prince Pallas is killed by Turnus. Lausus, the son of Mezentius is sacrificed by Turnus on the battlefield as Turnus flees the fight. Then Turnus agrees to meet and face Aeneas in single combat, an honorable tradition of wartime. 


In the 11th poem, the title is: Armistice & Battle of Camilla.
The war ends during the funeral parade of Tuscan Prince Pallas. Then the war continues.
Volscian Princess, Amazon virgin Camilla fights with Hero Aeneas and his Trojan soldiers and as she is a devoted warrior of Roman Goddess Diana. Camilla fights bravely winning the battle but dies from a cold beverage of deadly poison by Arruns, who dies by the hand of Opis, the sentinel for Goddess Diana.


The 12th poem is entitled: Final Battle & Duel of Aeneas and Turnus.
Warrior Turnus is urged by his divine sister Goddess Juturna and then nagged by Goddess Juno breaking the truce. He agrees to meet and face Aeneas in a single combat, an honorable tradition of wartime. During the fight, Aeneas is wounded by an arrow and becomes magically healed by his mother Goddess Venus returning back to the duel. Turnus and Aeneas continue to battle, when Aeneas attacks the city of Latium causing Queen Latium to hang in death by her suicide.
Then Aeneas forces Turnus into a second duel of swords. Aeneas tosses his spear wounding Turnus in the thigh then ponders the ending for the great Italian warrior Turnus.
On the ground Turnus begs for his life, when Aeneas spots the sword belt from a dead friend Tuscan Prince Pallas.

You in your plunder, torn from one of mine,
Shall I be robbed of you? This wound will come
From Pallas: Pallas makes this offering
And from your criminal blood exacts his due.

Aeneas stabs the tip of his blade into the chest on Turnus while feeling both rage and anger. The limbs on Turnus goes slack from death and s and his life force flees traveling down into the Underworld.

Then the twelve and last Roman poem ends.

This paper has briefly summarized each one of the twelve poems leaving out numerous topics, such like, the future events of Rome, the future deeds of Augustus Caesar, the past deeds of a dead Julius Caesar, the famous alive and dead Roman warriors, and the Carthaginian War.
The twelve poems feature the current royal reign of Augustus Caesar and his Roman politics as both a curse of his politics and a celebration of his new empire. Historically, Julius Caesar was brutally attacked and then died on the Isles of March. Then his nephew Augustus Caesar became emperor bringing both peace and prosperity to the city of Rome, all the Romans, and expanding the Roman Empire into 1 A.D.
The poem lacks the marriage scene of Aeneas to his wife Lavinia or his future descendants like his son Ascanius or Iulus creating the Roman race.
In classical Latin poetry, the meter is based on the length of syllables rather than the stress of the meter. Virgil’s Latin writing style has been praised by modern day Latin scholars for its evenness, subtlety and dignity. Virgil uses personification, metaphors, and simile in his works to add drama and create emotional tension to each scene.
In the fourth book, the depiction of Dido, the queen of Carthage, who has a romance and then sex relations with Aeneas. Dido is representative of the true North African Queen Cleopatra, who lived 69 to 30 B.C. Queen Cleopatra had love relationships with both Roman Dictator Julius Caesar and Roman Senator and General Marcius Antonia.
As a rule, the writer writes their main action man as an expression of his own personality and traits, one is piety. The Roman ideal of pietas or piety or dutiful respect is a selfless sense of duty towards one’s religion and social obligations. Hero Aeneas serves as the shepherd of his people; the warrior for his people, and the finally the savior of his people with the future fortune, becoming the father of the Roman race. Then at the end of the twelve poems, his piety turns into fury killing a defenseless soldier ending the last book.
Aeneid by Roman Poet Virgil has been proclaimed as the pinnacle of Latin literature, much like, the Greek literature piece, Iliad, by Greek Poet Homer. So, throughout the centuries, other writers have been influenced by Aeneid featuring Beowulf, The Faerie Queen, Paradise Lost, and The Divine Comedy.
The Divine Comedy by poet Dante, Virgil is one of the major characters guiding Dante through the realms of Hell and Purgatory. In the passage below, Shade Virgil greets poet Dante.

Are you then that Virgil, and that fountain, that pours out so great a river of speech?

O, glory and light to other poets, may that long study, and the great love, that made me scan your work, be worth something now.

You are my master, and my author: you alone are the one from whom I learnt the high style that has brought me honor.

Over the centuries, the great story writers, such like, William Shakespeare and Alexander Pope, have robbed numerous times some of the original Latin sentences from Roman poet Virgil too.
Aeneid is divided into two major sections like Homer’s Iliad and includes two similar themes, the Odyssey poem’s wandering and the Iliad poem’s warfare battles.
As a studious scholar of Ancient History, the true college student will immediately identify the similar themes used by Greek poet Homer, such like, a deserted hero, a tragic figure, a lost country and a war of opposing factions, mystical and mythical gods and goddesses and numerous true Ancient World historical facts.
In the first section, hero Odyssey does not wander around the different landscapes, like Aeneas, but participates in detail events on Ithaca like Homer’s poem Odyssey. In the second section, hero Achilles and hero Aeneas both fight establishing and finding a new home for their families like Homer’s second poem entitled Iliad.
Poems numbered one to four of the Aeneid stars and starts hero Aeneas on a long and wonderous, not wonderful journey, where the Roman gods and goddesses enjoy controlling and then impacting the fate of each human, which is called the interlude. An interlude is an intervening event.
Poems numbered five through eight, hero Aeneas yearns for peace, harmony, and tranquility for his character and his country pairing a widowed Aeneas with a single Queen Dido, which is called intersex.
In the ninth, tenth, eleventh and twelfth poems, hero Aeneas is torn between his mixed emotions of peace and anger but leading with his deadly emotion of anger and then swiftly murders a defenseless prince-soldier through the heart muscle in a fit of furious rage, which is called Interplay. Interplay is the way in which two things have are affected upon each other.
The main characters in poem Aeneid clearly represents Aeneas as Roman Emperor Augustus Caesar Octavian. Dido is Queen Cleopatra. Turnus is Roman Senator Marcius Antonio. Troy is the representative of all the conquered barbarian cities by the Roman army.
Finally, the least but more important trait of the poem is presented on Virgil’s tombstone reading: Manuta gave me life. The Calabrians took it away. Naples holds me now. I sang of pastures in Eclogues, farms of Georgics and the leaders of Aeneid.


Present day, space, place and time, in the limousine, Magritte stated, “Well, he presented his argument nicely! His college research paper is a nice read. The interplay is the interference of some of the selfish and arrogant Roman gods and goddesses. Now big whoop there! The intersex is the sex between a male widower and a female queen, which occurs on an hourly basis in the 21st Century. No big deal here! The inter…” She frowned. “I can’t remember the third item. But I enjoyed quickly reading it in the English language. I would hate to have to translate that from Latin into English. Then the author provides a biographer of Virgil.”

Publius Vergilius Maro was born on October 15th, in the year 70 B.C. He was a Roman poet of the Augustan Period writing three famous poems in Latin literature: Ecolgues, Georgics and Aeneid.
The modern day historians use the nickname Virgil or Vergil. Virgil was born in the village of Andes, near Mantua, in Cisalpine Gaul of northern Italy, within the Roman Republic.
He came from an equestrian landowning family that provided an expensive education to their son.
At the age of five years old, a young Virgil attended his education schools in the city of Cremona, then he attended a school in Milan, then a school in Rome studying medicine and astronomy, and a school in Naples studying philosophy. He was described as extremely shy and reserve and was nicknamed as Parthenia or a maiden from his social aloofness.
In the year 42 B.C., at the Battle of Philippi, where the army of assassins of a dead Julius Caesar rest in peace, Octavian tries to pay off the Roman soldiers with expropriated lands from the northern towns. A land estate belonging to Virgil is one of the expropriated lands given to one of the retired Roman soldiers.
After the loss of his home estate, in the same year, at the age of 28 years old, Virgil wrote his ten poems of Eclogues. Poem one tells the gratitude by an old rustic to a new god. Poem two is the frustrated love by a rustic singer for a distant body. Poem three discuss homosexual love. Poem four uses the imagery of the golden age in connection with the birth of a child. Poems fifth through eighth describe the myth of Daphnis in a song contest. Poem six describes the cosmic and myth of Silenus. Poem seven is a heated poetic contest. Poem nine is the danger of land expropriations on the countryside of Italy. Poem ten is the sufferings of Poet Cornelius Gallus.
For eight years 37 B.C. to 29 B.C., he wrote the poem entitled Georgics. Georgics is a Greek word meaning, “on working the earth.” The poem provides instructions for running a farm. Books one and two focus on raising crops and trees. Book three is raising livestock and horse and the description of the plague. And book four is the art of beekeeping and the qualities of bees. The discovery of beekeeping by Aristaeus and the story of Orpheus’ journey to the Underworld. The Underworld story had replaced the 26 B.C. personal suicide of Virgil’s friend, Poet Gallus, who had been disgraced by Roman Emperor Augustus Caesar.
For 11 years, from 29 to 19 B.C. Virgil worked on a commissioned poem for Emperor Augustus Caesar entitled Aeneid describing the journey of Troy citizen Aeneas. Aeneas becomes a warrior leader and a Trojan savoir fleeing with the Trojan survivors from an attacked burning city of Troy, looking for the country of Italy, landing in the city of Carthage, battling an Italian Prince Turnus and then forming the new city of Rome.
Virgil died on a boat docked in the Brundisium Harbor on September 21, in the year 19 B.C., at the age of 49 years, eleven months old.


Magritte smiled then commented, “Well, I got some free time. The rain sheets are flooding the window seals,” she giggled with silliness. “So, what’s the title of the second college paper? Aeneid: A story of a Roman Murderer. What! What? How’s that even possible? Aeneid poem is a war story with deaths and destruction, not a murder mystery matter. I’ll read the last page with the final ending of his college research paper. The last page holds the end finale of everyone and everything stating the final comment from the college writer about his college paper,” She dove into the electronic data. The internet article on the tiny screen of Magritte’s personal mobile telephone displayed the last page of the college paper. She read in silence.

Within the Aeneid literature, the 12th poem is entitled: Final Battle & Duel of Aeneas and Turnus.
His divine sister Roman Goddess Juturna urges and Roman Goddess of Marriage Juno nags to the Italian Prince and great warrior Turnus to break the truce. He offers a duel with Trojan hero, citizen and warrior Aeneas fighting in a single combat, an honorable traditional of war.
In the vicious fight, Aeneas is wounded by Turnus’ arrow but magically is healed by a goddess, his mother Goddess of Love Venus and then he returns to the duel.
Turnus and Aeneas continue the battle fight. Aeneas attacks the city of Latium causing his other enemy Queen Latium some deep grief. Then she hangs in death by her hand of personal suicide. Then Aeneas teases Prince Turnus into a second duel of sharp swords and sharper words.
Aeneas jabs his spear wounding the thigh on Prince Turnus as he ponders the final ending for the great Italian warrior Turnus.
On the ground Turnus cries and pleads for his life force and a physician as Aeneas spots the foreign sword belt from his dead friend Tuscan Prince Pallas.

You in your plunder, torn from one of mine,
Shall I be robbed of you? This wound will come
From Pallas: Pallas makes this offering
And from your criminal blood exacts his due.

Hero Aeneas thrusts his sword into Turnus feeling both rage and anger. The limbs on Turnus goes limp from his final death act and as his Shade travels down into the Underworld foreverly.
Then the twelve and last Roman poem ends abruptly, without further meters of six lines like its Roman poet Virgil, who has abruptly died from a sea voyage going back home into retirement at the age of 50 years old.
Writer Virgil or Vergil dies in the year 19 B.C. A few days before, he traveled to the capital city Rome, within the Roman Empire, meeting with Emperor Augustus Caesar and his royal sister Octavia for the vocal reading of Aeneid. In reading the sixth poem, when Virgil hails praise for Roman citizen Marcellus, the deceased son of Octavia, Octavia faints from grief landing on the floor.
Virgil finishes his vocal presentation with the emperor alone and then boards a sea vessel for home catching a high body fever. Then he is weakened from the mysterious illness and then lands in the Brundisium sea harbor, abruptly dying on September 21st.
The first of five offensive arguments for a single act of cold-blooded murder by Emperor Augustus Caesar starts with the last recorded action of Roman poet Virgil. He purposefully presented and read his new poem in front of Emperor Augustus Caesar and his sister Octavian creating both drama and sensation.
Second, he wrote about the suicide of his poet friend Cornelius Gallus dying in the year 26 B.C., inside his first Roman poem entitled Eclogues and inside his second Roman poem Georgics.
Gallus was embarrassed by person and then his poem was humiliated by Emperor Augustus Caesar. Then he committed suicide ending his Roman life force within the Rome Republic.
Third, Virgil was commissioned and paid by Emperor Augustus Caesar to write a poem about Caesar which happened to be entitled Aeneid.
Fourth, Virgil read his poem and collected his pay from Emperor Augustus Caesar sailing back home. He wrote in his Last Will and Testimony given to his friends to burn and then bury the original manuscript of Aeneid. Instead Augustus Caesar countered the last words from a dead Virgil and ordered the Aeneid poem published, which has lasted in written publication to the populous for centuries.
Fifth, Virgil suddenly arrives at the home of Augustus Caesar, surprisingly reads his poem, and boards a new sea ship, catching a mysterious fever. He mysterious dies as the ship docks at seaport near his home.
Final conclusion, Publius Vergilius Maro or his nickname Virgil was murdered by Emperor Augustus Caesar, the nasty son of a bitch nephew of a nastier Roman stateman, warrior, and leader Julius Caesar.

Magritte clapped loudly and smiled nodding her dirty curls then commented. “Now, that’s an ending to a storyline! Touché! Who created and then argued each one of those legal points, within that college paper? Hmm! Methinks one of the twin sons from Mr. and Mrs. Attila Samuel Smith is smarter and brighter than the other one. He did a very good job on his college paper presenting all the cold-blooded, criminal arguments, like a true criminal lawyer, for an ancient cold-blooded murder of Virgil by an ancient and dead Emperor Augustus Caesar.” She giggled with amusement. “Which Smith twin is he? I like his writing style and his dry wit. He possesses a criminal mind for catching a criminal,” she flipped through the phone’s information and whispered for her eardrums only. “Attila Samuel Smith, the third, he’s smarter than his first born twin brother. Well, I’m intrigued with both of the Smith twins, but I admire the second twin and his smarter ways much more.” She smiled. “Where did I left off on my research of Ace’s blood line? Not much here! Nothing there! I must jump down six years. The twins were busy doing nothing.” She continued to read the new data in silence wearing a smile.

In the year 1844, throughout the South, the fields experienced a very dry conditions creating a fair yield of cotton and vegetables crops.
In the year 1845, throughout the South, including the three U.S. States of Alabama, Georgia, and North Carolina experienced another very dry year causing both cotton and field crops to fail.
In the year 1846, cotton caterpillars invaded the Black Belt cotton fields within Alabama.
In the year 1847, rains and floods destroyed the cotton fields producing a low crop yield.
In the year 1848, in the month of December, the first college graduation class consists of seven men. The Smith twins represent two of the men within the first class of college graduates from Howard College earning a second college degree, Bachelor of Languages.

She laughed, “Awe! No love poems or love letters or lovers. Those two young men are so gay and like only other men. Back then, only men went to school with men. They like school and fools, not fights and shots,” she laughed with an evil tone. 

Another new college graduate is 19-year-old John Thomas Barron.

American History moment: In the year 1854, on the Howard College campus, a fire destroys its single academic building. The college recovers from the fire and builds a new structure called, Lovelace Chapel and Hall. In the year 1861, the American Civil War Between the States starts. The college closes its buildings and locks its doors as all the young men go off to war and never comes back to college institution or their personal homestead or their loving mama.

Magritte frowned, “Truly, a sad and sorrow time in the American lands! Amen!”

Another American History moment: In the year 1863, during the fighting battles of the war, Lovelace Chapel and Hall on the Howard College campus becomes a military hospital for both Union and Confederacy injured and wounded war soldiers and a large sheltering place for all freed runaway slaves.
After the war, in the year 1865, Howard College reopens the school re-admitting new academic students.
In the year 1887, after the academy environment of Howard College was physically transported and then economically transferred from the small town Marion to the growing city Birmingham, all the college campus buildings were kept updated and then converted into founding the Marion Military Institute.
In the year 2021, the Marion Military Institute is a public military junior college and the official state military college, within the U.S. State of Alabama, and the oldest military junior college within the United States of America, where a cadet can earn a military commission as a Second Lieutenant rank entering into the United States Army military branch.
In the year 1849, the Smith twins next received a handwritten recommendation letter from the President of the Texas Republic, Sam Houston. Now, the Smith twins are accepted and then enrolled in the newly founded School of Law at Cumberland College in the present day city of Lebanon, within the present day U.S. State of Tennessee.

She gasped in shock, “What! What! What is this? Again, only a new school with only new unknown men! The Smith twins still refuse to leave their wayward path of meeting men and continue to stray away, like a farm cat, from their farmland. They do no desire to move back and then live in the beautiful seaport home of Mobile, flirt with all the pretty southern belles, attend all the fun social parties but enroll in law school instead. What’s wrong with these bodies…naw…boys? Maybe, the Smith twins do not like a pair of female companionship. I mean, they were birthed as boys and play with boys. Hmm! I might have stumbled onto something here, a new American juicy tidbit, that I could toss in Ace’s face, when he starts to give me a hard time after Attila’s death day. So, Ace really is an adopted child. His mother and his father and his grandfather and his sister, all of them are not alive living in Mobile much less Planet Earth to vocally disprove my working theory either,” she laughed with an evil tone.
The present day city of Lebanon is a landlock geographical site comprising 2.29 miles of agricultural land and 0.50 miles of water.
During the Ordovician Period, 460 million years ago, a layer of limestone rock formed from calcareous ooze deposited by a primordial sea that once covered the middle portion of present day U.S. State of Tennessee. The rock eroded away for millions of years creating karst formations consisting of joints, underground steams, caves, and sinkholes, which are common throughout the landscape of Lebanon.
Lebanon is a landlocked geographical plateau with an elevation of 528 feet from sea level consisting of 38.50 square miles of land plus 0.13 square miles of water equal a total of 38.63 square miles, a mountainous region with an abundance of cedar trees. The placement of the city is located in the middle portion of Tennessee and is 25 miles east from present day city of Nashville.
The unique weather pattern is classified as a temperate oceanic climate producing seven calendar months of 50 degrees or higher Fahrenheit temperatures. The winters are mild; the summers are heated.
The city was incorporated in the year 1801 and named after the biblical city of Lebanon which was known for its tall cedar trees also. The natives have nicknamed the city, Cedar City, the home to Cumberland College and numerous restaurant headquarters, fields of cows, and miles of cotton fields. In the year 2020, the current population comprises 39,686 individuals.
The forest of red tinted cedar trees resides on flat land characterized by thin soil layers of exposed limestone bed rock. A glade community will form easily adapting to the harsh barren landscape, where the soil earth is too thin to support other plant bushes. The glade community is an open area of solid rock or gravel meadows, where nothing grows but short pods of grass, thin shrubs and a small red cedar youngling trees, creating a Cedar Glade.
A Cedar Glade is a unique type of ecosystem surrounded by groves of red tinted cedar trees known as a cedar thicket. Beyond the cedar thicket, the soil ground is thicker supporting hardwood forests of oak and hickory trees. The cedar glade is named Cedars of Lebanon State Forest, the home of 9,420-acre of land, 250 plant species, reindeer moss, glade moss, white oak trees, shagbark hickory trees, rodents, birds, and native flowering plant species, such as, the Tennessee Coneflower, the Prickly Pear cactus, and the Limestone Flame Flower.
The rainwater drains down from the glade community into underground streams flowing into above ground lakes and ponds.
A forest of red cedar trees and its matching rock based natural landscape surrounds the present day city of Lebanon, within the U.S. State of Tennessee, inside Wilson County.
In the year 1850, the population of Lebanon recorded 1,554 people. In the year 1870, people numbered 2,073 individuals, an increase of 90 percent. In the year 1880, the population recorded 2,296 souls. In the year 1890, the persons decreased by 18 percent to 1,883 individuals.

Magritte frowned. “What does their biological overprotective dad and mom’s parental opinions of their two adult sons reflect now?” She scanned the electronic articles for an answer finding another new piece of information.
Back in the seaport beach town of Mobile, on Ansley Lane, Attila and Everleigh talk and worry for their two sons. However, Attila is not fond of the local frilly, fancy, flighty, and flirty native-born Mobilian southern belles.
She gasped in shock, “What! What’s this nonsense here, ya’ll? The city of Mobile is great, and all of her southern belles are greater. Now, I don’t like the vile words, the nasty attitude, and the vicious personality of Attila Samuel Smith or Samuel Attila Smith, at all. He’s a small, crude, crass, old man, who was not birthed in a civilized city but on a sea island with cows, chickens and crows.” She frowned and continued to read the new information in silence.
Each southern belle only wants to marry her rich male first or a second blood-related cousin or marry into another outside wealthier family name and then wear a pretty new antebellum party dress attending the next social gala ball here in Mobile.
Attila had been raised on a work ethics system, not a party system. He and his wife Everleigh are always nicely invited but do not ever attend all those social Mobilian parties for that very reason as each teenage curious southern belle is always inquiring about their two handsome, rich and available sons.
Everleigh is very happy that her two sons have decided to pursue the field of academics for a few more years. Then her sons will return home to Mobile with an open mind of all current events occurring all over the world and maybe occupying a lovely petite, silk-gloved hand on a true southern belle, who is interested in old-fashioned family ways, not money values.


Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1850…”

One piano sold for $195.00
One visit from the medical physician cost $2.00.
The construction of a new house cost $2,500.00.
One pound of coffee sold for 80 cents.
The American dollar is worth the value of modern day U.S. currency of $28.30.
The group of productive cotton plantation owners from the southern U.S. States produced 2,850,000 cotton bales, an increase of 295 percent from the 1840s.
In the city of Mobile, on the dirt road of Ansley Lane, inside his purchased manor, Attila sits in the breakfast table overlooking the a beautifully manicured year while reading the daily newspaper but wears a worried brow.
Back on the Sea Island, his relatives told and re-told the funny, dangerous, humorous and deadly stories about the work of foreign language translator. Lottie Dottie Beeks Smith was his 4th generation grandmother and a gifted linguist, who could read, write, and speak four different languages teaching her children and grandchildren in English, French, Spanish, and numerous Native American Indian dialects.
As a small child, after his work chores, he learned to read, write, add numbers and speak the same four languages also. When he left the Seal Island for Darien his rusty foreign language skills were very useful as well as his knowledge of Sea Island cotton fibers making him a rich man without the need to work for the rest of his days.
When he arrived in Mobile, in the year 1833, his foreign language skills were not needed or used and he had purchased land property with numerous cotton slaves, a common business transaction. He immediately arranged for all of his slaves to become a freed man and women, who purchased for one U.S. Dollar their own lands and plowed their own crop fields for their own money fortunes.
In the Mobile seaport, on a daily basis, each slave merchant ship is docked exporting cotton bales to the northern cities of America or over the seas to the country of England plus importing African slaves. The Coastwise Slave Trade Act of 1840 stated that the Gulf of Mexico ocean waters and the eastern coastline borders along the Atlantic Ocean of North American is owned by the United States of America government. No other government entity or ships could lounge in American domestic waters.
However, when a slave ship loaded with slaves coming from the country of Africa encounters a rough ocean weather pattern or a malfunction on its ship’s engines, the ship will dock in the seaport of either Bermuda or British West Indies for either repair or safety. Then the British authorities invade the docked ship and free the slaves living in either the Bermuda Islands or the British West Indies islands. Once the freed slaves tattle back to their kinfolk in Africa, a shipload of other slaves will fight and then incite a riot forcing the ship into either the Bermuda or West Indies seaport becoming a free man or woman.
Attila has always believed in his heart and soul that a man or woman or child should not be owned by another person like a piece of property.
He does not own a slave; he does owe a friend!
However, the uprising slave riots on the slave ships were becoming a concerning item among the wealthy cotton plantation landowners. Attila does not stroll into any of local Mobile shops for a cup of hot coffee as he does not drink a cup of coffee, only fresh water and milk, but he enjoys hearing the latest gossip. The newest gossip string leads into the high international tensions between the United States of America government and the British Empire regarding the legal interpretation of the international maritime law within the world’s oceans.
In the year 1849, throughout the South, on April 16th, a killing frost of ice crystals formed on top of all still waters. All the corn and cotton crops had to be replanted. The small wheat and barley grain crops died. In the city of Charlestown, within the U.S. State of South Carolina, four inches of snowflakes fell over the ground and the buildings.
Becoming a newly certified American accountant or a certified American lawyer requires the completion of an apprenticeship program, not a classroom setting with a seated eager student studying an individual academic course.
At this time period, here in earlier United States of American history, there are only three Law School within the United States of America. The Harvard School of Law was founded in the year 1832. The Yale School of Law was founding the year 1826. And the Cumberland School of Law in the month of July, in the year 1847. Each law student signs an agreement of clerkship working beside a true lawyer, learning the legal law practices from two or three years before graduating with a Bachelor of Law or a LL.B degree.
The free and perturbed colonists, within the new Colonial America, was not keen on a lawyer due to the role an English lawyer had played in their previous individual live while residing in the country of England. However, the law of the land needed a lawyer to interpret that fact.
At first, an English lawyer was needed, imported from English and then both used and abused. At the start of the American Revolution, all the English lawyers were removed from the young nation. Then at the end of the American Revolution, each independent colony had a loose system for training a new American lawyer. In the modern day U.S. State of New York, in the year 1730, a formal seven-year clerkship program was required.
In the year 1756, a four-year college degree was required first and then five years of clerkship and a final law examination.
The first United States university, providing the first United States law degree, was the College of William and Mary. The degree was named, a Bachelor of Law, which was abbreviated with the initials, L.B. A Bachelor of Law was earned after completing a two-year program including the summer semester or 24 months of studies.
Harvard University assigned the abbreviation of LL.B. to each law degree.
The University of Maryland established the first United States “law” program, in the year 1812. The law program studies both the theory and the philosophy from the following literature sources: The Holy Bible, Roman philosopher Marcus Tullius Cicero, Roman philosopher Lucius Annaeus Seneca, Greek philosopher Aristotle, France philosopher Charles-Louis de Secondat, Baron de La Brede et de Montesquieu and Dutch lawyer Hugo de Grotius. Thus, the earlier law school programs prepared a law student for a career as a stateman, not a lawyer.
Both Yale University of Cambridge, Massachusetts awarded a Bachelor of Laws degree or the abbreviated format called an L.L.B Degree, after completing a cultural study including courses in languages, mathematics, and economics.
In the year 1826, the Yale University School of Law proclaimed the study of law as a science and the law library as the laboratory, where historical legal law cases provided the basis for leering the principles of law for mankind. Each law student completed a legal law practitioner’s program. The program lasted two ears and included legal law practical court room cases and courses such like pleading drafts.
By the 1850s, the three known private American law schools had shuffled a law student away from a classroom education in the theory, history, and philosophy of legal law into a legal law practitioner method including working with an active lawyer while learning under a practical legal education, sometimes, in the court room setting.

American History moment: The current known identification Doctor of Law or Doctor of Jurisprudence or the shortened name of J.D. degree, which literally means “teacher of legal knowledge” was not listed law degree, for a law graduate, by a legal law school until the middle of the 20th Century.

In the year 1851, throughout the South, in the month of April, the rain produced high waters. The summer months presented hot and dry weather. The Smith twins graduate with their fellow lawyer graduate Payne Prim, in the month of December, from the Cumberland School of Law program, receiving a Bachelor of Law or an L.L.B degree.
Payne Prim leaves the U.S. State of Tennessee and then travels on the Oregon Trail to the western region of the United States of America. Years later, he serves as a famous United States Federal Judge for the U.S. State of Oregon.
In the year 1852, on January 20th, the city of Mobile recorded eight (8) degrees Fahrenheit air temperature as three black tinted carriages pulled by four draft horses arrived at Attila’s house. The Smith twins had finally returned home to their parents and then presented their girlfriend, a pair of matching female twins. Elleen Catherine Lawler and her twin sister Ellee Christine Lawler are 18 years old, starting the freshman class at the age of 17 years old.
Each young and pretty female teen presents a tall, slender body frame possessing a head of long curly blonde hair, a pair of blue eyes, and a tone of peach tinted skin. Each southern belle twin hails from the town of Lebanon. Their widower mother owns a small chicken farm with three fields of cotton bolls sending her twin daughters to Cumberland College for a proper college education or a wedding proposal. The twin daughters had attended one year of college while meeting and then mating with the Smith twins.
Each girl wears a furry, rabbit-coated, winter bonnet in pretty white hue covering her two naked ear points tied in a cute woolen bow on the side of their chin. Her upper bodice is covered a fluffy rabbit-coated short cape. Below the furry cape, each girl wears a long, woolen, ankle-length skirt in pretty blue hue over a whale-tiered loop skirt with a pair of low-heeled leather boots in black hue covering each naked foot, keeping the human limb warm from the fridge air currents. Her two hands are coated in a pair of furry gloves holding a short cloth bag in matching blue hue with her woolen skirt.
Each face wears a pretty smile staring at Mr. and Mrs. Attila Smith.
The popular female fashion was a hoop accessory worn underneath a lighter fabric in prints or solids featuring a low V-neckline, a sleeveless bodice with a ruffled collar exposing the pale skin on each female. Each long ankle-length skirt featured a solid color presenting rows of ruffles or tiers of white or pastel colored ruffles with colorful ribbons and bows. Each tiny waistline features a thick colorful satin sash puddling down to the floor covered in an assortment of colorful bows or ruffles or patterned fabrics. The female skirt did not hold a pocket, so each female toted around a matching cloth bag holding their personal items. The female hairstyle was worn around the head decorated with a ring of ribbon. The ribbon was usually trimmed in fake fabric of flowers or stars or another girly object of desire.
The middle-aged, slightly blonde-hair with gray strands and peach tinted skin, widowed mother of the twin teenager sisters, Cathy Elle Moore Lawler arrives in the next day wearing a dark blue woolen skirt outfit covered in a white tinted rabbit-coated cape, hat, and gloves. She sold her chicken farm and homestead to a local neighborhood family. Now, she’s sitting beside all her numerous luggage cases inside a separate carriage. Attila and Everleigh are not shocked but are very welcoming to their new family members offering a nicely re-decorated house on their land property for the future mother-in-law.
Later in the month of January, a grand double-wedding ceremony is performed at the local church with the Smith twins marrying their twin girlfriends.
In the months of July and August, heavy thunderstorm of rain showers brought a blight of cotton insects but gale force winds from the Mobile Bay. During one of the terrible thunderstorms, on August 13th, the first-born child, a baby daughter for Attila Samuel Smith, the third.  On a second awful thunderstorm, on August 18th, the first-born child, a baby daughter comes for Attila Samuel Smith, the third. Both Attila and Everleigh become a pair of happy grandparents dotting on their two new granddaughters.


Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1853…”
In New York City, a family of four, without medicines for sickness, requires an annual paycheck of $600.00 to feed, shelter, and cloth their human bodies.
During the spring months throughout the South, heavy rains and flood waters reduce the yield of the cotton crops, not destroying them. The town of Mount Vernon, which is 31 miles north of Mobile, sees 106.37 inches of rain.
On June 4th, a day without rain showers and tiny bits of heated sunshine and humid air currents, within the city of Mobile, on the dirt road of Ansley Lane, inside his purchased manor home, Attila wears a long shirt, a pair of dark blue linen trousers, and a pair of bare feet sitting at the breakfast table, overlooking the a beautifully manicured year while reading the daily newspaper but wears a worried brow.
Back on the Sea Island, his relatives told and re-told the funny, dangerous, humorous and deadly stories about the work of foreign language translator. Lottie Dottie Beeks Smith was his 4th Generational Grandmother and a gifted linguist, who could read, write, and speak four different languages teaching her children and grandchildren in English, French, Spanish, and numerous Native American Indian dialects.
As a small child, after his work chores, he learned to read, write, add numbers and speak the same four languages also. When he left the Sea Island for the seaport town of Darien, his rusty foreign language skills were very useful as well as his knowledge of Sea Island cotton fibers making him a rich man without the need to work for the rest of his days.
When he arrived in Mobile, in the year 1833, his foreign language skills were not needed or used, when he legally purchased the 7,000 acres of land property with numerous cotton slaves, a common business transaction. He immediately ranged for all of his slaves to become a freed man and women, who purchased for one U.S. dollar their own lands and then plowed their own crop fields for their own money fortunes.
In the Mobile seaport, on a daily basis, each slave merchant ship is docked exporting cotton bales to the northern cities of America or overseas to the countries of England and Spain plus importing numerous African slaves. The Coastwise Slave Trade Act of 1840 stated that the Gulf of Mexico ocean waters and the eastern coastline borders along the Atlantic Ocean of North America is owned by the United States of America government. No other government entity or ships could lounge in American domestic waters.
However, when a slave ship loaded with slaves coming from the country of Africa encounters a rough ocean weather pattern or a malfunction on its ship’s engines, the ship will dock in the seaport of either Bermuda or British West Indies for either repair or safety. Then the British authorities invade the docked ship and free the slaves living in either the Bermuda Islands or the British West Indies islands. Once the freed slaves tattle back to their kinfolk in Africa, a shipload of other slaves will fight and then incite a riot forcing the ship into either the Bermuda or West Indies seaport becoming a free man or woman.
Attila has always believed in his heart and soul that a man or woman or child should not be owned by another person like a piece of property.
He does not own a slave; he does owe a friend!
However, the uprising slave riots on the slave ships were becoming a concerning item among the wealthy cotton plantation landowners. Attila does not purposefully stroll into any of local Mobile shops for a cup of hot coffee as he does not drink a cup of coffee, only glasses of fresh water, juices, and milk, but he enjoys hearing the latest gossip while his wife visits with their two new granddaughters throughout the daylight hours and most of the evening hours too.
The newest gossip string coming from the more talkative land owners lead into the highly international political tensions between United States of American government and ancient British Empire again regarding the legal or political interpretation of the international maritime waterway laws again. The international maritime waterways became the primary source that led into the War of 1812 between the United States of American government and the British Empire also. So, Attila fears another great American war with England again.
He is not a licensed lawyer on the matter of legal law, but his twin sons are newly graduated attorneys. After gathering his recent disturbing and perturbing information bites, he slips on a pair of soft leather shoes over his two naked feet and then saddles his horse. The horse slowly walks over the dirt road towards his son’s manor house on the opposite side of his massive land property traveling one mile in land distance.
His two sons were politely curtesy about penning a handwritten letter, one per week, during their vitiation to the town of Marion, their progress in the military college, and then their time at law school in Tennessee. As their law school graduation year draw closer, their parents started construction on a new grand manor on the opposite end of Ansley Lane, where their two sons could live, until one becomes married and then he and his wife could inherit the grand house. The other single twin son could return and live with his parents, until he become married.
The new house was completed, a few months, before their two sons graduated in the cold month of December from the third known law school, within the United States of America. Then the two sons arrived and presented their new surprise, a pair of matching pregnancy fiancés. Now, both the married couples with a newborn baby reside in the house together with no issues. Everleigh stays there during the day while doting over her two grandbabies.
His two sons inspect the crops and lands in the morning then came home for the lunch meal rambling around the property, clearing up the business transactions or shooting the shit inside a designated outhouse that has been turned into an ancient man cave while their babies peaceful sleep and their wives and their mother rest from the newborn activities.
Attila knows where to find his two sons and enters the outside building wearing a smile, sitting down at the empty chair at the table. He’s not interested in interrupting the chess game but speaks his mind while softly tapping on the nicely polished wooden surface. He does not ask about his grandchildren as they are in good protective hands with their mother, his wife, and their paid nannies. He frowns, “Another slave ship has unloaded with their crew and cargo in the port of Bermuda Islands.”
At 36 years old, first-born twin son Attila Samuel Smith, Junior likes to be called Junior and wears a white shirt over a pair of tan linen pants with pockets and a pair of bare feet. He does not view his father but studies the chess board, “We do not own slaves, Daddy. That information is useless for us and with us….”
“We have no worries with these nasty slave ships, the abused slaves or the domestic or international legal or illegal slave laws. We are not a slave trade family, Daddy.” At 36 years old, the youngest twin son is named Attila Samuel Smith, the third. He can’t be called Attila, as that’s his father’s name. He does not like the name Samuel or the nickname of Trey representing the third Roman numeral within his proper name, so he is called, Sam. Sam wears the same attire as his brother not as a twin brother but cool comfort from the heated summer time weather and continues to study the chess board beating his twin brother for the third time today.
Attila smiled, “Ah! That information is useful to the American government.”
Junior states, “The American government can have the information.”
He says, “The American government will send out a pair of diplomates to confirm the information. Then the information will be presented to our American Congressman.”
Junior states, “That’s the upward ladder of American politics.”
Sam still studies the chess pieces, “We have no worries with politics, politicians or political parties., Daddy.”
He smiles and watches the board game, “The American Congressmen will inform the sitting President of the United States.”
Sam speaks, “Information does not lead us into war, Dad.”
Attila smiles, “Your grandfather Attila was a great American hero during the wartime.”
Junior watches the board game, “We know and honor his heroic status memory. But that historical fact was a very long time ago. Grandfather Attila passed into heavenly realm almost thirty years ago.”
He smiles. “War always skips a generation, son.”
Sam looks up and laughs turning to see his father. Junior looks up and gasps in worry seeing his father, wearing a worried brow. “What the hell does that men, Dad?”
He nods with a stern face and grabs the pink-tinted feathered fountain pen from the side of the table, “Our America is a great nation and is becoming the greatest nation on the planet. One day, the U.S.A. will be the greatest nation on the planet, However, on the way, sometimes, peoples or nations become jealous of thy brother’s stuff. My evidential prove, my easy of cumulating masses of money wealth by using my brains, not my brawn.” He points the tip of the pen at his temple winking at Junior.
Sam winks to his father and then turns nodding to his brother, “Dad, he’s trying to tell you that the parable iron-clad sword likes to slice and then dice that feathered pen, the one Trey used to tickle his running nostrils and some of his other private body parts areas, into a pile of wood chips.” Attila frowns and drops the feathered pen down the table surface. Both of his sons laugh.
He presents a stern face, “Okay, smart-asses! My point, the President of the United States is going to tattle to the Secretary of the Treasury. When the Secretary of Treasury starts to monitor the massive U.S. Treasure chest noting the depletion of the U.S. dollars, the Secretary will get nervous and tattle to the President. The President will get worried and tattle to the Congress. The Congress will go crazy and declare war on British Empire.”
Junior gasps in shock, “That can’t never happen again.”
Attila slaps his chest and nods with an anger sneer, “Hell, that happened twice here on American soil affecting every American patriot. The last war, it involved me. This time, the United States of America will draft all eligible male teens and men from the age of 16 years old to 60 years old into another damn war.”
Junior frowns. “That’s me, you and him!”
Sam smiles, “I hear.”
Junior nods, “I understand.”
Sam nods, “What’s your plan, Dad?”
“Dad!” Junior views his brother and then his father, “Dad, he doesn’t have a plan.”
Sam winks at his father, “Of course, Dad’s the smart guy I know that lives on the planet and he has a grandest plan of all saving both his family members and his assets, like our grand Uncle Clement and our greatest Grandfather Attila. That’s why he goes into town spying on all those arrogant plantations owners with their selfish southern belle daughters, that I would never marry, if she was the last ugly girl on the planet. He picks up new information and then conveys it to us watching our reactions. What’s our grandest plan, Dad?”
He exhales with worry. “I’m going to start slowly converting all our U.S. dollars into gold and silver coins. Starting tomorrow, each week, one or all of us are traveling to New York City. Our monies are held there, not here in Mobile. We’ll start slowly converting all of our U.S dollars into a small collection of like items, such like, gold and silver coins into a tiny cloth caches and each one is safely stored in a hidden place only known to you and you and me, not your mother or your wives need to know. Else, the new information could get them killed.”
Junior frowns, “Is that legal?”
Sam laughs and views his brother. “You’re a licensed attorney, too, muffin-boy. Yes, it’s a perfectly legal and brilliantly executable grand plan, Dad.” He views his father.
Junior shakes his blonde tinted curls that dangle over his board collar bones, “We travel to the New York City bank, each week. One or more bankers are going to get suspicious seeing my handsome but duplicate face from my twin brother, every week, for my weekly routine. Should I grow a beard. How do we explain our presence each week at the same bank or with the same banker?”
“The bitch is divorcing me!” Attila laughs with Sam.
Junior screams in shock and views his father waving both of his arms in the air, shaking his body in the nicely padded wooden chair. “What! Does mom really want a divorce from you? I’m not volunteering as your personal attorney, Dad. I’m going to become mom’s attorney. She has devoted years and year and decades and decades of her precious life to you and all of this and that.” He slaps his chest and shakes his lovely head of blonde-tinted shoulder length curls at his father.
Attila turns and frowns at his second born twin son, who is nicknamed Sam, “Is he the dumb one?”
Sam laughs. “You should have started with the second twin, Dad.” Attila chuckles.
Junior sneers and slaps his chest, “Hey, brother of mine! I’m the first born son of the twins beating your ass by two minutes.”
“You should have eaten the first baby like a wicked mama spider,” Sam laughs with his father.
Attila smiles at his first-born son, who is nicknamed Junior. “No. I’m not divorcing your mother. I love her with all of my heart and soul. But I have an acquaintance at the New York Bank where all of our millions of dollars are kept safe and sound from bank robbers. I’ll ask specifically for his personal banking services.”
Sam nods. “That’s that Englishman, who went bankrupted here in Mobile. You purchased all his land and his assets with your generous money offer.”
He nods. “The man was down on his luck and he needed money, not a friend. Almighty God has given me and you and you and us lots of money.”
Junior frowns, “Money is to be shared…”
“….and so is a head of hair lice,” Sam laughs with his father.
Attila nods, “I show up and tell my fabricated lie to my banker friend in New York City.”
Junior frowns, “You’re not supposed to lie, Dad.”
He nods. “You’re not supposed to starve for food, either, son!”
“Touché!” Sam nods with a stern face back to his father.
Junior frowns. “Gold and silver coins come in heavy sacks of hard, not folded U.S. currencies and that’s not an easy asset to hide from a pair of spying eyeballs or an enemy soldier with a loaded gun, Dad.”
Attila turns inside his chair and smiles viewing the long row of glass windows, seeing the back yard of manicured grass. “I’ve always wanted a manicured yard filled with multiple rows of pretty colorful rose bushes featuring those thick nasty thorns that always prick my finger meat spilling my blood proteins while making me loudly curse at the wind.” He laughs with his two sons.



Present day and space and time and place, in the rear bench seat, on a non-moving limousine, Magritte gasped in shock then exclaimed. “What! What! What! What did Attila mean by a row of roses with thorns! Does my manor have rows and rows of colorful rose bushes? I don’t remember. I…I have never ventured into our back yard.” She gasped in alert. “Could the row and rows of rose bushes hold deep down in their roots dirty cloth sacks of uncovered and undiscovered gold and silver coin? Gold is never destroyed; it only ages, like a good French wine. I can become the first female trillionaire, like my man Austin Bartholomew Berrington, the Fourth.”
She gasped then expressed. “Wait! Are the rows and rows of rose bushes presented at Ace’s house, not my mine? I must know right now. I must go there and find out right now. I need to leave right now and go to my house.” She turned and stared at the glass window seeing the bright rays of sunlight and reached out pressing the button on the speaker phone. “Why are we still sitting in the same spot? The rain has stopped. The sky is clear. The window is dry. I wanna go home right now.”
“The city streets are filled with standing rain water like it does from each thunderstorm. The city streets are flooded. I cannot drive my low transport in standing puddles of rain water. The rain water and detergents in the water will stall the powerful engine in my limousine. Then you must walk home, Mrs. Attila.” The chauffer driver cut off the communication link as Magritte hear the sound of static on the speaker box. He smiled and looked down at the tiny screen on his personal mobile telephone while getting paid and ignoring the bitch in the back. She had been a good girl today talking to her mobile telephone, instead of yelling at him. He was going to quit driving Magritte Smith around town. His company can assign the bitch a new car and a new driver for tomorrow’s travels.
In the rear compartment, Magritte stared at the close partition and then frowned with annoyance exhaling with frustration. After her hair and nail appointment, she was dismissing the rude driver and yelling at the hired limousine service. The company will send her another car and driver for her tomorrow morning’s trips into Mobile. She shrugged her shoulder and whispered to the closed partition, “Well, I’m stuck here for another hour watching the walls. Now, I wanna go to my late hair and nail appointments. I feel dirty. I wanna look good for the last meeting with my legal lawyer tomorrow morning. So, I’ll finish my ancestral search, maybe there’s another clue to the location of the hidden sacks of gold and silver coins at Ace’s house. And if I find it, then I must create another creative murder weapon and use it directly on Ace. He won’t suspect me of a thing. Then he’ll be outta of my way towards my life plan to a heavenly paradise,” she laughed with an evil tone and grinned looking down typing on the tiny keyboard on her personal mobile telephone and read silently all the new information.

In the year 1855, throughout the South, during the winter months, all the ponds, lakes, and creek streams freeze solid into a shallow ice sheet. The Smith twin wedded couples produced a second child, a second daughter.
In the year 1856, throughout the Deep South, during the winter months, there was another cold season with all the ponds, lakes, and small creek streams freezing solid into an ice sheet again.
In the year 1857, on April 13th, a heavy snow storm destroys the wheat crops in central Alabama.
In the year 1858, the Deep South received heavy spring showers producing great cotton crops. The Deep South plantations produced cotton bales in total money revenue at $158,000,000. Revenue profits in cotton fibers in $40,000,000 was sent to New England creating cotton clothing.
In the year 1859, the Deep South received another weather season with heavy downpours of springtime rain showers producing a good yield of cotton croplands. The twin Smith families produced a third child, a third daughter.
In the year 1860, the Deep South, the summer months experienced very hot air temperatures. There were 29 southern U.S. States producing a total of 422,704,975 pounds of cotton bales creating a massive revenue amount of $57,285,534. The average cotton price was 13.5 cents-per-pound or the modern day U.S. currency of $3.45 per pound. However, due to the impeding war talk, not all cotton crops were sold to the foreign countries of the world by the United States of America Government.


Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1861…”

Master of his land assets, within the seaport town of Mobile, Attila Samuel Smith, Senior had been wrong about the year of an upcoming war with the enemy and the two opposing forces between the young United States of American government and the ancient British Empire. The concept of vicious inhuman slavery had jolted American peoples taking an opposite side thrusting the families and their country into a civil war.
Attila, since the year 1853, had planned for such a terrible, horrible event. He had stored barrels of dry food for all the animals, thousands of canned foods for the humans, and hundreds of cotton bales for sale to whoever wanted them saving a life or whomever to pay the highest price saving his family members. He worked with his old neighbors creating a scout patrol that roamed each hour from sunrise to moonrise consisting of both younger and older men and women, who could shoot a gun or toss a tomahawk or fire a bow and arrow.
Attila had worked too hard his entire earthly life for a group of arrogant cotton plantation owners to tear up both his lands and his peoples. He moved all his family members into his son’s new house. The house was larger than his and held numerous hidden secret passageways with tub of stored food items, sacks of gold coins, tubs of loaded weapons and would save lives, if need be.
In the month of January, on the 30th of the day, of a cool afternoon with rays of warm, bright sunlight, to his surprise, a Confederate messenger knocks on Attila’s front door providing three notices of personal attendance at his local bank. Attila and his two sons are invited for a business meeting. In these days, a wife is not part of the business transactions and her married name is not on listed on the single bank account, even though Attila had tried and then failed.
In the month of February, on the first day, of a cool morning, with gray-covered clouds, at 07:00 am, Attila and his two sons saddle a steed and ride into the town for an intriguing bank business meeting appearing in front of their personal bank, The Bank of Mobile. They enter the building among other happy bank customers sliding sideways standing against the entrance wall near the center doors, for an escape plan, while both watching and waiting for the action.
In front of the row of caged bank clerks, a tall, handsome man stands wearing a new gray-tinted Confederate military uniform without his military hat and weapons. He nods with a slight smile to each male entering the large lobby.
The bank building holds a large lobby section lined with comfortable long sofas, side tables with trays of refreshment for the cotton plantation owners, who visit frequently counting their millions of dollars. The four walls are lined in dark walnut wood with a row of large square-shaped office rooms for the bank customers socializing with the bankers. The front wall holds a cage wall where all the bank tellers in an official black and white striped, long-sleeved dress shirt with a set of tossed back waist cuffs, so the hands and waist bones do not interfere counting all the dollars and heavy coins. And they wear a pair of clear glasses protecting the eyeballs from flying coins sitting perched like a bird on top of the padded stool and wait on a bank customer. Today, the appearance of bank tellers is usual. They sit behind the cage and smile at each familiar bank customer.
When the large room becomes overcrowded and smelly with personal bad body odor and each smiling male is sitting or standing with a cold beverage, the Confederate officer motions for the doors to be closed, not bolted. Sam Smith slides sideways and closes the door without sound standing guard while watching the Confederate officer closely.
The military officer stands in average height and weight possessing a flaming head of red hair, a bearded face, a pair of green eyes, and a tone of bronze skin. He clears his throat and tosses his cupped hand near his jawline, “Good morning to all! I am Captain Higgins Vines, but you know me.” The crowd loudly chuckled. He smiles, “I bring good news. The Confederacy has formed a new government. Andrew Jackson is the newly elected President of the Confederacy and resides here within the great State of Alabama, in the city of Montgomery. And like all new governments, we need monies. The Confederate Government has created its own monies. We call them graybacks, not greenbacks, which is distinguished from the United States government bills. After the war, all the ceded Southern States in the new Confederate Government will service each new Confederate citizen in liberty and justice for all. Right now, we need funds to pay for uniforms, foodstuffs, warships, and guns for the upcoming battles which will last no longer than the early summertime days. Once we got the Yanks running back home to mama, we’ll win and have no use for the northern towns and cities.
A plantation owner yells, sitting in a ratty chair on top of the semi-clean the floor, to the Confederate military officer, “What about my cotton bales? They’re need to importation to New England today.”
The officer smiles, “The government will negotiate and establish new export and import trades throughout the world, not just in the U.S northern cities. Now, back to the funding! Here in Alabama, we represent the heart of the confederacy government, since the capital is located here. President Andrew Jackson is collecting one million U.S. greenback dollars funding our military needs until this silly war ends. I hold a new package of freshly printed grayback Confederate dollars. I hope the new ink doesn’t stain my new uniform,” he chuckles with his friends.
He smiles, “President Andrew Jackson is asking each Confederate citizen to exchange his U.S. greenback dollars for Confederate graybacks. The dollar denominations come in 50 dollar, 100 dollar, 500 dollar and 1,000 dollar bills. The amount of the currency exchange resides with the Confederate citizen. This ends my speech. I will announce against the State of Alabama is prepared to issue one million dollars of Confederate dollars today and for the rest of the week. Please come up and offer your U.S. greenback dollars for Confederate grayback dollars. The bank tellers are here and available to you pulling monies from your personal bank account for the exchange,” he sidesteps and stands against the wall beside a smiling banker.
Some of the bank customers continue to sit and mumble among each other. The other customers slowly stand and press down their tailor-made, three-piece business suit strolling to the caged window encountering a bank teller, withdrawing his personal monies funds for the noble cause of war and then victory of the Confederate.
Attila stands against the rear wall between his two twin sons exhaling with frustration. He had planned for some type of money robbery during the war battles, not a money shortage. If the newly formed working southern Confederate government leaders keep exchanging the standard currency of United States dollar bills for packs of gray tinted paper, without the backing of gold coins or silver coins or cotton bales or another agriculture product, that cannot be sold to another buyer or another foreign country, then the funding streams will not only dry up but collapse the new currency system. But he is a Mobilian, an American son, and a southern Alabama gentleman. He leans over and whispers into Junior’s face offering new instructions. Junior struts ahead and stands in one of the six long lines. He communicates with his second son.
Sam moves head and stands in a different long line of bank customers. Attila follows behind the back spine on youngest twin son and then stands in the opposite line. At the teller window, Attila requests 10,000 U.S. dollars withdrawn from his personal bank account. The teller does not waste time or even speaks only quickly counts out the vocal request from the bank customer providing a stack of ten bills with a 1,000 dollar domination. Attila accepts the small stack of monies exhaling with frustration. This is his money. He started earning at the age of fifteen years old in the tiny seaport of Darien, within the U.S. State of Georgia. He had always been conservatively careful with all his earned and inherited monies spending lavishly on his family members and his additional daughters-in-law, whom he loved and protected very much. However, he is a business man also currently growing and then harvesting cotton bolls for additional income also. But this exchange deal is not a business transaction but an empty promise to pay the money bearer a set of fixed money interest for borrowing his earned income. His gut does not like the concept and his intuition is nervous about the Confederate Army, the upcoming war and the money exchange program. He had personal viewed the evil deeds from the British soldiers. The British Crown and government wanted to take over and rule the United States of America, his homeland and his country.
Now, his homeland and his country are separated by the ugly, nasty concept of slavery. However, he’s an enterprising business man too. You can’t make money, if your business overhead is too high. The employment of slaves as personal property without payment monies produces a very low overhead cost in the cotton production process. Thus, the cotton plantation owner rolls in rows of cotton bales that profit in rolls of U.S. dollars.
Inside the bank building, Attila slowly back steps from the teller window and recounts the monies spinning around, slowly advancing to the Confederate officer and the stops, offering his wad of cash without a vocal comment but with a fake smile of worry. The officer utilizes the banker as his new money treasurer. The banker smiles and counts out 10,000 Confederate graybacks handing a new wad of new cash to Attila.
Attila accepts and then stores the new cash down into his newly purchased pair of men’s trousers utilizing the new pocket concept. He chuckles with amusement and spins around recalling the introduction of the pocket slit on a new pair of trousers. It took him ten years before purchasing a new pair of trousers with the pocket slit. Now, his new trousers pocket holds nothing but fake monies that will finance a fancy war of arrogant and greedy men, who want power, not peace. He exits the building walking to his horse. His two sons are saddled waiting on their father. He slips up and down on top of his steed slowly walking between his twin sons back home while they discuss the new situation, coming up with a new solution for the impeding war in the United States of America.
In the month of March, on the first day of a cold morning, the loud knock sounds on the front door wood. A freshly dressed, gray-tinted uniform on the Confederate Army official is spotless and presents two paper draft notices for each son joining the local militia force located in Mobile, Alabama. Attila, his wife, and his daughters-in-laws are very relieved. Junior and Sam will join the Confederate Army but will be stationed at their residential house, not in a Confederate camp site as the Port of Mobile must stay open and fluid winning the short war and securing the victory for all the ceded southern States of the Confederacy. Then a united Confederacy will negotiate with the world countries for import and export rights.
Before the start of the First American Civil War, the coastal town of Mobile is the fourth largest city, within the Deep South region, and the home all to shipbuilding companies. Also, the Port of Mobile is the second largest seaport compared to Savannah, within the Deep South, shipping all types of supply items, specifically both foodstuffs and weapons to the Confederate Army through the two secretive routes within the two land-locked rebel towns of Salem and Montgomery, Alabama.
On the outskirts of the Mobile city limits, within the quiet community of Spring Hill, inside the Smith manor, on the dirt road of Ansley Lane, the Smith children have grown from babies into young children marking the ages as eight years old Martha; six years old Mary, and two years old Lucy. They are the three children of Attila Samuel Smith, Junior.
The other two Smith daughters are eight years old Gretta and six years old Dorothy; the two children of Attila Samuel Smith, the third.

Magritte gasped in shock, “What! There’s still no male heir nor male southern prince or a tiny male infant named Attila Samuel Smith with the next Roman numeral. So, one of the Smith daughters carries the rest of Ace’s blood line. But that doesn’t make any sense inside my smarter neurons. Ace’s sur-name is Smith, not another sur-name. I do know my Mobilian history.” She smiled and then gasped in alarm. “I’m so right! Ace is an adopted baby by his dead and buried grandfather. I mean, the entire town of Mobile learned later this year that Gem is the true biological daughter of Ace, not dead and buried Senator Adam Samuel “Flash Smith. Yes, his adoption secret would explain all of Ace’s strange, rude, ill-bred behavior patterns. He is not listed as a benefactor in Attila’s Last Will and Testimony papers as Ace is not a true blood relation of Henry Samuel Smyth, Junior who was birthed in the country of England in ancient year of 1525.”

In the year 1861, the Civil War Between the States commences starting on April 12th.
Attila was not worried about monies or foodstuffs for his family members and his neighbors either. He had converted his personal worth of 25,000,000 U.S dollars with the aid of his two twin sons into thousands of tiny cloth sacks holding millions gold and silver coins that were all buried below an individual rose bush with stems of nasty sharp thorns, keeping three million dollars in his personal bank account, including his two sons. He had also communicated his new plan of surviving an uncivil war to his neighbors.
Over the years, Attila and his wife or his sons and their wives had traveled and visited different New York banks working with his neighbors also while converting their U.S. dollars into tiny cloth sacks of gold and silver coins, where his neighbors also buried the precious metal down into the soil too underneath rows of rose bushes.
Attila has taken a big risk that a band of nasty and mean Yankee soldiers do not invade and then capture the town of Mobile starting a rampage on both the buildings and the peoples. His two houses are seven miles away from the Port of Mobile. The seaport is very active both night and day loading and unloading ship holds consisting of cotton bales, food supplies, weapons, clothing, and medicines. The military and civilian supplies are carried by a fleet of smaller boats through internal river waterways in Alabama or by numerous stage coach directly to the Confederate cities of Selma and Montgomery and then the secret supply lines become activated and start to distribute the goods throughout the Old South.
If the Union army attacks and then captures the Port of Mobile, both the soldiers and warships will block and then collapse all the export and import trades with the city of Mobile, the State of Alabama, the cities within the Old South and the new Confederate Government. However, a single band of stray or runaway or devoted Yankee soldiers can accidentally patrol around the growing Spring Hill community and discover Attila’s two houses. But Attila, his wife, and his two sons and two daughters-in-law are watching, waiting, and readying for their anticipated unwelcomed visit while presenting a cold, maybe heated barrel on their gun.
Every morning, since the beginning of the war, either Attila or one of his sons visited the coffee shop on Royal Street while overhearing the latest news of the war efforts and the more importantly sales of the cotton trade.
In the month of May, the ruler for the British Empire becomes a neutral party in the First American Civil War but continues to send their English merchant ships and then also purchases cotton bales throughout all American southern seaports.
In the month of June, the Confederate Government decides to place an embargo or stoppage on all exporting cotton bales.
In the month of July, a surprise knock at the front door. Attila appears at the open archway holding a loaded gun, sneering at the strange. He is surrounded by his twin sons, who hold a loaded gun at the stranger too. The women hide inside the back bedroom for safety along with their children. The women hold a loaded gun too.
The strange wears a mask without a hat holding both of his empty palms hear his mask and speaks with a southern accent. “Hello kind sir! I am an illegal but highly paid Blockade Runner with my own fastest Blockade Runner sea vessel. I offer monies for cotton bales. I buy the cotton bales and give you the U.S. greenbacks, not Confederate horse piles. Then I run my new merchandise to the northern Yankee cities for a higher profit that goes into my trousers pocket, not yours. Do you wanna stay or play?”
Attila thumbs back over his collar bone and says with a smile, “You are welcome to come…”
“No! I play or leave. You draw, sir!”
Sam nods with a smile to the Blockade Runner, “We play! Where do you want the filled wagons of cotton bales delivered, sir?
The stranger turns and nods to Sam, “I will return with a wagon and a team of draft horses. You point us in the direction of the cotton bales. I will inspect your product for quality and then award you a very high wad of greenbacks, not graybacks. I will come back tomorrow evening as I sleep during the daylight hours,” he laughs with a rough voice.
Sam nods, “You come here. The next house down on this lane belongs to us, but it’s empty with residents and wares as we still own and guard our assets. You can come here for all of our business transactions. One of us will guide you to the rear storage barns with rows of stored cotton bales.” The stranger nods in silence then spins around leaving the homestead saddling a single horse and rides down the dirt road.
Junior gasps in shock and stares at the stranger ensuring the man leaves their land property. “What in God’s green country are you doing, brother?” He steps onto the front porch and continues to survey the thicket of woodlands, the dirt road, and the rest of the property landscape.
Sam stomps outside and stands on the same porch with his father. “I’m making additional U.S. government monies for us while the slimy and sorry Confederate Government continues to steal our monies. We, along with our neighbors, have stored up rows and rows of cotton bales that will become massively worthless products, when the summer heat hits all the un-air-conditioned horse barns. We usually unload the bales right away, after spinning the fibers from the cotton gins. Now, the spun fibers are ready, and the cotton bales are ready for transport somewhere. However, all the Yankee warships have blocked all the southern seaports including our home port of Mobile. I learned about that man and his illegal activities last week, but I didn’t think about that man coming so far here visiting our homestead. We stand seven long, dusty, dirty miles from the seaport, but he’s a native of Mobile and knows all the city streets plus the nasty dirt roads. That man is one of few new breeds, a Blockade Runner, for profit, not peace. We take what he gives us in the form of greenbacks. Then he comes back for more. We continue to plant and grow cotton bolls and then spin them, giving him our cotton business, until this stupid war is done.” He continues to hold the gun and surveys his property with his brother and father. “Anyways, if that man or another man or a gang of men come here and try to steal our assets, they’ll end of death, buried in the cow pasture, without a marker and a prayer. Then Almighty Father can handle them from there. Amen!” He laughs with his brother and father scouting around the front yard. The yard needs to be cut down again from the abundance rains and sunlight.
In the month of December, one Confederate dollar equals 0.90 cents of a single gold coin.
In the year 1862, in the month of January, a vivid scene of rows of brown tinted linen coverings with white tinted fibers show 500,00 cotton bales sitting and rotting on the top of the humid seaport wooden docks in the city of Liverpool, within the country of England. The humidity temperatures will destroy the cotton fibers making the product useless for any type of production method in all the manufacturing textile factories.
In the month of May, the Confederate Government system purchases 500,000 cotton bales around the Deep South from the complaining, anger cotton plantation owners who are losing monies, paying for inflated goods, and exchanging their valuable U.S. greenback dollars for additional worthless Confederate grayback dollars while financing the Confederate Army. The cotton bales end up in the northern cities for textile production for the Yankee army, not a single Confederate soldier.
In the month of June, the blockade of the southern merchant ships has successful ended the imports and exports of all cotton bales, halted the production of manufacturing textile mills for new clothes in the northern cities, and caused millions of lost jobs and businesses in the northern cities. So, the Union military leaders decide to purchase all the stored cotton bales from each individual cotton plantation owners throughout the Old South while paying a high price in the format of sacks of gold coins or U.S. greenback dollars. That clever and swift economic move jolts life back into the cotton industry.
Attila and his family members and his friends work much harder, even before the civil war, planting, growing, and harvesting cotton bolls and additional food items for a high profit from the Union agents that live on the seaport docks. However, paying the individual planters with either gold coins or greenbacks benefits the Union army, the USA, and the planters, not the Confederate Government.
In the month of November, rows of 120,000 bales of import American cotton lands on the seaport docks in Liverpool, England.
In the month of December, one Confederate dollar equals the value of 36 cents from a single gold coin.
In the new American year of 1863, in the month of October, the devaluation of the Confederate dollar is so bad that President Andrew Jackson asks all retail and warehouse vendors and shop owners to reduce the price of all goods and services, so the southern people can buy foodstuffs.
In the month of December, one Confederate dollar equals six cents of a single gold coin. 
In the year 1864, in the month of January, the cost of a bushel of corn is 7.00 Confederate dollars; calico colored fabric is priced at 10.00 Confederate dollars per yard. A cake of salt is priced at 100.00 Confederate dollars; a box of sewing pins is 6.00 Confederate dollars and clothing fabric thread is 40.00 in Confederate dollars.
In the month of February, the Union leadership grants and opens up the southern railroad system in the State of Mississippi trade routes into the northern cities providing essential food supplies to the southern people while buying back hordes of stored cotton bales as payment.
In the month of September, one Confederate grayback dollar is equal to three cents of a U.S. greenback dollar.
In the month of October, a small community of freed slaves in the U.S. State of Mississippi plant cotton seeds on 1,000 acres of fertile land, then grow the rows of healthy stalks, and finally harvest 130 rolled bales of cotton fibers, after paying all the farm bills, the planters clear a money profit of 2,500.00 U.S. dollars or the modern day profit of $80,000.
Attila and his friends plant seeds on 5,000 acres of land growing and harvesting cotton bales selling to the Union army at 0.80 cents per pound. One cotton bale weighs up towards 500 pounds, when it’s wrapped in the brown tinted linen covering plus wires. So, Attila’s family members and his set of friends can produce 750 cotton bales off 5,000 acres of land and sell each cotton bale at 0.80 cents per pound for a total of 375,000 pounds. They earn cotton revenues of $300,000 greenbacks or equal to the modern day value of $9,600,000.
On November 16th, the price of one pound of coffee is 7.00 Confederate dollars and a box of colorful indigo dye for homemade clothing is 20.00 in Confederate dollars.
In the month of December, the value of one Confederate dollar has decreased in worth that the purchase price of a raw turkey is 155.00 Confederate dollars and 300.00 Confederate dollars for a raw ham for the upcoming tradition Christmas dinner. A cake of wash soap for the dirty human body is 50.00 Confederate dollars. A new business suit is 2,700.00 Confederate dollars. However, the surviving older southern gentlemen and the southern belles do not possess enough Confederate dollars to purchase these specific luxury items either.


Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1865…”

On January 28th, the Union battle ship named Octorana docks in Mobile Bay and attacks all the Confederate sea vessels successful blocking both military aid and foreign supplies to the Confederate Army. Then both all the Confederate military seaport vessels and the cowardly Confederate soldiers flee far…

“…far away from Mobile.” Magritte sung off-key musically and then laughed out loud spitting out her sour mouth spit in the air. The mouth spit swiftly drifted down hitting the clean carpet on the floor board of the rental limousine.

In the cold month of February, rows of stored cotton bales are exchanged for boxes of warm blankets and leather boots by the cotton plantation owners to the Union agents.
From the dates of March 26th to April 9th, the city of Mobile starts falling down on its knees and then finally bows down to the Union forces on April 12th, the end of the Civil War Between the States.
The city of Mobile and her southern gentlemen and belles do not encounter the terrible physical, economic, mental, and spiritual damages, like the other southern cities and towns throughout the Deep South. Mobile is the last Confederate outpost captured by the Union soldiers, on April 12th, in the year 1865.
Throughout the Deep South, heavy rains and flood water brought high waters to all the creeks, ponds, lakes, and rivers in the months of April and May.

Magritte gasped in shock, “Wait! Wait! The Civil War Between the States ended on the date of April 9th, which was four days earlier than the Mobilian battle encounter. Why’s that? I don’t have time to research, so that’s fine and dandy, ya’ll! But where are the Smith twins? Are they dead from the warfare in another place throughout the land?”

Attila Samuel Smith, Junior and his younger twin brother Attila Samuel Smith, the third joined the Confederate Army, at the age of 50 years old. In the year 1865, the twin siblings are sent to guard the fortress named Fort Spanish during the Civil War battling the Yankee soldiers with a set of legalize words using their School of Law Cumberland L.L.B Degree.

She laughed. “And the twin siblings didn’t ride into the battle sunset either. Fort Spanish is a hot spot within the Civil War. What’s this place?”

The fort houses 2,500 soldiers and then is attacked by 30,000 Yankee soldiers, from the dates of March 28th to April 8th, where 650 Union soldiers are killed, and 744 Confederates die, and the rest of the Confederate soldiers escape from harm or capture or dead.

She gasped in shock, “What! Huh! Ace’s great, great, great, great grandfather was not captured or tortured or killed. I guess not, else hard-ass Ace won’t be here today alive and well and breathing, if his direct line of blood-relatives had died in the Civil War.

During the Yankee invasion, all the surviving Confederate soldiers fled the fort.

She laughed. “They’re not men, only moles. The twin siblings were stationed there, too, playing cards, smoking cigars, and drinking alcohol with their childhood friends and then fled the hostile scene too going back to mama.” She laughed. “Some American heroes there. Not! I wish I could tattle to Ace that his blood relatives were a pair of chicken shits. I must be why Ace has a chip on his shoulder.”

After the capture of Fort Spanish, the Union army marched to the next southern target.
The Battle of Blakely occurred starting on April 2nd to the 9th, six miles away from the present day town of Spanish Fort, within the great State of Alabama. The battlefield contained 4,000 Confederate rebels living inside Fort Blakeley. Of course, the battle action is always the name of the place. The Confederate fort held 45,000 Union soldiers outside the structure covering and sleeping and pissing on the lovely grassy fort grounds. The battle fight ended with 629 dead Confederate soldiers, 650 wounded men, and 2,900 Union soldiers died in an individually loud violence and then a permanent peaceful slumber into heaven.
With the defeat of the two forts in Mobile and the evacuation of the Mobile Army, the city was easily captured and then occupation.
The Battle of Blakeley was the final conflict of the Civil War. At the same time men were dying for stupid reasons, Union General Ulysses Grant had already defeated Confederate General Robert E. Lee. That name just has a sweet musical song to it! General Lee was defeated in the city of Appomattox, within the U.S. State of Virginia.
With the defeat of the two forts in Mobile and the evacuation of the Mobile Army, the city was easily captured and then occupation, thus, the end of the Civil War Between the States.
Magritte whispered with a soft sour tone, “Yeah, my American-born but French-blooded great grandfather loss all his inherited Mobilian crop and farm lands and all his money wealth, based on the unsupported and fallen silly Confederacy dollar concept. But my American-born, French-blooded great grandmother stole all the Mobilian farmlands plus the antebellum house from her dead father cutting out her three younger biological sisters from the house, the farm lands, and all the cotton crops, unlike my heroine Scarlett Katie O’Hare Hamilton Kennedy Butler.”
At the end of the civil war, in the month of May, the business tally recorded 900,000 cotton bales exported from all the southern seaports and then imported into the two northern cities of Boston, Massachusetts and New York City.
A set of 400,000 cotton bales came through enemy lines into the northern cities by the Union soldiers or the Blockade Runners.
A set of 350,000 cotton bales had been captured by the Union forces coming from the blocked and seized southern seaports including Savannah, Georgia, Memphis, Tennessee, Darien, Georgia with the coastal sea islands, and New Orleans, Louisiana.
A set of 300,000 cotton bales had been shipped to the country of England, compliments of the Blockade Runners.
In the year 1865, the American Civil War Between the States ends after four long, raw, bloody, painful suffering years on April 26th, where 850,000 males have died.
After the announcement of the end of the First American Civil War, in his kitchen setting, Attila drops the glass of juice and then slowly kneels folding his hands, bowing in his head and prays in thanks to Almighty God, Brother Christ Jesus, the Holy Spirit, and all his heavenly angels for saving the precious lives of his family members, his neighbors, and his countrymen and women from a total property and land destruction. He took a big chance with his family members and his monies. but it all paid in the end for his family and friends. However, both the southern families and the southern and northern banks holding all the worthless Confederate graybacks loss massive amounts of exchanged U.S. dollars bankrupting both the cotton and tobacco industries, eventually collapsing the Old South region into poverty, starvation, diseases, and a final death day.


Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1866…”

A son is born on March 21st and named as Attila Samuel Smith, the fourth.

She smiled, “There is he! Mr. America! What! His biological father is 51 years old, an old man. His wife Ellee is 35 years old, in her middle-ages, an old woman.”  She hummed the old theme song to the Miss American Beauty Pageant. “And his grandfather, the one who was nicknamed Ass, became Cotton Factor Master Smith and then a freaking multi-millionaire during his teenage years and retired at the age of 35 years old in the city of Darien. Well, I like knowing more than the average southern belle. Is there a slight or great possibility that another famous newborn is birthed in the same year as you are, little baby boy newborn Attila?” She typed on the tiny keyboard screen and scanned the information laughing out loud. “Yes, there is another newborn, who was birthed in the same year of 1866, in the month of March 21st. Well, well, hell, belle! I’m shocked and stunned again. Well, there is another human born on the same day, in the same month, in the same year as Attila Samuel Smith, the fourth. So, he ain’t a unique baby or human! But I’ll wait and hold my final judgement, until the end of Attila’s life and then see what surprises he had pulled during his life force here on Planet Earth and then finally compare it to Master James Harbord later.”
In the year 1867, throughout the Deep South, the springtime months brought heavy rains and floods increasing the waters in the ponds, lakes, rivers, and creeks.
In the year 1868, the cotton caterpillars invaded and damaged the cotton crops.
In the year 1869, the twin siblings are 53 years old. 
The first born child of Attila Samuel Smith is 18 years old and named Martha; his second daughter is 16 years old and named Mary, and his third daughter is 12 years old and her name is Lucy.
The first born child of Attila Samuel Smith, the third is also 18 years old and her name is Gretta; his second child is 16 years old and named Dorothy.

Magritte hissed with annoyance and then frowned with a sour timber. “I can’t believe it! The entire Smith clan survived without death but with money from the First American Civil War. Attila is a very smart man. So, now, each first born child goes off, not very far, to Spring Hill College, where their fathers had graduated thirty years before. The female children all attended Spring Hill College, like their fathers and then marry into wealthy Mobilian family. Blob! Blob! Blob! That’s the same old fairy tale for a southern belle. She is born and raised, not like a plantation pig, becomes educated, inherits money and lands from her parents and then finally marries a nice guy without using her college degree for the betterment of society, like me.” She giggled and flipped through the electronic pages on her mobile telephone. “I see the names of the girls and their married spouses and their children, who lived in or around the Mobile city limits. The two licensed Alabama lawyers become involved in the Mobile Bar Association.”
The Mobile Bar Association was founded in the year 1869.
In the year 1870, the youngest child named Attila Samuel Smith, the fourth, is three years old.
In the year 1871, cotton caterpillars invaded the cotton crops damaging the cotton bolls. The Mobile Cotton Exchange is founded.
In the year 1872, Mobile Carnival Association is founded.


Present day and space and place and time, at 01:14 p.m., the flowing flood waters on top of each low-lying city street had drained down into the city’s sewer channels clearing the pavement for movement with a man-made machine. Then the rental limousine started its powerful engine then veered into the busy traffic rolling down the smooth pavement. The body of Magritte swayed sideways then upright viewing the side glass window. The landscape was changing very quickly. The sky was painted in blue hue. The clouds were white and fluffy. The sun was brightly shine and heated drying the natural landscape. And the roadway lanes of traffic were moving very swiftly also.
She bounced her queen-sized body up and down on top of the soft leather and giggled with delight, “I’m moving! My limo is moving. I made the right decision not returning back home. Finally, I’m heading to the hair salon and attending my hair and nail appointment in the early afternoon. I must finish up my research of the ancient bloodlines of Ace’s next set of generational grandfathers, before reaching the hotel building. I’m so close to finding the truth. Nothing but the truth, Your Honor,” she laughed with an evil laugh and looked down starting to read in silence the new information.

In the year 1874, on November 22nd, at 06:01 p.m., a total of eight tornadoes stared destroying property in Colbert County, which lies 330 miles northwest from the modern city of Mobile, near the Mississippi borderline rolling into Shelby County at 11:59 p.m., which lies 236 miles due north of Mobile.
Later the winter season produced a mild winter with the first frost on December 8th.
In the year 1875, another season with a mile winter that produced the first frost in the month of December. In the same year, a business necktie sells for 10 cents.
A pair of blue jeans sell for $13.50.
A pair of leather shoes sell for 98 cents.
A business suit sells for $10.00.
One pound of coffee costs 25 cents.
One American dollars is valued at the modern day U.S. currency of $20.20.
In the year 1876, on the date of March 19th, a snow storm fell in western section of Alabama. On December 30th, a heavy snow storm fell in the same region.
In the year 1877, on January 1st, in the city of Columbus, within the U.S. State of Mississippi, located on the northeastern corner of Alabama and 222 miles away from southern Mobile, the air temperature recorded zero degrees Fahrenheit. The Bigbee River waters froze solid not allowing the passage of merchant ships.
In the year 1880, teenager Attila Samuel Smith, the fourth is 13 years old.
In the year 1881, the month of March brought high rains and high floods creating high rivers. Then a rain drought in the months of June, July, and August yielded average cotton crops throughout the Deep South.
In Calhoun County in the city of Anniston, which is 280 miles northeast of Mobile, the recorded heated air temperature was 102 degrees Fahrenheit in the month of July and 101 degrees Fahrenheit in the month of August.
In the year 1883, beginning in the summer months of June, July, August and then through the autumn months of September, October and November, rain droughts affected the Deep South. The private underground fresh water wells dried up. Citizens became sick from an outbreak of malaria disease by flying mosquitoes.
In the year 1884, on February 19th, a total of ten tornadoes rushed across two Alabama counties, Talladega County, which lies 253 miles northeast of the city of Mobile and Calhoun County, which lies 280 miles northeast of Mobile, killing seven (7) people.
On March 15th, a total of eight tornadoes destroy land property across two Alabama counties, Cherokee County, which is 339 miles northwest of Mobile, near the Mississippi borderless and Jefferson County, which lies 257 miles north of the city of Mobile, killing five (5) citizens.
The summer months of June, July, August were wet and rainy. The autumn months of September, October, and November were dry months producing poor cotton crops. Then the winter months of December 1884 leading into the new year of 1885 January and February were cold air temperatures.
In the year 1885, during the springtime months of March and April, when the air temperatures were changing from wintertime into warmer weather pattern, numerous tornadoes slammed across the landscape within the State of Alabama. The summertime months of June, July, and August were wet and rainy producing average cotton crop yields.
In the new year 1886, on the date of January 8th, the city of Mobile recorded 8 (eight) degrees Fahrenheit and at the age of 88 years old, Attila Samuel Smith, Senior passed away with his family members at his bedside from natural causes. 



Six feet and zero inches tall. Slender body frame. Blonde-haired. Blue-eyed. Coffee-tinted skin.

Attila Samuel Smith.

Born in the year 1798, in the month of May, on the 15th day, on Sea Island, within the U.S. State of Georgia to a cow farmer and an American war hero Adam Samuel Smith, Junior and Native American Creek Indian squaw Suzanne Sunshine Smith. He was named as the first Smith clan member with the significant proper name of Attila.

Worked in the year 1808, at the age of ten years, as a cow farmer.

War of 1812 began in the month of June. He was 14 years old and not a battle solider but a cow farmer on Sea Island.

Married in the year 1813, at the age of 15 years old, in the month of February, on the 14th day, his sweetheart girl Everleigh Maybelle Cordell.

On June 12th, eight British vicious sailors in a row boat washed onto the sandy benches and then attacked killing all Adam’s blood-related family members. Him, his mother, and his wife discovered and then killed the murderous eight British sailors.

On June 13th, Sunday morning, he helped bury all his blood relatives in several shared deep, dark, dirt holes located in the middle of a cow pasture and then marked with a grave stone reading: Yellow Fever Victim.

On July 8th, he witnessed his father selling Sea Island to an unknown but hard working sea captain and his family members.

On July 18th, he and his family members permanently left his native Sea Island home moving to the seaport of Darien, within the U.S. State of Georgia.

In the month of November, he became employed as a cotton factor earning $83,000.

In the year 1815, in the month of April, on the 11th day, at the age of 17 years old, he produced twin sons, named Attila Samuel Smith, Junior and Attila Samuel Smith, III.

In the year 1833, in the month of February, at the age of 35 years old, he watched his twin sons graduate from a proper high school environment, at home, with a proper high school diploma, the first action for a Smith family member. In the month of March, he retired from the Darien Cotton Exchange Company with a modern day U.S. bank account of $25,000,000 and attended the last days with his sick father.

On September 4th, he buried his father Adam “Attila” Samuel Smith, on the Sea Island property in peace and then left the U.S. State of Georgia, moving to the seaport town of Mobile, within the U.S. State of Alabama.

In the month of September, among the countryside of Mobile, Alabama, he purchased a new residential manor with 7,000 acres of crop fields, cow pastures, horse barns, and thick woodlands, and a small free-floating creek branch of fresh water from a bankrupted Englishman and then renamed his new place Ansley Lane in honor of his 13th Generation English great grandmother.

In the month of November, his watched his twin sons enroll as the first Smith member into a post-institution university setting.

In the year 1838, his watched his twin sons graduate with a college degree, the first college educated Smith family member.

In the year 1839, his watched his twin sons chase after a southern belle. They moved away from the seaport of Mobile to the small cotton town of Marion, Alabama.

In the year 1842, he learned his twin sons enrolled in a second college environment with a military background.

In the year 1848, he learned his twin sons graduated from a second college university with a second college degree.

In the year 1849, he learned his twin sons enrolled in law school, another first for the Smith clan.

In the year 1851, in the month of December, he learned that his twin sons had graduated with a law degree from Cumberland School of Law, in the city of Lebanon, U.S. State of Tennessee. He met and greeted his twin sons and their twin fiancés.

In the year 1852, on the coldest day in the month of January, his twin sons married. In the month of August, he was a first-time grandparent with two granddaughters.

In the year 1861, the Civil War Between the States started.

In the year 1865, at the age of 67 years old, he watched his twin sons go off to fight in the First American Civil War. He watched his twin sons survived by fleeing the battle fight, saving their lives, and amusing their father, too boot.

In the year 1866, at the age of 68 years, he witnessed the birth of his only grandson, Attila Samuel Smith, the fourth. The baby was birthed on March 21st possessing a head of blonde-hair, a pair of blue eyes, and a tone of olive tinted skin tone.

In the year 1882, at the age of 84 years old, on December 15th, he buried his wife, 85 years old Everleigh Maybelle Cordell Smith. They had lived together for 67 long, happy years of blissful marriage. She was interned in a proper Mobile cemetery, not a Native American Indian mound.

Two weeks later, in the new year of 1883, at the age of 84 years old, on the first and the coldest day of the new year, his heart stopped. He was buried as the first Smith family member inside a proper city cemetery, not a sea island dirt hole and happily resided beside his wife Everleigh Maybelle Cordall Smith.


For the rest of the year 1886, the spring months of March and April brought heavy rains and floods creating high waters in rivers and ponds. On the date ranges of December 3rd to 5th, snow storms invaded the modern day U.S. State of Alabama. In the region of southern Alabama, within the city of Brewton, 80 miles slightly northeast of Mobile, twelve (12) inches of snowflakes covered the ground. In northern Alabama, in the modern day city of Huntsville, 320 miles due north of Mobile, 20 inches of snowflakes fell on the soil.
In the year 1888, at the age of 21 years, Attila Samuel Smith, the fourth joins the United States Revenue Cutter Service.


Present day, space, place, and time, inside the rolling limousine, in the rear bench seat, Magritte gasped in shock then exclaimed, “What! Where! Who! The son of Sam didn’t attend Spring Hill College or Samford University or one of the other private or public Alabama universities. I guess he couldn’t take the cold weather in Mobile,” she laughed and then frowned. “What in the heck is the United States Revenue Cutter Service? I don’t know either. That’s a new organization within my neurons.” She typed on the tiny keyboard finding the new information.
The United States Revenue Cutter Service was renamed the United States Coast Guard Military branch.

She frowned. “O boy! O joy! Do I know the importance of that place and that time for the past three weeks? My recently deceased second husband Samuel Attila Smith, Junior was a military officer within the United States Coast Guard military branch. He talked all the time about his time on a Coast Guard ship. He was going senile. However, I do believe that I have solved his mental problem, to boot,” she loudly laughed with her evil deed and then frowned. “He’s only 22 years old. He’s a rich spoiled brat. Both his daddy and his granddaddy are rich, rich, rich, in the year 1888. But, yet, he bypasses up an easy life of giggling freshmen college girls and silly college art classes, unlike his lazy Smith father. How! How! Yeah, I get it now! This is the true reason all the future Smith males entering the United States Coast Guard services including Ace. That’s a common theme among Ace’s male kinfolks starting right there and right now. I know it all!”

In the year 1889 and 1890, the Deep South received a mild winter.

American History moment: Between the year 1860 to 1890, the American population grew from 31,500,000 to 76,000,000.
A firefighter was paid $1.60 per day.
A glassblower was paid $4.64 per day.
An American worker worked an average of 60 hours per week.

In the year 1891, the Deep South, the months of January, February, and March brought rain storms. The months of April and May were dry months. Rain invaded the summer months of July and August producing good cotton crops. The Deep South reached 9,000,000 cotton bales. The State of Alabama produced 1,000,000 cotton bales.
In the year 1892, the month of August brought rain showers making the corn crops good but the cotton crops short.
In the year 1893, In the spring months of April and May, rain came and created short cotton crops.
In the year 1894, the air temperature of 0 degrees Fahrenheit was recorded on January 1st and February 15th, along with snowflakes and cold weather in the U.S State of Alabama. Blue birds died in the cold weather through the Deep South region along with the orange fruits among the numerous groves of orange trees.
In the year 1896, the spring months of March, April and May produced extremely dry temperatures that again dried up the underground fresh water wells for humans. The three summer months of June, July, August leading into the three autumn months of September, October, and November experienced a hot and dry weather pattern.
In the year 1897, the month of July recorded 98 degrees Fahrenheit.

Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1898…”

The months of May and June, throughout the Deep South, experienced very hot, humid, and heated air temperatures. In the months of August and September, rain storms hit the cotton crops. The cotton fibers were stained in other colors but solid white hue producing a very bad field of cotton bolls.

She frowned. “Well, I’m almost at the end of the line, Ace’s life line,” she laughed with an evil tone. “Ace’s great, great, great, great grandfather serves in the U.S. military branch. So, what happened or didn’t happen to Attila Samuel Smith, the fourth? Well, I can guess. Nothing! Else, Ace would not be here alive and breathing, if his 5th Generational Grandfather had died before conceiving a son.”

The United States of America Coast Guard military branch was founded on August 4th, in the year 1790 but was called the United States of America Revenue Cutter Service, until the year 1915 on January 28th and then it became the United States of America Coast Guard. 
The United States of America Revenue Cutter Service, between the American years of 1790 to 1798, is the only floating armada comprising armed cutter ships with both cannons and guns monitoring all the other American and international maritime ships, within the USA ocean waters, around the lengthy coastal land and borders of United States of America.
In the year 1874, the cutters routinely intercept merchant slave ships illegally importing slaves into the both the American harbors and shore coastlines.
During the Quasi-War against the country of France between the years of 1798 to 1801, the United States of America Navy military branch is formed and works with the ten USRC cutters capturing 20 French ships that dare to transport European goods from or to all the American seaports during the congressional approved Embargo Act of 1807. The USRC Eagle from the United States Revenue Cutter Service captures the most foreign ships during the conflict.
During the War of 1812, USRC Jefferson performs the first capture on the high seas of a British ship within American waters. The British ships fight back and then capture the USRC Commodore Barry, after a long sea chase of seven hours on the American waters. The USCR Surveyor falls to a British warship, after an onboard hand-to-hand fighting combat, on June 12th, in the year 1813.

On the 11th of October, in the year 1814, the USCR Eagle fought against a British ship and then became beached on the shoreline to avoid being sunk. The crew members removed the cannons and continued the fight with the aid of the local American militia but eventually the British ship captured the Eagle and dragged her away.
After the War of 1812, piracy surged in the warm waters of the Gulf of Mexico off the coastlines of U.S. States of Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida. Between the year 1819 and 1822, numerous cutters gave chased and captured six pirate ships significantly reducing the high seas problem.
In the year 1832, the cutters conducted winter cruises assisting in life-saving missions to maritime ships and sailors which extended into armed and fighting services into the Mexican-American War of 1846 to 1848.
At the start of the Civil War Between the States, President of the United States Abraham Lincoln orders all United States of America Coast Guard cutters to find and then capture all the Confederacy’s private citizen’s pleasure and sporting boats plus all the merchant supply vessels plus all the warships.

Magritte hissed and then frowned speaking with a nasty tone. “Well, I’m done here; the Confederacy is done there. The end!” She continued to scan and then quietly read the rest of the electronic information.

A United States Revenue Cutter sea boat is called a cutter. A USRC cutter was used to save a party of whale hunters in the year 1789. And the cutters were used to fight and fire their machine guns with blazing bullets and large cannon balls on numerous enemy Spanish warships, during the Spanish-American War, in the year 1898.

“Wait!” She scanned the internet article. “I see. I see his name. I can’t believe this. His name is ri
ght here documented and recorded in the American History books.”
The only biological grandson of Attila Samuel Smith and the only biological son of Attila Samuel Smith, the third, a tall and slender Attila Samuel Smith, the fourth is an enlisted sailor and then becomes an American war hero.
The new battle war with the USA against the country of Spain begins on April 21, 1898. On the same day, the USRC Hudson leaves out from its homeport of Key West, Florida with a military order reporting to the Cuban Operations. Attila Samuel Smith, the fourth is an enlisted man, paid, and employed as cannon gunner. The cutter possesses two guns, fore and aft, and an automatic machine gun on the aft check house.
Two other gunboats, USS Wilmington and USS Machias leave out from Norfolk Naval Shipyard in the U.S. State of North Carolina, on April 23, 1898 reporting to the Cuban Theater also.
In the month of May, on the 11th day of the war, at the Battle of Cardenas, the USS Winslow, the USRC Hudson, the USS Machias, and the USS Foote engage 35 Spanish warships.
USS Winslow is hit multiple times. Half of her crew mates are dead or wounded. The commander is dead. The First Lieutenant is alive and calls out to the other Americans cutters for a towing rescue.
USS Hudson commander responses and orders his cutter to leave the battle fight staring to tail behind a wounded USS Winslow tossing out a tow line upon the deck, pulling the damaged ship out of the battle fight and saves the ship and crew members from total destruction or a complete capture or a deadly sinking. The USS Hudson enters back into the war battle with the Spanish warships for two days until May 14th protecting the USS Winslow and then later in the evening hours travels to the Key West Navy Port dropping off the wounded and dead sailors, returning back to the Cuban Theater.
Until July 10th, the USS Hudson continues the sea battles and captures three Spanish vessels carrying weapons and food supplies and then destroys a fourth Spanish ship. She fires all her guns at the Spanish warship while killing Spanish sailors, hitting the sandy shoreline, and striking numerous residential homes and land properties.
Finally, the American ships win the sea battle. The USRC Hudson is ordered to return back to her homeport in New York City going through the navel ports Key West, Florida, and then Savannah, Georgia docking on August 21st.
On August 28th, the commander and crew members from the USS Hudson visit the nation’s capital at the White House building in Washington D.C., where each crew member receives an individual medal from the United States of America President William McKinley. A gold medal is presented to the cutter commandant. A silver medal to each Coast Guard officer and a bronze medal to each enlisted sailor, including Attila Samuel Smith, the fourth.
The USS Hudson is assigned a new commander and crew compliment at her homeport in New York City. In the year 1917, the same cutter enters into World War One also defending the peoples, the places, the properties, and the pets of the United States of America.

Magritte gasped in shock. “What! What! What!” She continued reading out loud. “Attila proudly displays and wears his dull-looking bronze medal coming from the President of the United States, returning back to his home town of Mobile on November 14th and then visits…naw…permanently lives with his 66-year-old his mother and his 83-year-old father, after resigning from the United States Revenue Cutter Service. What! Wow! Woe! Great, great, great, great, great, great Grandfather Smith does not stay in the United States Revenue Cutter Service killing more ships, sailors, and sharks. I bet Ace doesn’t know that single chicken shit historical American fact regarding his American ancient and dead family member. Well, I can bring up that nasty fact up in the short future then and annoy his ass, when the moment is right,” she laughed with an evil tone and continued to read in silence.

A week later and three days later, on November 24th in the same year, an international legal law case is filed against the United States of America by a wealthy Cuban farmer regarding the vast amount of physical damages and uncontrolled land fires on her personal Spanish villa, her private sugar plantation, and her Cuban farmlands that reside in the Bay of Cardenas, where the Battle of Cardenas gets its name from that violent bloody sea battle. She receives 13,333 U.S dollars equal to $360,000 U.S modern day currency. That legal action creates a new act from the United States of America Congress, where the first United States Navy officer was killed in action, in the Spanish-American War provides to his family members a series of death monies, during wartime duties, paid by United States of America Treasury Department to a retiring officer and an enlisted sailor on past or present tour of duty with the USRC Hudson or USS Winslow or USS Machina also. Each former military person retires with full honors and then collects a life-time financial military pension, until their death day.

Magritte frowned in frustration, “What! What’s this? How’s that even possible?” She hissed in annoyance. “How much did Attila, the sailor receive for his life-time military pension without getting injured or wounded or maimed or man-handled or killed in battle action?”

Attila Samuel Smith, the fourth starts working as an enlisted seaman, in the year 1888, at the age of 22 years old, serving for ten years, earning 14 U.S. dollars-per-month. The math number 14 times 12 equals 168 dollars in the year 1888. He works ten years from 1888 to 1898 for 170 dollars-per-year, that equals a total of 1,700 U.S. dollars. A salary of 100 dollars in the year 1898 equals present value U.S currency of $3,200.00. Attila earns a payroll check totaling $32,000 for ten years as a sailor for the United States of America Revenue Cutter Service. Then he receives a Coast Guard military pension at $170 per year or $1,700 U.S. dollars or equal to $5,440 per year, until his death day in the year 1946. For 48 years getting his U.S Coast Guard military service retirement, he receives a total military pension of $260,000.
From the year 1790s, the present value U.S. currency monies, calculating in 100 years with American bank interest monies plus growing U.S. economic inflation state as the following amounts below:
1,000,000 U.S. dollars equal the present day value of $20,000,000.
750,000 U.S. dollars equal the present day value of $15,000,000.
500,000 U.S. dollars equal the present day value of $10,000,000.
250,000 U.S. dollars equal the present day value of $5,000,000.
Magritte frowned. “Unbelievable! Attila, a lowly seaman becomes a multi-millionaire before he dies leaving all his monies to his biological son. No wonder, Ace’s ancient and dead blood relatives live foreverly. They’re rich without hardly working or working hardly,” she laughed with amusement.


Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1899…”

On a cold sunny day of January 21st, at the age of 34 years old, Attila Samuel Smith, the fourth marries his high school sweetheart 30 years old, Josette Helene Leon, where both his 83-year-old father and uncle are present.
On February 11th, a heavy snow storm hit, within modern day Calhoun County, the modern city of Anniston, which was 280 mile northeast from Mobile, creating a layer of eight (8) inches of snowflakes.
On February 13th, within modern day DeKalb County of Alabama, in the modern day city of Valley Head, which is 359 northeast from Mobile but near the U.S. State of Georgia borderline, the air temperature recorded 0 degrees Fahrenheit. 
Within modern day Calhoun County of Alabama, in the modern day city of Anniston, which was 280 miles northeast, recorded 0 degrees Fahrenheit. 
Due north of Mobile, the modern day city of Montgomery recorded five (5) degrees Fahrenheit. 
In the modern day city of Mobile, the weather was one (1) degree Fahrenheit.
During the springtime, on March 18th, twelve (12) tornadoes torn through the following Alabama counties coming from the northwestern direction including northwest Walker County into northeast Cleburne County. 
A new set of tornadoes hit central Alabama including the northern Jefferson County and then southern Shelby County.
A third set of tornadoes moved from northwest Dallas County into northeastern Montgomery County.
On a warm day of October 8th, at the age of 34 years old, Attila Samuel Smith, the fourth marries his high school sweetheart 30 years old, Josette Helene Leon, where both his 83-year-old father and uncle are present.
In the year 1899, in the month of November, on the 29th day, a son is born and is named Attila Samuel Smith, the fifth.
“If he was the king of England…” Magritte laughed with a jealous tone and then frowned in a silence rage.


Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1900…”

Within the new century of a new year, in the month of June, heavy rain showers produced bad cotton crops and killed the peach fruit on the trees.
Based on the Alabama History book, the good cotton fields yielded good crops during the following United States of American years:
1823; 1825;1835;1837;1839;1840;1842;1844;1855;1858;1859;1859;1870;1872; 1875;1878;1879;1885;1886;1889;1891;1892;1894 and 1897.
Based on the same Alabama History book, the poor cotton fields yielded terrible crops during the following United States of American years:
1816;1817;1827;1838;1843;1846;1847;1849;1851;1852;1853;1854;1857;1867;1868;1871;1876;184;1890;1893;1899; and 1900.
In the new year of 1900, Attila Samuel Smith, Junior dies on April 18th and is buried beside his father and mother within the city graveyard, in Mobile, Alabama.



Five feet, ten inches tall. Slender body frame. Blonde-haired. Blue-eyed. Olive tinted skin.

Attila Samuel Smith, Junior.

Born in the year 1815, on April 11th first before his twin brother by two minutes, in the small seaport of Darien, within the U.S. State of Georgia.

In the year 1833, at the age of 18 years old, he attended a private family service with his mother, his father, and his twin brother burying his grandfather on September third, on Sea Island, Georgia and then sailed away from Darien, Georgia, moving to Mobile, Alabama.

In the month of November, in the new adopted seaport of Mobile, he enrolled in Spring Hill College with his twin brother.

In the year 1837, at the age of 22 years old, he graduated college with a Bachelor’s of Art degree along with his twin brother.

In the year 1839, at the age of 24 years old, he chased after a southern belle moving to the small cotton town of Marion, Alabama.

In the year 1842, at the age of 27 years old, he enrolled into a second university, Howard College, along with his twin brother.

In the year 1848, at the age of 33 years old, he graduated from college with a second degree, a Bachelor’s of Languages, along with his twin brother.

In the year 1849, at the age of 34, he enrolled in law School, along with his twin brother.

In the year 1851, at the age of 36 years old, in the month of December, he graduated from Cumberland School of Law in Lebanon, Tennessee along with his twin brother.

In the year 1852, in the month of January, at the age of 37 years old, he married 18 year old Elleen Catherine Lawler. In the month of August, he produced his first daughter and viewed his first newborn niece from his twin brother.

In the year 1854, at the age of 39 years old, he produced a second daughter along with his second newborn niece from his twin brother.

In the year 1856, at the age of 41 years old, he produced a third daughter.

In the year 1861, the Civil War Between the States began. He was 46 years old.

In the year 1865, at the age of 50 years old, he fought beside his twin brother in a local war battle at Fort Spanish, the last battle in the Civil War Between the States, before the Confederacy Army surrender. He quickly fled when the fighting began running back home for safety without tossing a fist punch or firing a bullet or stabbing a dagger into another human.

On April 9th, the American Civil War Between the States concluded.

In the year 1869, at the age of 54 years old, his first born daughter enrolled in Spring Hill College, like her dad.

In the year 1873, at the age of 58 years old, he watched his first daughter graduate from college in the month of May. In the month of June, he walked his first daughter down the creaky, bare-naked wooden aisle floor within the family church on his personal farmland, for her marriage ceremony.

In the year 1874, at the age of 58 years old, he welcomed his first grandchild.

During 1874 to 1888, from 58 to 73 years of age, he enjoyed socializing with his three married daugh88rs, three sons-in-law, eight grandchildren.

In the year 1888, at the age of 73 years old, he watched his nephew join the United States of America Revenue Cutter Services for active military duty.

In the year 1898, of the month of November, on the 14th day, at the age of 83 years old, he watched his only son return home wearing a bronze medal for military valor during the Spanish-American War given by the President of United States of America. A week later, he attended his son’s wedding.

In the year 1899, on January 21st, at the age of 84 years old, he witnessed his nephew’s marriage in their family church. On November 29th, he viewed his first grandnephew named Attila Samuel Smith, the sixth.

In the year 1900, on the morning of April 18th, he peacefully died in his sleep, at the same time as his twin brother. They were both birthed and then buried in the same year, in the same month, on the same day, behind the family church on his farmland property, as each soul ascended into heaven together again.



Five feet, ten inches tall. Slender body frame. Blonde-haired. Blue-eyed. Olive tinted skin.

Attila Samuel Smith, III.

Born in the year 1815, on April 11th, two minutes after his older twin brother, in the small seaport of Darien, within the U.S. State of Georgia.

In the year 1833, at the age of 18 years old, he attended a private family service with his mother, his father, and his twin brother burying his grandfather on September third, on Sea Island, Georgia and then sailed away from Darien, Georgia, moving to Mobile, Alabama.

In the month of November, in the new adopted seaport of Mobile, he enrolled in Spring Hill College with his twin brother.

In the year 1837, at the age of 22 years old, he graduated college with a Bachelor’s of Art degree along with his twin brother.

In the year 1839, at the age of 24 years old, he chased after a southern belle moving to the small cotton town of Marion, Alabama.

In the year 1842, at the age of 27 years old, he enrolled into a second university, Howard College, along with his twin brother.

In the year 1848, at the age of 33 years old, he graduated from college with a second degree, a Bachelor’s of Languages, along with his twin brother.

In the year 1849, at the age of 34, he enrolled in law School, along with his twin brother.

In the year 1851, at the age of 36 years old, in the month of December, he graduated from Cumberland School of Law in Lebanon, Tennessee along with his twin brother.

In the year 1852, in the month of January, at the age of 37 years old, he married 18 year old Elleen Catherine Lawler. In the month of August, he produced his first daughter and viewed his first newborn niece from his twin brother.

In the year 1854, at the age of 39 years old, he produced a second daughter along with his second newborn niece from his twin brother.

In the year 1856, at the age of 41 years old, he produced a third daughter.

In the year 1861, the Civil War Between the States began. He was 46 years old.

In the year 1865, at the age of 50 years old, he fought beside his twin brother in a local war battle at Fort Spanish, the last battle in the Civil War Between the States, before the Confederacy Army surrender. He quickly fled when the fighting began running back home for safety without tossing a fist punch or firing a bullet or stabbing a dagger into another human.

On April 9th, the American Civil War Between the States concluded.

In the year 1866, at the age of 51 years old, he produced a son named Attila Samuel Smith, the fifth on March 21st.

In the year 1869, at the age of 54 years old, his first born daughter enrolled in Spring Hill College, like her dad.

In the year 1873, at the age of 58 years old, he watched his first daughter graduate from college.

In the year 1874, at the age of 59 years old, he walked his first daughter down the creaky, bare-naked wooden aisle floor within the family church on his personal farmland, for her marriage ceremony.

In the year 1875, at the age of 60 years old, he welcomed his first grandchild.

During the years of 1875 to 1888, from 60 to 73 years of age, he enjoyed socializing with his two married daughters, two sons-in-law, four grandchildren and teenage son.

In the year 1888, at the age of 73 years old, he watched his nephew join the United States of America Revenue Cutter Services for active military duty.

In the year 1898, of the month of November, on the 14th day, at the age of 83 years old, he watched his only son return home wearing a bronze medal for military valor during the Spanish-American War given by the President of United States of America.

In the year 1899, on January 21st, at the age of 84 years old, he witnessed his son’s marriage in their family church. On November 29th, he viewed his first grandson named Attila Samuel Smith, the sixth.

In the year 1900, within the evening of April 18th, at the age of 85 years old, he peacefully died in his sleep, at the same time as his twin brother. They were both birthed and then buried in the same year, in the same month, on the same day, behind the family church on his farmland property, as each soul ascended into heaven together again.



Present day, space, place, and time, inside a rolling limousine, on top of the rear bench seating, Magritte frowned then remarked. “That was two almost the same but fascinating lives of the Smith twins. Let’s compare their life to the life of Miss Margaret Lea Houston. The one that got away!” She laughed.

Margaret Moffett Lea Houston was born on the same day as the Smith twins, April 11st.
She shared the same birthday as the Smith twins in a different state. She was birthed later in the year 1819, in which, the tamed Alabama territory became part of the United States of America. Each one of the Smith twins tried to capture and then tame Margaret but that didn’t happen. She married the famous and infamous older gentleman Samuel Houston and became the First Lady of Texas birthing eight children.

Magritte commented. “O my! In the year 1866, she died from a bout of yellow fever passing into heavenly realm at the age of 48 years old.” She hissed with a sneer, “Ugh! That’s a very, very, sad, sad American fairy tale with a nice Alabama southern belle marrying the wrong American man. She should have lived for a long, longer period of time, like her mother did, who I thought would never die as I continued to read that old woman’s ancient American fairy tale from an Alabama belle to a Texas bitch. Talk about a pair of good genes!” She laughed, “Her mother told her not to marry that Sam but the other Sam; but her daughter didn’t listen to her wise mama.”

In the American year of 1907, the new train station depot is established, and new City Public Library opens in Mobile. In the year 1910, the Mobilians number 51,521 citizens…

“… not including me. I’m not that old!” she giggled with silliness.

World War One begins on July 28th in the year 1914.
The agency name of the United States of America Revenue Cutter Service changes into the United States Coast Guard on January 28, 1915.
In the year 1915, Samuel Great Grandfather Smith is birthed.

Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1917…”

The United States of America Congress can and does declare a war on the country of Germany on April 6th. The U.S. Federal Government drafts 2.8 million men from their American families sending a 100,000 soldiers per month until July 1918.
In the month of June, the first American foot soldiers and tanks land and then fight with Frenchmen. In the months of August and September, the United States Coast Guard administration sends out the smaller USCG cutters, including Ossipee, Seneca, Yamacraw, Manning, Tampa, and Algonquin from the American naval ports sailing escort for the merchant ships to the English coastline.
After arriving at numerous seaports throughout the coastline of England, most of the United States cutters are assigned escort and patrol duty and are stationed at the seaport of Gibraltar sailing between there and the British Isles. Some of the U.S. cutters also patrol the Mediterranean Sea looking for Nazi sea boats.
The larger cutters stay home and patrol the American coastlines, extending northern to cover Nova Scotia waters, and heading south protecting the Bermuda Islands, the Azores, and the Caribbean Islands.
On April 11th, the USCG Cypress measures 82 feet in length, built in the year 1908, and is assigned to patrol the Atlantic Ocean waters between the New River Islet of U.S. State of North Carolina and Jupiter Island, off the coastline of the present day U.S. State of Florida, a stretch of 250 nautical miles.

Magritte gasped in shock then commented. “I can’t believe it. I can’t believe it. I can see it. There is a handwritten entry by a Coast Guard seaman named Attila Samuel Smith. Is he the one? Is this the same Sam, the man?” She read in silence. “He possesses very neat handwriting too boot. I wonder if Ace inherited that gene,” she giggled with silliness. “So, inside his personal navy or naval or navel log book, during his tour of duty on the USCS Cypress, patrolling the coastlines between New River Islet of North Carolina and the seaport city of Jupiter within the present day U.S. State of Florida, he…” she gasped in shock and started quietly reading the new information on her phone.


My ancestors, specifically my Great, Great, Great, Great, Great Great Granddaddy had lived and thrived in the small town of Johnston, on the New River Islet, during the Great Hurricane of 1752. He survived the terrible ocean storm but lost his first wife and his three teenagers.

I know that was hard for him. Then he walked over 400 miles to stay and survive again with his living blood-related relations in wild territory of modern day U.S. State of Georgia.

I’m honored to patrol his ancient home site watching both the citizens and the coastlines protecting both the peoples and properties, like my military solider Grandfather Smith did for his dead family members, whose bones lie deep down in the New River waters.

I don’t disrespect Mother Nature and either her soft or violent weather patterns as they are a necessary event cleansing her world of both nasty trash and human debris. But that vicious hurricane disaster in the year 1752 afterwards had created my person, else Grandfather Smith would not have moved from North Carolina to Georgia and then married my great, great, great, great, great grandmother.

She smiled, “Wow! That’s a very heart-warming and powerful statement coming from a young man! Attila does know of his ancient English and American family history too. That story is amazing. History does repeat itself!”
In the American year of 1918, the United States of America as a free independent nation on Planet Earth enters World War One on the date of November 11th fighting their new enemies and dying for the right of freedom for nineteen months of warfare.
The Coast Guard military branch is present protecting merchant ships from sabotage and safeguarding waterfront properly, monitoring vessel movements, and establishes anchorage restriction areas and removes people from the ships. The Coast Guard services fall underneath the United States Navy military branch.
Samuel is known as the “captain of the port” within the seaport city of Mobile supervising the safe loading and unloading of military war explosives and ammunitions from the harbor’s supply merchant and warships. Attila shouts out his order while standing on the top of deck of the USCG Cypress cutter.
New York City is the largest seaport harbor under the command of one single captain using 1,400 Coast Guard personnel for the same duties.
A roaster of 9,000 Coast Guard men and women participate in World War One.
On August 6th, 1918, a Germany U-140 submarine sinks several miles from the seaport coastline of Diamond Shoals in the Atlantic Ocean waters. No American sailors survive the deadly attack.
On September 26th, USCG Tampa sailing from America to England is torpedoed by a Germany UB-91 submarine. 131 American Coast Guard officers and sailors die.
Those two events offer the greatest loss of life, due to combat, in the United States Coast Guard military services, where they lose 200 men and five cutter ships.
In the year 1940, the Mobile city population is recorded at 78,720.
She giggled with silliness, “That’s me too!”
World War Two, before the year 1941, does not involve the mighty, righty U.S.A. Both the Coast Guard military cadets and cutters are involved in war efforts again. The USCG officers control the anchors, gather intelligence information, perform fire prevention measures and firefighting activities, unload and load explosives and ammunitions, board all sea vessels docked in all the ports, and guard all naval facilities on the coastlines, and maintain water patrols boats. They stand ready protecting and securing all the USA ports, waterways, and coastlines.
Magritte whispered, “The American year of 1945…”
Newborn son Samuel Attila Smith is born. His father is named as Attila Samuel.
She gasped in shock, “Wait! What! What happened to the Roman numeral sequencing of all Smith baby boys? The Smith line of arrogant males could have set a new world’s record with first arrogant American male containing the same name, since whatever time period. What’s going on here? The baby boy is supposed to be named as Attila Samuel Smith, the seventh,” she dove into the electronic data and then laughed out loud grinning with delight.
“O! That poor new mother! In the 1940’s, a father-to-become is never allowed inside the baby delivery hospital room but waits outside inside an overcrowded and heated lobby setting with the other worried fathers-to-be. However, his father and her husband, Attila Samuel, instructs his wife to name their newborn baby boy, after himself, as Attila Samuel, without explaining the rhyme or dime or reason. She forgets her husband’s command, after the baby is birthed and tells the hospital official to name her newborn son, Samuel Attila Smith. His name is backwards from the father’s original request. That’s the second time one of the Smith boys has been assigned the wrong proper name. Wrong name and wrong way! If the mother had not messed or missed the naming scheme, then Ace would be proper named as Attila Samuel Smith, the ninth. Whatever!” She looked up and smiled through the galls window seeing the flying air waves, stationary buildings and people.
She huffed with annoyance, “I’m almost done with Ace’s generational grandfather line as my driver is flying down the overcrowded city streets. My driver is trying to save his job from my female wrath. Too late, dude! You’re fired at the end of the day, after I reach my mansion on Ansley Lane. I’ll order a new silver tinted limo and a nicer driver,” she looked down and frowned at the screen on her tiny phone, “Where was I? Newborn baby Samuel Attila Smith is born on June 6th in the year 1945. Wait! It’s that famous day ending the war! Samuel Attila is birthed on that famous day from World War Two.”
She rapidly typed on the tiny keyboard finding the information and then frowned. “O! The D-Day event occurred on June 6th, in the year 1944. I got the right date but the wrong year! I wasn’t even close. And that’s a boring, snoring old man’s storyline,” she laughed and skipped through the internet articles finding the new information. “I need to finish up here. There! I found it. I’m almost done here!”
In the American year of 1948, Attila Samuel Smith, the fourth dies in the month of July 17th, the age of 82 years old and is buried in Mobile, Alabama.
She huffed out a string of sour breaths on her mobile telephone screen, “Geez, Louie! These Smith males live a long, long, long period of time here on Planet Earth while surviving numerous dangerous, deadly social, civil, and criminal situations including Indian attacks, deadly bodily diseases, and war bombs, but not me! Well, yes, it’s me, too! I’ll survive very well, indeed!” She laughed with an evil tone.


Five feet, ten inches tall. Slender body frame. Blonde-haired. Blue-eyed. Olive-skinned.

Attila Samuel Smith, the fourth.

Third child, the only biological son to Attila Samuel Smith, the third and Ellee Christine Lawler Smith.

Born in the year 1866, on March 21st, in the seaport city of Mobile, Alabama.

The Coast Guard Academy opened the school in the year 1876.

Joined as an enlisted sailor, at the age of 22 years old, in the year 1888.

Fought in the Battle of Cardenas, in the year 1898, as a gunner, at the age of 32 years. Retired the same year earning a life-time military pension for wartime heroism and bravery from the United States of America Revenue Cutter Service.

Married in the year January 21st, in the year 1899, at the age of 33 years old and produced at newborn son on November 29th named Attila Samuel Smith, the fifth.

World War One started in the year 1914. He was of 48 years old.

In the year 1917, United States of America Congress declared war on the country of Germany and then entered the wartime efforts. He was 51 years old. In the month of May, he watched his only child, his 18 year old son enter the United States Coast Guard military branch for active warfare duty.

In the year 1940, at the age of 74 years old, he witnessed the marriage of his 41-year-old biological son inside the family’s church on the Smith farmland. That was the last Smith blood-relative wedding ceremony due to the condition of the ancient wooden one-room family church, which had been constructed in the year 1837 and was listed at 108 years old.

In the year 1941, United States of America entered World War Two. He was 75 years old.

In the year 1945, at the age of 79 years old, met his first and only grandchild, a grandson on July 5th, who was named Samuel Attila Smith. 

In the year 1948, he died at the age of 82 years old and was buried in the family graveyard located on his family’s farmland property in the Spring Hill Community, within Mobile, Alabama. He was the last Smith blood-relative buried there due to the new United States of American Federal Government and State of Alabama citizen burial laws on personal private property without a burial license.


Present day, place, space, and time, inside a rolling transport, on top of the bench seating, Magritte smiled, “Alrighty there! Attila Samuel Smith, the fifth is permanently dead and then now is buried in real life behind and within my true ancient historical research. Now, let’s go back and visit with another matching human life force on the same planet, in the same year, of the same month, and on the same day. Is there another human born located here on Planet Earth, on your same birthday? Of course, there is. There are billions of people on the planet and only 365 days of the year. That means 19,178,083 persons are birthed on the same day. That means, 799,087 persons are born on the same hour within 24-hour day plus night. I’m such a smart southern belle.”
She dove into the internet files and discovered new data. “Ah! A newborn baby named James Harboro is born on March 21st, in the year 1866. Let’s me compare their life time accomplishments. And I’m only going to compare the related events and years, within their life story, not any of the unrelated data tibs and uncommon chronology years, because I don’t have time or patience. Maybe then, another human can catch up the goody-goody Smith clan,” she moaned with annoyance. “But I am not hopeful here!”
James Guthrie Harboro is born on March 21, 1866.
Attila Samuel Smith, the fifth is born on March 21, 1866.
She smiled, “Each man gets an angel touch.”
In the year 1898, in the month of August, at the age of 32 years old, James sees his first overseas assignment as an army soldier, days after the ending of the Spanish-American War.
At the age of 32 years old, Attila has fought and won the final battle fight in the Spanish-American War traveling back home to seaport military based at Key West, then at the Savannah military seaport, and finally to the seaport in New York City.
She gasped in shock. “Unbelievable! Two individuals born on the same day and then fight in the same war, on the same days, within the same foreign country. Amazing! Each man gets an angel touch. This guy James Harboro is going to become an American hero replacing all of the Smith clan.” She laughed with revenge.
In the year 1899, in the month of January 21st, at the age of 33 years old, James marries Emma Yeatman Overshine, the daughter of an army general.
At the age of 33 years, in the month of January, on the 21st day, Attila marries Josette Helene Leon, the daughter of a cotton farmer.
She frowned. “Each man gets an angel touch.” 
In the year 1899, at the age of 33 years old, James serves from a cadet to a general within the USA military, until his death day.
At the age of 33 years old, Attila retires as a lowly seaman from the USA military and collects a USA military pension for the rest of his life, until his death day.

She frowned. “The two men died on different days. Well, a career military soldier is better, braver, and bolder than a lazy retired soldier-man. I grant 20,000 angel touches to James as an American war hero and 20,000 asshole strikes to a lousy war soldier Attila Samuel Smith, the fifth and his entire dead and deceased Smith family tree. I do believe that the other matching humans are winning the title of the greatest American Hero Family against the entire Smith family tree,” she softly clapped and loudly giggled at her vicious revenge and then grinned. “I’m almost there. Samuel Attila Smith served all his days and nights in the Coast Guard. He birthed a son on June 6th in the year 1965.”
Magritte rushed her typing on the tiny keyboard and wore a bright smile finding the information and whispered out loud for her eardrums only, without perturbing her chauffeur driver, who was listening to classical music. She could hear some of the highly pitched musical notes through the closed partition. She laughed. “Well, well, hell, belle! I’m not both shocked and stunned. Another human is born on the same day, in the same month, in the same year as Attila Samuel Smith, the sixth. You’re not a unique human on Planet Earth either! 
Emma Martina Luigia Morano was born on November 29th in the year 1899. Her greatest gift to the world, Emma lived to the age of 117 years and 137 days, before leaving the Earth plane for the heavenly realm.
She gasped in shock. “Wow! That’s simply incredible! I hope to live to the age of 177 years, because it’ll me take that long to spend the billions and billions of U.S. dollars coming from Attila’s vast great generously personal estate.”
She laughed with an evil tone and then grinned. “Well, Emma, that’s a great feat living to 117 years of ancient age like a Greek statue,” she laughed. “I award you an angel touch. No normal human lives that long. However, you didn’t do much else like cure cancer or rule a nation but only living to 117 years and 137 days, before dying. I can’t deny it and I must say it too. Attila Samuel Smith, the sixth is an American war hero and received a golden war medal for his American heroism facing dead and dangerous and then was awarded U.S. treasury monies for the rest of his life. And he was a trust fund baby in the year 1866 A.D. also. I award Attila an angel touch too. So, both Emma and Attila are tied in their single Earth life force accomplishment. Well, they ain’t brother or sister or husband or wife. Are they Soul Mates?”
At 01:40 pm, the transport continued to jolt ahead with a series of jerking movements and then stopped at each traffic light and behind the line of other slow-moving automobiles. The hotel building appeared within his eyesight. The chauffeur driver pressed the intercom button making a soft squeaking sound into the rear compartment and then voiced in a baritone timber through the intercom system. 
“What!” Magritte sneered looking up and then viewed the closed partition without spitting on the face of her driver.
“I’ve been running and racing the powerful engine on the limousine, since ten o’clock this morning, as you were conducting your personal and private business on the hospital campus, ma’am. I’m running out of gas very soon. Unless you care to walk ahead to your scheduled hair and nail appointment at the hotel lobby,” he laughed out loud with an evil tone shutting off the intercom system.
She gasped in annoyance turning to see the side window. The transport veered off the crowded roadway into the first gas station stopping at the first gasoline pump machine. She mumbled through the window at the store front, “I’m stunned that I’m not required to fill the gas tank with gasoline either from my rude chauffeur driver.” She felt the cold waves from the air-conditioning system cease then looked down quickly reading through the last bits of the electronic information on Ace’s direct bloodline of ancient and dead generational grandfathers, including his first generation grandfather Samuel Attila Smith. “Hmm! Are they a pair of Soul Mates? No. They ain’t a pair of soul mates. A soul mate is a person who loves and takes care of you from your first day of birth as they were two angels residing within heavenly realm, before coming down to Planet Earth. Attila and I are not a pair of Soul Mates either. So, they’re a pair of doppelgangers. No. A doppelganger is a person that resembles your face and your biological body. Attila and I do not look alike. Then, what are two persons born on the same day and same year called? I do not know, but I’ll research that missing concept later this evening.”
She dove into the internet information and then smiled. “O! I found it! If two persons are birthed on the same birthday, then it is called an Astro Twin or Astro Twins. Astrological twins are two, unrelated by blood, persons, who are born on the same day. Each unrelated person will have the same identical astrological charts ruled by the Solar Sun and all their matching planetary moons. But I do not really follow that fluffy, puffy stuff from the heavens or the moons or the stars or the planets. I follow money, the smell, the feel, the look, the taste of wealth. So, it’s true! Attila and I love money, dollars, coins, currency. That’s the money sign in our shared marriage chart! So, Attila and I are a pair of Astro Twins of money, honey!” She laughed with an evil tone and then smiled. “I can’t believe it. I did it. I really did it. I have successfully relived and ten retraced all of Ace’s blood line from present day backwards to the year 1525.”
In the year 1525, Henry Samuel Smyth, Junior is the 13th Generation Grandfather of Ace. 
In the year 1550, Henry Samuel Smyth, III is the 12th Generation Grandfather of Ace. 
In the year 1580, Henry Samuel Smyth, 7th is the 11th Generation Grandfather of Ace. 
In the year 1600, Henry Samuel Smyth, 15th is the 10th Generation Grandfather of Ace. 
In the year 1626, Adam Samuel Smyth becomes Adam Samuel Smith, who is the 9th Generation Grandfather of Ace.
In the year 1658, Nicholaas Samuel Smith is the 8th Generation Grandfather of Ace. 
In the year 1706, Adam Samuel Smith, who is the 7th Generation Grandfather of Ace.
In the year 1760, Adam “Attila” Samuel Smith, Junior is the 6th Generation Grandfather of Ace.
In the year 1798, Attila Samuel Smith is the 5th Generation Grandfather of Ace.
In the year 1815, Attila Samuel Smith, III is the 4th Generation Grandfather of Ace.
In the year 1866, Attila Samuel Attila Smith, 5th is the 3rd Generation Grandfather of Ace.
In the year 1899, Attila Samuel Smith, 6th is the 2nd Generation Grandfather of Ace.
In the year 1945, Samuel Attila Smith is the 1st Generation Grandfather of Ace.
In the year 1965, Samuel Attila Smith, Junior is the biological father of Samuel Attila Smith, the third or the clever nicknamed Ace.

She frowned then remarked. “Hmm! I did not know that Ace possessed a Roman numeral. He never mentioned it to me. However, all the Smith males possess a head of blonde-tinted hair and a slender body frame all coming from their native Dutch-born grandmother Hottie Lottie Dottie Smit. Ace features a pair of violet irises coming from his English grandmother Ansley Lane. His dark skin tone comes from his half-breed Indian grandfather, who married another Indian squaw, like his biological father. But Ace’s body frame of five feet and ten inches is shorter than his ancient and dead relatives of six feet and three inches. His great grandfather was six feet and three inches in height working as a royal archer for King Henry, VII. Ace’s height comes from the genes of his short Indian grandmother, who married Attila.
“A Dutch male is covered in body hair like an Italian and Spanish male. Ace does not have excess body hair. The male is a handsome species. Well, I agree with that genetic statement. The English males are not a handsome but an ugly species. Ace’s genes lean towards his Dutch grandmother’s DNA. A Dutch personality exhibits calmness, strength, neatness, cleanliness, conservative, disciplined, attentive to the smallest details…” She gasped in shock and then gaged with her mouth spit. “What! What does that statement mean, attentive to the smallest details?” She frowned and then laughed with nervousness. “This little mental, physical, and electronic adventure has been a silly waste of my time. Whatever! My dizzy mind is too crowded with the thoughts of the Smith clan. Let’s skip down five years, in the year 1950, the population in the city of Mobile was recorded at 129,009. That’s me too! Skip a decade, in the year 1960, the Mobilians numbered 202,779. That’s me also! Skip two more years, in the year 1962, the Mobile Genealogical Society was formed. That’s me too! I was on the original committee that created the valuable and noble Blue Blood Society. I am a directly blood-line descendant from one of the original immigrants with French blood, who were and still are the true blue-bloods natives creating the city of Mobile. Skip three more years, in the year 1965, Ace’s father, Samuel Attila Smith, Junior was birthed. I know his dead storyline too well.” She laughed and then buzzed her dry, wrinkled old woman’s lips. “Well, I have reminisced or cat-hissed backwards in historical time for far, far too, too long now. I’ve have learned enough American History tales until the end of whatever.” She flipped through the electronic articles completing her scan and then halted gasping in shock. “Look at that! Look at that! I can’t believe it! Look at that! The new United States Naval Station within the city of Mobile opened in the same year that Ace was birthed. If that’s not his future destiny and his future ending, then I’m a…a silly southern belle, ya’ll!” She laughed and then gasped in shock, “But the ending for whom? Him? Me? O! That’s right! It’s the ending of Attila! That’s righty and mighty!” She loudly laughed while holding and hiding her secretive deceptions, pressing the button on her telephone and killed the power. She didn’t want Ace sending her nasty voice or text messages about his grandfather’s weird funeral arrangement, before entering the hair salon. Magritte would present a bad mood to the staff, where she should be happy and gay. She smiled, “Anyways, my lawyer will contact Ace today for the legal law dead person’s meeting on Friday morning. But I told him that old information. O! Tomorrow is Friday, the last working day of the work for the peasants. And Friday is American’s great and grand birthday party. So, I’ll never see Ace, ever, again,” She laughed with any evil tone.
The limousine transport slightly shook as the chauffeur slid into the driver’s seat. He cranked the engine and slowly veered into traffic.

At 01:42 pm, the intercom system sounded like a tiny gray mouse again. The baritone timber announced. “I am approaching the hotel, ma’am.”
Magritte did not bother to acknowledge the information. She was the queen here in the rear compartment of the rental limousine. He was her paid servant. She looked up from the tiny screen and presented a bright smile of delight, after finishing the bloodlines of each one of Ace’s grandfathers and then surveyed the clear skyline through the sunroof, pondering the upcoming current hurricane season. She shut down her mobile telephone and stored in her designer handbag.
In the year 2005, Hurricane Katrina landed in southeastern portion of the U.S. State of Louisiana, but the heavy rains and fierce winds created a fourteen-foot ocean water surge in Mobile Bay, destroying many of the businesses on the Mobile Causeway.
She frowned and whispered for her eardrums only. “The scientists are predicting a terrible and horrible hurricane season, this year, which does not end until November, the first. I must plan and prepare for a terrible storm season too. Else, I might be getting my name on that ancient antebellum house in time, before the raging storm comes and wipes me out,” she softly chuckled and stored her telephone down into her purse. Her limousine slowed down its pacing speed and turned into the hotel parking underneath the veranda, where the hotel security guard opened the rear door for the new guest. Magritte looked down and gathered her personal items, sliding off the seat and then stood underneath the shade out from the blistering sunlight, smiling at the ancient hotel, the Battle House Renaissance Mobile Hotel and Spa.
The red and orange brick glowed under the sunlight on the tall building, where numerous vehicles and visitors entered the lobby setting, for the day and evening business or play activities. The hotel interior features a 10,000 square foot spa, a rooftop swimming pool, a colorful lobby setting, and a grand ballroom for the Mardi Gras Carnival royalty members.
In the rear of the building, tall, a set of wire-framed pillars in bright yellow metal creates a skyline rotunda design in the air currents that hold the crest of three different foreign countries including France, Britain, and Spain, which had ruled the small seaport of Mobile and influenced the building architecture during the early 18th century.
Historically, the Battle House Hotel was built in the year 1852. The hotel stands on the site of the old military headquarters building personally selected by General Andrew Jackson, during the War of 1812. General Jackson arrived in the city of Mobile blocking the invasion of the British forces heading towards southern Gulf of Mexico coastline on the lands of the U.S. State of Alabama. However, he quickly learned that the British forces were marching towards the city of New Orleans, so General Jackson left the seaport and dashed into another battle.

At 01:47 pm, beside the parked limousine, Magritte slowly strolled ahead and reached out, tipping the security guard, heading into the open door, tipping the door man and moved inside the grand lobby setting, halting on top of the golden and cream marble interior floor.
The Battle House Hotel lobby displays a circular design in vivid colors of lines around the room in red, blue, and green on a white tinted background. The middle of the room presents a living room setting with three long sofas, three loveseats, and seven sitting chairs with side wooden tables. However, at this moment, all of the furniture pieces have been removed covered with a group of different breeds of canine dogs that were running, yelping, playing, sitting, standing, sticking a nose into something. Near a canine or watching some of the dogs, an array of circus-looking clowns displays a clown face and a set of colorful clown clothes with a tiny dog toy either chased around one of the dogs or played with some of the dogs.
Magritte gasped in shock and started at some of the running dogs, feeling confused puzzlement.
On the entrance wall, in the far wall corner, an extremely tall and large clown stood against the wall, wearing a white tinted colorful clown face, a tilted true cowboy red tinted hat, and an oversized green, blue, red, yellow clown suit over his natural body frame. A brown tinted, skinny, Greyhound breed dog and a Great Dane dog breed stood on each side of the tall clown, wearing a pink tinted dog tutu as a dog clown. The clown whipped out his mobile telephone and typed a text message on the keyboard, reading the new message and then sent it to the party. He stored the phone back down into the clown pocket on the trousers and looked up, staring at the nose profile on Magritte, clicking his tongue three times. The Greyhound dog breed stood upright and sniffed the air waves, smelling the other dog odors and all of the strange human aromas, slowly strolling ahead toward a stationary Magritte.
 second later, the Great Dane duplicated the same doggie movements of the Greyhound dog, heading towards the front kneecaps on a stationary Magritte. The Greyhound canine veered towards the rear legs on a stationary Magritte. She wore a sour frown and studied the display of active dogs, reaching up, holding her nose holes from the smelly odor inside the lobby setting, gasping in shock from the foreign touch. She looked down and screamed in alarm, seeing a pair of large dogs wearing a pink tinted tutu skirt, rubbing along her designer dress and her pair of naked legs. Her body slowly spun around while trying to escape the two overly friendly canines and complete a circle, tilting sideways, slowly dashing ahead through the floor of dogs.
She continued to scream out loud in fear, but no human bothered to address her concern, and as each human was dressed as a clown or the hotel human was very busy with other guests or the running canines, ignoring an old woman in front of the entrance wall. Then Magritte raced ahead and collided into some of the running dogs, stumbling over the wooden floor and finally reached the side archway, where the hair salon shop stood several feet down a long, quiet hallway. Magritte disappeared from the lobby setting and entered the darkened corridor, huffing with annoyance, patting her sweaty face and wet legs with her white tinted southern belle handkerchief, before entering the salon door.
On the entrance wall, the extremely tall and wide clown laughed out loud and whistled a practiced set of musical tones that attracted the attention of his two gigantic dogs. Each dog halted and ceased following the rear legs on Magritte and spun around, seeing their master, slowly strolling over the floor while cuddling into the face of each friendly canine, eventually stopping in front of their owner. The clown squatted down and hugged his two dogs, whispering a set of sweet doggie words into each face, pulling off and offered a handful of treats for a good job. He stood upright from the floor and back stepped a few feet, sitting down in a padded chair, watching the action on the floor and the appearance of Magritte. He whipped out his personal mobile telephone and clicked his tongue two times. Each dog spun around and sat down on each side of the clown, guarding their master in silence.
The clown quickly typed out a next text message and sent the new information to the other parry, storing his phone back down into the pocket of his clown suit and waited for Magritte, clicking his tongue four times. Each canine went off and joined the other silly dogs, playing and pooping inside the lobby area.

****


At 01:52, inside Attila’s manor on Ansley Lane, Ace stood quietly inside the hallway tunnel hearing the air-conditioner wind waves and then a soft beep. He pulled out his personal mobile telephone quickly reading the new text message and then whispered for his eardrums only. “She just now arrived at the hotel for her hair and nail appointment due to the traffic problems. I don’t need to research any of the traffic problems that delayed her appointment, because this is Mobile with millions of people and traffic problems, every damn second of the day and night. But I get more time. Thank you, Almighty Father, his son Christ Jesus, The Holy Spirt, and all my heavenly angels! Now, I just praised ya’ll, in heaven, so ya’ll help me find one speck of the incriminating evidence here in fire hell. Then I can take it and run with it. Amen!” He pocketed his phone and strutted ahead wearing a stern face, turning into the last square-shaped archway on the opposite wall. He entered the den or the mancave that belonged to his grandfather, standing inside the open archway.
The manly cave for an elderly Attila presents a square-shaped room with four dark wooden paneled walls displaying numerous mounted picture frames of colorful paintings, black and white drawings, posters, colorful pictures, and other items that represented his long years as a rear admiral for the United States Coast Guard service. The entrance wall contains the single door surrounded by framed objects with two wooden cabinets near the wall corner. The opposite wall used to display a row of low-lying glass windows, which had been replaced by Attila, before his grandson Ace was born.
Now, the solid wooden paneled wall hugs a long office desk in dark wood holding numerous smaller picture frames, several personal military items, and a short lamp for reading, a black tinted laptop computer, a computer mouse, a matching computer desktop printer, and a black tinted office chair.
One side wall shows a gigantic television plasma unit mounted on the wall and underneath a long black tinted cabinet exhibiting an assortment of Hollywood movie films, books, musical discs, computer discs, and other electronic gadgets.
On the opposite side wall, a gigantic colorful oil painting displays a United States Coast Guard cutter patrol boat in stark white paint on the outer hull and a red tinted diagonal box on the forward stern.
Still standing inside his grandfather’s private modern day man cave, Ace stared with a smile at the colorful photograph, a cutter slicing through the Atlantic Ocean waters like a farm plow machine lifting up the ocean waves as high as the bow deck. The cutter is a Cape-class vessel named Cape Current and is captured photography in the year 1963, when his grandfather was active in the United States Coast Guard service.
Cape Current is a patrol boat and measures 95 feet long. The beam width is 20 feet. It displaces 102 tons of water at full load and carries two machine guns, one cannon, and two mousetrap depth charges for the bad pirates on the high seas with a complement 15 sailors. It travels at 22 knots top speed.

Do not be confused!

This is not a colored photography of the USCG Eagle cutter. The mission for the Eagle is training new cadets, performing goodwill diplomacy, taking the O.C.S. group out for a few weeks of sea maneuvers and the academic cadets for longer tours.
Ace quickly recalled some of the shared conversations with his precious grandfather, where Ace listened intently with a wide smile of one day becoming a United States Coast Guard shipman.
Attila smiles and winks at his teenage grandson Ace, “The cadets are a mixed breed. You got your rock stars, your rank-and-file, your scumbags and morons. The Eagle teaches them what the Coast Guard life if really like on the ocean waters and how things actually run outside the academic classroom setting. The OCS guys are always polarized. At the Coast Guard Academy, before a cadet steps onto the USCG Eagle’s deck, we prioritize all the enlisted men, who are worthy of a Coast Guard commission and the new college graduate that don’t know their ass from their dick,” he chuckles with Ace. “Some of the college graduates have marine life experience, like me and you, or a deep passion for the seas, like me and you, too, Ace. The other newly college graduates couldn’t identify the Pacific from the Atlantic Ocean.
“The USCG Eagle always hosts, or sucks up to, the local USA governors and senators for US local, state, and federal dollars, which really didn’t happen getting additional monies for programs and such. The ship also hosts all the major dignitaries coming from other foreign countries that the ship anchored at. In the port, a huge reception dinner follows with all the highly ranked USCG officers. I was there, of course, drinking free alcohol and flirting with both ugly and pretty wives of the dignitaries. The wives had fun, too.” He laughs with Ace and then somber. “If a child on onboard and the driver is drunk, then your ass is burnt grass with the USCG. When I was a midshipman, we were called to a boating accident. I had to pick up a dead child’s body out of the water, because his dad was alive and drunk, even after smashing into a jetty. The dad got a DUI citation, of course, and some jail time. The Coast Guard does not give a damn about your reason for a wreck, only that you get justice and punishment.
“Riding on the cutter, when I come alongside another boater, I, for damn shore, ask if the driver has a weapon onboard. Hoping he smiles and says, ‘Yeah, the gun’s in my stateroom or I have a revolver in my waistband.’ Then we both have fun and safe stay on the waters.
“The Coast Guard rescues people from sinking vessels, finds missing divers, and assists larger ocean ships in distress.
“A normal day on my assigned Coast Guard cutter is trying to get some sleep next to an overweight, smelly American son native, who snores loudly than my ass farts,” he laughs with Ace.
“On night, I’m drifting off to sleep and then awaken by a screaming SAR alarm. From the Search and Rescue alert, we perform search pattern for eight hours straight finding nothing. Turned out to be a teenager was speaking on the wrong channel. We got his parents for that nasty one.
“I would always look for asshole boat drivers on the waters. If the asshole is a dick to me, then I write out a paper citation for thousand bucks that his has never heard about. You bet, son!
“I do not and could not tolerate a boater with children and no life jackets or emergency flares onboard. Beer’s okay to drink. The rule of thumb on the water is a 12-pack of cold beer for two people on a boat.” He shakes his bone skull and wiggles his finger at his pre-teen grandson Ace.


****

Back inside Attila’s manor, in the open archway, Ace exhaled with a huff of worry and wiped his gathered tears, whispering to the photograph. “My grandfather is dying. There’s nothing I can do about that, but I am trying, but I’m going to be too late. Then my grandfather is going to die, soonest. I can’t believe this. He will be permanently gone from my life and from the Earth plane living in the heavenly plane. He will not be alive but dead.” He looked up to see the ceiling planks and talked to the heavenly realm beyond the outer space stars. “I will miss you, when you’re permanently gone, Granddaddy! But you’ll be avenged; I promise with skulls, bones, and blood, not mine, of course,” he looked down and stared at the wore leather brown chair, wiping his wet face with both of his dirty hands, clearing his throat of wet mucus.
Sitting diagonally from the photography, inside the darkened wall corner, without an overhead lamp over a ratty brown tinted lounge chair, Attila would sit in that old chair, narrating all of the sea adventures from his long military career to his only grandson Ace for hours, days, weeks, months, years, and decades. He always sat in that ratty chair and smoked one of his cigars flooding the enclosed room with the sweet odor while his first married wife yelled for the health of her young son and her younger grandson, without a result. Ace always sat a few feet from his grandfather on top of a small padded stool and listened to the words, exhaling the fumes from the burning cigar that polluted the wooden planks with the sizzling ashes.
Inside the open archway, Ace exhaled with worry and felt deep concern for the fate of his elderly grandfather, slowly entering the manly cave and then halted with a gasp of shock. Beside the ratty brown tinted lounge chair, without a foot stool, that faced a gigantic mounted television screen on the opposite side wall, a small side wooden table would always hold a burning cigar tilted sideways on a glass ash tray and a sweaty tall tumbler of either sweet tea or an alcoholic beverage. Today, the table surface did not present a burning cigar or a used tumbler, but an unfolded document in white paper, longer than a regular sheet of paper, with black tinted sentences in English words.
Ace slowly moved ahead and then stopped, standing in front of the small table, leaning down and quickly reviewed a stapled set of white tinted papers. He gasped in shock. This stapled stack of long papers represented the Last Will and Testimony from his grandfather on top of the surface. Ace stood upright and shook his body in fury, slowly calming his stressed brain cells, exhaling out his sour breathes. He leaned down again and reached out with his hand and then halted the movement, huffing in frustration. "No! No! No! She’ll know that I’ve been here performing my spying mission." He stood upright and spun around slowly searching the room for a new instrument used to touch the legal documents, completing the circle and viewed the office desk. He moved ahead and stopped in front of the desk, slowly opening the drawer, reaching down and touched a blue tinted ink pen. "No! No! No! The blue tint will smear on the paper." He shifted his hand and touched a pencil. "No! No! No! The lead will smear on the paper," he shuffled his hand again and touched the ruler, pulling out the item, spinning around and advanced back towards the table. He stopped with a stern face and leaned down, exhaling with worry, slowly slipping the tip of the ruler underneath the stapled stack of papers, lifting up the last page, the signature paper. He read the new information and gasped in shock, gently lowering the last page back in place, slowly standing upright in angry. He flung the plastic ruler to the side of his body, hitting it down on the floor that sounded with a soft thump on the wooden planks and shouted out loud in fury. "No! No! No! Who in the hell is Idandy Gilbert? Idandy Gilbert has signed on the lawyer's line of the new Last Will and Testimony document. And Gritty signed as the witness while replacing me. So, Gritty has added her name to my grandfather's Last Will and Testimony document. Thus, she changed the legal document. She did it. She did it, last week, when my grandfather was alive and healthy. Why did she do that? Why did she do it? She planned this almost cold-blooded murder of my grandfather. Why! Why! Why! Why’s Magritte so greedy, mean, selfish, jealous, and nasty? Magritte is a very rich woman, without a single greedy child or other nasty blood relatives sharing her wealth. She’s not a sick individual but an ugly bitch. Why did she marry my grandfather? What does she want from my grandfather? I don't understand any of this mess." He shook his bone skull. "It's too late now. She is married to my grandfather and his legal wife and she will inherit all of his monies, his house, his land, his furniture, his car, and his bedroom linens, including everything else that my grandfather owns." He gasped in alarm and spun around, staring at the entrance wall with two wooden cabinets, nodding with a wicked smile. He slowly moved ahead and stopped, squatting down on top of the floor, reaching through a small gap in-between the two cabinets, ripping off a taped tiny metal key on the metal cabinet. He inserted the tiny key into a tiny latch on the tiny drawer on the second filing cabinet, twisting to the side, unlocking the lock. He slowly opened the drawer and viewed a folded document, smiling down at the paper. He pulled out the paper and unfolded the item, flipping to the last page.
Every new solar year, on the second day of the first month, Attila renewed his Last Will and Testimony on purpose to avoid confusion, in case, something terrible happened to him during the new year. However, the signature paper had been signed by his grandfather the day after his wedding ceremony to Magritte, in the month of February, and witnessed by Ace, and signed by Attila's old lawyer.
After his marriage to Magritte, Attila renewed his Last Will and Testimony, excluding his new wife from his entire land and property estate and bank accounts, naming his only existing two blood relatives, his grandson Ace and his great granddaughter Gem, as the heirs of his American throne. And he added the signed pre-nuptial legal document, which had been signed by Magritte herself promising not to take any assets from Attila, in case, he died and ascended into heaven.
Ace nodded with his smile them commented. "She does not know that I know. She signed a pre-nuptial agreement not to rob my grandfather and my daughter and me of his earthly possessions. I don't need the money, but that isn't the legal point here. She is not a Smith, only a scavenger." He refolded and replaced the document, locking the tiny hidden drawer, re-hiding the tiny key in the same place. He slowly stood upright from the floor and exhaled with fury, leaving the man cave, standing inside the hallway again. He was still continuing the search for the roller machine. Ace was going to find the hard proof and viciously accuse Magritte of an attempted murder crime on his grandfather.
He shook his bone skull. "She would not hide any type of foreign object here inside the dining room or sitting room or den room, where everyone eats or plays or lounges. Someone might find it. It is not here. So, it is upstairs. Yes, it is upstairs." He moved ahead with a smile and turned the wall corner, stomping up the left side of the grand staircase while making lots of loud footfalls, stopping in the middle of the second floor hallway area, which was wider than the first floor hallway.
The forward wall on the second level hallway displays a row of very large and wide undivided glass windows that presents a breath-taking view of the lush wilderness, on the third tier of the house. If he squinted his two eyelids really close and as his brain cells worked, Ace could see beyond the grove of twisted and entangled tall trees, plants, vines, and pockets of flowers and find a winding creek water that stands three miles from the house, on a clear day.
The high window view offers the ground level on the rear yard featuring more flat solid slabs of vanilla colored concrete that extends 1,000 feet from the exterior wall with a set of four French doors coming from the first floor second hallway. The house does not possess an attached garage. Because back in time, in the Old South, the flat grassy yard was comprised mostly of soft dirt for parking all of the visiting coach wagon and their horses.
During a rainy day, Attila parked his personal pickup trunk underneath a conveniently covered veranda underneath the second floor balcony, entering through the side door into the kitchen setting, without getting soaked in raindrops.
After marrying his second wife Magritte, she had insisted upon a new mode of transportation, a limousine. Attila had never ridden in a limousine. Both his dead son and his dead first wife had been cremated, after the individual soul had left the earthly plane and passed into heavenly plane. So, her new husband purchased a new limousine for his greedy bride and housed the long transport several yards away from the grand mansion inside an ancient tall yellow tinted cedar block building that had held numerous bales of cotton in the year 1834, when his grandfather Smith had plowed the field and planted rows of cotton seeds.
Standing inside the middle of the hallway setting, the floor is covered in the original dark wood and shiny from the natural sunlight beams coming from each glass window in-between a large rug. Each wall is painted in tan hue that does not clash with the furniture or the floor. On the forward wall, in front of the row of low-lying glass windows, a pretty living setting offers a long sofa and a matching loveseat in dark green leather sitting ready for the next guest. Each side wall displays solid plaster wall without decorations and kisses a thirteen foot ceiling with a small wooden bookshelf on each end that holds an assortment of tiny objects. The second floor level which reaches twenty feet in the air from the first floor level appears as an empty space that does not exhibit any additional living room space or bedroom chambers.
However, each wooden book shelf appears slightly slender and narrow disguising a hidden door. During the War of 1812, when the British kingdom and their numerous and annoying Red Coats invaded the legal land property of the United States of America for a second time, the next round of grand residential manors were built with an assortment of secret and disguised hidden doors, holding the group of scary owners in the dark from the attacking enemy forces.
Ace turned and faced the side wall, slowly veering towards the wall corner intersection at the forward wall, stopping in front of a slender book shelf in tan hue that matched the wall, reaching up and pressed the third shelf without rocking the tiny objects with his three finger pads, feeling the movement. He jerked back his hand. The book shelf hidden door swung inward and revealed a tiny enclosed storage room, without the illumination. He flipped on the light switch and gasped in shock, seeing numerous items in pink, yellow, orange, and red that represented girly stuff, coming from Magritte. He laughed. "O! This is where my granddaddy stored all of her girly shit. I need to tell Magritte that shared information, before I strangle her wrinkled throat with my two bare hands, like my idol the Quartet leader and boss man, Austin Bartholomew Berrington, the fourth," he laughed out loud and flipped off the light switch, back stepping from the open archway. The cleverly designed book shelf door automatically closed and locked in place. He scooted sideways and stopped on the opposite end, reaching out, touching the second shelf on another book shelf design feeling the movement. The hidden door opened and revealed an extremely long, rectangular bedroom. He moved ahead and stopped a few feet from the open archway as the door automatically closed shut but was not locked from the outside.
The bedroom is painted in pale blue tinted walls with a dark wooden floor surface, and numerous dark wooden bedroom furniture pieces. The forward wall and both of the side walls exhibit rows of low-lying undivided glass windows that shows off the side yard and rear lawn, including the thick wilderness, a pale blue sky, and rolls of white clouds, right now. This bedroom chamber had belonged to his father. Attila had birthed one child, who lived here, until his marriage to Ace's mother. Each painted wall contains numerous tiny, small, and large framed glass pictures of his father, his mother, his sister, his grandparents, and himself during the happier time of Ace's life. Some of the newer pictures included his daughter Gem and his grandfather, who were his only two blood relatives left on Planet Earth.
On the forward wall and the side walls, spare pieces of short wooden furniture lean against the portions of the solid wall, without covering the glass, blocking the view of the skyline. On the entrance wall of solid pale blue paint, the hidden entrance door occupies one of the wall corners. Beside the doorway, bedroom chests and a night stand guard a four-post bed frame with a pale blue tinted bedcover and then a second night stand kisses a set of taller chests that hold a mystery as no person lives inside this bedroom. Towards the end of the entrance wall, a pocket door opens into a private lavatory, which had been used by his deceased father as a young kid.
Ace balled both of his hands into a pair of tight fists and growled at an absent Magritte. "She did not perform her evil magic in here. I know it. I can feel and taste and smell it. This room is untouched by her stinky, cheap perfume." He back stepped from the room and moved through the open archway, standing back inside the hallway. The door automatically closed and then shut without locking for the invited guest. To open the door without a door handle, the invited guest or family member used the pressure points that was built inside the rear board on the wooden book shelf for entering the private room. He spun around to face the other side wall, seeing a duplication, scooting around the staircase banister, approaching the side wall of tan hue. He stopped and stood in the wall corner beside the forward wall of windows, staring at a third built-in slender book shelf, reaching off and touched the correct wooden plank. The door opened and revealed in the short distance a set of rough, naked wooden steps that climbed upwards the attic room. He laughed out loud with a smile. "She didn't go upstairs, because the she-ghosts would have chased her back down to the second floor level." The manor was not haunted as no blood relative or friend or strange human body had been murdered in the house or on the grounds. But the modern day air conditioning and heating system and all of the connected metal vents and all of the new electrical cables were located there inside the attic room, producing a series of ghostly noises and squeaky sounds. If Magritte had dared to venture up the sturdy but rough staircase of wooden steps with her girly curiosity, then she would had ran back down screaming in fear of the tiny mouse-like sounds.
Ace back stepped from the hot air molecules watching the hidden door close shut and then lock, scooting sideways against the smooth paint, stopping in front of the last book shelf design. He touched the right spot on the top shelf and watched the door swing open, revealing a second rectangular room that was fit the length of the house which was painted in yellow hue. He slowly entered the room and scanned the environment laughing out loud. "Color my world! Wow, Granddaddy! Do you go wave surfing on top of your bed mattress? That bedcover belongs in the ocean waves with the crazy pattern of rainbow colors in green, blue, and purple hues. That’s a girly feminine touchdown. Ugh! I'll glad Fawn and I agree on stuff, together, like a future properly married couple."
The rest of the gigantic rectangular shaped room features heavy gray-tinted marble bedroom furniture on the long side wall without a glass window. The room is a duplicate of the first bedroom with a forward and two side walls of undivided glass windows that hold scattered smaller pieces of marble tables in-between the wall plaster sections.
Ace slowly scanned the room, not knowing if any item was out of place coming from Magritte and gave up on that mental thought and turned to face the side wall of glass windows, moving around the furniture pieces and then stopped, standing in front of the first pocket door. He gasped in shock and stared at the door, turning to the side, seeing a second pocket door with puzzlement. "Why are there two pocket doors? I don't know." He returned back and tapped the door, opening the wood, seeing a pink tinted bathroom. "O! I see. This is the 'her' bathroom. Let us see what this old girl holds." He entered female lavatory and carefully searched through each closed door, cabinet, and drawer, not finding a roller and presser machine or any type of white tinted liquid product. He exhaled with annoyance and spun around, exiting the clean lavatory, scooting down the wall and tapped on the second pocket door. The door opened and revealed the master bathroom.
The setting presents a solid black tinted floor surface and an old fashion tub which is coated in black hue with a stark white tinted lining. The wash sink displays a white tinted hue and is embedded down inside a black-tinted wooden vanity and is surrounded by black colored tile. The lower wall was covered in large black tiles going half-way up wall contracting with the yellow tinted solid upper walls. But this is a manly man's bathroom, not a girly beauty vanity.
Ace felt terrible rummaging around inside his grandfather's personal bathroom, but his grandfather was sick inside a hospital bed with a heart attack by his new vicious wife Magritte. He exhaled with worry and stomped inside, carefully performing a thorough search for a roller and presser machine that could have created a gelatin capsule, which infected his grandfather, without finding the piece of equipment, staring at his face in the reflection mirror. "Ugh! I'm clueless and at a loss with a new idea. I have searched the obvious spots in the kitchen, the laundry room, each bathroom. I didn't search my father's bathroom. Yeah," he exhaled with sadness with the loss of his biological parents, which had been over fifteen years ago, but the empty pain still hurt his heart, mind, and soul. He exited the manly bathroom and left the master bedroom without dropping a strand of hair, rushing across the hallway floor, standing on the side wall and tapped the correct spot on the hidden door.
At 02:58 pm, Ace quickly entered the first bedroom setting again and rushed around each furniture piece, standing in front of the pocket door, tapping the wood. The door opened and revealed a pale blue bathroom in tile and walls, rapidly searching, finding empty drawers, cabinet surfaces, and closet shelves. No one lived in this room, not even the he-ghost of his father which might have been wonderful for Ace to see his fatherly image again, if Ace believed in that mystical shit, which he did not. He exited the bathroom and left the bedroom setting for a second time, standing in the middle of the hallway floor. "Damn! Damn! Damn! It’s here and it’s well-hidden! And I’m running outta of time, ya’ll.” He whipped out his mobile telephone and checked for a new text message, seeing all of the new ones from the annoying triplet sister, not his fiancé Fawn or his medical physician Kamius, which might be good news for his sick grandfather. He replaced the phone back down inside his trouser pocket and stared at the gigantic glass window that stood thirty feet up from the foyer room, seeing the pale sky, rolling white clouds, and a flock of flying birds. One of the flying birds was too close to the exposed glass window and needed to relieve its crowded butthole with its delicious lunch meal of ingested earthworms, dropping down a single pile of hot poop which partially slammed into the clear glass with the rest landing on the rooftop. Ace laughed out loud at the funny natural sight while pondering how to clean sticky bird poo off the upper window on the tall mansion. "Shit! I see and smell shit! I know where the roller and presser machine are located." Ace raced ahead and then slid over the smooth wooden floor, standing in front of another pocket door, nodding with laughter.
The pocket door housed a fourth lavatory for the paid house staff and their personal butthole usage. Back in time, during the Old South, the working domestic slaves did their thing outdoors a few feet from the manicured dirt and patches of grass. During the modern times, when the hired and paid house staff members needed to use the lavatory, without going upstairs into the family lavatory, the owner had built a new bathroom for the staff members. Ace was not allowed to use the staff bathroom out of respect for the paid workers, going upstairs or outside on the flower bed. As an adult, he still was not allowed to use the fourth lavatory for the same respectful reasons and did not piss outdoors on the flower beds anymore, until after his grandmother had died. His granddaddy always pissed his urine outside, when he was busy with all of his outdoor work.
Ace reached up and slid the door open revealing a long and gigantic solid white-tinted bathroom with a dressing section, two toilet bowls, three wash sinks, and a pair of shower stalls. The forward short wall displayed a bubbled glass window that did not exhibit the grass or trees but brought inside natural sunlight. Beside the window pane, several mounted ceramic white tinted hanging racks displayed numerous bath and hand towels in stark white hue. He scooted inside the archway and felt really terrible about invading the personal bathroom for the hired staff made all of the deadly gelatin capsules. The shower stall stood on the right side across from the row of wash sinks embedded in a long wooden cabinet. Ace padded to the cabinet and squatted down, carefully searching the interior tiny walls that held numerous personal bath items, but not a small piece of metal equipment. He cursed out loud with disappointment and stood upright slowly spinning around, searching for another cabinet or drawer or closet and viewed the built-in open wooden shelves with more folded towels and numerous bathroom items. "I can't believe that I'm so close here. It is not here either. But it is here. Where is that roller and presser machine?" He exited the bathroom, without closing the door or cutting off the light and stopped inside the hallway, still cursing with defeat. "What did Streg tell me? He had experienced and created one gelatin capsule in the privacy of his house by explaining the mechanic procedure. I can't remember the steps for creating a gelatin capsule. Maybe, one of the steps could lead me towards that damn tiny machine," he whipped out his phone and typed on the tiny keyboard, viewing the tiny screen and read out loud the information.
“Start the encapsulation process. Melted gelatin is pumped through a machine that spits out two thin ribbons of gelatin. That's fine and dandy and will make a terrible mess, if I could find that damn machine.
“The two ribbons of heated gelatin pass over a series of rollers and are fed through two rotating die cylinders that determine the size and shape of single capsule structure, which forms two halves of the new soft, flexible capsule. Magritte had to execute the same procedure with the machine. I wonder if she did the dirty deed outside the house on top of the grass or the concrete in the heat. Naw! She is a true southern belle and the weather is truly blistering. The gelatin tablets would melt down onto the grass or the concrete slab staining both items within the hot sun, before pressing the hard tablets through the presser machine. So, she did it inside the ice cold air-conditioned house, but which house room.
“Spray down a large surface with bleach-based cleaner and then wipe the surface clean with a paper towel. After spraying, close all the doors and the windows keeping out any windy breezes, creating a sterile environment. Put on a pair of medical gloves before measuring the product. That's it! She wore a pair of rubber gloves for the dirty deed. Now, where is the garbage cans? O! The garbage man came yesterday to collect the smelly garbage from all of the smelly trash cans. Too late! Spray down a large surface with bleach-based cleaner and then wipe it clean with a paper towel. The dirty paper towel is gone also. After spraying, close all of the doors and the windows keeping out any windy breezes, creating a sterile environment. Wear a pair of medical gloves. Wait! Wait a second! I am thinking. Create a sterile environment inside the affected or selected room! She would follow the internet gelatin preparation directions exactly. Else, her set of deadly weapons would not work or melt on the floor or burn her two southern belle hands. Create a sterile environment keeping out any windy breezes. Windy breezes? Windy breezes!” He spun around to face the open archway inside the fourth lavatory and gasped in shock, slowly re-entering the room, spinning around on top of the floor and held his mobile telephone. He spotted the upper vent for the air-conditioning unit, gasping in shock. "Did she? Or didn't she? I will find out in three seconds." He jumped up from the floor and lifted his free arm in the air trying to touch the metal vent with his free hand, but he was too short in height from the sideways metal vent near the top of the arched ceiling, swiftly dropping back down on top of the hard tile. He sneered. "I'm too short in statue! I need a tall ladder for that a high vent, but I have another idea." He closed the door shut and cut off the lights, standing on top of the floor, closing both of his two eyelids and feel the cool air inside the bathroom. "This is not working. I don't hear the air conditioning unit running throughout the house," he opened the door and dashed away from the fourth lavatory, searching for the air temperature control panel inside the house on one of interior wall, punching the button menu down into a freezing temperature of 32 degrees Fahrenheit, inside the house. He left the exposed wall with the temperature panel and returned back into the dark lavatory, softly chuckling at his brilliant idea, closing the door again. He stood in the dark for a few seconds and then heard the mighty motors on the two air conditioning units click alive wtih power, feeling no breezy circulation of cold air inside the house staff bathroom. He smiled with victory but did not stir, continuing to stand in silence, not feeling a blast of ice cold waves on his face or body. He illuminated the light on his phone for sight and reached over, flipping on the row of ceiling lights, quickly exiting the lavatory room and raced out from the house into the storage shed, where the new limousine slept during the nighttime hours.
Ace found a tall ladder and entered back into the house through the foyer setting, trailing some dirt strands over the clean polished wooden floor surface. He didn't care, right now, if Magritte came home in shock and surprise. He had found the answer but needed the positive verification. He raced down the hallway tunnel and carefully entered the lavatory, standing the four heavy legs on top of the clean tile floor, balancing his body on each steel rim and then slowly climbed up the steel ladder, without hitting his hair roots on the wooden ceiling planks. He reached out and touched the metal vent, twisting his long finger pads through the slots, finding the vent panels shut and closed, which would create a sterile environment, without a windy breeze coming from a working air-conditioning unit. He decided not to adjust the vent panels for his explanation of an evil crime to the police authorities and scaled down the ladder, quickly returning the item back into the storage shed. No person would realize that the steel ladder had been shifted from its original position inside the building.
Ace returned back to the scene of the crime inside the fourth lavatory and slowly examined the countertop and each wash sink, squatting down, snooping around the toilet lid and found nothing. He slowly stood upright and frowned with annoyance. "She made each gelatin capsule in here, after sterilizing the tile countertop and the stainless wash sink, before and after her dirty deed. Now, all of her physical evidence is down the drain, literally. I could call a plumber and get him to tear the pipes apart from the wash sink, that would be very suspicious for me and silly of me. No one would believe my demon tale. And she’s due back here within thirty minutes or less. Where is the damn roller and presser machine? Well, she chunked it in the garbage, Ace. I only got the closed vent which a hired staff member could have adjusted. That's a weakly legal case for performing cold-blooded murder," he reached down and gently pulled out the tiny gelatin capsule, placing the object on top of the tile countertop. "Where are the rest of your buddies, Jill? Do you have other hidden sisters and brothers, somewhere else here inside this house? Or are your sisters and brothers inside the designer purse on Gritty? I would guess so, since Gritty had limited time, before my granddaddy came back from his fun trip, without her. Why did he marry this bitch? Well, once my granddaddy is outta of the hospital, he is getting a quickie divorce, of course, after I have presented my legal case. My granddaddy believes me and loves me. And I love him." He stood upright and stared into the mirror, pondering the next step trying to find the roller and presser machine. His two eyeballs darted around the room, scanning each wall, the floor, and finally the toilet bowl again. He leaned over and lifted up the lid on each toilet bowl seeing the usual mechanisms. "Not there!" He stood upright again and leaned down, searching each drain pipe on the three wash sinks, finding no gooey evidence. "Not there either!" He stood upright with disappointment and stared into the reflection mirror while still pondering the next step, when a single ray of sunlight penetrated the bubbled glass window and slammed down into the dry floor on each shower stall, without twinkles or heat. His two eyeballs darted towards the stream of light and then followed the ray down into the floor on the shower stall, spotting a gulp of white tinted matter on the silver tinted shower drain. "No! No! No! Is it this easy? Is this a heavenly sign from Almighty God? Because I'm about to send a new vicious earth angel your way, if that glittering beautiful spot is what I think it is." He slowly back stepped from the wash sink and spun around, moving ahead, reaching open and opened the glass door. He squatted down and leaned over, pulling out the phone, flipping on the bright flashlight beam and examined a tiny gulp of white liquid. that cling to its life around the silver tinted drain ring. A tiny thick clump of white tinted goo had settled around the curvy portion of the silver tinted metal drain. He gasped in alarm and slowly leaned backwards, closing the door, scooting over the floor and opened the second glass shower door. He leaned down and examined the second drain ring with the bright beam, finding no clump of white tinted goo. He slowly pulled back and closed the door, turning to stare at the tiny clump of white tinted goo on the first drain ring, whispering for his eardrums only, without angry emotion or victorious feelings. "She did it in here. She cut off the air conditioning unit first and then closed off the vents second, creating a sterile environment. Then, she toted a roller and presser machine and wear a pair of rubber gloves working each soft heated gelatin tablet into the shape of a capsule and inserted the contents down into the newly made capsule." He gasped in alarm and snapped his fingers. "I know. I know the location of the roller and presser machine." Ace slowly stood upright from the clean floor and spun around to face the open archway, dashing from the lavatory, laughing with an evil grin. He turned and raced down the hallway tunnel towards the front door, sliding around the wall corner, almost hitting that center table, cursing out loud. He balanced upright body and climbed the staircase alternating each step, producing loud footballs and reached the second level floor. He raced ahead and stopped in front of the book shelf disguised door at the wall corner on the forward wall of windows, rubbing both of his hands together. He reached out and pressed the rear wooden shelf at the correct pressure points with three individual finger pads. The door swung inwards again and exposed the same enclosed storage closet, smelling the strong cedar wood.
Ace stood in the archway and as his two eyeballs carefully perused each item on each built-in book shelf and then the floor, which was covered in Magritte's personal possessions. His eyeballs stopped and then studied a colorful, glossy object, the size of a shoebox. He shouted out loud. "I found you. I see it." He slowly entered the small space and carefully stepped over each item without making a mess, stopping in front of a short pile of dull boxes. He reached down and removed the first three boxes which held air molecules which cued his interest, holding the three boxes with one arm. The other arm reached out and touched the fourth box glowing in white tinted and painted with lovely jewelry items in red, blue, yellow, green, purple, silver, and gold. He slowly rattled the glossy cardboard box on top of the pile. The box was empty also like the other three dull looking cardboard boxes. Then he lifted up the glossy box and studied the exterior set of colorful pictures. The cover picture displayed a tiny metal-plated roller and presser machine that folded a tiny gelatin tablet, making a set of kiddie fake, harmless jewelry for a little girl.
Ace sneered. "Gritty really did it. She really made a set of deadly weapons from three gelatin tablets wtih this toy roller and presser machine, that almost killed my granddaddy." He gently shook the glossy box. "The box is empty also. She trashed the used and abused roller and presser machine. Why kept the gooey messy machine, after producing a set of deadly weapons that were used on my granddaddy? She kept the glossy box, thou, appearing like she was saving a girly gift for another child. She is brilliant. I'll give her that much credit. But I'm more brilliant. I have found the evidence of a box, without the deadly machine. This is a weak legal case for my accusation. But I'm not finished here, Gritty. I'll find more criminal evidence against you," he replaced the glossy box back down on top of the pile in the original spot along with the three dull-looking shoeboxes on top, slowly back stepping from the pile and the storage room. He closed the door and spun around, dashing ahead, stomping back down the staircase.
He hit the foyer floor and raced around the wall corner, down the tunnel hallway, returning back inside the lavatory space. He stood over the shower stall and stared down at the shower ring, focusing on the smear of white tinted substance around the silver tinted lining, mumbling to his eardrums. "I found her work station. I found her work machine. I found her work on top of the shower staff. What’s that white stuff inside the gelatin table?" He gasped in shock and stood in place, exhaling his worries, shaking in his fear. He wanted to scream and yell and kill someone with his bare hands, expressing all of his furious fighting feelings, but the time required a set of precise slow movements to gather and collect the tiny clump of physical evidence which would identity Gritty as a true cold-blooded murderer. He mentally thought slowly wearing a heavy heart and carefully spun around from the shower stall, pulling out each vanity drawer, finding a set of ear sticks with a soft cotton head and a roll of tiny plastic bags that could contain a gooey clump of liquid from the shower drain. He grabbed several ear sticks and one plastic bag in one hand and spun around, slowly squatting down on the floor, opening the glass shower stall door. He leaned over and rubbed some of the white tinted liquid onto the cotton head of the ear stick, smearing the liquid inside the interior wall of the plastic bag. He collected a second sample of the white tinted liquid and smeared more the white contents inside the plastic bag for law legal evidence for the police department, dropping the coated ear stick down into the smeared plastic bag and zipped it shut. He placed the bag down into his trouser pocket for safekeeping. Ace used a second ear stick and collected a smaller amount of the white tinted, sitting backwards on his kneecaps, slowly lifting the soft cotton tip with the liquid near his two nose holes, gasping in shock. "I know that odor." He slowly stood upright from the floor and spun around, snatching up the tiny gelatin capsule that twirled in blue and white colors, leaving the lavatory setting. He didn't care that the room was open and lit with all of his finger prints. 
Ace dashed ahead and entered the kitchen setting, rushing into the laundry room, standing in front of the side wall. He placed the tiny gelatin capsule on top of the clean countertop and reached out, grabbing the detergent tub, ripping off the lid. He reached down and pulled out one of the detergent pods, examining the liquid that glittered in white and blue colors, shouting out loud in horror. "No! No! No! Sweet Jesus! No!" He smashed the pod open and inhaled the scent that burned his nostrils. He reached over and smashed the tiny gelatin capsule spilling out the pretty white and blue liquid that burned his nostrils, too, while smelling the familiar odor. "No! No!"
His phone chimed with a new text message. With tears in both of his eyeballs, Ace whipped out the phone and read the new text message from Fawn: Where are you, Ace?
He looked down at the time: 03:50 pm. Ace had promised to come home early and kick out all of the pretty southern belles from his house while spending a nice quiet evening with Fawn. He forgot about that promise and deeply worried about the life of his grandfather.
A second text message appeared on his phone from one of the triplet sisters: Ace, are you coming back to the hospital? I miss you.
A third text message dinged and appeared on the screen of his phone: She has left the building.

At 03:51 pm, Ace gasped in shock. Magritte was leaving the hair salon on St. Francis Street at the Battle House Hotel and would be back at her home within thirty minutes. He needed to leave her house. Fawn was looking for his arrival back his home from his last day of work and his formal girlfriend was crazy in love with something. He left the laundry room and rushed around the kitchen space finding a larger second plastic bag, sliding the messy detergent contents from the laundry room countertop and the two broken gelatin capsules down into the compartment, sealing the bag. He didn't want the police suspicious of his spying activities, before they heard his side of the crime and the criminal. And he didn't want to tattle to anyone else, until he could chat with Kamius and present the broken gelatin capsule with the detergent liquid. Kamius must immediately test the blood in his grandfather for toxins and poison. Then Ace could tell the story and Magritte could be arrested for attempted murder. Ace quickly cleaned the messy spot and stuffed the dirty paper towel down into the same bag, dashing out from the laundry room, through the kitchen space, racing down the hallway and slammed into the front door without opening the metal. "Damn! The air conditioning unit is running for a day in the North Pole." He spun around and stopped by the lavatory, cutting off the light, closing the door which appeared like normal again. Then he raced back to the exposed wall and increased the panel temperature to 72 degrees Fahrenheit, spinning around with panic dashing back down the hallway tunnel and exited the house and locked the door, keeping the spare key.

At 04:07 pm, Ace entered his pickup truck and then slowly steered down the familiar road with a heavy heart and an avenging mind, pulling ahead in front of one of the three garage doors. He entered through the front door with a fake smile and a heavy heart, without bothering to comment on the ugly pirate themed bridal shower decorations, seeing his girl Fawn. His daughter Gem was not home and attended one of the social functions as one of fifty Azalea Trail Maids for the city of Mobile. And Ace had not bothered to inform his daughter with the terrible dead act on her great-grandfather yet. He still wanted to investigate the murder angle first.
His fiancé Fawn stood in the middle of the room and wore the same, dirty pink-tinted outfit, sobbing with her wet tears of defeat and disappointment, regarding her broken vocal cords. She was heartbroken that Dr. Sam Germer could not perform the delicate surgery removing the fibrosis condition on her pair of voice cords. She had followed his medical advice and contacted every ear, nose, and throat medical physician, who had heard of the medical condition, but would not perform the surgery, without permanently injuring the affected patient. Thus, Fawn was destined to remain mute, without a medical or magical miracle.
Ace left his military jacket and ratty briefcase inside the cab of his truck, studying Fawn and her rolling tears with puzzlement, stopping in front of her body. He growled in shock. Wicked bitch Magritte had typed out a terrible text message from her personal mobile telephone and sent the horrible information to his girl Fawn about her husband Attila, since Fawn possessed a phone but could not talk into the devise. Now, Fawn would be upset for the rest of the night regarding Attila.
He hugged her and exhaled with worry verbally talking over her hair roots. “I’m so sorry that you had to hear the terrible news, this way.”
She hugged Ace with confusion and sniffed up the stream of clear runny snot back into her two nose holes, touching his arm, saying into his mind.

i am so sorry too.

He said. “My granddaddy had suffered a heart attack here this morning. I hoped that scary event didn’t upset you. He is doing fine at the hospital. And I am a healthy male," he gurgled a silly laugh to easy the heavy mood of sorrow.
She gasped in shock with the new information, without making a sound. Fawn had left the house, Attila, the gang of southern belles, and Magritte early this morning and missed his heart attack. But Ace did not seem to know about her disappearance from the house, this morning, either. She would stay silence about the numerous visits to an array of medical physicians.
Fawn said into his mind.

we should go to the hospital, right now.  i was waiting on you to come back home.  i want to go and visit with attila, right now.

He exhaled with worry. “Yes, that’s a good idea. I wanna go and see my granddaddy and talk with his physician.” She pulled back and smiled at Ace whipping off her personal tears of disappointment, nodding to him. His phone sounded with a familiar country song. Ace pulled out the phone and realized the familiar telephone number, lifting the devise into his face. "Yes." He listened to the other party and then gasped in alarm. "What!" He listened again. "Thanks!" He disconnected the phone call and dropped the phone by his side, smiling at Fawn. Then, his phone sung out loud with the same familiar country song. He lifted the phone to his face, without seeing the telephone number, knowing the bad news: Samuel Attila Smith had died three minutes ago. He spoke. Yes." Then he listened to the doctor and repeated her words. "My granddaddy had passed away. Thanks for calling me, Kam! I'm heading to the hospital, right now."
Fawn gasped in alarm and covered her mouth, mentally thinking within her mind.

this is my fault.  if i had been here, then i could not saved Attila.

Ace shook his head without hearing her words inside his mind. "No one is at fault here, Fawn. My granddaddy had a heart attack. He was an elderly man and his time was here. I do believe that a higher entity watches, glides and kills us," he laughed with amusement. She sobbed with tears. He leaned over and cuddled her feeling her set of hot tears through the dress shirt, soaking down into his chest. Magritte would not get away with the cold-blooded murder of his grandfather. Ace had the evidence in a tiny plastic bag, which was farfetched and unbelievable. He would show the gelatin capsule found inside his house and the ear stick of the same substance explaining his murder theory. Maybe, Kam could quickly run medical tests and find the toxins before the dead body expelled the evidence.
Ace released Fawn and pulled back stating with a slight smile. "Why don't you stay here? The hospital hallway is going to be overcrowded with all of his old friends and one family member, which is me. I must go and claim the body and prepare all of the legal stuff, since I am his grandson and his lawyer."

i thought magritte had to prepare the funeral arrangement as his wife.

He nodded. “She can do that. but she is newly married for two months. I’m an old hand at legal work and I don’t wanna see you upset with all of the people there, who will be crying and sobbing and talking about old fun times with my grandfather. Then, each one will be hugging and touching you with their wet hands.”

stop!   okay!   i will stay here.   does gem know?   i did not contact her.   was i supposed to contact her.

"No. Let me do it! She is away from Mobile doing something for the Azalea Trial Masters."

trail maids.

"Whatever!" He leaned over and kissed her lips, pulling back with a wink. "I’m going. I'll be back much later. Will you wait here and stay up later watching for me?" She nodded with talking back into his mind. She could tell that Ace was upset with the terrible news. He had one blood relative left in the world, and it wasn't Fawn. He continued. "I will contact Gem and have her drive back here tonight. Wait! Could I ask you leave here and go and pick up Gem? I’ll call and find out where she is located." She nodded with a smile in silence. He frowned. "Well, maybe not, it's getting too late in the afternoon driving among the work traffic." She shook her curls with a smile. He said. "Well, maybe, it is okay. are you shore? I don't know where Gem is located at. I will call and find out. Then she can call you and explain where she is located." Fawn nodded with a smile. He shook his bone skull. "After thinking about, I will go and collect her, where ever she is at." She shook her curls with a smile. He smiled. “Are you okay driving to go and get Gem? I don’t know where she is located at the moment. You’re upset too. I don’t want you driving, if you are upset, too. I’m upset but not like you. And Gem will become really upset.” 
Fawn reached up and touched his arm, speaking into his mind.

you are too stressed.  i am not too upset.  i can go and collect gem and bring her back home.  you leave from the house and go to the hospital and help magritte with the legal paperwork.  don't worry about us.  i am fine.  i will go and get gem.  get going, honey!

At 04:23 pm, Ace leaned over and kissed her lips, pulling back with a smile. "Well, since, you're such a sweetheart and I'm going to marry you, next week. I love you, Fawn. You go and collect Gem. I'm off to the hospital to get Magritte," he laughed with an evil smirk regarding the play on words and spun around while still laughing out loud with the upcoming secret murder of another evil soul. Fawn frowned at his back spine with puzzlement, in silence. Ace shouted out loud and headed towards the front door, "I love you, Fawn. Don't tell Gem about the dead, only that he is in the hospital. I will tell Gem tomorrow about the death of Attila." He exited the house and dashed to his pickup truck, cranking the engine, reversing the vehicle from the garage door and steered ahead on Ansley Lane toward the hospital. he pressed the blue tooth devise and called Gem's personal mobile telephone.
She answered on the first ring. "Hi, Daddy!"
"Hi, sweetheart! Are you too busy for me?"
"I'm never too busy for my daddy."
"Sweetheart, I have some bad news."
"What! What's wrong! Is something wrong with you or Fawn? What is it, Daddy? I can leave right now, from the city of ..." she started to sob with tears.
Ace exhaled with worry and continued to speed around the slower vehicles on the roadway. "Sweetheart, I don't want you driving back home right now. Granddaddy is in the hospital. So, Fawn is leaving the home and coming to get you, driving you back home here in Mobile. Don't worry, Gem! Daddy has this covered in soft dirt," he laughed out loud.
She continued to sob through the telephone speaker. "Daddy! What’s wrong with Granddaddy?"
"He’s an old man, honey. Don't worry about it, Gem! Now, could you please call Fawn and explain your present location? The hour right now is the beginning of the nasty work hour traffic, so it will take Fawn some time to reach your destination. Then, I want both of you to stay home and stay put. I'm in the car going to the hospital and filing out the paperwork..."
"What paperwork, Daddy?"
"The usual paperwork for a patient in the hospital. I need to get off the phone, now, honey, before I start cussing out all of the lazy car drivers, that are blocking my flight pathway. I love you, Gem. Call Fawn for directions, girl! Bye, sweetheart!" He quickly disconnected the telephone call and exhaled with fury, pressing the gasoline pedal down onto the floor, rushing through heavy traffic to the hospital. He wanted to reach Kam and show her the evidence of a cold blooded murder of his grandfather by the known murderess, before Ace decided to kill the bitch himself.
At 04:44 pm, Ace arrived at the hospital parking lot and selected an empty spot for his pickup truck far away from the entrance door, killing the engine, sliding out from the cab’s driver seat. He was too angry and mad about the cold blooded murder of his granddaddy while needing to kill off some of his murderous intentions, before seeing Magritte. He started jogging towards the glass doors and raced for several minutes, without breathing heavy, entering the lobby, dashing up the staircase. He skipped the elevator ride and climbed the steps clearing his active mind, straightening out his mental thoughts, before seeing Kamius.
On the seventh floor, he stepped off the staircase and moved down an empty, quiet hallway. Once Attila has died, the medical staff members will run both the friends and neighbors off the working hallway. Ace entered the ICU room and stopped beside the hospital bed, staring down at a white tinted sheet that held the dead body of his granddaddy. The body was covered for respect and as one arm hung down from the linen sheet and was colored in dark blue hue. The hospital room was very quiet, without the soft beeps and thumps coming from the wall of equipment machines. Kamius stood beside the body typing on the computer laptop, filling in the information.
Ace exhaled with angry and calmed his emotions, slowly speaking with his normal timber. "Kam, I'll so glad to see you here."
She looked up and nodded with a stern face. "Ace, I’m so sorry. I did everything to save Attila."
He nodded. "I know that. But, did you find any strange contents inside his stomach lining?  I asked you to test for a foreign object from his stomach."
"I did that. There was not an object inside his stomach, only the normal fluids and liquids."
Ace gasped in alarm. "That! That's impossible. There...there had to be something inside his stomach. Did you test for toxins or poison within his chemical system?"
"Why on Planet Earth would Dr. Kamiru Feenker need to test for a toxin inside the guts on Attila?" Magritte spoke. Ace spun around to face the opposite wall from his dead grandfather and then gasped in shock. He didn’t see Magritte or another living person, only the layout of the beautiful living room setting, without a sitting human body or a floating translucent he-ghost. He whispered with curiosity, “Is my…?”
“Here!” The voice echoed in the quiet room.
Kamius grinned with amusement at Ace. Ace gasped in shock and scanned the walls and the ceiling.
“Here!” The alto timber from an absent Magritte echoed in the hospital room again. “I have completed and signed the electronic paperwork, Dr. Kamius. Why are you present at the hospital, again, Ace?" 
Kamius reached out and lifted her phone typing on the keyboard, finding the electronic files, viewing the information for accuracy in silence. 
Ace gasped in shock at his name, exhaled with annoyance, and then spun around seeing her personal mobile telephone. Then his dizzy brain cells kicked his confused neurons. He sneered loud enough for Magritte to hear on the mobile telephone, “I wanna see and spend some private time with my granddaddy for the last time, before he is moved out from the room."
Magritte sneered through the speaker box on Kamius’s personal mobile telephone, “No! That’s no need for that here. He’s dead and gone. You need to grow up, Ace. This is part of the cycle of life and death.”
Kamius found the forms complete then looked up nodding with a smile to Ace, “Yes, of course, take a little time and visit with your granddaddy, Ace.”
Ace returned back and viewed the long white tinted bed linen sheet without blood stains. “I would like a little time to spend with my granddaddy, Magritte.”
Her voice on the mobile telephone growled out her nasty words within the air waves, “I heard your words the first time. I am not deaf ...”
“... only dumb ...” he mumbled.
“Did you ask me a question, Ace? I did not clearly hear your statement.” She sneered from the speaker of the phone.
Kamius lifted the devise into her lips and spoke into her mobile telephone. “The hospital paperwork is complete. Thank you, Mrs. Smith. Goodbye!” She cut off the telephone link and looked up nodding with a stern face to Ace, then spun ahead and exited the hospital room leaving Ace, alone and alive.
He exhaled with annoyance and did not touch the sheet. Ace wanted to drop down the sheet and examine the breathing ventilator on his dead grandfather. Maybe, some of the white gooey detergent liquid had coated and then settled directly onto the interior plastic on the ventilator which would prove his murder theory and send Magritte to the electric chair in Montgomery. However, she would not leave Attila or Ace alone.
He leaned over and pretended to examine the sheet without seeing the body of his grandfather, when his personal mobile telephone sounded with an ancient rock and roll musical song. He absent-mindedly swished the connection bringing to his lips. “Yeah!”
“Now, that Attila has died and will be buried in a couple of days, the reading of his Last Will and Testimony has been scheduled on Monday afternoon. My personal lawyer will perform the reading. Are you interested in attending the meeting, Ace?" The voice of Magritte echoed into the air waves inside his eardrums and within the hospital room
“What!” He sneered. She and he knew that she had forged Attila's signature on that fake Last Will and Testimony, in order to grab all of the bank accounts, land and house property assets from the Smith homestead. And she and he knew that Magritte had murdered Attila, in order to acquire the bank accounts and house property assets from the Smith household.
He cleared the bile from his throat and then calmed stated. “I am not interested in attending the reading of the Last Will and Testimony for my granddaddy. He does not have any assets that I need or want or desire. I am not in his will, since he had remarried you, of course.”
She gasped in shock and then slightly giggled with delight, “Ah! You are a true gentleman. I was wrong about you, Ace,” her laughter echoed through the phone waves.
“Yeah, I’m never wrong about anything, Gritty," he laughed with her. Ace didn’t have time to perform a visual and physical examination of the breathing ventilator on his dead grandfather here in the hospital room in front of all the medical physicians and roaming medical nurses. And he would not be able to convince Kamius with his cold-blooded murder theory. So, he’d perform his nasty deed later in the evening, when the good physician and the nasty wife were gone from his eyesight and within hearing range either.
The hospital door opened and revealed the face on Kamius. “I’m sorry here, Ace, you need to leave this hospital room. We need the bed for another patient."
Ace spun away from the dead body and exited the room, reaching out, grabbing Kamius by the arm and moved ahead towards the side wall. “I was upset about my granddaddy in the hospital. Now, he has died. I thought he might have consumed something that affected his heart and now his breathing. After all, I did not own the cater vendor that provided food trays at my house. I don’t wanna another murder scene in my house. One is enough,” he laughed at his sick job as his mobile telephone was still active with the rude telephone call from Magritte. He wanted Gritty to hear his vile anger.
Magritte gasped in shock but did not comment on the open communication link back to Ace.
Kamius gasped in shock too and stared with a stern face at Ace. “Of course, I can understand, Ace. You’re upset from the first news, and now the last news is more trauma. All of my medical tests were thorough, Ace. Attila had a heart attack. There was not any type of foreign object or substance inside his body.”
He frowned at Kamius. “So, what did he die from, Kam?”
She nodded. "Attila had another major heart attack. His heart organ couldn't take the attack and stopped working. That's it! That's all! If you will excuse me, I must leave and attend to another patient. I am sorry, Ace. I offer my sympathies."
Ace nodded back with a stern face. "Thanks, Kam. I appreciate all of your medical skills here for my granddaddy." Kam spun around and moved down the hallway to her next patient.
Magritte laughed out loud with an evil tone coming from the tiny but loud speaker box on Ace’s personal mobile telephone. He wanted to threaten her human body using a long string of his vile, vicious, verbal words that would produce an evil smear Quartet boss Austin Bartholomew Berrington, the fourth but decided to press the End button cutting off her vicious non-southern belle laughter. Ace slid down and sat alone in the oversized mint green colored chair, pondering his granddaddy in silence.

At 05:27 pm, on the entrance wall, the elevator door slid open and revealed a set of people. Three individuals moved off the carriage and floated around the room. The door slid closed shut.
The three individuals scattered around the hallway and then selected an individual chair, sitting around Ace. Ace looked up with a stern face and gasped in shock, nodding to each individual in silence. One at a time, each individual stood upright from the selected chair cushion and stretched their long limbs, spinning around, heading towards the elevator doors and waited for the carriage, leaving the ICU hallway.
After the last individual had been gone from the chair and the ICU hallway for a few minutes, Ace slowly stood upright with sour frown and headed towards the one of the three elevator doors, waiting on the carriage, leaving the ICU floor also. The carriage traveled down with Ace and the other family members and visitors to the lobby floor. He exited the carriage and left the hospital building, padding through rows of parked cars, spotting a white tinted mini-van, stopping beside the side door. He tapped on the door.

At 05:41 pm, in the blistering sunlight of another heated day in the summer, the side van door opened wide and revealed a living setting with one sideways bench seat that held two of the three individuals sitting with Ace on the I.C.U. hallway furniture. Ace climbed into the rear compartment and closed the door, sitting down on a second sideways bench seat beside Streg. Streg wore a head of shoulder length brownish-red hair strands, a tone of bronze skin, a pair of amber colored eyeballs. His handsome but rough face displayed a prominent permanent scar that curved around his left cheekbone, a broken nose that grew the wrong direction towards the right cheekbone, and a set of long black tinted eyelashes that any woman would envy. He wore a white tinted, short-sleeved tee shirt, a pair of tan colored walking short, and a pair of tan colored flip-flops.
Ace nodded to each person. “I’m here. What’s going on now?”
On the first sideways bench in dark brown hue, an extremely tall and wide body frame of thick muscles on a young adult male leaned against the soft cushion, displaying a bald mound, a pair of gray-colored irises, and a tone of pale tinted skin. On each side of his muscular leg, two dogs rested down on top of the cool metal floor, staring at Ace also. Then a brown-tinted Greyhound dog breed stood upright from the floor and left his master's side, padding ahead towards to Ace, lying his muzzle on top of Ace's leg, sitting down on the floor and stared up at Ace with sympathy also. Ace reached down with a weak smile and gently patted the short hairy bone skull on the dog.
Dogs are sensitive to human emotions and can sense, when a human is happy or sad, providing unconditional doggie love without reward. If only a human could do that for another human or another animal, then the universe would be at peace and harmony.
The other dog, a black and white colored Great Dane dog breed scooted from the same master's side and moseyed over, stopping beside Ace, placing her muzzle down on the other kneecap on Ace, staring up at the Ace with a pair of blue tinted irises, too.
Ace turned with a smile and reached down, gently rubbing the second hairy bone skull on the canine.
On the forward bench seat, the second occupy was an unnamed female, with a head of cropped red tinted hair strands, a sweet smile, a tone of pink-tinted skin, and a pair of green tinted eyeballs, wearing a yellow tinted long sundress with a pair of matching flat sandals, displaying a hand gun by her side on top of the rest of the leather seat. She nodded with a sad face at Ace. "We all heard about Attila. He was a good man. We all offer our condolences, Ace."
Ace looked up from the dog and nodded with a stern face to the known but unnamed female. "Thank you."
She continued. "Fawn has been skipping out on the decoration party, since Monday morning. She has been visiting an array of medical physicians throughout the city asking…signing about her damaged voice cords. She is trying to find a talented physician, who can correct her medical problem. Did you know that information, Ace?"
Ace shook his bone skull. "No. She didn't tell me," he chucked with his secret. "She didn't write down her feelings that she was seeing a medical physician for her mute issue. I really don't mind that Fawn can't talk to me, since we enjoy communicating in other ways."
"Well, Fawn has found one. His name is Sam Germer M.D. He is talented infectious diseases medical physician and an operating surgeon. And he has identified her medical condition, a thick coat of fibrosis streaks on each one of her voice folds, which can be fixed by a laser surgery procedure. However, Dr. Sam has a tiny medical problem. His two hands shake continuously and cannot be trusted with a dangerous laser heated beam on any live and healthy human body part. However, he is the only medial surgeon that can perform the operation fixing the voice cords on Fawn without further damaging her body part. And I have a brilliant solution for Dr. Sam that will help Fawn and her damaged voice folds, with your approval, of course, Ace."
Ace gasped in shock and nodded several times with a smile back to the brilliant young adult female. The three individuals were his personal Resources, who were unknown, hidden, smart, talented, and direct to the point. They didn't like playing games and Ace didn't like participating in their games. They went straight to the heart of the problem and provided a solution that didn't involve Ace or his family members. Ace only had to agree to the dangerous or deadly solution.
Ace continued to pat the bone skull on each canine with warmth and nodded with a stern face. "Do it!"
The female softly chuckled and nodded back with an evil smirk. "It is so."
Streg faced the nose profile on Ace and growled with angry. "Magritte murdered Attila. We all want revenge here. Do you wanna involve your two friends Slick and Buck? Do you agree with that, Ace?"
Ace exhaled with worry. "My two co-workers and friends, Slick and Buck, know of your repetitions, not your names or faces. Today, my co-workers have retired from their day jobs and left the USA Coast Guard military branch for a permanent and enjoyable life of retirement. No, I do not want my two friends involved in this revenge party, only we, four." He did not turn to see Streg but shook his bone skull, still patting each dog skull. "Streg provided proof of the murder weapon and the murder plot. So, I do agree, but wait for my mark first! I gotta find some more answers to the questions banging against my brain cells inside my head, regarding the cold-blooded murder of my granddaddy. Then, we all will be dealing with Magritte. When will Dr. Sam perform his surgical magic on Fawn?"
The female smiled. "I’m setting up the meeting first with Dr. Sam and then the surgical operation second with Dr. Sam inside one of the empty operating suites here at Mobile Hospital, tomorrow. Tomorrow morning is the Fourth of July, America's birthday with lots of birthday parties. The usual working medical staff members including nurses and physicians are all off of work for the gigantic birthday party. The hospital campus hosts a tiny skeleton medical crew for any type of unplanned and unexpected emergency situation for an infant, toddler, child, teen, young, mature, or elderly adult. However, no regular operations are planned or scheduled or performed inside any of the fourteen operating surgical suites, because no medical staff member is scheduled to work on America's birthday. I will have one of the operating suites prepped and ready for Fawn's upcoming surgical operation, Ace. So, you and she come at your leisure, before or after your celebration, anytime of day."
Ace nodded with a smile. "I appreciate you sacrificing your day off for me and Fawn."
"Don't sweat ant hills, Ace! I’m paid for your appreciation." She laughed out loud.
He exhaled with hope and worry, nodding back to each face. "I’m glad that we’re meeting right now. I wanna express my appreciation to my last team of Resources. I am terminating each verbally, since nothing is ever written down here, the permanent dismissal of this team. You have performed fine and dandy, for me and for my deceased granddaddy and sister and my living daughter. But now, I’m getting married next week, and I’m retired from the USA Coast Guard military branch with lots of qualifications to care for my new bride and my biological daughter, alone and lonely. I wanna know, if each one of you are prepared to enjoy your new upcoming life of retirement. I’ve always paid you for your assignment services, but I’m still worth millions and millions of dollars, U.S., that I’m able to share to you. What did you say?”
Streg nodded with a smile. “I’m set for life, Ace. You have paid me, very well, over the years. I look forward to this last assignment and then retire my ass into a life of luxury, without a care in the world. I might take up sailing and sail over to one of the Caribbean islands for some fun.”
He smiled. “Well, then allow me to purchase you a fine sailing yacht, since I was a Coast Guard sailor, yesterday,” he laughed with the others.
Streg smiled. "I can't ever say no to you, Ace. So, I'll say that's a deal, buddy!"
"I'll order and pay for the boat today and it’ll be delivered into a personally assigned berth at the Mobile Bay Yacht Club, tomorrow morning, in your true name." Ace nodded with a smile and turned to see the two other team mates. "And what about you, two and your retirement plans? Is there a dream life, after an unplanned retirement, that I can make come true?"
The female reached over and smiled at Ace, patting the naked arm on the tall unnamed male. "Julius and I have pooled our resources," she winked at Ace. "We have purchased a gigantic plot of rural unplowed crop fields near Brewton, Alabama and are creating and building a dog sanctuary, where any injured, stray or unwanted canine or cat can come and live with us. That's our dream life to help animals throughout the great State of Alabama and beyond. Humans are worthless, so Almighty God can deal with them."
Ace nodded with a smile. "That's a true Christian cause and let me help! I’ve created a foundation entity called The Gem Foundation, which provides free monies for all type of charity programs and helping animals is high on my personal list, too. I’ll provide both of your names and your new home address to my foundation manager. Then, my foundation will send you a great big, fat check of monies each month aiding in your noble cause. It is my honor and pleasure to assist here."
She nodded with a smile. "Thanks, Ace! We really are grateful for you and your monies."
Ace nodded with a sincere smile and slapped his chest to each Resource, “I’m the grateful one here. Almighty Father and all his heavenly warriors had given me the monies to share and spend on everyone and everything. Now, everyone is set to retire after tomorrow, which will be our final goodbye and departure. I'll going to find my answers regarding my deceased granddaddy. Then we all can confront Magritte with these answers and hear her side of the story, before her face falls down into that six foot hole living the rest of her days with the maggots, worms, and roaches," he did not laugh but sneered with revenge and hatred for the southern belle, releasing both of his hands from each dog, slowly standing upright without hitting his hair roots on the low metal ceiling. He provided a final nod to his devoted and talented team of Resources in silence and then spun around, sliding open the door, exiting the van. He closed the door with a huff and scanned a busy parking lot, searching for a familiar face, finding a sea of strangers.

At 06:05 pm, Ace slowly moved ahead over the heated pavement and looked up at the bright sun rays while sweating in the hot air waves, plotting his next step. "Well, the weather is nice to me. It’s not a tropical rain storm or a blowing Cat I hurricane, which is common during the month. The dead body had been removed from the hospital room by the medical staff as the room was needed for another sick patient. So, the dead body was housed inside the hospital's morgue waiting for paperwork to arrive at the funeral home. He re-entered the hospital and padded around the lobby, reading the signs for the location of the morgue.
His deceased biological mother had volunteered her own time and visited some of the sick children on the ward, once per week, during the summertime days while dragging a whiny pre-teen son and daughter with her for the noble cause. Ace didn't like the hospital visitation to each sick child and would duck out from the children's ward, exploring the hospital campus, alone and unafraid, without supervision, stumbling upon the hidden and unmarked morgue door on the first floor by a set of ancient metal doors, by accident. He had entered the unlocked door and the unmarked room, walking a few feet down a dark wide hallway while feeling the cold air with confusion, until one of the physicians reached out and grabbed the collar bone on Ace from behind, sneering into the bone skull on Ace and tossed his ass out from the unmarked room. Of course, he immediately returned back to the children's ward and secretly chatted with one of the male nurses, finding out the secret room, the morgue of dead people. He never ventured back down and explored the morgue room again, as a pre-teen or teenager.
However, each hospital floor never changed its location, only the new medical staff and the set of new sick medical patients, so the morgue room was still in the same location on the first floor, which was etched into Ace's memory at the age of twelve years old.
On top of the first floor, Ace passed the perpendicular forward wall of three elevator carriages and continued down a hallway filled with open clinics and numerous patients, visiting one of the medical physicians, before the national holiday birthday party, the Fourth of July. The hospital campus would be opened but numerous medical departments would be closed for the annual celebration, so numerous parents and patients were seeing their personal physician at the last minute before the holiday weekend celebration. He passed a small food store for buying refreshments and the gift shop for a late minute present for a newborn baby or a sick patient on one of the nursing floors, moving beside a set of closed doors on each side of the hallway that held an array of medical offices with hospital workers, padding further down alone in-between a wall of dark orange paint, without a glass window or a pretty piece of art work, and then halted in front of an orange tinted, metal-coated double doors that were unmarked with an identifying name plate on the colored solid wall or one of the door faces. He didn't knock on the door for an invitation and pushed one of the massive unlocked doors open, revealing a wide semi-dark hallway like a tunnel, slowly entering into the morgue cold reception. He slowly moved down the short hallway and halted in front of a glass structure blocking the morgue room, featuring a short open window with an individual, who worked on the computer. Ace stopped and posed with a stern face, talking to the male employee. "Hello! My name is Ace Smith. My granddaddy is located here. His name is Samuel Attila Smith. I wish to retrieve the hospital bag of personal items, before the dead body is sent away to the funeral home for processing. Thank you for your time."
The male clerk continued typing on the computer without looking to see Ace with the vocal request from Ace while nodding in silence. This was his hospital job in the morgue department, in which, each grieving blood relative had to came here and request the process for extracting the deceased personal items. He stopped typing and looked up with a smile. "One of your relatives have already received the bag of personal possessions. Thank you for coming by, sir!"
Ace gasped in shock and didn't realize that Magritte was so thorough, pondering another excuse to see his deceased grandfather. Ace wanted to take some of the dried fluid samples from the open hole of the tracheotomy from Attila's throat and compare with the liquid weapon to his body fluid, matching the murder weapon to the murdered human.
Ace cleared his throat and nodded with a slight smile. "Thank you for sharing that information. Could I please see my granddaddy for the last time, before the guys from the funeral home arrive and take the deceased back to the burial place?" He knew that request was allowed for a brief moment, without the permission from the medical physician or a hospital administrator. And he wanted to examine the dead body without the presence of Magritte or the medical physician.
The male employee frowned. "I am so sorry to inform you that the deceased has left the building," he didn't chuckle or smile. "The funeral guys have not come. The city morgue retrieval team came and went with your grandfather. He is residing at the city morgue for his review."
"Review! I am sorry here. What does that term mean?"
The male looked up and shook his cropped brown tinted hair roots at Ace. "I do not know. The information on the screen tells me that he left here and went to the city morgue on Government Street. I am sorry, sir. That is all the information I have at my access."
Ace gasped in alarm but remained calm playing the role of a confused blood relative, nodding with a smile to the employee. "My apologizes to you, again, sir! I am so sorry to disturb your work. My blood relative is very stressed and besought over the dead of my granddaddy. She has not informed me of the new plans. Thank you for sharing the information and your time. I really appreciate it."
"I am here to assist your need. You are most welcome. Please come back and visit the Mobile Hospital morgue department. Come by anytime for anything!" The male smiled with humor.
Ace gasped in amusement at the silly salutation and spun around from the window, softly cursing underneath his breathe, stomping down the semi-dark hallway. “I’m a day late and a dollar short. And this is my blood relative. She beat me to the body again. The body is located at the city morgue for another purpose. Why would the body be housed there? He should have been sent to the local funeral house for preparation of his burial. We all have a row of paid and waiting death plots for the rest of my non-dead family members at the local grave site. What is she doing? Why is she doing this? What’s the reason? This is unbelievable! She’s holding the dead body hostage from me and covering all of the physical evidence, so I can't prosecute her ass for murder, and I’m a licensed legal criminal lawyer and a formal military judge. I know law, crimes, police matters, and judges too. Well, I might be one step behind your high heels, but I can race ahead and catch up really quickly, Gritty girl.”
He exited the morgue room and stomped down an empty hallway, whipping out his personal mobile telephone, punching the icon picture. He lifted the devise into his face and waited on the connection, hearing the female voice. “I need you. Come to the city morgue with all of your toys. My granddaddy is there, and he has been murdered. I know the murderess. Later!” He disconnected the line and viewed the numerous text messages coming from Fawn, Gem, and his formal girlfriend responding back to Fawn and Gem, not the formal girlfriend, exhibiting a fake hope and a promise of coming home early. He dropped the phone by his side and swiftly moved through the crowded lobby, exiting the hospital, locating his pickup truck among the heated and humid summertime day. The day carried a clear blue sky without clouds as the rainstorm passed this afternoon, like usual.

At 06:55 pm, Ace entered the truck and stored the phone plotting the swiftest roadway through downtown Government Street to the City Morgue building, cranking the cold engine, peeling off the rubber from the four tires, exiting the hospital parking lot.

Fifteen minutes later, at 07:10 pm, after battling a set of tired workers inside an individual slow-moving automobile that had just worked their full-time for their pay, Ace finally arrived at the City Morgue building, a squat shaped, white tinted structure, that displayed in bold black letters: Baldwin County, City Morgue, Office of the Coroner.
The parking lot was not filled with other vehicles. Ace opened the door and slid off the seat, slamming and locking the door shut, pacing in front of the truck grill watching for the physician.
The city of Mobile was a busy scene for natives and visitors and rated 175th dangerous city in the USA. The largest city in the State of Alabama, Birmingham is ranked higher at 20th most dangerous place to live and not thrive until old age.
The city Mobile and the surrounding communities received the same treatment, like its sister city of Birmingham, when it came to violent crimes including murders, rapes, assaults, robberies, burglaries, thefts, auto thefts, and arsonists.
When a human body dies in a hospital setting or a private home hospice setting, the funeral home manager is called and comes to collect for the dead body, which is placed inside the morgue for prepping the deceased for the upcoming gravesite burial. When a human body dies outside a hospital or the home environment, the body is sent to the city morgue, where one of the blood relatives can come and claim the body, releasing the body to the funeral home for a proper burial.
A morgue room is only a wall of individual enclosed cooler machines, where the dead body is stored in a refrigeration state, stopping any further body decomposition. Sometimes, the mysterious death of the body is held in the morgue cooler machine, until an autopsy or an external examination by a pathologist can be performed to determine the prime cause of death, especially in a criminal police investigation matter.
On top of the blistering gray pavement, Ace continued to sweat in both water and fury at Magritte for the cold-blooded murder of his relative and then the abusive treatment of his granddaddy's dead body. However, Ace will prevail at the end of this mess, feeling victorious but sad at losing another blood relative.
He growled for his eardrums only. “What are you doing to me, Almighty Father? You give me billions of dollars for fun but take away of all my loving family unit for punishment.”
“No!” A petite body frame on a middle-aged lady appeared and stood beside the nose profile on Ace looking up to view his cheekbone. “Hello, Ace!” He spun around and smiled down at the hired physician.
The licensed medical physician for the US State of Alabama was named Amalia de la Rosa.
The name, Amalia, means, hard working, in the Filipina language.
Amalia measures five feet and zero inches in height and weighs 90 pounds and two ounces in body size, displaying a head of long black tinted hair strands, a pair of brown tinted irises, and a tone of beautiful coffee tinted color on her skin, wearing a flashy designer business suit in pink and yellow checkers with a solid yellow blouse and holds an orange tinted medical bag with her pathology toys for examining a deceased body. She had been born in the island of Philippines and migrated to the USA, when her parents left the Pacific island paradise for a better opportunity of life here in America.
Her parents had worked numerous manual labor and domestic jobs while supporting their daughter with the American dream through the America school system. Then her mother had accidentally came to work as a new housekeeper for Samuel Attila Smith and his massive mansion on Ansley Lane, inquiring about the newest paid house staff member. Upon learning of their personal drive and ambition for their persons and their daughter, Attila paid for young elementary student Amalia to attend the same private elementary school, where his grandchildren would start at the age of four years old, one day. Amalia is older than Ace.
Attila had believed in helping Americans first as an American patriot, but he also had believed in aiding others, like the Bible lessons taught as a spiritual soul. Almighty God had blessed Attila with tons of money, where Attila was required to share his earthly wealth with other persons, regardless of gender, sex, color, height, weight, personality, and spiritual belief as stated in The Holy Bible.
If you don't believe that, then you need to read the Holy Bible or pray to the Holy Father or go straight down into hell fire and live the rest of your nasty soul's day and night hours with that bastard Satan and his clan of vicious male and female demons.
Amalia wasn't only a hard-working student in throughout her school days; she had a high brilliant attitude for both science and biology. Attila provided the monies and Amalia passed all the medical studies in college courses and medical school, becoming a licensed medical physician, veering into the field of pathology.
Ace found her appearance cute and her mind thoughts exciting, but her hands were always cold-feeling from handling all of the dead, cold deceased human bodies. He didn't like a pair of cold hands or the mental cold thoughts of those hands handling numerous dead bodies.
Amalia winked at Ace. "A private autopsy is very expensive ranging between three thousand to five thousand dollars. My fee is ..."
"... in the bag holding 100,000 US dollars for the private autopsy with no questions asked and no information leaving your brain cells." Ace smiled and held up a tan colored lady's money wallet that contained her cash fee for the quick autopsy in secret.
She accepted the small wallet that held 100-dollar bills that totaled 100,000 US dollars and slipped down into her hand bag, pulling out a single sheet of paper, wiggling in the air. "And you need to sign the permission slip for your private autopsy at 2,000 dollars that goes to the morgue office. I'm cheap and ease, today," she laughed with Ace. He signed the paper and handed back the item back to her. She spun around and led Ace through the parking lot with a serious face, approaching the long veranda that led into the entrance door and stopped, standing in the long line with the other people that needed to see a dead body or claim a dead body or un-claim a dead body.
Modern times created modern headaches for the family unit, the funeral parlor, the police department, and the dead person.
Once a human is deceased, it is the responsibility of the local coroner's office to keep the dead body, until the body is claimed. If an autopsy is required, the dead body is stored in a portable morgue trailer for a few days, until the Alabama Department of Forensic Sciences can complete the autopsy. Then, the dead body is claimed by a blood relative family member and is transported to the local funeral home for the location of the burial.
However, the newest death trend coming from one or more of the live and breathing family members is not to claim the dead body, because the family member cannot pay or will not pay or does not want the dead body. Thus, the dead body is stored here at the city morgue for weeks and months until the local judge can begin the process for disposition of the body. When the body is not claimed and it is determined that the body does not possess any monetary or financial assets, the county commission is required by law to pay for a cremation deposing of the unclaimed body. However, a cremation burial cannot be ordered, until the deceased human qualifies as an indigent person.
After ten minutes in the bright sunlight and then additional five minutes underneath the shaded veranda, Amalia and Ace stood inside the semi-dark but cool, silver metal hallway, without a glass window view of the bright sunlight or a piece of pretty or ugly art work for entertainment. The enclosed wall was glittery and cold-feeling from the heavy air current of cold air, like a horror castle. Each metal walls retained the cold refrigerated air molecules inside the building and around the decomposing deceased body better than a plaster wall, while damping the terrible death odor, somewhat.
They still stood in a long line, waiting their turn at the open window with the morgue clerk. The other visitors were cleared to venture inside the scary morgue environment or were turned away for some other reason. The line cleared. Amalia appeared first in front of the open window and slid the signed permission form to the morgue employee, saying out loud. "I am Dr. Amalia de la Rosa. I am here to autopsy Samuel Attila Smith. He had passed into heaven, this morning, in the ICU room at Mobile Hospital. His body had been delivered a few hours ago to the city morgue by permission of his married wife Magritte Smith and the attending medical physician named Kamius Feesher."
Behind the open window, the clerk sat the long desk and quickly typed on his desktop computer while slightly nodding several times, hearing the information, finding the data on the computer screen, without seeing Amalia. "I see the body here." He didn't look up and slid a single sheet of paper back to Amalia. "Please say out loud the motto of your medical station here at the City Morgue of Baldwin County, in the city of Mobile, within the US State of Alabama, promising to follow the creed."
She didn't need to pick up and read out the information on the sheet of paper, signing the black line, speaking out loud. "I do come here to accurately determine the cause and manner of death, of individuals that die within Baldwin County; through a fair, ethical, and competent investigation of death; performed by qualified and trained individuals, in accordance with the accepted medical logical death investigation that hold all professional to the death standards; ensuring the integrity of the investigation.  I do come here to establish and maintain cooperative, professional relationships with law enforcement, funeral homes, and other community members. I do come here to assist the bereaved in the loss of a loved one or ones. I do come here to earn and hold the trust and respect of the citizens that we are privileged and honored to serve. I am here as Amalia de la Rosa, medical physician and a licensed medical pathologist with the State of Alabama," she handed the signed sheet of paper back to the clerk.
The clerk quickly typed on the computer and sung in harmony. "Hmm! Samuel Attila Smith has been processed through the probate judge's office already, this afternoon, before the court hall closed. Mr. Smith is scheduled for a cremation burial, tomorrow morning," he looked up and nodded to Amalia.
Ace gasped in alarm and spoke out of turn but demanded a reason. "Tomorrow is America's birthday party and a national holiday throughout the country, celebrating the Fourth of July. Will the city morgue cremate a body on a national holiday?"
The morgue clerk nodded with a smile at Ace, "The local cremator is a private company and obliges any deceased body, at any time, day or night with advanced payment."
Amalia frowned. "I am sorry here and I am confused, sir. A dead body is only cremated and paid by order from the probate judge's office, when the body is in a state of indigent care. Who determined the dead body's financial statue?" Ace gasped in shock at the new information.
The morgue clerk looked down and typed on the keyboard, reading out the information. "Hmm! The cremation order and the cash payment of five hundred dollars was approved and came from the probate judge's office. One of the law clerks has identified that deceased male Mr. Samuel Attila Smith was penniless, without owning a single asset to his given name. Thus, he was quickly processed and ordered for cremation burial by the local cremator, tomorrow afternoon. This is the holiday weekend. The cremator is processing all dead bodies through their furnace system very fast also. The employees wanna celebrate America's birthday too. We are open on the Fourth of July with a skeleton staff for the arrival of a dead body or two, but we will not be running normal operations either, until Monday morning, after the holiday weekend."
She turned and gasped at Ace. "Ace?"
Ace held up his hand and then reached down, patting the arm on Amalia, smiling at the morgue clerk. "Thank you for sharing all of your information with us. Is it still possible to determine the cause of death to my grandfather with an autopsy inside the morgue room, today, before he is burned, not alive," he chuckled, alone and lonely.
The morgue clerk gasped in doubt and then frowned. "Well, I guess so. You paid the city for an autopsy, unless you want the money check back."
Ace smiled. "No! You can keep the money check for the procedure. May we proceed ahead into the autopsy room, sir?"
The clerk pointed down the hallway with a smile. "Yes, follow the yellow line and enter the morgue reception, turning to the left, following a blue line into the last autopsy room. Every pathologist is here and trying to finish up their work before the holiday weekend too. Go and set up your personal equipment, Dr. Rosa. One of the morgue attendees will roll Mr. Smith into the last room for your examination, very shortly. You have less than one hour today. The morgue autopsy room closes at seven pm. Thank you and have a nice day!"
Ace gently shoved Amalia down the hallway and away from the window, cuddling her petite body with both protection and urgency, following the yellow tinted line on the floor, moving through a pair of automatic glass doors, turning to the side and followed a blue line down the entrance wall, where numerous open rooms contained the autopsy equipment pieces. He didn't bother to spy on any of the other room and leaned down, whispering over her hair roots. "The murderess had planned quickie cremation on a national holiday. This is unbelievable. The murderess is burning the body with all of the physical evidence, so I can't prosecute her ass for murder, and I am a legal criminal lawyer and a formal military judge."
She gasped in shock and continued to stroll with Ace. "What! What do you know? what do you have, Ace? Tell me! I can run and visit the district attorney's office before the six o'clock business hour and get the murderess arrested, in a few minutes. I am sorry about your granddaddy. He was a very special friend to me."
He sneered. "I don't have enough evidence. I am a trained criminal lawyer too. Anyways, the murderess is one step ahead of me. She is located at her legal home, right now, bleaching all of the evidence that I had found there, this afternoon. I believe in justice, but it is not coming for my granddaddy. However, I have numerous questions and I have called this quickie autopsy for the answers, before the body is burned."
"We can work together and burn her, instead, Ace."
He turned and entered the last autopsy room, smelling the cleaning sterile chemicals and the stench of death, pacing the floor with nervousness, angry and worry.
She padded to the side wall and placed her medical bag on top of the silver tinted metal work station, slowly pulling out her work equipment, pondering the murder of Attila. She felt both sad and angry that his life had ended violently under mysterious circumstances, making this autopsy personally. And his grandson knew the true identity of the murderess.
The four squeaky wheels signaled the arrival of the silver tinted kart along the quiet hallway. The morgue attendee wore a yellow tinted uniform with a matching face mask, pair of gloves, shoving the kart through the wide archway, parking in the middle of the sterile room with silver tinted walls that felt cold and creepy. He released the kart and nodded to the two peopled, spinning around, leaving the room for his next dead body.
Ace scooted sideways and stood beside the kart, staring down at the blue colored body, which was not his happy granddaddy's soul, only a fragile bio-shell that was slowly decomposing the human flesh, bones, and blood proteins. The soul of his granddaddy was living in the heavenly plane with confusion of death. Once his angel soul was healed, then his soul would check on his grandson Ace and his great-granddaughter Gem, watching over his two earthly kinfolks.
"Amen!" Ace whispered for his eardrums only and continued to stare down at the dead body of a dead human, without automatically holding both of his nose holes. The dead body gave off a distinctive, sickly, sweet-smelly odor that lingered inside your nose holes for 24 hours. The smell of death consists of 400 organic compounds drifting up from the dead body in the air, in your nose holes, and through a closed door.
Someone had closed both of the eyelids on the body. The eyelids naturally remain partially open after the death act due to muscle relaxation from the dead body which are called, eye caps. And the two eyeballs participate in the embalming process also which is similar to a dead royal pharaoh from the time of Ancient Egypt.
Ace recalled from all of his college courses, television entertainment programs, and his intense military training sessions. The human body slowly starts to decay the moment the heart organ stops beating its steady rhythm. The decay starts down at the cellular level as the human body is comprises of water and minerals like the earth soil. Each human cell starts to die and then bacteria and the body itself starts to digest all of the organs and tissues.
The bones, tendon, and outer skin can survive intact up to 12 hours. The brain cells are the first to decay faster than any other organ. If the dead body is restarted before three minutes of a clinical death act, for any reason, the gray matter needs some special treatment before the dead body becomes alive and breathing again.
Brain activity ceases when the heart organ stops pumping blood through the chambers. Within thirty seconds, after the death act, the live human brain releases out protective chemicals that trigger a surge of high brain activity on the medical computer screen which results in some intense hallucinations, at the death hour, for the human brain within the dead body, which is displayed on the man-made hospital equipment.
"Ace!" Amalia was standing on the opposite side of Ace working on the body, beginning the autopsy process. She wore a special pink tinted uniform over her business suit that collected germs, bone fragments, and blood cells, keeping her clothes and body clean.
"Yes," Ace broke from his daydream and as his two eyeballs darted back to the open in the throat. Amalia had sliced more of the throat skin and exposed more of the dried and pink tinted esophagus tissue. A small string of white tinted substance was dried on the tissues. She had moved down from the opening in the throat muscle and worked on the stomach lining, slicing through into the abdomen, exposing the organs. She held a tiny white-tinted, glossy, oval-shaped object in her gloved hands, frowning at the object with confusion, "What is this? I have seen some weird things coming out of a dead body. This is the tiniest foreign object in the world. 
He cleared his throat from the bitter bile and wiped off both of his moist eyeballs, staring at the gelatin capsule. Amalia had found one of the gelatin capsules right where Ace had said in the stomach lining of Attila. He pointed at the object and said with a soft timber. "That is the tiniest detergent pod in the world. That tiny pod is comprised of white colored washer machine cleaning detergent with a tea tiny speckle of blue beach."
"How was it made, Ace?"
He reached down and pulled out the tiny bag of white detergent liquid with the contaminated ear stick and the second bag with the broken home-made gelatin capsule and the regular detergent pod, holding both of the bags near his frown. "The murderess used a little girl's fake jewelry machine and rolled out a tube of heated gelatin tablets into a gooey puddle and then pressed out two halves of one single capsule, like a piece of candy. She constructed a new deadly weapon inserting the regular liquid detergent from a broken pod and then wrapped detergent inside a single gelatin capsule. She placed a few of the gelatin capsules down into a sweaty tumbler of sweet tea. Then my granddaddy consumed the contaminated tea during a social party at my house."
She nodded with a stern face and continued to display the tiny gelatin capsule in the air. "When your grandfather swallowed the sweet tea, he sucked down this tiny pod into his esophagus that traveled directly down through his pharynx, which the opening for food consumption. Then Attila started coughing and then gagging out loud from one of the lodged capsules, slapping his throat muscles, falling down on the floor. He stopped gagging and started suffocating, becasue the pod was lodged in the pharynx, not passing down into the stomach lining."
He dropped the bags on the floor and waved both of his hands in the air. "Wait! Wait! Wait! Teens, they performed the silly pod challenge for fun, all the time and they swallowed one of these detergent pods, which is much bigger than that one in your hand. Why did the pod murder my granddaddy? That doesn't make any sense, Amalia."
She nodded. "Yes, a silly teen did that by consuming lots of water or another liquid with the detergent pod. The pod easily went completely down the esophagus and inside the stomach lining. Then, if the pod didn't vomit back up the esophagus lining and ejected from the mouth, the teen died when the stomach acid juices bust open the pod with toxins spilling all over the stomach. In your grandfather's medical case, the murderess constructed the pod to lodge, not dodge the stomach lining, since this tiny pod resembles a real detergent pod. If this tiny pod had been found by the nurse or the physician, then the murderess would be arrested and trial for murder. However, based on the tiny physical form, I do believe that the murderer wanted to shake and rattle your grandfather, when he was in the hospital bed and semi-conscious with her desires or dreams. However, she failed, and Attila consumed this pod which fell down inside the stomach lining. If this pod is intact, then he swallowed a second pod which exploded inside his stomach lining, immediately contaminating all of his organs and affected his brain cells, like a toxin poison. A true detergent pod is poison for a human, an animal, and the earth soil. I am so sorry, Ace. You were correct when you thought that your grandfather had consumed a foreign substance. His medical physician should have preformed a simple X-ray film clearly seeing a strange black object inside his stomach and then could have removed by inducing vomiting or through a simple surgery procedure. I don't believe that the murderess intended to murder your grandfather based on her quick knowledge and quicker react ordering a cremation burial for Attila. However, I am puzzled about his state of indigent status. That is incorrect. Someone in the probate judge's office make a grave mistake, ordering and paying for a cremation with a wealthy and respected native of Mobile. Why was that concluded here, by the probate judge's office, Ace? I don't understand, Ace. Do you know why?"
He nodded. "I think all of the previous steps had been executed quickly to avoid a future crime from a future criminal, who would qualify for the gas chamber in the capital city of Montgomery next month."
She sneered at Ace. "Who is this murderess, Ace? I wanna know."
He winked. "I cannot answer that one."
She fumed and dropped the gelatin capsule down into her uniform pocket for hiding, which was evidence of cold blooded murder on Attila. However, Ace handled the revenge of his loved ones, differently as the ancient gossip went. "So, I am in the dark here."
He smiled. "Yes. I really appreciate your help here. You have solved the murder case."
"I wanna..."
"No, I will handle this matter, personally."
She frowned. "So, I just stand in the dark."
He nodded. "Yes, you do. The news will not be published in the newspapers or on the internet, but it will happen."
She looked down and reached out touching the blue tinted arm on Attila. "There was no hope for saving Attila's life, after he had consumed one or two of those tiny pods. But, the person, who cut a hole in Attila's throat, should receive a parade. He saved Attila and must have found that extra pod which dropped out from his throat on the floor. That person needs to study and become a physician, saving more lives.
He nodded. "I know that person and I should tell that person that a brilliant pathologist recommended the person go to medical school. Why do you do this, Amalia?"
she looked up and winked to Ace. "I like to help dead people."
He smiled. "All right! You landed in the right field of medicine. Now, I must go. Thanks for everything, Amalia! I really appreciate your smart brains and your dry deadly sense of humor. Am is supposed to do something, before I exit this room and this building, leaving you alone with the dead?"
"Tell me the murderess!"
"No."
She huffed in annoyance and then smiled at Ace. "Then, the answer is no. Enjoy your evening! I'll wrap up and sign out from my completed autopsy. However, will the murderess find and kill me, too, Ace?"
"Never!" He winked with a smile and looked down at the dead body. "Hey, dead body! You stink and you are not my granddaddy. He is in heaven and watching over me. So, good riddance and enjoy your quick burning." Ace scooted sideways with laughter and moved ahead, exiting the autopsy room, leaving the building. He drove back home while pondering his nice life with his future wife and his biological daughter. He had been angry and mad about the death of his granddaddy, but he always believed in the cycle of life and death. The death act was the mysterious of one's fate.
Magritte had murdered his granddaddy. Now, her cycle of life and death was about to end also.
Life is still a mystery." He arrived home to find console his two upset girls, softly explaining the fact of death, until the two females fell asleep in-between his body on top of the long sofa. He didn't realize a young teenager and a young adult could cry so much rolling wet tears that soaked two short-sleeved tee shirts and both of his biceps. He left them only to piss and shit once while changing his wet clothes, wearing a pair of ratty walking shorts, and a pair of bare feet.
He toted each female up the staircase and down into their personal bed mattress for a restful evening of grieve and sorrow. Ace exhaled with worry for his two girls, after slowly climbing back down, landing on top of the first floor, accepting the death of his grandfather.
No human lives forever, which is Almighty God's rule, not a human rule.
However, Ace believed that each human served a purpose here on the planet. His grandfather lived a long, happy life and influenced many people, including his own grandson. He left his two girls, who he loved very much and strolled into the kitchen consuming a midnight snack with a hunger stomach. No matter his disposition of life or death or happy or sad or man or joy, his stomach needed attention. He finished the snack and left the mess for the bonded, licensed, and paid house staff that would come on Friday morning and clean before the late afternoon bridal shower.
He moaned. "The bridal shower, can I really face all of these people and act happy about my upcoming event, without my granddaddy and my nasty step-grandmother?" Ace performed a soft evil laugh and slid off the high stool spinning around from the high bar, yawning with sleep. He moseyed through the kitchen, the living room, and climbed the staircase, sliding down into bed with Fawn, who was sound asleep, but wore a red-tinted slightly swollen face from all of her sad crying.
Tomorrow is another day as quoted from pretend girl Scarlett O'Hara in the fictional book entitled Gone with the Wind.
Ace thought Scarlett was a spoiled brat and then a selfish owner and finally a bitch looking after her own interests sacrificing others that got in her way. But she learned and lived through the terrible Civil War in the book. Thus, his two females were learning that life sucked, sometimes, and you needed to make an ice cold pitcher of sweet lemonade getting through the bumps of the day and the night.
Thursday, July 4th
America's birthday


Attila’s Hut 
Master bedroom setting 
06:04 a.m. 


In the summertime weather, the sunrise rays rose at 6:04 a.m. Ace had awoken before sunrise and stared in the darkness of the bedroom, while pondering an active day with a set of deadly and happy results by evening. He wiggled side to side in eagerness, anxiousness, and anticipation, sliding side to side and then rolled off the bed mattress, standing upright on the floor, smiling down at a sleeping Fawn.
Ace loves her so much and can't wait to marry her, spending the rest of his days and nights with her, traveling around the world, watching his teenage daughter grow into an adult.
On top of the wooden floor, beside the bed mattress, Ace reached down on the night stand surface and grabbed his personal mobile telephone, checking for any new text messages, without seeing one. He exhaled with nervousness and scooted around the bed frame, padding into the large closet room, gathering clothes, exiting the closet space and left the bedroom suit. He slowly climbed down each step while pondering the upcoming planned daily events. He had a minor role in the upcoming event but couldn't sit still to enjoy the moment. His two girls were still asleep and then would awaken recalling the death of Samuel Attila Smith, Junior and then still sobbing with hot tears of sorrow again.
He stopped on top of the floor and dressed in a sky blue tinted, short-sleeved tee shirt, a pair of tan colored walking shorts, and a pair of naked feet, pocketing the phone down into one of the trousers pockets, slowly shuffling into the kitchen and then stopped in front of the food pantry. He reached inside and pulled out a jar of peanut butter, a stack of crackers, shifting to the refrigerator, grabbing the milk jug, taking all of the items towards the high bar. He prepared thick globs of peanut butter over the bottom of each cracker, crowning the creation with a single, gently smashing the brown tinted together for a juicy delight. He ate three of his delight creations and then chugged milk from the jar mouth as sweet milk only was consumed by Ace. Gem and Fawn sipped on cups of fat free milk.
He ate until his flat stomach lining was lifted and filled with food, sliding off the high bar stool, spinning around, padding to the wash sink and washed his dirty hands with soap and water, drying them on the cloth kitchen towel. He dropped the used towel on top of the countertop.
Ace felt restless and wanted to do something, but he didn't know what to do or say or act or invent. He wasn't interested in watching any television program or reading the electronic world news or reading a hard copy book or playing a fun game on the stationary game machine inside the den room. He greatly desired to leave his home and visit Magritte, who slept alone inside the mansion last night, while the dead body of his grandfather slept inside the morgue building on Government Street. Magritte had not called to inform Ace that his grandfather was being burning up in a cremator furnace burial today either. No matter, Ace had accessed the electronic agenda on the internet web page for the local cremator and find out the burning time was scheduled at seven am sharp, so the workers from the cremator could enjoy the Fourth of July holiday festivals and celebration of America's continuous birthday.

At 06:54 am, he growled in fury and paced around the wooden floor, looking for a pair of flip-flops, finding the items, slipping over each naked foot, balling up both of his hands in angry. He was going to go and visit Magritte, breaking down the front door, finding her sleepy body and then strangled the woman. Then he would figure out what to do with the dead body next. He exited the house through the kitchen door really quietly and slipped outside, sneaking around his own house, padding to the front facade and entered his pickup truck. He never locked his pickup truck and kept the fog key inside the cab along with his wallet. If a robber tried to enter his truck or steal his possession, he or she would see the wrong end of a cold barrel from his hand gun and then peacefully sleep until the Second Coming of Jesus Christ. Amen!
He wiggled down in the driver's seat and pressed the gasoline pedal without touching the ignition button, pondering his silly move. He whispered. "Yeah, she knows the color and design of my personal pickup truck. I can't drive my truck to her house, then she will flee from my nimble finger bones and escape into the wilderness. I don't wanna chase her ass into the woodlands. So, I need another transport. Yeah, I know," he exited the truck and dashed ahead towards the side wall on his house, displaying a row of six individual white tinted garage doors, entering the side door with a smile, strutting into the garage space and stopped beside a red-tinted motorcycle. He reached down and patted the motorcycle, "Yeah, this will work nicely. I haven't ridden this baby in months, but a true biker doesn't forget." He slid over the tan colored seat and pressed the gears, placing the wheels in neutral. He didn't want the loud racket of the metal gears on an opening the garage door and then loud roar from his motorcycle to awaken his two princesses. They needed their slumber until it was time for the cremator funeral at eight o'clock, this morning.
He slid off the seat and slowly rolled the machine over the smooth garage floor, through the open side door, over the manicured grass, and stopped near the driveway. He parked the bike and checked the tires, the gears, and the gas tank, like the driver's manual instructed before a biker trip around the corner or into the horizon. The tires were inflated. The gears worked and the tank held smelly gasoline.
He frowned. "Now, that's a scary thought. The gas tank still holds a metal compartment of flammable substance near my living room setting in 100 degree heat." Ace didn't bother bringing his wallet with his valid photo driver's license identification. He didn't want to leave evidence for the true murderess as a false murderer. He started to roll the motorcycle over the driveway and away from the front of the house, strolling several yards from the edge of the manicured lawn, without perturbing the peaceful heated morning, and then stopped the march. He wiped sweat off his brow and sucked down the motorcycle helmet over his bone skull, which as a state law and a great disguise. He laughed out loud. "Sir, the murderer wore a motorcycle helmet." Ace chuckled again and slid over the seat, cranking the cold engine, hearing the roar of power, letting the engine warm for a few seconds. He wiggled side to side getting comfortable on the seat and pressed the handle bars, getting familiar with the cockpit of the machine.

At 07:16 am, he slowly steered ahead in the peacefully morning like an old man, instead of an arrogant teenager. Attila's mansion was one mile or 5,280 feet from the front porch on Ace's house, so Ace would arrive at the next residential driveway in four minutes or less at ten miles-per-hour. Ace laughed out loud with his greatest accomplishment, the murder of a murderess.

Four minutes later, at 07:20 am, in the blistering day of sunlight, Ace slowly steered the loud muffin on the red tinted motorcycle closer to the concrete driveway at Attila's mansion and then gasped in shock inside the enclosed motorcycle helmet while spying on Magritte.
At the edge of the concrete slab, in the short patch of green weeds, a tall, slender male squatted down on the ground, pounding a sign down into the brown dirt. Ace continued to drive at a steady pace like one of the nice neighbor adults, who sometimes used the Ansley Lane roadway to access Chelsea Lane visiting friends or family members. The sign displayed in big bold letters: For Sale by Owner.
Ace gagged in alarm inside the comfort of the helmet and released the handle pedal, slightly slowing his pacing speed on the bike, waving his free hand to the male and then Magritte. She stood a few feet from the squatted male and waved both of her arms in the air while instructing the male with the sign exhibition.
Magritte was selling the mansion, without reading the Last Will and Testimony document from the lawyer on Monday morning. However, Ace was still shocked and surprised with the understanding that Magritte had created a fake Last Will and Testimony document with a forged signature from a deceased Samuel Attila Smith, in order, to collect all of the bank account monies and the land properties, which was worth millions of dollars, US.
However, the true Last Will and Testimony was housed in a secret tiny drawer on the bottom of one of the two metal filing cabinets inside the den room of Attila's mansion.
On top of the ugly concrete driveway, in front of the grand manor, Magritte wore a lovely peach tinted ankle-length dress, a pair of matching short sandals, and a matching floppy hat that covered her wrinkled pale-colored face and golden colored hair strands, returning her hand wave with a nod and a smile back to the nice biker, who obeyed the speed limit and lived somewhere between Chelsea Drive on the eastern side of the Ansley Lane roadway and the western side of a different city street named Tudor Lane.
Ace was the only other occupant in the other residential house that lived on Ansley Lane and he was home with his future bride and his biological daughter in the bed, sleeping through the Fourth of July celebrations. Ace never participated in any fun social event given by the Mobilian society of gentle belles and gentlemen, preferring to work like a slave and play like a redneck. 
Magritte dropped her hand and her smile, huffing in annoyance of the heated day. She hoped that some person would be interested in buying the mansion, really soon, maybe today, if she could get lucky. Then, she would leave the seaport of Mobile and purchase a smaller house in the town of Coral Gables in the southern part of US State of Florida, getting away from the snobby southern belles and bossy southern gentlemen, leading a solitary life, without seeing Ace or any of his kinfolks again.
Ace continued to steer the motorcycle and dropped his naked hand back onto the handler bar, like one of the conservative mannerly neighbors, who was gently riding around the neighborhood on a blistering heated day for some peace and cool air waves. He continued to drive around the curvy roadway, alone and without other traffic vehicles, hitting Chelsea Drive. He continued down the roadway at a safe speed and pondered the new information within his active mind.
Magritte was selling the manor. Ace didn't know the money amount or the recent house market situation regarding home buyers. The house was paid, without a mortgage note or a bank lien on the land and wilderness property, so Magritte would receive all of the monies minus the broker's fee and the lawyer's fee. Ace could not allow that to happen and pondered a new plot to stop Magritte, safely driving on Chelsea Drive, reaching the opposite end of the city street and then spotted one of the numerous fast-food restaurants, slowly pulling into the parking lot. He parked the motorcycle and killed the engine, slipping out the helmet, feeling the windy breeze over his sweaty face. He pondered his next move and whispered for his eardrums only, watching the traffic and the people. "She can't sale the house; the real estate doesn't belong to her. The house belongs to me. What to do? What is my next move? Well, she is looking for a buyer. I should go back and offer a bag of cash money for the house. No! I own the house anyways. She is the murderess and cannot get away with the vicious crime of murdering my grandfather. What to do? What to do?" He wiped off the sweat and nodded with an evil laugh, whipping out his personal mobile telephone, lifting the device into his sweaty face. He waited and heard the connection, hearing the sweet voice. "Hey, sweetheart! Do you wanna murder someone for me?"
He laughed and listened to the response from the female voice from the other end of the private, hopefully, not recorded by the US Federal Government, telephone call. He smiled. "I'm joking. I'm kidding. But, do you wanna buy a 180-year-old antebellum house?" He listened to the words on the other end of the connection from the female and then laughed out loud. "I thought so, too. Go and get stacks of 500-dollar bills totaling five million dollars, US, from my secret bank account." He laughed at her response over the phone lines. "How many 500-dollar bills comprises five million dollars, US? Well, the math number of five million divided by the math number of five hundred equals 10,000. So, your answer is 10,000 individual 500-dollar bills. So, bring a big money bag! Get the money and then go to 6668 Ansley Lane." He smiled. "Yes, that is Attila's old house. Magritte is selling the property against my will. No, she can't really do that. But that's where you come into the program. Go and rent a limousine and dress like a lady redneck with no class or manners but ditch the cussing and the bubble gum. A lady does not cuss or chew bubble chew. You can act out the rest of your pretend girly character that way you want. Then you and your pretend ego go and buy that house for cash money from Magritte." He laughed out loud while hearing the reply from the female. "I agree. But she will sell that house for a bag of cold hard cash money. I promise. But, go to house later in the afternoon, right before suppertime meal, so she is drooling her mouth salvia over the bag of money. Then, buy the house and watch her leave inside her limousine." He laughed out loud from her new remarks. "That's a brilliant plan. Do it, too it! Can you have the house? No! That’s my house. Anyways, you are moving out into the country with your stray canines and cats. What am I going to do with two houses? I don't know. I will ponder that issue later, after Gritty has gone literally, from my life and the earth plane. Yeah, I’ve contacted God already. He’s ready for her. Get going! I'll see you later in the evening also. How is the first plot working out?" He smiled while listening to her words. "You're the best. I love you, too. This will be our last hurray! Good luck, Ikko!" He dropped the phone and smiled with the new plan, starting the engine, steering out from the parking lot, pacing back Chelsea Lane to his own house, without any suspicious from Magritte of the second plan.
The daylight hours and heated day would make for a long time period for an eager, anxious, and nervous Ace, who only knew the final plan. He would go back home and comfort his two princesses while mentally preparing for planned cremation funeral of his deceased grandfather. He was feeling alone and lonely with a heavy heart and a mind of empty thoughts, already missing his warm and happy granddaddy's presence here on Planet Earth and inside his house.
Death is permanent until the next reincarnation cycle.
Ace believes in the concept of reincarnation. A person lives down here on the earth plane as a good or bad human and then dies as a good or bad human. The soul is pure and light, not harm and evil. The soul leaves the human bio-shell and ascends into the heavenly plane and visits with all of the other old and new souls having a good time inside heaven. Then the soul accepts a new human assignment from the Prime Creator coming back down to the earth plane for another round of fun or lousy time. The cycle is repeated and rinsed, until the Prime Creator finally decides the fate of all of his children here on the planet.
Ace does not know what the timeline is. He only wants to participate and help other humans, including some of the aliens, if they desire peace and joy.

At 07:48 am, among the bright sunlight, the motorcycle was the only vehicle on the roadway, curving the street, riding steadily on Ansley Lane, viewing the house and then the sign. Magritte was not presence outside. but her rented tan colored limousine was parked at the front porch, so she was home waiting for a buyer to purchase the house. Ace was not really worried about a true buyer for the ancient mansion. A large money transaction took days, not minutes and the buyer would want home inspections on the house. Thus, Magritte would never sell the mansion during a holiday weekend. Every citizen in the U.S.A. was at home grilling hamburgers and hotdogs or at the ocean beach swimming in the warm waters of the Gulf of Mexico or sleeping late in their bed matter with their day off while celebrating America's birthday their way.

At 07:52, Ace stopped several yards from his manicured lawn and killed the engine, sliding off the sweaty seat, rolling the dead motorcycle back into the shaded garage building, parking the bike. He dusted off the dirt and sweat, walking through the garage space, entering back into the kitchen and then halted. The current time was close to eighth o'clock in the morning and the house was still quiet, without the noisy sobs from the two women or the rustling noises from the same two women. He exhaled with worry and slowly moved ahead, slapping his flip-flop onto each wooden step, needing to awaken the two sleeping princesses for the upcoming road trip to the local cremator building at nine o'clock, this morning, seeing a long, rectangular-shaped, lightweight, paper-coated cardboard which held his deceased granddaddy's fleshy dried body. Then, they would all wait the box burn while feeling really shitty for the rest of the day.
Suppertime has a specific time of purpose both within the Old and New South era. The eating event is the period of the daylight hours, when a southern family eats their meal together, at the dining room table, which is the late part of the afternoon at four pm or the early part of the evening at 5:00 p.m. Historically, the first recorded event of suppertime occurred in the year 1325 A.D. Suppertime comes from Middle English word, soper tyme.

Eight hours later, which was the equivalent of a work day for the worker, at 04:04 pm, among the bright sunlight of a blistering heated day, a shiny clean silver-tinted limousine drove by the three-story mansion on Ansley Lane, without stopping, steering over Chelsea Lane. Then, at 04:07 pm, after using a private circular driveway on another residential house, slowly spinning around, driving back on Chelsea Lane, the same limousine steered down Ansley Lane, slowing the speed, pulling onto a solid concrete driveway and parked directly in front of the six concrete steps that led onto a front porch with four massive columns, without a shaded veranda, but displayed a for sale sign that stabbed the brown dirt even with the city street pavement.
The driver of the limousine did not kill the engine but kept the motor running in the heated day, blowing out cold air from the six car vents into the enclosed cab and rear compartment. He opened the door and slid onto the driveway surface, scooting ahead, and then stopped, opening the rear compartment door.  A tall, slender young adult female stored her hand gun down inside the secret compartment on the floor board for safety, shuffling from the center of the seat, sliding off a white colored bench and stood on top of the concrete driveway, examining the grand house with a smile, wearing a pair of cut-off blue jeans, a pair of pink and white cowgirl boots, a pink tinted sleeveless blouse with a column of cute tiny bows, a white tinted belt with a silver tinted rodeo buckle, and a pink tinted floppy hat that covered her red tinted hair strands, and a pair of green tinted irises. She removed a pair of sunglasses and them the item down onto the bench seat, dangling a white tinted bag from her collar bone, marching ahead and stomped each concrete step in rhythm. She stopped in front of the magnificent set of double doors in dark green metal hue. She reached over and pressed the door bell that chimed a manly baritone bong as the metal door material would chap her naked knuckles. She leaned an eardrum onto the warm metal door, not hearing any loud commotion sounds inside the foyer setting, which was a good sign. The house was well-built for a living human with or without the she-ghosts.
A few moments later, one of the grand metal doors swung open and revealed a sour face on an elderly woman, wearing a peach-tinted long dress with a pair of matching low-heeled sandals.
The young adult female greeted first and waved both of her arms in the air. "Howdy do! Are you the misses of the mansion? My name is Marigold Joy, not Jo. I am Marigold Joy. I saw your sign. I'm here in town looking for a grand mansion."
Magritte continued to stare with a stern face at the young adult, who was dressed like a crop farmer's daughter and spoke with a true hillbilly accent. She cleared her throat. "Yes, my house is ready for a market purchase."
"How much is the grand place? I used to live, well, I still live in Brewton, Alabama. Do you know where Brewton, Alabama is?"
Magritte faked a smile. "No, I do not."
"Well, that don't matter. Well, my daddy and my mama and me owns a chicken farm up there."
Magritte exhaled with annoyance. "You reside on a poultry farm."
She nodded with a smile and whipped the heavy shoulder bag from her collar bone, dropping down on top of the front porch surface. "Our little chicken farm started out small and then all of these businesses wanted fresh chicken meat. We sell to all the food business our fresh chicken meat. Do you like chicken? I like to eat chicken, even thou they torment and then chop off..."
"Yes, I enjoy a poultry meal also. Are you really interested in purchasing a house, today, young miss?"
She nodded with a smile. "Yeah, I wanna buy a true anti-belle house like I saw in Hollywood movie film called Gone with the Windy. Back in Brewton, we don't have anti-belle houses, like this one. I have dreamed all of my life to live like Scarlet O'Hare." She laughed with a silly giggle.
Magritte frowned. "She is a fictional character."
"And I have dreamed all of my live to live in an anti-belle house, like Tater."
Magritte continued to sneer. "That house is a fictional character too."
She nodded her bone skull several times and slowly spun around, viewing the driveway, completing the circle and smiled at Magritte. "Well, I have found my Tater."
Magritte exhaled with annoyance. "If you are really interested in purchasing the house, the purchase price is..."
She winked. "I got a bag of cash. My daddy and my mama don't believe in credit cards or checks or electronic checks. I got a bag of cash only. Is that okay to buy a house with cash, ma'am?"
Magritte exhaled with frustration. "Cash is an acceptable means for purchasing a house. This house is priced at ..."
"I got five million dollars, US, inside my bag, down here at my booted feet," she smiled and kicked the designer bag with the money. "The bills are in stack of 500-hundred dollar bills too. There are 10,000 bills that show the math number of 500. Ain't that a hoot! The bank took four hours to get me that bag of cash."
Magritte gasped in shock and held her wrinkled throat, clearing her throat, displaying an evil grin to the young hillbilly female. "Well, that is quite amazing. And that is so wonderful. My house is priced at five million dollars, U.S. Isn't convenient for you and me, today, right here and right now, on this lovely street?"
She frowned and then nodded several times with a grin. "Well, I guess so. I got five million dollars, U.S. You want the five million dollars, U.S. So, what do I do next?"
"Come right inside my house, young lady!" Magritte scooted backwards and opened the door wider, allowing heated air into the foyer, spinning around to face the center table. On top of the table, the flower arrangement had been replaced with a short stack of papers in white hue. She shuffled ahead and scooted around the edge, stopping on the opposite side, lifting up the first page on the stack of papers. She waved the form in the air and explained with a smile."This is a bill of sale, which is a funny word for buying an asset."
Marigold Joy picked up the heavy bag of money, followed the back spine on the old woman and then stopped, in front of the table, dropping the bag down on the floor, scanning the contents. She looked up and frowned at Magritte. "Huh!"
Magritte smiled. "This single sheet of paper tells that you wanna buy this house, from me, and I wanna sell this house, to you." Magritte handed the female the form and smiled. "You print and sign your name and the date on the black tinted line on the bottom first. Then, I print and sign my name and the today's date on the second black line on the bottom next. Then, you give me the bag of money and you are the owner of this house. That's it!"
Marigold Joy frowned. "That's it! I only sign my name on this form..."
"... plus hand over the money bag of five million dollars, U.S. We need to sign two forms. One form is for you and the second form is for me." She reached down and grabbed a second form, lifting up the ink pen, signing the correct line and waved the form near her smile while nodding to the silly, young and naive farm girl. She handed two forms to the young adult with a southern belle giggle.
Marigold Joy giggled with silliness and bounced up and down, leaning down, grabbing one of the blue-tinted ink pens, signing both of the forms on the other black tinted line her name: Marigold Joy. She dropped the pen and handed the two forms back to Magritte. 
Magritte accepted the two forms and signed the other form, handing on the completed forms to the female, smiling with happiness. "The house transaction is complete. That form tells that you now own the house. And I am leaving immediately your house with the cash bag. You can move inside your house, at any time, even today, if that is possible for you. I have already removed all of my personal possessions from the house. O! By the way, you can have all of the interior furniture settings and all of the furnishings which comes with the house. I do not need a piece of furniture, where I am going. On this center table, there is a small white tinted paper pouch with a set of house keys. Right now, the house is locked except for the front door. I will leave you and your house and take the bag of cash. Tat! Tat!" Magritte kept one of the forms with both of the legal signatures, in case of a legal incident regarding the estate sale of the house, if Ace was curious or nosy about the real estate transaction. Magritte was not a fool. Ace was a licensed lawyer and currently a military judge with plenty of law, legal, and police experience, that could see their illegal act and connect the local law authorities for any type of illegal or criminal action.
She scooted around the edge of the table with a smile, stopped, and then squatted down, grabbing the strap on the bag of cash, gasping in breathes. "O dear! This bag is heavy!"
Marigold Joy folded the bill of sale and placed down into the side pocket on her left cowgirl boot, reaching out, grabbing the handle on the heavy bag. "Let me get that for you, Miss Magritte. You're a frail thing. I'm a strong cowgirl," she lifted up the bag and smiled at Magritte. "Where are you going with this bag?"
Magritte slowly stood upright and heard a set of popping bones from her elderly body, exhaling with annoyance of her advanced years, pointing at the front door, which was still open. She slowly moved ahead of the young female and explained her next move while flopping the peach tinted floppy hat over her shiny golden hair roots, covering both of her sensitive eyeballs with a pair of dark sunglasses. "Thank you so much! I am leaving right now and moving to the side shed that holds my limousine. If you can place that heavy bag on top of the hard shed floor, my driver will take it and place it inside the trunk." She exited the house and slowly moved down each concrete step that rattled her teeth and her bones, cursing the heated weather and the hard pavement on her tender feet. She didn't understand why her dear departed Attila didn't build a garage building beside the house. He did possess enough monies for a garage building.
She slowly padded across the hard pavement and entered the tiny shed, seeing her rented limousine with the engine running and the cool air-conditioning working inside the compartment. She stopped beside the rear door waiting on the driver.
Marigold Joy followed Magritte out from the house and locked the front door with the door key, moving down the steps towards the tiny shed and then stopped, standing beside the opposite rear door, reaching out, opening the heavy door. She dropped the bag of money on the floor mat and then looked up, turning to wink at the chauffeur. "Hi there, Mr. Chauffeur. I'm Marigold Joy. I'm dropping off the luggage for Miss Magritte. Have a nice day, now!" She stood upright from the bench seat and turned with a smile, nodding to Magritte, who continued to face yard and the house. She shouted out loud and waved her hand, "Well, that ends our business transaction for the day, Miss Magritte. You have a new...nice life now." She spun around and slowly exited the tiny shed, leaving the running limousine and Magritte. The driver slowly scooted out from the driver's seat and leaned over, opening the rear door for its owner.
Wearing her floppy hat and her pair of sunglasses, she sneered at the rear skull on her driver. "I am the owner here, not you. Next time, you hustle your ass faster for me. Else, I'll be paying another driver to tarry me around the town." The driver only nodded in silence standing upright and watched Magritte.
She slid down into the bench seat with a loud huff of annoyance, getting wet in her nice dress, sliding into the middle of the compartment seat. The chauffeur closed the heavy door and then returned back into the driver's seat, slowly reversing the transportation, leaving the home driveway and the house, steering down Ansley Lane, disappearing into the bright sunlight rays.
Marigold Joy raced ahead with joy and slid down into the open door, scooting into the middle of the bench seat, placing an arm around the tall male. "Well, we did it, Julius! Now, we all are going to the hospital. Ain't that right, Dr. Sam?" She leaned over and patted the arm on Sam Germer, who was sitting in the center of the bench set and securely tied with a set of soft cloths, without harm, restricting all of his arm and leg movements from escaping the car and running away from Ikko and Julius.
Julius was the pretend chauffeur and slowly steered the rented limousine off the concrete driveway of Attila's manor, wearing with a smile in silent, heading down Ansley Lane towards Mobile Hospital.
Same day, same city, different time....


Mobile Hospital location

Heated air temperatures with bright sunlight
No rain clouds. No snow clouds.
Cloud cover 2 percent
Wind at 3 miles-per-hour, SW
Visibility 10 miles

Fourth floor setting
Operating room suite number seven


The late afternoon was filled with joyous American citizens throughout the country enjoying the heated water at the pool, the back yard barbecues, the natural waves at the local ocean beach, not standing inside an ice cold enclosed operating suite at the Mobile Hospital campus.

Thirty minutes later, at 04:58 pm, Ace stood in the center of an ice cold operating suite on the fourth floor of the Mobile Hospital, which killed all of the deadly air-borne germs. The suite displayed four dull-looking walls with pale-blue tinted paint, within a huge square-shaped space.
Before arriving here at the cold operating room, Ace had kissed the forehead on his daughter and escorted her to a limousine, whisking her back to the city of Orange Beach for celebrating the rest of the Fourth of July holiday. Ace wanted Gem happy, not sad. Her high school friends were there with a set of very responsible parents ensuring safety for the teens, providing a cheery atmosphere for Gem, instead of mopping around the house in tears.
On top of the white tinted tile floor, Ace wore a set of surgical clothes in pale blue hue, consisting of a body gown and a pair of foot booties over his regular clothes, staring with deep worry at a single upright metal chair in dull silver hue that resembled a dentist's chair, but not really. 
The metal chair was surrounded by a circular metal stand with numerous pieces of hospital medical equipment pieces and medical supplies, such like, bandages, needles, scalpels, probes, and cotton pads. The head rest was slightly tilted for a dentist examination, but not really. The upright operating chair resided underneath a row of bright lamps with a creepy a robotic machine of numerous metal arms dangling over a yellow tinted surgery cap that covered the unconscious medical patient.
Fawn had been sedated at her home by Ace, without knowledge of the upcoming surgery procedure inside one of the empty operating suites on her fibrosis-coated voice folds, protecting her sensitive emotions, if the medical procedure failed. Then, she would experience only sore throat symptoms, like the common cold, not another broken heart.
The closed door on the same operating suit opened and revealed a tall, slender male, who wore a set of yellow tinted surgery gears including the hair cap, the face mask, the hand gloves, the body gown, and the feet booties that protected his street clothes and the patient from germs, blood splatters, and other bodily fluids during a surgical procedure. He stopped and stood a few feet from Ace, sneering at the unknown male. "I am here..."
"...to fix her voice folds. I know about you, Dr. Sam. You are the talented surgeon. She is the willing patient. You do your thing and fixe her vocal folds. Then you can leave in peace and harmony, once your medical job is done." Ace spoke and stared at his girl Fawn with extremely worry. He had been talked into allowing a hostile medical physician to use a dangerous laser tool and operate on Fawn. But this was her only chance at regaining her natural voice. The procedure was relatively harmless. The results were extremely valuable. Another physician could perform the same medical procedure, if you could find that talented surgeon to perform a delicate operation.
Directly behind Sam, a tall, slender female, with a head of red tinted hair, a pair of green tinted irises, and a tone of pink skin, wore a pale blue tinted surgery gown and head, face, and hand gear also, pointing the cold barrel of her personal hand gun at his back spine, threatening a bloody death act, if the talented physician disobeyed Ace's orders. The female was named Ikko and one of Ace's Resources.
A few feet back from a stationary Ikko, a tall, muscular male was disguised in a duplicate pale-blue surgical gear that covered his entire face and body also and entered the open door, strutting ahead towards the back spine on Ikko, stopped and stood beside Ikko, pulling out his personal hand gun. He pointed the cold barrel at the back spine on Sam Germer MD watching the talented physician, in silence. His name was Streg and the second Resource for Ace.
From the open archway, an elderly woman moved there the doorway and wore a yellow tinted set of surgical gear that matched Sam Germer MD, displaying a black tinted blindfold over both of her eyeballs and a pair of soft binders on her pair of twisted wrist bones which rested behind her back spine. A tall, extremely large male slowly shoved the elderly woman into the operating suite room and wore a pale-blue tinted set of surgical gear that matched the scrub gear of Ikko and Streg. He gently guided the elderly woman with the blindfold towards a single chair bright blue metal with a padded cushion for her ass. She sat down and huffed in annoyance, wiggling he ass into the thin cushion, hearing the voice of the familiar person, Ace Smith.
In the middle of the operating room suite, Ace continued to stand and stared at his girl Fawn. Fawn wore a long pale blue tinted hospital gown underneath a pile of white tinted warm blankets over her stationary body. Her head was tilted backwards and rested on a large cushion. Her mouth was propped open, where dripping wet streams from her drooling saliva flowed down her jaw line and hit her chest and as she was ready for the upcoming operation.
Ace pointed at Fawn. "Are we ready, Ikko?"
Ikko shoved the back spine on Sam and shuffled both of them towards dentist-like operating chair, stopping beside metal stand. She said. "Yes, we are ready, Ace."
Sam sneered at the patient, not Ace. "Now, I know your name, Ace. I am going to leave here and contact the Mobile FBI and police force tattling my kidnapping tale and arrest you and all of your friends, including this young lady, who is really a victim here."
Ikko laughed out loud and then smiled inside the face mask. "Dr. Sam, please do not threaten another innocent party. Now, I would like to explain the condition of your patient. She is sedated and posed for the laser surgery procedure. Her mouth has been propped open and will not move for the surgery. The laser beam machine is ready, and the arm is located on the robotic machine above your covered hair roots for your surgery procedure. On your right side, there is a still X-ray film of her coated voice folds, in 3D for review. On the left side, the monitor screen is live and displays the interior of esophagus walls within her throat. There is a tiny camera that is mounted on her tongue fold, which is stationary, that will record your laser treatment. Even I can see the coated hardened liquid on her voice folds. But, of course, I am not the lead surgeon. As you start to stream the laser beam, her hardened coating will turn into a gaseous puff of tiny steam of wet particles and drift out from her mouth, into your eyeballs. Thus, here is a special pair of eye glasses with a tiny pair of windshield wipers. Just say. I will press the remote control button on the table slot and start up the tiny pair of windshield wipers over each smooth glass lenses for you to see and finish the surgery. We are ready. You can start at your convenience. We have the operating suite, until midnight," she softly giggled. "I estimate the surgery operation will take..."
Sam turned and sneered at Ikko. "If you know all the steps, then you perform the surgery procedure, young miss. I am here against my will. I will not help here. I will not perform the medical procedure. I refuse. Now, what are you going to do, to me, Mr. Ace? Kill me! Are you going to murder me in cold blood in front of your friends, because that is the only solution here for me? I refuse to help you or you or you or you or you or you."
Ace laughed out loud and spun around from the operating chair, studying the elderly woman in the padded chair. "Gritty, welcome to the Ice Age. You are located inside an ice cold operating surgery suite of local hospital, if you didn't guess your chilly location already. However, you are going into surgery. You are going into the grave, six feet deep, and three feet wide, living the rest of your days with the maggots, worms, and cockroaches. I brought you here, well, I didn't bring you here. I guess you were shocked when you were locked inside that limousine and couldn't open the door. Because, that is my personal limousine with locks on the outside the rear doors for capturing a murderess. I know that you know that you murdered my granddaddy. Because I know that you didn't know that I found one of your newly created gelatin capsules. That particular gelatin capsule fell out from the throat opening during his emergency tracheotomy on the patio floor, at my house. And I also found a tiny wet sample of detergent mixtures around the shower drain of the stall, where you poured the substance down the shower floor and the same lavatory spot, where you had closed off the single air conditioning vent to produce a sterile environment, making your deadly gelatin capsules for my granddaddy. Yup! I have all of the physical smelly and wet evidence too, coming from my granddaddy's house. So, I found you guilty of cold-blooded murder and I also sentence you to death by my hand, but your death act will not be performed here." Magritte was tied, blindfolded, and gagged by a set of soft cloths wiggling in the chair with nervousness, mumbling with soft sounds, without her string of nasty threats to Ace. He laughed out loud. "Come down, Gritty! I am not finished with your death sentencing. O! I saw that you placed a For Sale sign near the roadway and then sold the house. Well, that house belonged to me, not you. I also found the forged name of my granddaddy, your name as heir, and the fake Last Will and Testimony legal document when I was illegally searching my granddaddy's house. But that house belongs to me, so I was not illegally searching anything inside my house on Ansley Lane. The true Last Will and Testimony legal document is located inside a hidden drawer in the den room. So, you didn't inherit anything as the true Last Will and Testimony legal document had been updated the day after your legal wedding to my granddaddy, who excluded you from his will and his assets. Also, your fake and forged Last Will and Testimony, not really signed by my granddaddy, also excluded you from his will and his assets," Ace laughed out loud and then smirked at the elderly woman. Magritte started to wiggle faster side to side with confusion and frustration in her bonds without sneering and spitting at Ace.
He smiled. "Let me explain and clarify that legal statement. But, first, I am a little confused and surprised here. Every wealthy asshole here in the USA places their millions or billions in a trust account, for protection and safety, like money is more important than a single human life form. But that is a different subject matter. Of course, you know what a trust account is. You're a millionaire too. Well, the Smith family owns a trust account. A trust account is shared by one or more family members of the same clan. The Smith family trust account includes me, my granddaddy, my daughter Gem, and my future wife Fawn, where all the monies go and all of the assets including houses, automobiles, land property, airplanes, buildings, businesses, and the like is shared by the family members. However, Attila removed his name from the Smith family trust fund the day before he married your ass and became Mrs. Smith. Because my Attila was a lawyer also and he didn't want you grabbing the fine china bone dishes and silverware, after he died. Thus, Attila owned nothing. Nada. Zero. Once his name was removed from the Smith family trust account, I paid all of his personal invoices as a loving grandson. And I own all of the Smith family assets, including the cars, planes, trains, houses, woodlands, furniture pieces, and his clothes. Thus, whether you execute the fake or the true Last Will and Testimony legal document in a court of law in front of a judge, you get nothing. Nada. Zero. In the legal document, Attila did not list out any of his assets, becasue he does not own any assets. The trust account owns all of the assets and money accounts. Well, I hope I have run that topic down into the mud. Now, you placed a For Sale sign, and you did sell my house," he whipped out a single sheet of paper and waved it in the air. "My associate named Marigold Joy came to you and purchased my house, from you, using my monies, which did nothing to my bank account. However, you have committed fraud, perjury, robbery, and a slew of other illegal crimes against my real ass and my real estate, which makes you a true blue criminal. I should release your ass and then go to the police station and get your ass arrested and then take your ass to court, tossing your ass in jail, for many, many decades. But I'm going to be a nice guy and personally murder you ass, out of revenge for the cold blooded murder of my sweet granddaddy. Then I will be much, much better, and you will be much, much dead. Okay! I'm done with legal law lecture here. Ikko, shove Dr. Sam into his medical role and fix the broken voice cords on Fawn. O, Magritte! I have allowed your nasty presence here inside this ice cold operating suite to hear, not see my girl Fawn. Dr. Sam is a talented medical surgery, who is going to cure Fawn, so she can talk with her natural timber."
Sam turned from Magritte and sneered at Ace. "No! I am not going to do anything, for you or her. I have been brought here against my will along with that elderly lady. When I leave here, I will report this entire incident to the police. Then you will be arrested and convicted and sent to prison for decades and decades and decades."
Ikko stood beside Sam and stared at his nose profile, without wearing the face mask, exhaling with intrigue. "Well, everyone is confessing or confusing. So, I wanna confess or confuse here," she giggled with silliness. I was assigned to follow Fawn as I am her invisible protector when she is away from Ace or the house. I followed Fawn around the town since Monday morning, when she had visited numerous medical physicians for a medical purpose. I really didn't know her purpose, only her safety. After Fawn had exited the last medical physician office and was upset, sobbing with tears, well, I, of course, had to investigate the personal and protection manner. However, when I entered your office setting, Dr. Sam, I viewed a square-shaped office setting with no glass windows that displayed the bright beams of sunshine and heated waves. Now, I can understand no opening the window blinds during the heated day in the month of July, which is the hottest month on record, this year, since the caveman killed that sooth-tooth tiger, yesteryears ago. Bu, I was curious here and there. Your medical office reception space consisted of four solid walls in dark, dark brown paint that make me shiver in fright, fear, and worry, like a haunted house. And the row of lamps in the ceiling were set dull and light, like you didn't pay the electricity invoice on your medical office rental. And the air-conditioning unit blasting out ice cold air that must have been cabled directly from the North Pole. Thus, my body was shivering in coldness. My eyeballs were blinded in darkness. And my mind was scared and confused. O well! I thought the suite was damaged and cheap, within the older medical building. Then I met you..."
"...with a gun in your hand..." Sam sneered at Ikko.
Ikko laughed. "Yes! Well, I just tattled that I was confused and scary after seeing the reception room. Then I became more curious of you. You displayed a pair of bulging eyeballs, a pair of puffy retracted eyelids, and a set of reddened and inflamed eyeballs on your face. Then I can't help to notice the bulge in your neck as you were very heated and wore a light weight tee shirt. Your face and forehead continued to perspiration with moist water bubbles in the cold arctic air temperature. You were extremely skinny for a male of your age, where your clothes hung off your collar bones. Your left wrist bone is still wearing a tight bandage from a broken bone that is still healing due to osteoporosis. Your facial skin is sorta yellow colored like you have jaundice.
“You wore a pair of new leather tan colored flip-flips underneath your light weight trousers as you were heated within your biological body externally and internally, all the time which exposed the tops of the naked feet. The top of your foot exhibited reddened and thick skin, like you have stayed out too long at the swimming pool and burned your skin. And, finally, both of your hands were shaking as you continued to hide them behind your back spine or wiggle your hands in the air when you were angry at me for asking a ton of questions about my protectee Fawn. Once you have explained that Fawn had acquired a major case of fibrosis thickness on each one of her voice folds and you refused to provide medical treatment, I was very curious of your tart decision, since a medical physician likes money and likes to help sick patients. After our sweet encounter..."
"I will greatly disagree with that statement, Miss Kidnapper." Sam sneered at Ikko.
"... I pondered and pondered your rental office space plus with your presentation. Do you like that word, presentation? I know that you know what the word, presentation, represents the appearance of a person. Then, it dawned on me that you had acquired Grave’s Disease. Grave’s Disease is an immune system disorder coming from an over productive thyroid hormones coming from the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is a small, butterfly-shaped object in the front of your neck, below your Adam's apple. The overactive gland produces too many hormones that affect numerous parts of the human body. The disease was diagnosed by Sir Robert J. Graves, a medical physician, in the year 1834. Grave’s Disease affects three million people here in the USA, presently.
“However, there is not cure for the disease, only medical treatments and Grave’s Disease symptoms can last for years or your lifetime. The major clinical symptoms include anxiety, hand tremors, puffy eyelids, and an enlarged thyroid gland. The bulge in your neck corresponded to an enlarged thyroid gland or goiter. Your skinny body cried out weight loss. The dull-looking lamps on top of the ceiling highlighted your light sensitivity with your affected two bulging eyeballs. The super cold room temperature screamed out your heat sensitivity on your body, when you were sweating on your face, neck, and arms inside the cold room. You possess weak and brittle bones due to the lack of calcium in your body. The exterior skin tissue on your feet still appears like an orange peel in red hue, inside each surgery bootie, which comes from a build-up of certain carbohydrates in the affect skin on the foot and the shins.
“You possessed pain in both of your eyeballs as you stopped and rubbed the eyelids, during my visitation. During my intense vocal interrogation, you stopped standing and sat down in the padded chair indicating fatigue for a mature, not older adult male. I suspected that you were experiencing irregular heartbeats, when you touched the side of your chest cavity, even with the heart, on occasion, during my visit. I could not detract from your fine finger tremors. You were both anxiety and irritable towards me, but of course, that could have been my loaded personal hand gun, pointing at your belly, during my vocal interrogation.”
"Yes, it was." Sam growled at Ikko.
Ikko nodded with the face mask. " Of course, I didn't know if you experienced frequent bowel movements, double vision, vision loss on occasion or irregular menstruate cycle."
Sam gasped in shock and shook his bone skull.
Streg continued to point the cold barrel on the gun at Dr. Sam and gasped in shock.
Julius continued to sit in a padded chair beside a blind and bound Magritte and gasped in shock.
Ace gasped in shock and then growled at Ikko. "What!"
Ikko lifted her gloved hand and continued her lecture. "Sam Germer possesses an advanced stage of Grave’s Disease. Grave’s Disease affects and damages numerous body parts and body systems. Dr. Sam is experiencing heart rhythm disorders which are changes n the structure and function of his heart muscles. His heart organ has the inability to pump out enough blood proteins throughout his body, which is medical called, congestive heart failure. Dr. Sam, do you ever experience congestive heart failure? If so, do you dare to admit your body and then recovered in the hospital?” She laughed.
She continued, “Well, Dr. Sam suffered something, because He swiftly reduced his medical patient load for his private practice. However, Dr. Sam possesses a rare, body-threatening complication with his Grave’s Disease, which is called, a thyroid storm or accelerated hyperthyroidism or thryo-toxic crisis. His set of overactive thyroid hormones continuously affects his human body giving him a fever, profuse sweating, vomiting on occasion, diarrhea all the time, delirium, severe weakness, a few seizures, irregular heartbeats, the yellow tone on his skin and in his two eyeballs, low blood pressure. All of this can lead into a permanent coma, but not today," she laughed along with her friends, not a blind and bind Magritte.
Ace gasped in worry then exclaimed. "Geez! Is Dr. Sam going to die here inside the operating room, girl?"
Ikko smiled behind the pink tinted face mask, "Not today, he is still healthy enough to perform one more simple laser operation surgery."
Sam frowned without wearing his face mask. "Who are you, young lady? You have accurately diagnosed my disease and provided detailed information regarding the disease stage within my body frame. Why aren't you a medical physician, instead of a mean murderer?"
She nodded. "I am not a murderer, but I am mean. That is a true statement. I work a day job for a living while expanding my interests during the nighttime hours. I was accepted, attended, and graduated from School of Medicine at Mobile University, a few years ago. I have never touched or seen a medical patient or work the medical field, only continue to read all of the latest medical journeys for fun, between my real job. So, I am a licensed State of Alabama medical physician in the field of dermatology."
Sam gasped in shock. "Then, you can work the laser gun and perform the fibrosis surgery on the young girl and let me go."
"No can do, sir! I have never touched a warm body or a laser gun, since medical school. And my fingers are not trained and delicate enough to perform surgery on the voice folds. So, you are the only hope for Fawn. I understand that your two hands shake, almost all the time. This is the reason for terminating your talented surgery skills at the hospital and at your private medical practice. However, Fawn needs your skills, today, so she can speak, again."
Sam shook his bone skull. "No! I refuse. You are a medical physician. You are thoroughly studied and can do the job, right here and right now. Release me, right here and right now! I will go home and forget about all of you and your nasty friends. I promise."
Ikko shook her covered face. "I cannot do that, sir."
Ace shook his uncovered face. "Naw! You can't do that, sir."
Sam exhaled with annoyance and turned to see Ace. "Well, hell! Checkmate! I will not work on that young girl and you can't make me either." Ace gasped in shock and stared at Sam. Sam laughed with amusement at the infamous military judge.
Ikko shook her covered face. "I was puzzled here, Dr. Sam. The medical literature recommends removing the overactive thyroid gland from your neck area or taking numerous dosages of safe and prescribed medication improving your bad clinical conditions. As a licensed and brilliant State of Alabama medical physician, I am very confused why you didn't select one of the two medical options, which was have slowed the progress of your grave disease. Excuse and use the pun!" She laughed with a vile and evil tone.
"Release me! I am ready to leave." Sam stated and sneered at Ace.
Ikko continued to speak. "However, I suspect that selecting either one of those medical options would have terminated your medical practice, immediately. I am so sorry to say. You didn't answer my medical questions. Does your Grave’s Disease affect your menstrual cycle?"
Sam whipped around and gasped at Ikko. He exclaimed. "What! What does that question have to do with me, young lady?"
Ikko nodded and stated. “Grave’s Disease affects the overall well-being of the patient. Grave’s Disease is more common among females rather than males, before the age of forty years old. You are less than forty years of age, exhibit all of the symptoms of Graves' disease, lack an Adam's apple on your bulging throat muscles and probably do not menstruate. But you were birthed on April, the first, thirty-seven years ago as Samantha Ann Germer, a girl. Am I wrong? Did I read your personal medical chart incorrectly here? I suspect you didn't have any trouble covering your true gender in high school or college classes or medical school as your disease sorta transformed you from a girl into a monster...male."
"What! You! You cannot read a person's medical chart. Where did you pick up all of these lies?" Sam growled at Ikko.
She continued to nod her bone skull. "Actually, as a licensed State of Alabama medical physician, I can do that. I did do that. I discovered that you are born and still are a female, who entered college as a male and graduated from medical school as a male named Sam Germer."
Ace cleared his throat. "Checkmate! I don't give a shit, if you wanna be a girl or a boy. Do what you wanna do! However, I do believe that all of the other female and male babies, toddlers, teenagers, mature and senior adults might conclude a differing opinion of your true, but hidden gender, over the years as a male medical physician. And let us not forget about lying to the Alabama Medical Board and their snobby members either. So, let's make a deal! If you perform the simple operation on my girl Fawn, then all of us will forget you and your secret."
Sam turned and sneered at Ace. "That's blackmail!"
Ace laughed. "That's green mail! I have a bag of green dollar bills for your physician services also. I always pay my debts. Look! We’re wasting time here. This is the Fourth of July. I wanna be home watching television and cooking hotdogs rather than arguing genetics with you, Dr. Samantha. What’s your final answer, doc? I will warn you here. I can go and find another talented surgeon that is familiar with fibrosis thickening of the voice folds and perform the medical operation later, which will piss me out and take more time. You are here. She is here. We are all here to finish the procedure. Else, if you do piss me out, I will expose you to the entire world, starting right now, tonight. Your life is hell now. Just wait! No fury like a mom and a dad scorched by the attending medical physician that touched their precious child's butthole with a pair of female hands, not male finger tips." He laughed with his friends. "Come on, doc! This medical procedure is easy and fast. You only have to remove eighty percent of the fibrosis threads on her voice cords. I will understand. Then she can talk with a whisper. Then I can go and find another talented surgeon. What do say now, Dr. Samantha?"
Sam did not stir. Ace exhaled with frustration while controlling his wildly urge to murder the good physician with both of his gloved hands. "Look! We all make mistakes down here on Planet Earth as a human. That's why Almighty God sent all of his children down here to learn the heavenly lessons, so we all can go into heaven, when we die. Now, I do make mistakes down here and I ask for forgiveness from Almighty God. The key here is to ask for forgiveness and not don't make the same mistake twice. Well, I am not supposed to judge but I will tattle here for all eardrums. God sees. God knows. God acts and then reacts in his own time frame with each one of his children. This simple act from you, Dr. Samantha will show God that he was not wrong giving you, your talented doctor skills and making you a girl and naming you, Samantha, a girl's name with the man in the middle. You only need to do one good deed to make up for all of the bad decisions. I hope my little pep talk works on your girly emotions," he chuckled alone.
Dr. Samantha grinned without emotions on her girly feelings and lifted both of her yellow tinted hands in the air. "My medical disease affects my hands. I cannot perform any type of operations, by force or by will. So, you have selected and kidnapped a lousy medical physician."
Ikko nodded. "Actually, your hands are not shaking, and your vision is clear. While you were struggling during your gagged and tied moment, inside your living room with my two friends, I punched a needle into your arm filled with primidone ..."
"That's an anti-seizure medicine." Samantha gasped in shock.
She nodded. "I know that you know that too. But I still inserted it into your body. Now, your fingers, finger bones, and hands and hand bones do not shake. You can start the operation, doctor. I am your nurse assistance here. But, don't sweat anthills! The hand tremors will return once the medicine has cleared your liver, excreting through your bowels, sliding down from your anal into the pine-scented toilet bowl at your house." She laughed with her friends.
Samantha gasped in shock. "You...you...you have..."
"...to get started right now. The physician-prescribed primidone medication wears off within four hours, after entering the blood stream. Lean down, please. I will place the mask over your face." She lifted her hands in the air. Samantha stared down at the shorter female with a sneer and then turned to see Ace with a growl. Ace nodded with a stern face with his vocal warning of releasing damaging information on a male physician, who really was a female physician. The citizens of Mobile would become a mod of angry peoples, if one of their precious children had been touched by the lying bitch. The other half of the angry mod would sue Dr. Samantha for all of her assets including bank accounts, automobiles, airplanes, trains, houses, land property. The man, really a woman would be ruined and chased outta of town, if she was lucky.
Samantha exhaled with a puff of fear and spun around, leaning down parallel with the floor. Ikko tied the face mask over her naked face. Samantha stood upright and marched ahead, sliding down on top of the high stool, overlooking the open mouth on Fawn. Fawn were still resting and ready for the surgical operation.
At 05:37 pm, among the blistering daylight hours outside, within the ice cold operating suite inside the hospital building, on top of the floor, slightly behind Ikko, Streg still held the hand gun, in case, the physician panicked or badly reacted to Ace's commands. Actually, the hand gun was stunner weapon, not a real hand gun. He moved ahead and stopped, reaching up, pulling down the laser gun, where Ikko had pointed out early in the afternoon during their tour inside the operating suite. Dr. Samantha took the laser instrument as Streg backed away and watched.
Samantha ignited the flame, emitting a blue heated stream of radiation through the air waves that hit the side wall inside the room, without a person or a piece of property. Ikko studied the X-ray film picture first and then studied the live camera showing her throat muscles. She adjusted the laser ray down to the tiniest setting, scooting the stool, almost covering Fawn.
Dr. Samantha started to cut the laser beam and then eased the point of the instrument down into her throat area, igniting the laser beam again.
On top of the floor, Ace stared at the tiny stream of colored blue light on the colored monitor screen, slightly pacing side to side with worry. His talented and brilliant Resource, a licensed Alabama medical physician too, Ikko had promised that the medical procedure was safe but labor intensive. Dr. Samantha was an expert in his medical field and highly recommended by numerous medical physicians and surgeons, until he had unexpectedly decided to retire from his chosen medical profession.
Beside Dr. Samantha and the operating chair, Dr. Ikko worked as the surgical nurse and released over, wiping off numerous dripping and draining wet particles of mouth drool and dissolving fibrosis strands coming out of her mouth during the laser operation.

At 06:28 pm, Dr. Samantha cut off the laser drill and slowly removed the equipment from Fawn's mouth, nodding in the sweaty, wet face mask. Ikko quickly removed the equipment around Fawn's mouth and eased the jaw line back into place. Fawn would have a sore mouth, cut tongue, stretched cheekbones, and bruised jaw line from the operation but she will be able to whisper the words, I love you, to her future husband Ace for the first time.
Dr. Samantha scooted the high stool from the operating chair and removed all of the wet surgical clothing, standing upright with a sour frown at Ace, in silence annoyance.
On the entrance wall, Streg spun around and nodded to Julius. Julius stood upright from the chair and leaned down, grabbed one of the arms on Magritte. She had been listening to the conversation without speaking with her words or seeing with her eyeballs. She jumped with fear and then slowly stood upright with the assistance of the large male, shuffling ahead, slowly spinning around and exited through the operating room with Julius. The third Resource for Ace, Julius padded down an empty operating reception space alone and escorted Magritte back one of the limousines for her final trip into fire hell.
Inside the operating room, Dr. Samantha removed all of the smelly, bloody, wet surgical gear and stood in place, taking turns seeing Ace and then Streg, who continued to wear his surgical gear disguise. Streg motioned with the gun for Dr. Samantha to move ahead.
Ikko continued to act like the nurse and checked the clinical vital signs on Fawn, who was healthy but sleeping off the sedation inside the oversized operating chair. She wore a new set of clean warm blankets covering her semi-naked body. Her lips were cut and bloody. Her jaw line was bruised. One of her cheekbones was bruise. The mouth was a small area that didn't want to participate in the recent successful surgical procedure, but the bone structure had no choice, thus becoming slightly injured with minor pain.
Fawn will not mind, once she learns about her fixed voice folds.
Ikko concluded her nursing job and spun around, ripping off her smelly, bloody, sweaty surgical gear also, nodding to Ace. "Fawn is doing very well. She will be asleep for another thirty minutes or so. But you can come over and hug her body, very gently, Ace. Don't touch her face. She has some bruising but all of that will heal within a few days, like a regular bruise."
Ace nodded with a smile and stared at Fawn, moving ahead, colliding into Ikko. He hugged her body and whispered into her eardrum. "Thank you! Thank you so much! I couldn't do this alone and without you." He pulled back with a grin. "Are you shore that you don't wanna become a brilliant medical physician, saving lives? I can provide a new medical office anywhere in the city of Mobile or within the State of Alabama or another city throughout America, if you want."
Ikko dropped the smelly gear on the floor and smiled at Ace.
Samantha continued to stand in place wearing his leisure clothes from home, consisting of a tan colored tee shirt, a pair of lightweight white tinted trousers, and a pair of brown tinted flip-flops hearing the private conversation while trying to save her life. She spun around and smiled to Ace. "The sleeping patient will…"
"... experience vocal fatigue like Fawn had overused her voice while singing a loud rock and roll song or cheering at one of the local sporting events. Let her voice rest over two weeks, while the voice cord tissues heal and drink plenty of fresh spring water, not caffeine or coffee or alcohol beverages. She will recover very fast. She will experience massive hoarseness such like a raspy or breathy voice. Her larynx and vocal cords need lots of moisture, so it is important to drink eight glasses of water a day, avoid excessive alcohol intake, extremely spicy foods, smoking, and frequent use of antihistamines or cold medicine. She should use a humidifier to maintain thirty percent humidity in your house, which helps with her healing and recovery. Do not smoke anything around her, at any time. The irritant inside her throat is bad for her throat and her body. The act of smoking endangers her entire biological body anyways and runs the risk of developing and damaging cells inside her throat that could lead to cancer.
“Do not sing too loudly, if she joins the church choir, after her recovery either. I know you sing in the church choir, right now. And she will wanna join you also. That's pretty much it for her recovery. Fawn will be fine and fit readying to sing, dance, laugh, giggle and entertain you for the rest of your days. And I wrote it all down, so you don't need to contact me, ever," she pulled out and wiggled a folded sheet of paper, handing to Ace. He laughed with amusement and accepted the paper with the medical instructions. She winked. "That sheet of paper has my mobile telephone number and my new home address too."
"The check is in the mail. I promise." Ace laughed with her.
Sam exhaled with annoyance at the young brilliant woman and frowned at Ace. "Are you going to murder me right here and right now, sir?"
Ace continued to smile with happiness for his girl, not the surly physician."Naw! I don't wanna clean up the mess here inside a freezing operating room. My Resources are going to take good care of you, doc. Thanks for saving my girl's voice cords, Dr. Sam and Dr. Samantha!"
Samantha sneered at Ace. "You're a bastard, sir!"
He laughed with a nod and ripped off the dry surgical gear, dropping each item on top of the floor, "I'm been called worser. Take the good doctor back home!"
Samantha sneered. "When I return back home, I am contacting the local police department, reporting this abduction..."
"... like an alien sighting ..." Ace laughed at the physician without seeing her scowl. "Good night, Dr. Samantha! Take her away, Streg!"
Streg moved ahead and stopped, reaching forward, stabbing the cold barrel into the back spine on Samantha. She slowly spun around and scooted around Streg with a manly sneer, leading them across the operating room floor, out the open archway, and down a quiet hallway. They would exit the hospital building and slowly padded towards a second limousine for her final trip.
Inside the operating room, Ikko smiled at Ace. "I am going to save every single stray and sick canine and cat bringing them to live and thrive on my new animal farm. I wanna do that for the rest of my life. You don't know any of our life backgrounds, Ace. But Julius and I had worked together in one big hell hole, years ago. Julius is not dumb mentally, but he is a little slow with his mental thinking. He does not work well with people, only animals. I'm setting up the animal farm, mostly for him to thrive and live, away from humans. I... we really appreciate you giving us a chance, when no one would."
Ace hugged her again and pulled back with a smile. "You are the best investment in my life. I feel the same way. You get going and enjoy your life, before I change my mind and continue to pay ya'll as my Resources. O! For still alive and breathing Magritte, kill that bitch, your way. I don't care. And I don't care to know either."
She winked with a smile. "Get it, Ace!" Ikko back stepped from Ace and spun around, dashing ahead across the naked floor from the ice cold operating suite, leaving Ace with Fawn. Fawn needed to awake, before Ace could lift her from the operating room.
Ace moved ahead and touched the arm on Fawn without disturbing her bruised face, smiling at his girl, in silence, watching for her first movement.
At 06:46 pm, Julius stood inside a moving freight elevator that was housed in the rear of the hospital docking station, where all of the thick cardboard boxes and package entered for delivery throughout the campus. The carriage stopped. The elevator door opened and revealed a male. Streg still wore the pale blue tinted surgical gear that covered his face and his body, standing in front of an open trunk on a black tinted limousine, staring at Julius and Magritte. He nodded in silence to Julius. Julius gently shoved Magritte ahead and shuffled the carriage floor, stopping her in front of an open trunk.
Julius was a tall and large male. He reached down and cuddled Magritte, lifting her off the ground, twisting her plump body sideways, gently loading her body down into the open trunk floor. He released her body and back stepped from the trunk, nodding to Streg in silence.
Streg continued to guard the open trunk and smiled at Julius. "Julius, you and Ikko have a nice life. And I promise to look out for any and all stray cats and dogs throughout Mobile. When I find one, I will capture it and bring to you at your new home. Don't worry! I like animals too and I might keep some of them myself. Good luck and God speed, Julius!"
Julius reached over and grabbed Streg lifting the muscular man in the air for a few seconds, granting a brotherly hug and then slowly lowered Streg back down to the ground. Streg wobbled and then balanced his upright body from the gigantic brotherly hug. Julius smiled at his friend. "Thanks, Streg!"
Streg laughed and pointed to the second parked limousine, which stood a few feet from the first one. "Go and get into the driver's seat inside the other limo, Julius. Dr. Samantha is tied in the rear seat for her final trip also," he continued to point at the vehicle with the proper direction for his slow-thinking friend, slowly spinning around, watching Julius with care.
Julius nodded with a smile and scooted around Streg and the edge of the first limousine, padding ahead towards the second transport, stopping in front of the driver's seat. He opened the door and slid down into the seat, waiting on his female Ikko. She always told him what to do next.
In front of the freight elevator, behind the open trunk, Streg spun around and leaned down with a smile, ripping off the soft cloths from Magritte. "Now, you can see and taste again. You are too short and fat to fight with me. You are too short and plump to jump out of the deep trunk.”
Magritte sneered at the unknown male. "Get away from me! You can't harm me. I can't see your face, but I will hunt you down and find you again. I did not nothing wrong here. Once I am freed..."
Streg slammed down the trunk lid cutting off her loud words of angry, exhaling with annoyance at the elderly woman. The freight elevator rattled with metal pain and stopped, sliding open the metal door. He spun around and smiled at Ikko.
Ikko dashed ahead from the carriage and jumped up, landing into his chest. He wrapped his arms around her body. She hugged his neck and pulling back with smiled, saying. "Well, this is it, Streg!" He lowered her to the ground. She continued to dance and smile, like usual. "We make it. I always wondered if I would see another sunrise in our line of work, but I will view a new one, every day."
He nodded with a stern face. "Are you going to be okay with Julius?"
She nodded. "Julius, he possesses a little brain, but a big heart. His heart guides all of his emotions in love, not hate, not greed, but friendship. He is very excited about our animal farm, which is located far away from the cities and the peoples. Ace is ending us lots of money, so we can save lots of animals too. You are invited to come and live with us in the countryside, Streg. What are you doing to do now, that this is finally over?"
He smiled. "Yeah, my life, as a murderer and assassin, is finally done and gone. I don't regret my life either. Ace has purchased a boat for me, a really big one, with all of the bells and whistles. I'm going to sail the coastline, up and down the eastern USA, not out into the deep ocean waters. I'm scared of the sharks."
She popped his massive chest of hard muscles. "Streg, you're a shark here on land. You ain't scared of nothing, but me."
He laughed and then nodded. "You're right about that. Do you think Ace will be okay?"
She nodded. "Ace is fine and dandy. He is settling down and getting married to a new girl. I'm glad the medical operation was a success."
He reached out and tweaked her nose, pulling back his hand, before she cut his limb off with one of her hidden surgical knives. "Well, I'm glad you got that medical degree and finally used it for good, not evil." He laughed alone.
She tilted her chin and smiled. "Yeah, I did use it for good, today. Speaking of evil! What are you going to do with Magritte?"
He frowned. "My business, this is my final dirty deed for Ace."
She nodded with a stern face. "Yeah, this is my final dirty deed for Ace, too. I got Dr. Samantha. Well, this is it. Good bye and good luck, Streg! I love you like a taller and meaner semi-brother. If you are up that way, please come and have lunch and say hi to us and all of the dogs and cats."
He smiled. "I will, kid! Good bye and good luck, Ikko!"
Ikko back stepped and scooted around Streg, spinning around, waving both of her arms for fun. He spun around and watched her like a big brother. She slammed into the door and then reached over, opening the heavy door, without assistance, folding down and entered the rear compartment with Dr Samantha. She gave orders to Julius. He started the engine and slowly steered safely away from the hospital campus, heading ahead towards the roadway.
Behind the closed trunk, in front of the closed freight door on the hospital building, Streg slowly scooted around the rear bumper, without hearing the angry words from Magritte. The modern day limousine was a joy to drive without the outside or inside noise and sweet harmony from the purring motor. The driver's door was opened. He slid down into the driver's seat and started the engine, hearing the power without hearing the mouth on Magritte. He slowly steered ahead and exhaled with sadness and happiness, driving the limousine to the final destination. This was his last dirty nasty deed for Ace.
At 07:18 pm, the sun still shone brightly on a sizzling heated day in the city of Mobile, within the US State of Alabama. His active mind wondered backwards in time and as his free hand lifted up and gently rubbed the permanent scar curving around his left cheekbone. His past memories activated thinking of his terrible beginnings on the pathway as an assassin for hire.



Six years, five months, thirteen days, fourteen hours, 37 minutes, and two seconds ago....

She stood on top of an elevated platform, in front of the open podium, in the cold winter, with a set of tiny white tinted snowflakes on top of her brown tinted fur hat and waved with both of her brown tinted leather gloved hand at the cheering audience. The new President of the United States of America had been sworn into her presidential office and had finished her acceptance speech promising a fruitful country, a free nation, and a fun time for each citizen of America.
The inauguration speech was a traditional event on the lower steps of the US Capitol Building, in Washington D.C., the capital of the USA, occurring around January 21st, each four years, in the early morning hours.
The entire length of the National Mall was opened and filled with thousands of people, w here a few famous buildings stood pride and upright, such like, the Smithsonian Institution with the ancient glossy dinosaur bones and the Space and Rocket Center with the ancient and modern rocket shell from the 1960s. A mess and a mass of people came from America and all the world to view the annual swearing-in ceremony for the day to see the first female woman President of the United States.
A talented sniper can shoot a five inch target with a high power rifle from 1.5 distance miles away. Three hours later, in the freezing snowflakes and ice icicles, one of the assigned Army snipers rested on top of the National Space and Air Museum rooftop with a clear view of the new female president, all of the old dignities, and her family members and personal friends, who were all seated behind her ass. The sniper was five blocks from the Capitol Building, freezing an ass off in the wintertime weather and lightly covered in an array of matching tiny white tinted snowflakes over his sniper uniform. But he didn’t move and barely breathed. The high power scope on his long rifle watched her right earlobe for any type of suspicious actor or activity. His co-workers watched her other body parts for any sign of trouble.
The first female United States of America President stood in behind the draped red, white, and blue starred piece of fluttering fabric and in front of the closed entrance door on top of the floor of a vintage railroad caboose car, waving with both arms to the crowd of people, before beginning the train ride.
The political train ride was scheduled to depart the depot from Washington DC to Maryland for a short ride to stop and greet the admiring populous that voted her into office. The fun part of the train contained a set of children who had never been on-board a moving locomotion.
The whistle train stop tours had began in the country of merry England, when a touring politician takes the train stopping and visiting the populous of the rural countryside. The train could cover vast amounts of landscape in a short period of time.
At the Union Station rail track, the green colored caboose railroad car is attached at the rear to a parade of numerous sitting and diner blue colored window decorated railroad coaches that provided beverages and the food for the children. the line of coaches was pulled by a single powerful locomotion engine. The US Federal government agencies worked together to prevent a single private airplane, a new helicopter, a balloonist, and any other flying objects near the airspace above the train route and near the depot station.
Washington DC Union Station displays eighteen platforms and twenty two tracks of rail. It is a major train station, transportation hub, and leisure destination in Washington DC. It opened in the year 1907 It is the second-busiest railroad station with annual ridership of five million people. It is visited by over 40 million people a year.
Today seemed liked five million people stood and cheered on the grounds.
The station is located on the southern end of the Northeast Corridor, an electrified rail line runs north through the cities of Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York City, and Boston. The track area is divided into an upper and a lower level. The upper level displays a boarding platform that is equal to the door level of each train. The upper level track terminates at the station and only captures the arriving and departing trains from the north.
The interior waiting room consists of 96 feet series of arched ceilings above the floor. The front entrance of the building is 600 feet long. inside the Union State, the ceiling is made of vaulted arches where a terrorist cannot hide. Inside the main hall, there are twenty six centurion granite statues with an armed solider between each statute, who watched the ass of the new female president.
Inside the Attic block which was above the main waiting room, there were four sharp shooters. On the rooftop of the Union Station, there were two sharp shooters with a long rifle protecting the new female President of the USA from a terrorist attack.
Finally, north of the Union Station, the railroad yard contains an open train maintenance facility. A sharpshooter rested uncomfortably on top of a modern day railroad in the heated sunshine and stared at the side of her nose profile through the telescope inside the caboose compartment. A railroad yard is the current maintenance facility to repair the railroad car coaches. The railroad car stood on top of a storage track both stationary and tall, so the single sharp shooter held a good view of the new female president, Mir Nettles.
“SS13, report your position,” the leader of the sharp shooter military team voiced into the ear bug.
“Clear,” Streg softly mumbled into the air waves as the sensitive ear bot picked up the single word. The male soldier displayed a head of cropped brownish-red hair strands, a tone of bronze skin, and a pair of amber colored eyeballs. His handsome face displayed a set of long black tinted eyelashes that any woman would envy.
“Copy,” the leader said.
The power engine slowed moved down the track toward the north. The train and the box cars were traveling toward the city of Baltimore, within the US State of Maryland, which was the female president's hometown, for a day of fun time at the circus for the kids.
Then, sharp shooter Streg was off for the rest of the day. This was his last assignment until next week, a short vacation.
The locomotion slowly moved down the track toward the north on purpose. On the rear of the caboose, all the happy loud children were standing around the new female president, waving to the people. Their parents were inside the diner coach with the food trays and beverage glasses on this cold day of January. The children continued to wave and cheer at the oversized crowd of people that filled the platform. Some of the train personnel stopped working and turned, waving to the vintage caboose of green at the children too. The locomotion engine slowly moved ahead leaving the station, when a tall shadow crawled out from underneath the moving caboose, leaping from the snowy ground, landing on the hard surface and shoved the children from his footpath. He whipped out a long hunting knife and sneered, quickly advanced and grabbed the female president by her covered throat, ripping the fur coat and the turtle neck sweater.
The scope from his rifle focused on her nose profile. The nasty masked terrorist held his knife in front of her two eyeballs as the shiny metal twinkled in the sunray. The mask on the terrorist showed his smile and stared at the overcrowded platform of frightened people. The people were screaming and pointing at the bold, brave, and stupid terrorist.
Streg was the only hope for the new female president. The cold barrel of the high power rifle aimed at the right eardrum of the terrorist. He fired the single bullet and hit the woman. His heated bullet entered her right eyeball and sliced through her gray matter, coming out the other end, stabbing the steel wall on the moving train. He fired a second bullet and hit the right eyeball on the terrorist. The man slowly stumbled forward from the entrance door and fell down over the railing of the caboose, landing on top of the electrical track. His body burnt and sizzled in blood, tissues and bones. Then, the moving train finally halted.

Three week days later, on January 24th, after the death and the official burial of the first female President of the USA, at the undiscovered USA Army Base, soldier Streg still wore the dirty fatigues from yesterday, a tragic day for both the president and his person. He stood in front of the judge's bench, staring at the rows of military judges in a solid black robe with a somber face of old, wise and angry. Streg felt numb inside his guts and stood in silence.
The first female JAG judge sneered at Streg. “You killed the first lady president of the United States. What do you say for your person, soldier?”
Streg sneered and then calmed speaking with a cold, nature baritone timber. “I aimed at the fucking terrorist. The terrorist swiftly shuffled backward. The bullet hit her face.”
The third male JAG judge nodded with a stern face at Streg. “I can understand the explanation as a former sharp shooter. However, the American people want blood of the body that killed the first woman president. Streg, I have no choice.
Streg did not wiggle his body but firmed his tone. “What choice? I don’t mean to kill the woman. She was going to die. No other sharp shooter could hit the terrorist. It’s a chance we all take in any hostage situation. I did the best that I could.”
The fourth male JAG judge smiled at Streg, “Your best was not good enough. I got thousands of thousands of written and electronic death notes for your personal execution in front of a firing squad on live television…”
The sixth male JAG laughed out loud and shook his bond skull, “I am sorry. The military courts don’t do that anymore.”
The first female JAG judge sneered. “The US State of Maryland still does. Some of the senators want your ass moved to the US State of Maryland for prosecution."
Streg nodded. “I get a court date and a court trial…”
"No!" The third male JAG judge sneered. “You get a noose or a bullet or a …”
Streg growled in his defense without a legal lawyer. “I am innocent here. I received the order to fire from my supervisor. I fired the damn gun. The bullet discharged and hit the wrong target. I killed the terrorist, too. Don’t I get credit for that one?” The military officer tapped on the slips of paper. “What is going to happen now?” He frowned and tugged on the metal handcuffs. “I am not going to sign anything or say anything that will get me killed. I am innocent. What is going to happen to me now?”
The second male JAG judge exhaled with annoyance. “You are military solider. Thank goodness! The fucking senators and congressmen and women can’t touch you. They can whine and scream. But the military has made the decision.”
Streg snarled at the row of judges. "What fucking decision?”
The second male JAG judge smiled. “You have been found guilty of neglect. You are going to jail.”
Streg gasped. “I wasn’t neglectful. For how long? How long am I in jail for killing a terrorist, which was my job?”
The first female JAG judge shook her curls. “I don’t know.”
Streg frowned. “Even the military solider gets a fair and speedy trial.”
The third male JAG judge said. “I know that. I am a lawyer which had been paid for by the US military. But, in this instance, you get to keep your ass. You will go directly to jail and do not pass go. Look! I don’t know how long you will be in jail, only a couple of years…”
“A couple of years of what?” Streg sneered.
“This is the best that military can do for you, Streg. You fucked up! You shouldn’t have missed the president and hit the side of the damn train. Then, she would be alive with neck wounds and still the first elected female President of the United States. Your military career would not be done, and you could have retired and done something else, beside permanent jail time.”
Streg mouth spat down on the floor and stared at each judge. “Fuck this thing!”
The fourth male JAG judge was a friend of his family and shook his bone skull at the young male, “I can still fuck anything I want. But you, my old friend cannot. I am sorry. Take him away! Show him his new bedroom with the clean bed sheets!”
The military guards reached out and grabbed each arm on Streg, spinning them around to face the closed door, padding ahead. The door opened into the hallway. The trio entered the empty hallway and then engaged a gang of other military soldiers. The gang of soldiers attacked Streg. The two military guards reacted too slowly and attacked the rouge warriors, protecting the prisoners.
Several minutes later, all of the bodies rested down on the floor, in pools of red tinted blood proteins, no one was alive but Streg. He was an unconscious body, not a dead soldier, like planned by the vicious group of dirty politicians and vicious rebels. He exhibited bruises, broken bones and nasty cuts over his bronze skin, displaying a prominent wound slice that curved around the left cheekbone, a broken nose, and a set of long black tinted eyelashes that any woman would envy.
Six months, six days, six hours, six seconds, and six milliseconds later...


City of Mobile, within the U.S. State of Alabama
Coast Guard Administration Building
June 1st, Friday


The burning pile of flaming heat from the death of the first woman president had died down, after a few months. The new Vice President of the USA was a male and gratefully accepted the new presidency, presenting a gleeful personality and a sad face. And all of the numerous reporter news media outlets had forgotten about American killer Streg and focused on the rash, irrational personality behavior of the new USA President while the gang of opposing nasty politicians worked to impeach the new president for bribes, traitor and other crimes.
Within the outside tiny outdoor patio, Streg squatted down over the heated yellow colored brick floor and reached out, clipping the bottom of the long stem with a pair of cutting shears. The flower was fully bloomed and pretty. He collected the last flower and stood with a sigh, scanning the twinkling and glittering fresh water of Mobile Bay, without walking over the pretty white tinted sand grains on a pair of naked feet or touching the warm water with one or both of his hands. That was his permanent punishment for his wicked deed, until his finally death day. 
He currently, maybe permanently, lived inside a ten-foot tall by ten-foot long by ten-foot wide jail cell with a set of sliding glass doors that led into a very tiny and enclosed courtyard flower garden. The height of the courtyard was three feet tall and six feet wide which allowed for a viewing of bay waters all year long. Some of the planted girly flowers died from the harsh sun during the heated hot weather in the summertime but bloomed lovely during the mild warm winter weather.
He was lucky than most of the inmates by receiving a slap of daily sunshine rays on top of the outdoor court yard floor and reflecting onto his sad face.
He had been convicted and found guilty, without a military court of a murder and then imprisoned inside a military containment center in the city of Mobile, within the US State of Alabama. The two-story containment center stood on top of a piece of flat concrete slab that was located on Government Street down below the main library building.
The average citizen of the lovely southern beach town of Mobile did not know about the two-story administration building of concrete blocks in dull tan paint. The L-shaped building resembled nothing historical featuring a row of low-drop glass window panes that were all black tinted from the bright southern sunrays.
The front of the building showed a single dark colored metal door beside two rows of elegant windows which was posted with a set of standing armed soldiers and guns inside the interior of the entrance room. The entrance room contained a single short metal ugly desk with a single book of paper and a lonely blue colored ink pen that logged each new prisoner from one of the US military armed forces. An enclosed room served as the first night of confinement of a convicted solider within the US military armed forces. On each side of the entrance room, there was a short corridor. On side housed the quarters of the staff, the gun stores, the kitchen, and the garage with a single vehicle.
The other side housed all the joint prisons, where the new inmate from the Coast Guard or Navy military branch slept that night. Each joint prison room faced a glass window made from bullet-proof material, so the inmate could see the last night of freedom.
Across each locked door, there were several rooms which housed a fitness center, an entertainment center, and a room which was filled with old boxes of stuff from the library. The main library discarded books, musical discs, and movie discs, laptops, and other boxes of junky stuff when a new shipment of merchandise arrived. Thus, the containment center rented out the space from the city as the clueless library mistress though the building was some type of extra storage for the main library.
The next morning, the inmate was shipped to his or her permanent home. The saltwater bay of Mobile allowed for easy transport of any inmate of the military armed forces by a Coast Guard sea cutter.
There were other containment centers throughout the USA. However, this one was the ‘bestest’ and the worsest of all the centers, since the devoted gang of armed soldiers rather enjoyed taunting and teasing the new inmate for fun amusement. Most times, the new inmate didn’t make it out of containment center thirteen.
Note: The number thirteen as an unlucky math number for anyone.
If the new inmate survived the beating and the blooding from the gang of soldiers, then the inmate was shipped someplace else to serve out his or her sentence. This particular containment center received the vile of the vicious inmates. The inmate had murdered someone or hurt someone so bad that he or she would serve a life prison sentence, sometimes without leaving their new imprisonment for their lifetime punishment.
The building did not see the need to waste the U.S. taxpayers’ monies, when fire hell wasn’t filled yet.

Six months ago, a black tinted utility vehicle parked inside the doubled side garage. In the front seat, there were two soldiers. In the rear seat there were three soldiers. Inside the middle seat, there was one solider with a gun and Streg. He wore the smelly green colored fatigues from the incident at the Union Station in Washington DC with a sneer of fury. Both arms were handcuffed behind his curved back spine in pain. Both of his ankle bones were chained together while slowly moving ahead at the foot pace of a crawling baby. The door opened. The solider on top of the middle seat elbowed the rib cage of Streg with a grunt that represented the word move.
Streg slid over the smooth leather seat and stood upright with a sneer of hate, moving outside the open door. Each solider exited the vehicle and shuffled around, surrounding in front and beside Streg like he was a series cold blooded serial killer of old gray head and sweet grandmas. The pair of two lead soldiers advanced ahead toward an open door and entered through the archway.
Streg moved ahead between the square shaped sentry escort and turned side to side, staring into each open door, representing a few of the new living quarters, the kitchen space for food, the gun stores with exposed weapons, and a single room with a filing cabinet.
The tour ended.
The pair of two lead soldiers entered through arched doorway into an empty room.
Streg turned and stared at the side wall with a single door and a row of low black tinted windows. The front entrance of the building was never used, only seen by the eyeballs of the viewing public of people within Mobile. He knew that each containment center was secret even within the ranks of the military. The populous and famous joint prison was located in Fort Leavenworth within the US State of Kansas. Streg would not be sent there. However, he didn’t know which joint prison, since his old friend Kanab didn’t bother to tattle.
The five-person sentry escort moved across the hard tile floor and stopped, standing in place in silence with a set of loud grunts of amusement. Streg tensed while still wearing the handcuffs over the wrist bones and the chains over the ankle bones. However, he was a US military soldier.
His parents were a pair of school teachers at the local elementary and high school where their son Streg and their two daughters had attended and graduated also. Streg attended and graduated college with a computer degree but he wanted to be a US military solider more than life. He watched military movies, read military books, learned to shoot a gun at his grandmother’s farm as a young body.
His father did not approve of the U.S. military life for his son. His parents wanted Streg to graduated college, meet a girl, get a job, and then married.
After college, Streg joined the U.S. military without any regrets and with great pride. His skills with the gun earned him the role of a sharp shooter. He was very, very good. He went on numerous military missions into foreign countries and kept coming back alive and unwounded. Each visit home was a wonderful moment that lasted for five seconds. Then the same old worn argument from his parents grew vocal and loud for their son getting out the US military.
Thus, Streg could have abandoned his life time dream and taken a good paying job, maybe meeting a nice sweet hometown girl. Then, he could have moved into the civilized city and provided an average living.
However, Streg wanted more than the average living.
Inside the entrance room in front of the single desk, the pair of lead soldiers spun around with a grin to see Streg. Streg was not stupid. He didn’t really murder anyone. He only missed the terrorist and killed the first female President of the United States by accident, of course.
However, his name was mud, and his life was shitty, at the moment. But Almighty God and the good genes from his father had blessed Streg in both height and a set of thick muscles. He played as a linebacker in high school and college football games. You have not felt numbing dizziness until you hit another guy that weighed over three hundred pounds.
Granted, the current group of semi-jackasses was not three hundred pounds in weigh, a piece. Some of the soldiers stood behind Streg at average height with a set of sissy growls like a bear cub. Some of the soldiers were a little shorter than Streg with a set of evil laughs, since Streg was six feet and five inches. He was disadvantaged with the pair of bounded ankle and wrist bones, not stupid.
Streg chuckled with a wink at the face on the right and swiftly tossed a full body slam with an upright elbow jab into the throat and jaw line of the soldier on the side of his body. The solider hit the side of the table after falling unconscious from the elbow slam, starting to tumble down over the flat table surface and eventually onto the hard floor.
Number one jackass was out of the fist fight.
One of the rear soldiers left the box formation and ran ahead towards the office desk, catching his buddy in both arms, before a serious head injury down on the hard concrete floor.
Streg swiftly hopped sideways back into the middle of the box formation and quickly leaped up into the air, tucking both kneecaps into his ass, kicking out both of his feet like a bucking horse. The chained ankles connected into the single solider behind Streg in the groin. The soldier tumbled backward with a loud grunt of pain.
Number two jackass was out of the fist fight.
The feet and the chains ricocheted off the stunned solider and launched Streg directly into the air with inertia into the solider on the right side. Streg slammed a set of wide shoulders into the empty air space between the two stunned upright soldiers and as, his head fit through the tiny opening with a lip smirk. The collar bone of Streg hit into the chest of each solider. Then, each solider reached up and wrapped both arms around the board chest of Streg. Then the three soldiers tumbled backward as one person and landed on top of the hard tile.
Each solider wore an array of protective gear when escorting a dangerous inmate of the U.S. military armed forces to their new home prison. The two soldiers acted like a bed mattress on the hard floor, catching and cuddling the upper body of Streg into both arms with a set of loud grunts.
Streg rested on top of the semi-conscious soldiers with a loud chuckle of victory. However, he was still tied and bounded at both wrist and ankle bones wiggling side to side, trying to upright a fallen body over the lumpy human mattress. Number three and four attackers were out of the active fist fight.
At the office desk, the last conscious solider gently lowered the unconscious solider down over the hard floor with a sneer and stood upright, grabbing the short club on the utility belt, dashing over and stood over the back spine of Streg. He reared back and dropped an arm over the hard skull of Streg, gently tapping the thick wood into the rear hairy head.
Streg exhaled with a soft curse and closed both of his eyelids, passing out into the darkness.
A few hours later, inside the Prison Number 13, that represented bad luck, an unconscious Streg rested on top of a neatly made and freshly blood stained bedcover with a grunt of pain and his dried blood proteins. The short club attack left a dull aching headache within his neurons. He opened both eyelids and saw a set of single and clear objects through the sliding glass doors of tall trees. He slowly sat upright with a folded body and sat back on top of the new set of tan colored bedcovers, reaching back, finding a lump of non-torn skin. He grunted several times without yelling or screaming in fury.
The prison door of solid metal opened in silence and revealed one of the escort soldiers, the one with the short club. He stood in the archway with a stern face. “Canto…”
“Can’t…” The face looked down at the bedcovers and as his finger pads probed for dried blood and fresh body cuts. He didn’t find any cuts but bruises of constant pain which would subside in a few days.
He continued to stand in the archway with a smile and a chuckle. “Canto, my name is Canto.”
“Can’t…” Streg mouth spat the dry blood from a pair of busted lips, touching and pressing the wound for sensitivity.
He advanced into the tiny room and stopped near the foot of the twin mattress with a stern face to see the rear skull of Streg. “I am shocked with your fighting skills, solider.”
“Thanks.” Streg slowly spun around on top of the bedcovers to see the solider with a stern face.
He moved ahead and sat down inside the oversized chair saying with a stern face at Streg. “The vicious gossip rumor going around and around each base camp is that you purposefully murdered the first ever female USA President of the United States. Honestly, I don’t vote for the bitch. So, I am very pleased.”
Streg exhaled with annoyance. “It was an accident.”
He smiled with a nod while examining the body of Streg. “Hmm! Accident is a really good noun. Do you need a first aid kit? I’m a med tech by second training. But I’m not going to help you. Anyways, you don’t look hurt. Now, my two buddies are hurt from your angel flight, without the wings. Where did you learn moves like that, soldier?”
Streg continued to probe the body for any open wounds. “A farm boy during the summertime, I wanted to be a horse.”
Canto laughed with a nod. “You almost made it.” He exhaled. “Look! You passed. I don’t think that I need to explain that statement.”
Streg exhaled and continued to probe the body which was not injured but sore muscles and a few developing bruises. “Yeah…”
“Right now, and forever, no one will touch you. I promise. I’m in charge. I’m Canto. That’s the only piece of information you will ever get from me.”
“Do you know how long is?”
“Nope.”
“Thanks.”
He tapped the paper folder on the kneecap with a stern face, “I can’t tattle much. But I should explain that this is a containment center, in an American city, inside the great U.S.A. The Center receives some of the nastiest soldiers within the armed forces. We are their first contact. Some made it. Some don’t. And the some that don’t make it, we don’t give a shit.”
“Thanks.”
“You are different.”
Streg frowned at Canto, “How so?”
“You followed an order and then…”
“Yeah…”
“Well, this is your new room and your new view.” He stood upright from the oversized chair and moved ahead to the set of sliding glass doors, stopping and staring into the wild flowers and sand grains with a smile. “You’re lucky, soldier. You have a true window view of the bay waters. It’s wintertime here too. During the summertime, the flowers will bloom and smell pretty like a girl. I was told that you are harmless. Actually, I didn’t believe it after hearing that a U.S. military solider killed the first female president…”
“Yeah…”
He spun around with a smile to see Streg. “However, you defended your person like a survivor with a set of smart brains. This particular prison sees the vile of the vilest from the Coast Guard and Navy military armed forces. We are a special trained and talented team of soldiers that evaluate the vileness of each inmate. A set of four walls cannot hold a wild animal. Thus, the wild animal needs more freedom, if you know what I mean.”
Streg laughed. “I believe so.”
“You didn’t act like a wild animal. Believe me! I’ve seen too many wild animals come through here. You acted like a trained solider with a set of good instincts. I have your service record. You’re a good soldier, in the wrong spot.”
“Amen!”
“I must say that you’re really hated outside this set of four walls.”
“An accident…”
Canto laughed. “Yeah, you’re an accident. You can develop your own personal routine here inside the Center. No one will bother you. We all live on the other side of the building or in front of the office desk. Down your hallway, there is a wall of embedded joint prison cells without the flower garden. Each room is three feet thick concrete. But a wild animal likes to yell and piss in the wall corner. Across the way, there are three very large rooms, a fitness center with a set of free weights, an entertainment center with a television, and a room with tons of old boxes of shit. You can enjoy one room or all three rooms while we do not have another wild animal present. And the door stays locked for your protection. It only takes a split second and then the wild animal kills you dead.”
“Understood!”
“I don’t want to say welcome. So, I’ll say, sorry.”
“Yeah!”
He pointed into the oversized chair with a smile. “We wear the set of green and tan fatigues as the warden. You get the wear a pair ripped comfortable blue jeans, a pair of sneakers, and a white shirt for the good guy. There is a pair of running shorts and a set of sweats for hanging around.”
Streg laughed with a nod. “Thanks.”
He moved ahead with a nod and stopped, standing in the archway, staring into the dark room with the stacks of boxes. “Look! I know that you hate your old friend, the military lawyer. But he did the best for you. No one loves you out there in the real world. No one cares about it in here. This is the best place for you, Streg. We all are sworn to protect the good people of the U.S.A. as the wild animal will continue to kill and then die…”
Streg swallowed back down the sissy bile from his tight throat. He knew that information too but hearing the vocal words made the information truer. No one liked him for an accidental kill shot of the first female president. No one wanted to hear his side of the story either. He was mad at Kanab; but he also respected Kanab. He exhaled with a sissy whine. “Thanks!”
Canto left the room and the door open.
Streg continued to sit on top of the bedcovers in painful bruises and numbing shock. His military career was gone. His life was gone. His days were long. Even if he was every released from the military prison, Streg didn’t know where to go and what to do. He sat on top of the bedcovers without eating food, only pondering the deep thoughts. Then, he would occasionally use the toilet for a body function.
During the first week of prison, he strolled inside the tiny room in a set of completed circles and slowly cursed his bad luck, his military career, his good friend, his family members, his religion, and his everything. He felt trapped like a wild animal. Now, he deeply sympathized with the African wild tiger behind the glass window inside the zoo that had been captured and contained against its strong will. He was that tiger now.
Streg had followed an order and shot the wrong person. No other sharp shooter could have saved the president and as each fired bullet could not reach the terrorist underneath the awing of the caboose train. Thus, the president was going to die by the knife to the throat from the terrorist. Streg had been the only hope for the president. However, no one wanted to see that or hear that or believe that impossible scenario. Everyone believed that he committed cold blooded murder. The terrorist swiftly moved backward from the president, exposing her face. Then Streg fired the bullet. The bullet hit her, not the terrorist.
Streg continued to replay the train scene inside his mind over and over again, eventually falling down over the top of the bedcovers in exhaustion.
During the second week of prison, he had accepted a fate of the permanently imprisonment with a little hope of freedom, one day, before he died as an eighty years old man. He felt safe also. There was actually a rotating shift of twenty soldiers who worked at tiny building. There was the day, the late afternoon, and the morning shift soldiers. The day shift was the most friendly and social. The second shift spent time working on the computers and arranged the travel plans and connections for the next inmate while the third shift of soldiers cleaned up the building space.
The first of the second week of his permanent prison term, Streg had been invited to eat breakfast with the first shift of soldiers. He eagerly accepted and was tickled to be included in the morning social event, since he didn’t have a friend or a family member in prison, which was normal. During the breakfast meal inside the kitchen table, the food was good. The conversation was funny. The mood was happy.
However, Streg didn’t feel happy. All the working soldiers lived with their family unit within the city and talked about their happy personal family life.
Streg felt unhappy and isolated. He wasn’t married or a father of a child. Thank goodness! He would have been destroyed if he had a child and couldn’t see that child grew into an adult while being inside a prison cell for the rest of his life.
During the lunchtime meal, Streg had been invited again and ate with the soldiers out of respect, feeling the same unhappy dark and sad emotions. During the dinnertime meal, the soldiers left the Center and were replaced with the second shift. Streg had been invited to dine with the second shift and was relieved with honor.
The next day, Streg had ventured into the one of the three rooms which was across the hallway. He enjoyed the fitness room and worked out on all the different machines and the set of free weight, working up a smelly body just in time for breakfast bell. Thus, he nicely declined and ate his breakfast meal after all the dirty dishes were cleaned. His emotions could not take the happy talk from the gang of first shift soldiers. His life was not happy. He was trapped. He didn’t blame any person, but it was hard to be happy for someone else, when his world couldn’t change for the better. So, he had continued the workout fitness programs and ate all the meals alone inside his room or inside the kitchen.
In the middle of the week, the front door had opened with a solider escort and a group of strangers. Streg had ventured into the third room, the junk room. He flipped on the switch. The lights illuminated the darkness. The room was filled with wall to wall boxes. Some of the boxes were bent and dusty. He stomped forward into the archway.
“Streg!” Canto dashed down the hallway and stopped with a stern face, standing next to the nose profile of Streg. “You have some visitors.”
Streg turned with a gasp to see Canto and narrowed both eyelids, looking down the semi-dark hallway, “Visitors?”
“Your family unit…”
“Mama!” Streg scooted around Canto with a smile and stopped, spinning around to see Canto with a grin. “Is it okay to see my parents?”
Canto flipped a hand with a nod. “Of course, solider, I ran all the way down here to fetch you. Your family unit is located inside the small office passed the entrance room which has a door and some chairs. You can close the door for privacy, too.”
Streg nodded with a smile and spun around dashing down the hallway with a happy soul and a hum to see his family, “Thanks! I really appreciate it.”
Canto exhaled with a stern face. “No, you want,” he turned to see the storage room and reached up, slamming off the light switch, slowly spinning around and moved back down the hallway.
Inside the empty office setting, Streg ran down the hallway with a smile, through the entrance room, and slid to a halt, passing the closed door with nervous excitement. He hadn’t visited home, since the Christmas holiday and ate the delicious turkey dinner with his family. It was near the end of the month of January. The first room was the first closed on the side wall. He reached out and opened the door, entering the room with a smile, stopping a few feet into the semi-empty room. The door slammed shut behind his ass. Streg stood in place with a smile.
His father stood behind the chair which held his mother. Her face was swollen and red stained with tears and as she hid the face with the pink colored handkerchief. His father held both hands on top of her collar bone like protection.
Streg smiled. “Hi…”
His older sister spun around from the window with a sneer at Streg, “We are here only to say one final good riddance…”
“Kuna!” His father snarled and then frowned at Streg. “Your sister Kuna is trying to say…”
Streg stared at his quiet mother with worry and a soft timber, “Mama…”
Kuna advanced ahead and turned, encircling around her tall brother Streg with a sneer. “Don’t talk to her!”
His other sister Inkim paced back and forth behind the back spine of her father while staring at Streg with a sneer. “At home, our real home, we’re being threatened with death. Death threats! They never stop. They never end. We had to disconnect all the cell phones. They burnt the front lawn. They burnt the back lawn. They killed the mailbox. They killed the dog…”
His father said. “We’re being forced into a United State Federal Government eyewitness protection program, Streg.”
Streg gasped. “What? Why?”
Kuna encircled her bother with a sneer. “Because of you, you killed the president. We have been threatened with death, since that day. A hanging off the rafter of the court house. A firing squad of rebels. A burning stack with tree limbs…”
Streg softly said with a worried brow. “I am sorry.”
Inkim stopped pacing behind the back spine of her father and stood in front of the clean window, jabbing a finger at Streg. “You are sorry. Why did you kill her?”
“I followed an order…”
His father gasped. “A military order was given to kill the president of the United States.”
Streg lifted both arms with a confused frown. “No, I was ordered to kill the terrorist. She…”
“…is dead. Now, we are all hunted like witches. You have to flee our hometown, our friends, our neighbors, our family members. I am divorced now. My husband divorced me.”
Streg softly said with a sad face. “I am so sorry…”
His father turned and stared at the walls. “What is this place?”
Streg softly said. “It is a …”
“…jail for killers.” Kuna sneered. “You are a killer. You are not part of our family anymore. We are moving to another city far way from here and changing our names. You will never find us. You will never look for us.”
Inkim jabbed her finger at her brother Streg saying with a sneer. “Are you listening to me? We have to leave all our personal possessions behind. Our house is burning, Streg. We left right behind the rebels invaded and set fire to our home, our house. We left out of there with only those clothes on our back. Let’s go, Dad! We can only stay a few minutes,” she looked down at her designer watch with a sour frown.
Kuna spun around and moved ahead to the closed door. “Good ridden, brother! Don’t call us ever!”
His father leaned down and assisted his wife from the chair to stand. His wife leaned into his chest, slowly moving ahead toward the closed door. His father leaned down with a whisper and a stern face into her eardrum. “It’s time. We must leave and go to our home in a new city.” His wife did not talk but continued to wipe off the tears from a red swollen face.
Streg stood in place with a sigh of deep sadness, “Mama…”
His mother continued to move ahead without viewing her only son with a set of tears inside her eyelashes and as her hand continued to wipe off the tears from each eye socket without words and soft sobs.
Kuna opened the door and moved ahead, exiting the room, leading the member unit back toward the front door inside the Center in silence with a lady sneer. His mother followed behind her daughter with a set of tears and sobs without a single word to Streg. His father continued to shove his wife toward the door without viewing his only son with a pair of eyeballs or a single word of encouragement also.
Inkim moved ahead with a sneer toward the open archway. “I hope you die here in unhappiness,” she exited the room and dashed toward the front door, leaving the Center with her family.
Streg stood in place in silence, feeling the hot tears of sadness. The tears rolled down his face. He stood in numbness. His mother didn’t kiss his cheekbone or say hello to him. The gang of soldiers didn’t bother him inside the small office room. After a few minutes, he slowly turned and moved back down the hallway, barely seeing the floor through the set of blurry tears. He entered back into the six feet by six feet prison cell for the rest of the week.
During the third week of prison, he accepted the rejection and the hate from his biological family members. Actually, he didn’t think about it. The mind was a fascinating organ. If Streg didn’t think about his family, then he didn’t feel sad.
His family was safe and far away from the gang of crazy American rebels from his hometown. His family would adjust and live a normal life, without his presence and danger. A witness inside the government protection program was very successful with a new life for any person or family.
Inside the military prison, Streg did not feel like socializing with the gang of soldiers or eating very lightly. So, his stomach was connected to his heart. The thoughts of food made his stomach turn. He turned the chair to the side and would it inside the chair for hours, looking to the outside through the set of sliding glass doors at the flying wildlife and the dead meadow. He found the window view peaceful and non-changing. He liked the idea of nothing changing. His life had changed too swiftly into destruction.
One month later, on July 1st, three days, before the Fourth of July holiday, on 
Sunday, which was Lord’s Day, at 08:01 am, of a blistering heated morning, sitting inside his boring prison cell, Streg was reading a new science fiction novel. He enjoyed reading a book, feeling the leather, touching the pages, not seeing the action on the television screen. He started reading the science fiction novels over the action novels, enjoying the pretend universe of bad guys versus good gals. The action novel reminded him of his days in the military branch.
The door swung opened and revealed the prison warden Canto. Canto exhaled with annoyance and thumbed back over his collar bone, "Streg, you got a visitor. So, get pretty and mine your southern boy manners."
Streg looked up and frowned at Canto. But Canto had back stepped from the open archway, marching back down towards the lobby area. Streg stood upright from the cushions and dropped the paperback down into the curvy seat, stretching his limbs, dropping both of his arms down by his side. He slowly exited out from his private prison room with a delightful hop accepting his permanently residence at the prison military base. Canto sometimes invited Streg for a lunch meal to discuss the old times in the Guard. He moved down an empty hallway and turned the wall corner, viewing the reception area, seeing a woman.
The woman wore a designer business suite in pretty tan hue and presented a plastic surgery facelift on an older than dirt pale tinted exterior skin. She was one of the popular politicians in the USA Congress standing inside a prison camp. She smiled and nodded to Streg.
Streg frowned at the familiar nasty politician and turned to see Canto. Canto continued to sneer and stared down at her faked brown tinted hair roots.
She smiled and spun around, moving back to the open archway. "This one will do nicely. Come with me, soldier!"
Streg returned back from Canto and growled at the back spine on the nasty politician, "My name is..."
She padded towards the open door that held two guards and shouted out loud back at the soldier. "A name is not important."
"Canto!" Streg whined to his friend and the prison ward.
Canto sneered at the back spine on the familiar female politician. "You are her new assignment, Streg. Follow the work rules! Do not break the work rules for reason!”
Streg returned back and exhaled with annoyance, slowly followed behind the woman and stopped beside the closed door on a parked white colored limousine and smiled with a whisper. “It is always black or back or rear." The guard opened the door and nodded to Streg.
Streg folded down and slid over the matching leather seat, beside the female politician, viewing the two other unknown individuals. The male was extremely tall and wide, not fat but muscular, wearing a smile, nodding to Streg in silence. The female was tall and slender, wearing a head of red colored long hair, sneering at the female politician, while ignoring Streg.

I feel the same way, honey!

The interior of the shiny, clean limousine was tan colored leather with a mini-refrigerator unit located in the corner of the opposite side door, a closed moon roof that emitted tons of bright sunlight down into the center of the plush tan colored carpet, which was replaced each year from fading.
The rear limousine door slammed shut by one of her US federal employees. The limousine started to drive away from the prison military base. On the shared bench seat with the politician, Streg turned and sneered at the nose profile on the female politician, who continued to dart her eyeball to each new employee. He growled. “What the hell is going on here?”
The female politician pointed to each person with a wicked grin. "Welcome, Soldier! You are now part of my new gang, with a new name, with all capital letters for power, ZGUYS." She laughed and clapped with delight. Then, her personal mobile telephone sounded with a classic musical tone. She looked down, read the new text message, and then answered with her own new text message.
The United States Coast Guard is one of the US military branches that is was operated by the USA Department of Homeland Security, working as an independent force. However, in times of war or presidential battle decisions, the USA Coast Guard force falls under the jurisdiction of the USA Navy armed forces.
The Aviation Training Center, in the city of Mobile, is one of the major flight facilities that guards the central part of the USA.  The other three flight facilities are located on the coastal areas of the United States of America.
Each military mission for the US Coast Guard branch is primarily nautical using the gigantic Hercules airplanes, including maritime law enforcement, marine environmental protection, aids to navigation, and ports, and waterways and coastal security. But any search and rescue operation can be conducted anywhere within America, including numerous inland activities, such like, ice patrolling, oil spill investigations, and illegal immigrant actions. Otherwise, the military base is flight ready at a moment’s notice to defend and fight for the American people, the American president, and the great United States of America.

Yeehaw!

The Center was established and housed the powerful HH 52 A aircraft providing training to new pilots and maintenance facilities, in the year 1963, 20 miles from Mobile Bay. Currently, the Center supports military troops and civilian personnel offices and family members, including office buildings, community centers, restaurants, basketball courts, fitness clubs, health clinics, and dental offices. That was the active and fun military base for all active and employed USA Coast Guard soldiers.
Streg was not an active or employed military soldier and lived for the rest of his at the USA Coast Guard Administration Building. The Administration complex held four individual buildings, which was connected by a concrete overhang and two walls of closely space cider blocks blocking out most of the falling raindrops and beams of bright sunshine on each person.
The largest building was designed like the alphabetic letter L, in dull tan hue, and held all of the numerous military offices for the Coast Guard branch. At the end of the L-shaped design, a tiny square-shaped, air-conditioned building, without a single glass windows lodged a set of military police officers, who were responsible for escorting each military prisoner around the administration campus. From the guard house without windows, the last square-shaped building on the overhang unit housed the Coast Guard military court room, a Coast Guard military judge, a set of individual prisoner cells, and an array of tiny private offices for the judge and his crew of Coast Guard military staff. In the middle of the L-shaped building, in the same tan colored hue, a small horizontal building blocked some of the glass windows and retained a set of military vicious prisoners, who were not housed at the military base for some special reason that only the current prisoner warden knew. On three sides of the small building, the cider blocks were solid tan hue, except for the four exterior walls. The long rear wall exhibited a row of ceiling-to-floor glass windows which viewed an island less than one mile even with the horizon. The Port of Mobile McDuffie Island housed cargo ships, big cranes, and small office buildings on the other side of the true island landmass.
Every day, since June, the first, Streg rested inside his permanent prison cell and viewed the clean glass windows, showing off the twinkling, glittering gently fresh water waves from the named Mobile Bay, without walking over the sandy dirt with a pair of naked feet or touching the warm water with one or both of his hands. That was his permanent punishment for his wicked deed, until his finally death day. Now, his death day seemed like an upcoming reality while still sneering at the crafty ancient woman, who had somehow twisted one of the higher military leaders and released or leased Streg into her civil services for some mysterious reason.
The limousine smoothly rolled onto the main highway leading in a southern direction away from the Coast Guard Administration building, which was strange.
The Aviation Training Center was located 20 miles due west from Mobile Bay and the Coast Guard Administration Building. However, the location of Interstate 65 was also located west of the Administration Building, which meant Streg and the two other unfortune individuals were living the city of Mobile.
Streg was very familiar with the city of Mobile as he was a native Mobilian. After the conviction of his wicked crime, Streg was sentenced to live the rest of his life back in his home town, remembering the old goods as a young kid, a rebel teen, and a lousy high schooler. He didn’t make a set of good grades for the college scene, so he enlisted into the USA Army, preparing his teen self into a responsible man.
At 08:11 am, with a heated morning, in the tan colored limousine, inside the rear compartment, Streg wiggled with worry and continued to stare with a stern face, ignoring the two unknown individuals, at the familiar wrinkled face on the old lady senator, who served the people of Alabama in the United States Senate, before Streg was birthed into this world. He growled. “Now, I am here sitting inside an air-conditioned limousine in the blasting heat in the month of June. What the meaning of the words, Zguys?”
She flipped her hand into the air and continued to smile down at the tiny screen on her mobile telephone, trying to address the silly question with a silly response. “I don’t know. The letter Z is for zoom or zone or zome or …”
“... zombie …” Streg laughed out loud with the unknown male, not the unknown female, who continued to snarl at the old senator. He frowned. “What’s my mission here as a member of the Zguys and gal, senator?”
She wiggled sideways with some nervousness after collecting the three murderers, but she needed their particular skills in completing her goal. She continued to fiddle with her personal mobile telephone with ignoring her three new employees. “I ask the questions. You answer the questions, not the opposite.”
He smiled. “Who are you?” Streg knew the identity of the ancient, popular, greedy, wealthy rude-less, and ugly lady.”
“I am not important.”
He chuckled. “I don’t think your voters will like that statement, senator.”
She looked up and grinned at Streg. “I am called Lady Senator to you and you and you. Right now, you are my employees. And I am the judge, juror and executor of justice.” She looked back down and fiddled with her personal mobile telephone.
He stared down at the colored brown tinted hair roots that did not cover up all of her gray hair stands while sneering at the woman. “I don’t think your voters will like that statement, Lady Senator.”
She laughed and continued to fiddle with the phone. “My people love me. My State loves me. My peers love me.” He gasped in shock. She looked up and stared out the glass window with a smile. “We are almost at our rendezvous point. Once we arrive, I will explain the mission.”
Streg gasped in alarm and turned to the side wall, viewing the buildings. The limousine continued driving south on South Water Street. He was clueless to the mission, angry at the senator, and worried about the two unknown individuals. He returned back and studied the male first. The extremely large male didn’t speak or grunt, only continued smiling at the senator. The smaller female continued to sneer at the senator and held her cupped hand onto the forearm on the extremely tall and wide male, like she was calming down his nerves. Streg exhaled with worry and returned back to view the glass window, seeing South Warren Street. The limousine ride had been sweet and short, traveling 1.2 miles from the Coast Guard Administration building.
The vehicle stopped in front of the old peach colored concrete building without killing the engine and parked behind a short, white tinted refrigerated cargo truck.
Streg continued to study the grassy park and frowned at the side glass window. “What are we doing in front of a dog park? This is a park for kids, dogs, and single couples, who wanna munch on a lunch. Did you bring the lunch picnic basket? Because I don’t see a cute doggie inside your lap. This is British Park. O! The name sounds similar to your last…”
She screamed at Streg. “Shut up!” An army of Black Suits appeared and surrounded the tan colored limousine, opening each rear door for all of the occupants. The senator scooted towards the open door and orders. “We are here. Shut up and get out! I am the queen bee boss. You are my three worker bee employees.” She exited the automobile and slowly scooted around the rear bumper, standing on top of the vanilla colored sideway, smiling at the rear end of the truck.
The unknown young adult female released the hand of her friend or fiancé, scooting from the bench seat first, standing upright, sliding sideways beside the tan paint on the vehicle and then watched her friend. The extremely tall and wide male slowly moved from the limousine, standing upright beside his female friend, nodding with a smile to each federal employee. They did not move or grunt or talk from the city street.
Streg continued to sit inside the limousine and exhaled with annoyance at the new situation. He had been comfortable inside his glass coated prisoner cell watching the flying seagulls and rolling cargo ships. Now, he was employed by a dirty, greedy politician, who only wanted money and power.
The closest federal government employees leaned down and stared at Streg. “Get outta of the car, sir!” He continued to lean down and stared at the young adult male.
Streg exhaled with annoyance but intrigue. He was clueless with his new mission and slowly scooted over the fine leather seat, standing upright on top of the vanilla concrete sidewalk, in silence, observing the new situation. The British Park consisted of flat green tinted grass blades and scattered cozy picnic tables for eating. The grassy area was surrounded by a tall black tinted iron gate for the dog lovers, who ran their mutt or thorough breed canine over the flat grass, until both were exhausted.
Streg was positive that the running, refrigerated small cargo truck had something connected his new civilian mission, since he was not a USA military soldier, but he had not figured out the role of the two unfamiliar individuals. Once he was away from the greedy senator and her army of Black Suits, Streg was running away from the mission and the two unknown individuals, escaping from his prison cell. He could find a way to one of the Caribbean islands living the rest of his days in the heated sun, slipping on cold beer. As a fugitive from the USA, he only needed a hut on the sand and cold beer for the rest of his life as a free man.
Streg smiled at the object which was his new getaway vehicle. “What is that?”
“That is a truck.” The senator pointed at the truck and nodded with a smile. “Your new assignment is to drive this truck from Mobile to the city of Atlanta, within the US State of Georgia.”
Streg turned and stared at the truck, shouting out loud with confusion. “That road trip is five hours less ten minutes starting from here in Mobile, senator.”
She growled at Streg for using the wrong name, “I am called Lady Senator! But I picked the right man. Yes, you are correct. The one-way trip is 328 miles north by northeast direction. Now, you will wear a uniform and drive below the speed limit, without speeding in record time towards the city of Atlanta.”
He looked up and shaded his eyeballs at the sunlight. “The time is after eight o’clock in the morning.” Streg returned back and frowned at the senator. “That’s means. We hit the city limits of Atlanta at before one o’clock or so, driving the speed limit all the way while stopping a few times for gasoline that feeds the truck. What’s inside the rear compartment, senator?”
She shook her fake colored brown hair strands on her seventy-year old body with a fresh facelift at Streg. “I am called Lady Senator. That is not a worry for your current assignment. You are to drive the speed limit, without getting a traffic ticket, traveling from Mobile to Atlanta. Stop and eat the breakfast meal, the lunch meal, a mid-afternoon snack, and the supper meal. You cannot arrive to your destination in Atlanta until eight o’clock pm, at night, during the nighttime hours.”
He frowned. “Eight o’clock, the sun falls down around that time.”
She winked at Streg. “Yes, I did pick out the right man. Yes, that is correct. The sun falls down and the truck lands at its final destination, right after dusk. That is your assignment. So, get started with the short trip and enjoy your day. Hand them a uniform and a tote bag! You are to wear the uniform, tee shirt, socks, and work boots. Take the package and slip on the uniform! Place all of your personal clothes inside the tote bag and return back to me!” Three of the Black Suits slowly scooted around the sidewalk passing out the items to three employees.
Streg frowned. “What is the purpose of our assignment, senator?”
“I am called Lady Senator. That is not a worry for your current assignment. Go and get dressed!” Senator sneered at the nose profile on Streg.
The unknown, slender, average height, young adult female and the extremely tall and wide young adult male accepted the two items with a head nod, in silence, moving ahead from the automobile, pacing towards the building which held a set of public bathrooms for the females and the males, who visited the park during the visiting hours of daylight. At night the park was closed to robbers, thieves, homeless people, and Mobilians.
Streg exhaled with annoyance and accepted the package, spinning around, moving towards the front of the cab. A wall of Black Suits blocked the pathway of Streg and pulled out a hand gun. Streg had his answer. This assignment was not optional, only dangerous.
The middle Black Suit didn’t point at hand gun at Streg but asked. “What are you doing, sir?”
Streg laughed. “O! You’re a cute female. I have noted your voice and your face, sweetheart. I’m going to change my clothes inside the rear compartment of the truck.”
She pointed towards the bathroom building using her flat monotone. “Please stay away from the rear compartment of the truck, which this locked and bolted for its protection! You must use the public bathroom building, sir!”
He frowned. “Use the public bathroom with all of that fresh and stinky male piss!”
She didn’t move her finger but continued to point at the squat, white colored building, “Use the public bathroom building and change your clothes, sir!”
“Yes, sweetheart! I’m moving ahead and pacing to the public bathroom, Men’s only. Thank you, honey! I’m grateful, darling!” He spun around and then moved ahead towards the building, encountering the unknown couple. The male nodded with a smile. The female didn’t bother viewing Streg, focusing on the senator, sneering with her stride.
Streg chuckled out loud and then whispered for his eardrums only. “Wait for me, honey! You attack first and kill the senator. Then, I’ll take out the rest of the Black Suits. Or at least, I’ll die trying. I wonder, if the big guy has some aggressive energy that he wants to blow off,” he laughed out loud with his new violent plan and entered the building, moving towards the Men’s Bathroom, quickly changing out of his regular prisoner clothes.

A few minutes later, at 08:23 am, Streg exited out from the public bathroom facility and turned to survey the park interior, which was empty of both humans and dogs. The weather was blistering heated and hot making his body sweat in the loose one-piece jumpsuit in dull tan hue. The ocean water was comfortably warm. All of the free people or non-workers were lounging at the sandy beach, eating handfuls of fresh seafood, swimming in the warm ocean waters, boating on the Gulf of Mexico waters or fishing on the ocean waters. However, he was here and stopped, standing in front of the senator and -her army of Black Suits.
The mysterious couple has disappeared from the vanilla sidewalk and entered the cab of the truck. All four of the doors were opened for the last prisoner…passenger.”
The senator sneered at Streg. “Get going!”
He nodded with a fake smile. “Yes, ma’am!” Streg moved ahead towards the driver’s seat and then skidded to a halt, spinning around, lifting both of his arms in the air. He nodded with a sweet smile back to the senator, “I forgot. I need…” One of the Black Suits moved ahead and extended a clothed arm, handing the item to Streg. Streg accepted the item studying his face on his personal driver’s license, looking up with a grin. “I need a mobile telephone to…”
“…no communication is needed back to me. The trip is 328 miles from the city of Mobile to the city of Atlanta within the US State of Georgia. You will drive below the speed limit. Do not break the law! Else, I will break something on you. I know the road trip is four hours and thirty minutes of time. So, you and your new crew take your time driving on the wild interstate, stop for gasoline, run the air-conditioning unit, take a coffee break, eat a meal, take a sweet tea break and eat a snack, go the bathroom. So, take your time! I repeat for both of your eardrums. Take your time! This is one of the blasting days of summer. The night drops at eight o’clock. You don’t need to arrive at the final destination until darkly dusk, not sunny, daylight hours. Do you understand me, soldier?”
Streg growled with annoyance at her ego and stored his personal Alabama driver’s license down into the chest pockets. “What happens if I get a flat tire or something else mechanic on the truck?”
“The truck is the newest state of the art machine. And there is a chest of tools underneath the rear bench seat, in case of an emergency. This is the reason for selecting two men and one female. A female is useless. I should know.”
“Where do we sleep the night? Do I rent a roach motel room with your money, senator?”
“I am called Lady Senator.” She sneered at the man, but Streg knew that as he continued to annoy his new employer for fun. She growled. “No. Do not rent a nasty roach infected motel room! There is plenty of room inside the cabin of that new truck. This truck contains a long rear bench seat for the large male. And each captain chair is oversized for sleeping comfort. You can use the cash money to buy a blanket and a pillow but keep all of the paper receipts. I need to write off the items from my government checking account,” she laughed.
He exhaled with annoyance at her arrogant. “Yes, ma’am!” Streg sharply spun around while softly cursing at the old woman, taking one step.
“Soldier!” She called out the fake name to piss Streg off.
He spun around and faked a smile back to the witch. “Yes ma’am!”
She nodded with a smile and slowly paced towards his upright body. “The final destination instructions are located in the glove box along with an envelope of cash money. I know how much cash money is in the envelop also. You can steal the money, but you do not have a place to hide. So, enjoy your day trip and take your time!” The senator stopped with a sneer and stood shorter than a taller Streg, leaning into his muscular chest, softly whispering her final only to him. “I know, like you know, only one person is needed for this simple driving assignment. You are the assignment. But I thought some companionship would provide a more pleasant trip. Now, if you somehow or someway or at some point double cross me and escape with my cargo or my cash money or my truck, then I will locate and execute your two crew mates, on sight. They are not battle trained, like you, they will not survive on the land, like you. So, I will not have any trouble as they are both in grave trouble with the police department. The police department would lovely enjoy eliminating them, for me,” she laughed out loud and spun around, pacing back to her federal government paid limousine, folding down at her thick waistline and leaned away from the rooftop, sliding back down into bench seat. One of her employees closed the limousine door and stood upright, nodding with a smile to Streg.
Streg gasped in alarm at the bodily death threat to the unknown couple plus his personal body, exhaling with annoyance at Senator Reed Cathy “Red Coat” British and her army of paid Black Suits, spinning around, sneering while cursing at the witch. He entered the passenger side of the truck, since the driver’s door was closed, loading into the passenger side, closing the door.
Inside the cabin of the limousine, the highly paid security protection guard who was the responsible chauffeur watched Streg, commenting to his employer. “That soldier is going to become a problem for us, Senator.”
In the rear compartment, on top of the leather bench seat, the senator fiddled with her phone working on the next problem, exhaling with annoyance. “I do not believe so. He lacks resources, not imagination. Imagination is fine and dandy and filled with fluffy thoughts, not with angry words, loud sounds or physical actions. Streg knows, like I know, he is a toasted slice of bread, if he messes up this assignment or any of his new assignments, while working for me. He is disposable at a moment’s notice. But you continue to spy and watch his all of moves. If he tries to cause trouble, then I will grant you permission to eliminate him and his two new friends,’ she laughed with the chauffeur. 

At 08:33 am, inside the truck cab, the unnamed female started the engine and allowed the motor to warm, double checking all of the lights on the dashboard for any trouble, “I’m driving.”
“Okay!” Streg nodded with a smile as she was already breaking the first rule from Lady Senator. Driving a vehicle, without a state-issued driver’s license. The senator would never allow each one of her new workers bees to possess a driver’s license, else each worker bee could run and hide someplace else. Streg liked the young adult female’s courage and boldness.
The extremely tall and wide male sat in the middle of the rear bench seat and leaned down, fiddling with a black tinted chest while humming a familiar country song without bothering the female or the second male.

At 08:34 am, the unnamed and unknown female driver carefully steered the truck leaving the park, driving down the main highway, blending into the traffic. 
Streg leaned over and opened the glove compartment drawer, seeing and grabbed the two items. “She told me the glove compartment interior walls contained treasure. One item, the driving instructions to the Atlanta Warehouse Building, number 189, where we dump off the hidden and secret cargo, and the second item is a fat envelope of cash money.” He opened the white tinted envelope and quickly counted the cash. “I would estimate there is three thousand dollars here inside this envelop in the dominations of twenties.”
She gasped in shock and continued to drive with the flow of traffic. “The senator is careless with her treasure grove. We should use the cash and escape from Mobile, instead of driving to Atlanta.”
He returned both items back into the glove compartment box for safety, slamming the draw shut. “Now, if you were dumb enough to commit a drive and then dumb enough to get caught with the same crime, then you are smart enough to know why that plan of action will not work out for all of us.” Streg laughed.
She gasped in alarm. “Are we being tailed by the Black Suits?”
He checked each rear view mirror and smiled. “Let’s find out! Pull into any one of the busy fast food restaurants and order me a tall cup of sweet tea. Park behind the restaurant, so we can quarry our prey, on sight,” he laughed. She slowed the truck and used the turning signal devise, pulling into the parking lot, stopping in the rear of the building. She did not exit the truck but watched the traffic, the people, and the roadway. 
Streg scanned the cars, the traffic, the people, and the parking lot, opening the door, sliding down from the truck, heading towards the restaurant with some of the cash money. He did not see another vehicle follow the truck into the restaurant parking lot or another vehicle stop and then park beside the gas station building beside the restaurant either. He entered the restaurant, waited his turn while scanning the traffic and the people, finally purchasing three beverages for him and his two new friends. He exited the building while still scanning the area for a tail and moved back to the truck, entering back into the passenger seat. He distributed the two cold beverages and commented back to the driver. “O! We are all supposed to keep all paper receipts, so the senator can write off the expense with the taxpayer’s monies, of course. I did not see another vehicle following us. What did you see after I went into the restaurant?”
She accepted the beverage and nodded with a stern face. “Thank you for the sweet tea beverage! I have not seen any suspicious activity in the parking lot, near the restaurant or the gas station beside the restaurant or a stranger hanging around his car, who might have been watching or spying on us or the truck. Each car driver is busy trying to get to work or to school or to home or to the beach. I do believe that we are cleared for a lonely road trip to Atlanta.” She slipped the cold beverage and placed down into the car holder, fiddling with the gears on the truck.
“I agree. We are not being tailed by one of her paid Black Suits, but the senator was not kind with her threats of punishment, if we all decide to escape and runaway with her cash money and her truck,” he chuckled with amusement. “I suspect that she has dirt on me that will result in some bad karma for her and a cold stillness for me, within her lifetime,” he laughed out loud without actually mentioning the death threat on the unnamed female and male, who did not seem like a married or dating couple. He was raised to honor all life forms including animals in the great State of Alabama first. He was an American soldier second and took an oath to protect all Americans, including these two strangers from the vile and vicious Senator British, who was probably a British spy for the country of England. 
He sipped the sweet tea and then smiled at the roadway. “So, I do believe this is the first stop of many stops before reaching the Warehouse Number 189. I’m ready to move.” Streg slipped the cold liquid and glanced back viewing the large male, who was sipping the cold beverage in silence. He turned back and studied the row of tall or short or glass or cider coated buildings. The driver nodded in silence and carefully steered the truck from the fast food restaurant, blending into the flowing traffic. He continued to study the building and asked. “Do you know the roadway to the city of Atlanta?”
She sipped and then swallowed the beverage driving with one hand the truck. “I have never visited the city of Atlanta or the US State of Georgia. But I’m traveling west on Interstate 10 from the dog park and then turning north, traveling onto Interstate 65.”
He said. “We travel on Interstate 65 until hitting Interstate 20, which will fly us directly towards the city of Atlanta. It is two hours and fifteen minutes, until we hit the city of Montgomery, in the lower half of the state. From the city of Montgomery, it is 90-minute ride to the city of Birmingham, which is in the middle of the state, and which we detour around the city and take Interstate 20. Then, another 90-minute ride, we will arrive into the outskirts of Atlanta, which lands us in the city of Atlanta around five hours and twenty-five minutes driving at 60 miles-per-hour plus pit stops and potty breaks and snack alerts. This is an easy assignment!”
“Yeah!” She finished the tea. “Tell me when you wanna stop again for a potty break or a plate of hot or cold food!”
“Okay!”
She veered the truck from Interstate 10 into Interstate 65 flowing with traffic. The interior cab was quiet and cold from the air-conditioning unit. Several miles down the interstate, she cleared her throat and asked. “What happened to you creating this situation with me?’
He laughed. “I could ask you the same question.”
“I asked you first.”
He smiled and pulled out his driver’s license. “What happened to me creating this situation with you? You don’t have a driver’s seat for driving this truck. You need one. Here!” He handed her the item.
She accepted the item and looked down at the name on the license, gasping his shock, slamming on the brakes, releasing the brakes and tossed the driver’s license down on the floor. She grabbed the steering column and gasped in shallow breathes of fright and fear and horror, staring at the roadway while controlling the truck movement. “You’re the You’re the…”
“…guy…” he laughed out loud and stared at the same roadway with little traffic. Streg was used to the reaction after murdering the first female President of the United States six months ago.
She exhaled and then inhaled deep breathes while controlling her thoughts, actions, and the movement of the truck. “Why? Why did you do it?”
He smiled. “I didn’t, do it.”
She frowned. “You did, do it.”
“I didn’t mean to do it.”
She nodded. “Okay! Why did you didn’t mean to do it?” What happened to her? What happened to you?”
He smiled. “Thank you for asking about me and not her.”
She nodded. “I didn’t vote for her, so I didn’t really care. Not that I am for murder and violence.”
“Really! How is it that you are here with me, an assassin, inside nice air-conditioned truck?” He chuckled.
She continued to drive with a sour frown. “Fine! Don’t tell me! I was pasting the time, since we are together for hours and hours and hours and hours. Where are we supposed to sleep the night, after our final destination and delivery of the mysterious cargo? What do you think is inside the compartment?”
“I don’t know either. But I hope it ain’t explosives, which are illegal and can blew this truck and us to kingdom come. Yes, I did ask that question about a nightly motel room with her cash monies, since she seemed more interested in her truck of hidden goodies rather than our comforts. She said to bump down inside the truck. There is plenty of room inside the new truck, within each oversized captain chairs and plenty of money for food and blankets and other necessaries. But you need to keep the paper receipts,” he laughed.
“She’s a lovely bitch!” 
He laughed again. “I couldn’t say it better myself.” Streg exhaled with disappointment. “I was assigned on top of the high rise building and watched the new first female President of the United States through my rifle scope for an attacker.  Then, the terrorist showed up on my side of the scope range. I targeted the right eyeball on the terrorist and then received the command to fire. The terrorist shifted the president over his right eyeball, so my fired and flying bullet hit her right eyeball instead, going through her bone skull, hitting the middle of his forehead next, slamming into the rear wall on the caboose. The bullet made a great big hole in the caboose wall and then went through a couple of more train walls, before stopping in the wall or down on the train floor. The bullet speed and impact instantly killed both of them.”
“So sad!” She continued to drive and nodded with sympathy.
“So bad! I was arrested, trialed, convicted, and sentenced the next day, all at the same time, from the military court. I had been serving a life sentence at the Coast Guard Administration building.”
She continued to drive below the speed limit using the cruise control down a lonely interstate roadway. The truck had cleared the city limits and was cruising through the rural parts of Alabama with tree-lined roads, a wide pale blue sky without clouds on a heated day in the month of summer. “Uh! That’s a weird place for a prison facility.”
He stared at the roadway and told his demon tale to the unnamed and unknown female driver. “Yeah, it’s a unique place for a prisoner. But the lousy leaders of our great country were afraid to place me inside a regular civilian or military jail cell, where I could incite a vicious rebellion against the reigning leaders of our US Federal Government officials. Half of our fellow countrymen and women did not vote for the first female President of the United States. When I had accidentally, not purposefully, murdered the madam president, half of the country celebrated with fireworks coming from armed weapons. The other half demanded my severed head on a fake silver tinted serving tray to parade around the city streets, which did not happen. I mean it was an accident. I got the bad guy and the badder gal,” he laughed as he did not vote for the first female president either. “So, the leaders placed me there on an armed military installation, where no other person or human or soldier or animal or crazy or nutjob could touch or harm or bother me for the rest of my day and nights. I was located inside a small building that overlooked Mobile Bay, where I can’t walk over the soft sands or touch the warm fresh water, which was more punishment reminding me of my lack of freedom.”
She nodded with a stern face. “I remembered the joyful celebration throughout the country from the half of the happy countrymen and women, including me, and all of the gossipy, juicy scandals that you were a plant and the boy for the male vice president, who instantly become the new President of the United States, the most powerful man on the planet. Then, in a bizarre case of crime, the new male President of the United States was caught up in bribes, money laundering, baby stealing, sedition and treason. Half of the country demanded his arrest and then his personal execution by hanging off the second balcony of the White House. I admit I wonder, if any of his lasting red tinted blood protein stains will every come off the wooden railing or that wooden porch,” she laughed. “I didn’t care as I didn’t vote for that party either.”
He exhaled with great disappointment. “My family denied me. My friends left me. My military soldiers refused me. I don’t have a wife or family or a girlfriend. That was convenient, for me. I was labeled a prisoner, not a traitor. The title of traitor gets a new neckline, like the former and dead recent guilty male President of the United States, because half of my fellow countrymen and women was very happy. Now, the country is in good hands,” he laughed out loud with her.
She said. “I am so sorry about your treatment, Streg.”
“This is not your life.”
“This is my life.”
“Pardon me!”
She exhaled with a puff of sour breaths. “Well, you don’t have to guess too many times here. I have had a terrible encounter also. Else, I would be sitting here, driving a truck with a haul of mysterious cargo out of the state of Alabama into the state of Georgia while talking to an assassin,” she laughed with Streg.
He turned and smiled at her nose profile, warmingly welcoming another convict on the road trip, “What did you do?”
She exhaled with nervousness, not from tattling, but recalling the incident of crime. “What did I do?”
“Ikko!” The extremely tall and wide young adult male called out to the female driver and stared down into the metal chest.
“Yes, Julius! Do you have a question?” The female driver was named Ikko and continued to steer the truck down an empty interstate roadway.
“What is this thing?”
“I am sorry, Julius. I cannot look at that thing, right now.” 
“It looks like a tiny dolly. Why is a tiny dolly in here?” Julius continued to stare and pointed down inside the metal chest.
Streg spun around and gasped in shock, viewing a stationary, opened metal chest, in front of Julius. Streg started feeling very worried, calmly stating back to Ikko. “Uh, Ikko! Your friend is pointing down at a metal box, which is sweating in water. Where did you get that chest, buddy?”
Ikko gasped in alarm and continued to calmly drive the truck. “Where did you get that chest, Julius?”
Julius continued to point down and stared inside the open metal box. “I grabbed the chest from the back of the truck.”
Streg exhaled with worry and calmly questioned the obviously slow-thinking young adult male. “Okay, Julius! Was the chest located outside the truck on the ground, buddy?”
“No.” Julius continued to point and stared down into the open chest.
“Was the chest located inside the truck cabin, buddy?”
“No.”
“Was the chest located underneath the belly of the truck, buddy?”
“No.”
Streg was becoming both nervous and scared with the negative answers from the massive young male, swallowing the bitter bile back down his tight throat, asking with a soft voice. “Did you find that chest behind that closed door, buddy?”
Julius looked up and smiled at Streg. “Yes.”
He gasped in alarm and faked a smile at Julius, “Ikko, please slowly pull over off the interstate and then into a gas station for some gasoline. We will fill the tank and replace that sweaty metal box back into the rear compartment inside this truck.”
“Yes.” She gritted her teeth and flipped on the steering column blinker, notifying the cars behind the truck of the turn, carefully exiting the interstate. She stopped at the stop sign and carefully looked for on-coming cars, finding a clear country roadway and turned onto the new road, steering a few more yards down the street. She pulled into a gas station and stopped at the gas pump, like the truck needed gasoline while faking the problem with any and all spies from Senator British. She killed the engine and exhaled with worry.
Streg returned back and opened the glove compartment grabbing a wad of cash money, “I’ll go and pay in cash for the gasoline. And I’ll pick up a sack of junk food and beverages for the rest our trip. Why didn’t you find out how he was able to get that chest out from the rear compartment?” He opened the door without panic, even though his inners were fluttering with a death act on his body as he was responsible for the secret cargo. He slid off the seat standing on top of the smooth concrete, exhaling with worry. He slowly moved ahead giving Ikko time to work her friend and understand the incident, entering the store with a fake smile of worry.
“Yes,” she spun around and faked a smile to her long-time friend. “Julius, I like your metal case. You mentioned that you find that chest behind that closed door. That door is locked with a metal box with a secret code. How did you open the door?”
Julius turned and smiled at his old friend. “I was bored, after climbing into the back of the truck cab with nothing to do and turned around, seeing the tiny metal box mounted into the side of the door frame. I reached out and started typing in numbers and then heard a soft pop sound. The tiny door popped open. I swung the door and grabbed the first chest box, lifting the box over the long seat, sitting the chest on top of the floor mat. There is another tiny metal box on the chest. So, I played with the numbers and then heard a tiny pop sound. The lid on the chest popped open. I looked inside and found this tiny dolly. What is a tiny dolly doing inside this chest, Ikko? Why isn’t the dolly with its child person?”
She exhaled with deep worry coming from Senator British. Ikko recognized evil people. Senator British was an evil person, who would punish or maybe murder all of them for opening one of her secret boxes from the locked rear compartment. The white tinted truck did not display the name of a company or a colorful, clever company logo, so the truck trip was illegal or some type of secret US Federal Government work. Ikko thought quickly. “Julius, I am glad that you opened the door and found the chest. Now, the fun is done. Can you please replace the heavy box back into the area compartment?” Ikko saw Streg. He held a sour frown and a large sack of groceries, slowly padding behind the truck bumper and stopped beside the gas pump. He placed the bag on top of the gas pump and started filling the tank with gasoline. She exhaled with worry and calmed her emotions, softly talking to Julius.
Julius was not a dummy but performed slow-thinking thoughts inside his active mind. He did not present a known medical condition that a medical physician could diagnosis and treat. And he was extremely kind and gently for a large gigantic person. However, a person had to act very happy with Julius, before he became upset and then destroyed something or someone.

At 09:34 am, on a heated morning, Streg finished his task and loaded back into the passenger seat, presenting the bag of food to Julius as a present of peace, not war. Julius turned with a smile and accepted the bag of items, placing the bag beside his person, rummaging inside the sack for a yummy snack. His attention was occupied and removed from the box, Streg, and Ikko.
Streg leaned over and whispered to Ikko. “We need to move away from the gas pumps and park to the side of the building.”
“Yes.” She started the engine and carefully shifted the gears, steering the truck around the rear of the building, working on the current issue.
Streg stayed in her face and asked. “And what do we do next?”
She whispered back to Streg. “Julius is very smart man, not dumb. He has this special ability to decode any type of numeric box using his active mind and his fingers. Once he entered into the rear seat inside the truck, he saw the metal box with the keypad and started punching in numbers. Then, magically, he did his thing and opened the door, seeing the metal box. And each metal box has a metal box with a keyboard also, so he opened that box too and looked inside the walls.”
He frowned. “Geez! Madam Bitch didn’t want us to see her secrets.”
“Look! All the secrets are still secrets. However, Julius can reopen the door again and replace the box back into its cozy, cubby hole, without incident. Then, we drive and find one of the rest car parks and go to the fun playground facility for Julius to talk to the birdies. Then, we load back into the truck an do it again. We have until eight o’clock tonight before we must deliver this cargo in this truck.” Streg nodded in silence, not to upset Julius. She stopped the truck without killing the engine and spun around, smiling at her friend.
Julius was eating one of the delicious messy cupcakes with dark colored chocolate frosting on his face, pointing down into the open box, asking the same question. “Why is this tiny dolly inside this metal case? Why isn’t the tiny dolly with its small child person?”
Ikko placed the truck in park and struggled upright from the driver’s seat, folding down at her fitted waistline, trying to view the internal contents in the metal box. Julius will not stop asking the question, until he received an answer.
Streg sat in the passenger seat in silence and pulled out the trip instructions, re-reading the information, working his mental thoughts. He was familiar with the city of Atlanta, after attending all of the sporting events and he was familiar with the main roadways of Alabama, plotting the next planned stop to entertain Julius, keeping him away from the locked rear door. The extremely large man was too big for sitting in the passenger seat.
Ikko stood in a crouch in-between the two captain chairs, bumping into the hard head on Streg, who didn’t mind, leaning down over the lid, viewing the object. She gasped in shock and punched Streg. He spun around and stood upright from the captain chair, crouching down from the short rooftop, leaning over the back rest and a shorter Ikko, gasped in horror. He sat back down and opened the door, sliding off the seat, yelling at Ikko. “Take the chair, Ikko! I’m driving now.” Ikko wrestled with the arms on each oversized captain’s chair and sat down in the passenger seat, staring out the window, exhaling with horror, after seeing the object.
Streg was quick and entered the driver’s seat, flipping the gears. “Julius, you’re a good man. We are going to travel and find the little girl that belongs to the tiny doll. So, you go ahead and closed up that chest for me. Okay!” Julius continued to eat the messy cupcake and reached out, slamming the lid shut, reprogramming the secret code on the metal chest. Streg hollowed and slowly steered the truck from the gas station and back onto the interstate. “Hold on! We are heading to the rest park which is about ten miles north of here and then we will park and figure out how to find that little girl,” he swiftly sped down the roadway.
Ikko continued to sit and felt horrible. “You shouldn’t drive so fast. You’re get pulled over by the highway patrol officer.”
He laughed. “I’m the one with the valid Alabama driver’s license. I only get a ticket, which will never be paid.”
She exhaled with worry. “Are we really being tailed?”
“No! I have been scouting the other cars, the roadway, the skyline for other vehicles, since we left the Coast Guard Administration Building. There are not any cars behind us or airplanes above us or any cars before us. We are here alone and scared. I’m scared, too, Ikko.”
She continued to stare at the roadway, without a plan of action. “What is your plan? You have a plan. You keep planning to find the little girl for Julius.” She used his same code words.
He continued to speed down the interstate while plotting out his new plan, “Yes, I have a plan.”

Evergreen is a city in Conecuh County, within the US State of Alabama, with a current population of people at 4,004 and total land area of 20.01 featuring 15.75 square miles of land and 0.26 square miles of water with 242 feet above sea level from the Gulf of Mexico warm ocean waters.
Historically, early pioneers came from the US States of Georgia and South Carolina in the year 1818. The US State of Alabama was accepted into the USA in the year 1819. In the same year, the town of Evergreen was established by Revolutionary War veteran soldier James Cosey. The new settlers named the new land Evergreen for the abundance of surrounding green colored groves of trees, rows of bush plants, and large plant ferns over the brown tinted dirt.
Evergreen became a city on March 28, 1873.
In the year 1882, a tornado destroyed the church. On November 7th, in the year 1895, a fire destroyed businesses and houses on the east side of the city. On November 12th, another fire destroyed the businesses and houses on the western side of the city. The court house burned in the years 1868, 1875, 1885 and 1895.
Interstate 65 roadway passes on the northwest side of Evergreen town limits, which is 75 miles north towards the capital city of Montgomery, and 90 miles south down towards the beach town of Mobile.

Ten minutes later, at 09:44 am, Streg didn’t bother with the turning signal on the truck and exited the interstate, carefully steering the vehicle into the rest park area, parking inside the last empty slot away from the other stationary automobiles and delivery trucks and killed the engine. He spun around and smiled at the different colors of cream on both of the cheekbones of Julius. “Buddy, I need a favor.” Julius looked up and smiled with colored food particles in-between his teeth. Streg nodded. “We are getting out of the truck first and then we are going to play around the park with the grass and trees. Does that sound like fun?” Julius nodded with a smile and then continued to eat. Streg nodded. “Next, we are going to move around and stand at the rear of the truck. I want you to open the rear door on the truck. Can you do that for me?” Ikko gasped in shock and didn’t understand Streg’s new plan but remained quiet without alarming her friend Julius. Julius nodded with a colorful smiled. 
Streg winked with a smile. “Great! Everyone, get out and meet behind the truck!” He opened the door and slid down, slamming the door, without locking the vehicle and dashed around to the rear door, standing nervously in place. He waited and watched for other cars or strange people, which did not present themselves to Streg.
Julius and Ikko took their sweet tea time strolling around the side of the truck and arrived standing at the side near the rear door. Streg pointed to the metal box and nodded with a smile. “Julius, can you please open the door for us.” Julius held the sack of junk food and slowly spun around, smiling at the grassy park, the grove of trees, the flock of flying birds with happiness, looking forward to the new fun adventure. Streg grew both nervous and inpatient, asking kindly again. “Julius, if you open the door first, then you can go and play with the birdies.” Julius spun around and moved ahead, reaching out, punching numbers into the metal box. Two minutes later, the rear door unlocked and slightly popped open. He back stepped from the open door on the rear end of the truck and then spun around, smiling at the new playground, still cuddling the bag of groceries.
“You’re the man, Julius! Thanks for opening the door.” Streg rushed ahead and slammed opened the door, viewing nicely stacked black tinted metal boxes. “O my stars!” He reached out and pressed the button, activating the automatic forklift that was built into the new truck. The forklift released from the holding clamps and silently dropping down onto the hard pavement.
Ikko stood in place and gasped in horror of the rows and columns of matching black tinted metal boxes, “O mercy!”
Streg back stepped and pointed to the top of the last row with his new order. “Julius, you are still the man. Please climb onto the forklift platform, fly in the air and retrieve the first row of black tinted metal boxes for Ikko.” He chuckled with his wordy deception without seeing Julius. Streg spun around and gasped in alarm. Julius was staring at the new landscape, not interested in the hard work. Streg exhaled with worry. “Julius, do you remember that we are looking for the little girl child that is missing her little tiny dolly?” Julius spun around and nodded to Streg. Streg smiled. “Well, we need some more help in finding the little girl child. Please step onto the forklift platform first. I am going to lift you up in the air. Then you reach out and remove the top row that holds three black tinted boxes, placing each one on top of the platform with you. Then I will slowly bring down the forklift platform back to the ground. Then you can go and sing to the birdies.” Julius mentally thought about the order and nodded his skull in silence, handing the sack of food to Ikko. She accepted and watched her friend.
Julius moved ahead, stopping on top of the platform. Streg pressed the green button. The platform slowly lifted up and then halted at the highest setting while easily reaching the top row of boxes. Julius reached over and lifted the top three heavy metal boxes from the spot, placing each one around his body. After he finished, Julius stood upright. Streg pressed the red button. The platform slowly dropped down and landed down on the ground with Julius and the three boxes. Streg nodded with a grin. “You are still the man. Can you please work your finger magic and open all three boxes for Ikko?” Julius leaned down and punched each individual tiny metal devise on each item with magical numbers, until each box cracked open but did not reveal the hidden time. Streg watched and then quickly stated at the back spine on Julius with a smile and pointed at the playground park. “You’re still the man. Thank you, Julius! Go and play in the grass! Have fun!” Julius stepped off the platform and held out his two hands. Ikko placed the food bag back into his hands. He slowly scooted around her and strolled towards the grass. Streg softly chuckled at the simple man with the simple mind, spinning around, approaching the three boxes and then felt more worry and fear of the new hidden contents.
Ikko quickly whirled around to see Julius and then spun back around, facing the back spine on Streg, dashing ahead, stopping beside the assassin. “What are you doing? You are getting us into more trouble. We don’t wanna look inside more locked boxes. We wanna delivery all of the closed and intact boxes and be done with this illegal act.”
Streg squatted down at the first open box and looked around the park first, returning back, staring at the cracked lid, slowly opening the box. “This is your chance to see the new object. I wanna peek at the item for a half-a-second. Then I’ll close shut and lock it back.”
She gasped in alarm and squatted down, almost cuddling with Streg, keeping a pair of spying eyeballs away from the hidden item. He slowly opened the lid just enough to reveal the item, seeing a tiny red-colored shape. “O my stars!”
She gasped in shock. “Is that what I think it is?”
“Yes,” he gently closed the lid and scooted with her on top of the platform to the second box, flipping open the lid, seeing a new object. “Yes,” he closed the lid and scooted with her to the third box, lifting the unlocked lid, viewing the third object. “Yes,” he closed the lid and continued to squat, whispering back to her. “Yes, these are individual human, not alien baby parts from a successful abortion. The beach town of Mobile is one of the popular hot spots for legal abortions of growing baby fetuses inside a guilty biological human mother, who does not wanna become a mother. That tiny baby dolly was a complete and intact fetus less than four months old. I am not a medical physician.  In my old line of work, I needed to understand the human body including infants and child.”
She growled. “We’re in deep trouble.”
“No. We haven’t done anything wrong here. Senator British is the evil villainous in this demon tale.”
She nodded. “I agree. So, we let Julius sing to the birdies for thirty minutes and then all we load back into the truck, hitting the interstate, flying to the city of Atlanta. I don’t want him seeing any more of those human body parts. He will...”
Streg asked. “What’s wrong with him?”
“There is nothing wrong with him. He is slow-thinking person and is a kind and gentle soul. He doesn’t understand vile people or violent acts. He will not understand what these things are? What kind of human baby body parts are these objects, anyways?”
He exhaled with angry. “The first box contains a baby’s heart organ. The second box is a baby’s liver. The third box is a baby’s brain. Each one of these boxes are human babies that died for greed and money and power from a set of evil humans. I am so mad. I could toss each box down from the cargo bind and remove the baby body parts, burying them in the ground, praying over their little abused human flesh and tissues with true Christian service.”
“We can’t do anything like that. I agree with you. I wanna do something. However, we are not in a position to do something.”
Streg stood upright and exhaled with angry, shaking his bone skull, dropping off the platform onto the ground. He paced back and forth working his brain cells. “I do believe that we can do something.”
She stood upright and gasped in shock, spinning around, stepping off the platform, “What are you saying? What are you talking about?”
He spun around and moved back to the three boxes, shutting each lid relocking the metal devise, sitting down and pretended to enjoy the woodlands scenery, “Sit down on top of the box like we’re taking a break from the long truck ride. I don’t wanna a stranger coming up here and asking some nosy questions about the truck or the boxes.”
“Yes. Yes. Yes, I agree.” She moved ahead and spun around, sitting on the second box beside Streg, nervously flinging her crossed leg in the air. She watched Julius and worried about their future days hanging around Streg and working for Senator British.
He smiled. “I have a great plan. We need to replace each dead human baby part body with something else.”
“What! What are you talking about? Replace a human baby part body with what else? We use a live or dead adult human body part.”
He nodded. “This is a crazy idea.”
She frowned. “This is a crazy ride.”
“A human baby body part is tiny. We replace each human baby body part with a dead chicken body part. A chicken possesses a heart organ, a liver, a spleen, and a brain. So, we open each box and rob the human baby body part, replacing with a dead chicken’s body part. No one will know the difference.”
She exhaled with deep worry and annoyance at the new guy, “You are insane, Streg. This conversation is insane. I am insane hearing this insane idea. Look! This is not going to work. We can’t do anything. I wanna do something. We need to gather Julius and we need to get back onto the road, driving fastest to Atlanta without getting arrested. That’s the new plan.”
He didn’t yell or move from his spot, sitting on top of the metal case. “We have until eight o’clock at night during darkness to implement our …”
“…your plan…”
“My plan involves my friend. He is a…”
“I do believe your plan has merit. But they’re going to know which human baby body part is missing from which black tinted box, Streg.”
He shook his long blonde tinted curls, “No, they are not. The new truck does not hold the name of a company or a colored logo from another company. Our uniforms do not show the name of the company. We didn’t release manifests of items on paper or an electronic file or an electronic computer, that reveals what is inside each box. Each box is packed and locked from spying eyeballs and for non-identification purposes and safe security.”
“They could have sent all of that information electronic by computer.”
“No! They would not send out electronic information regarding stolen or purchased human baby parts from numerous legal abortions by computer or by mobile telephone or by email or by computer or by any electronic means. They would not dare use a traceable computer file.”
She nodded with a smile and watched Julius, who enjoyed the late morning hours near the grove of trees. “They mailed a letter.”
“They are sending three worker bees coming from the queen bee, who are all disposable and expandable. Honestly, I’ll tell you the truth here. Once we arrive at the final destination point and delivery all of the illegal cargo items, I plan to fight with everyone, before they kill me dead. Can Julius fight with his fists? Why bother to pay us, for an illegal job? Why bother to spend the night at a nice hotel room, after our short and illegal assignment? We are three convicts. I am not on death row, but I am sentenced to life for my crime. However, even a drug mule gets cash monies and a nice hotel room.” Streg smiled and enjoyed watching Julius in the grassy park. “Look! I don’t see the future. I don’t know what is going to happen. But my guts feel different. Right now, I know the cargo items and I wanna bury these tiny babies in the eyes of them and Almighty God. Look! I can do this alone. Why don’t you take the cash money and run away from the park and the truck and the boxes and me?  I will drive both of you to …”
“Stop! We are a team. We are in this together. Yes, Julius and I can both fight to the death, if that happens. Anyways, I’m dead, if I leave and then escape from this assignment. Julius will dead, if he leaves this legal or illegal or secret new assignment also. I like your idea and your honor. We replace each dead human baby body part with a dead chicken part. When do we leave to start our new plan? We need to get to work on this new strategy, before we need to arrive at eight o’clock. What do we do first?”
He turned and smiled at Ikko. “My army buddy is a chicken farmer and lives in the town of Alabaster.”
She gasped in shock and turned to see Streg. “The town of Alabaster is on the way of Interstate 65 but sorta off our planned road trip and is two hours and fifteen minutes from us, here in Evergreen rest park.”
He nodded with a smile. “Look! The total driving time is still two hours and fifteen minutes from here with 75 miles to the city of Montgomery and then another 60 miles to Alabaster. So, we will have plenty of travel time. I need to contact my chicken farmer friend, so he can start pulling out dead chicken hearts, spleens, livers and brains.’
She gasped in shock. “How can your chicken farmer friend do that so quickly?”
“He owns a chicken farm and a chicken facility that cuts up each dead chicken. He has parts and pieces of dead chicken body parts lounging down on the bloody floor. And he is an American patriot. Once I explain what I found…”
“Why would he trust you? You murdered the first female president.”
Streg laughed. “He didn’t like her either and didn’t believe the demon tale on my fanny. He was not allowed to visit me at my prisoner building. He had called me, right after the event and laughed his ass off, offering any assistance in terms of money or guns or men or an escape to an ocean island from my abusive treatment from our lovely US Federal Government. I turned him down. I am not a criminal. I am a patriot of the USA. I am an American, the home of the brave and the land of the free. I did not nothing wrong. I was following orders from my employer, the United States of America. I want justice. Now, I’m going to get my justice, if it is only for a short time against one foe, honoring these dead bodies that sacrificed their tiny lives for greed, power and monies. Maybe, I’ll die and ascend into heaven, then Almighty God can hug me.”
She smiled. “He will. He loves all of us. All right! I’m ready. When do we leave?”
He nodded with a smile. “I agree that driving to the town of Alabaster is out of our trip route. I need to contact my farmer friend. I need a mobile telephone to contact my friend, so he can start collecting all of the chicken hearts, livers, spleen and brains for each metal box. After this event, I am never eating a piece of chicken again. I asked the senator for a phone, but she refused, of course. Did you hide a phone on your person, by chance?”
“No chance with me!” She laughed. “We could buy one.” Ikko spun around and viewed the cargo inside the rear of the trunk. “How many chicken parts do you need?  You need to give your farmer friend a math number.”
He spun around and studied the measurement of the truck. “No! She wants all of the paper receipts and each burn phone needs another phone to set up the connection. That’s a good point. The delivery truck’s external dimensions are eighteen feet long by nine feet wide by eight feet high. Each metal box is two feet tall by three feet wide and two feet long. The top row displays three metal black tinted boxed across taking up the internal width of the truck space. There are nine columns of boxes lengthwise heading back from the opening to the cabin and three boxes across which is nine times three equals 27 boxes on the bottom layer inside the floor of the cargo rear. The boxes are stacked four in each column. The math number four times a layer of 27 boxes equal 108 boxes. So, I must replace 108 boxes with chicken parts consisting of a heart or a spleen or a liver or a brain. Now, I need a phone to contact my chicken farmer friend.”
“Streg, is this really going to work? We only viewed four metal boxes. One contained an intact fetus, which is clearly not a dead small farm chicken, without the skin. The other three boxes displayed an individual human body part. But, more of the boxes could contain other human baby body parts and maybe some baby blood proteins. You and I are taking a big chance with…” she exhaled with angry and worry. She and her two team mates were destined to die, after the completed assignment that was the only explanation for her existence on an illegal run of human baby parts. Ikko accepted her final fate and spun around, studying the ancient brick-coated building that held bathrooms and vendor machines, pointing to the structure. “There could be an old fashion pay telephone into the park building. This is the US State of Alabama,” she laughed at the comedy of the situation and the backwardness of her home state.
He spun around and smiled at the structure. “Right! Right! Stay here and guard all of the boxes and the truck. Don’t let a stranger near the vehicle. I’ll be right back in a few minutes,” Streg raced ahead with a smile and his brilliant plan, leaving Ikko, watching Julius, who enjoyed the trees, the birds, and the grassy park. He entered the building and scanned the new environment. The room air smelled. The walls were dull paint from the 1970s. the floor was dirty. The interior brick decoration was broken off the walls. The ceiling was painted in shades of tan hue. In the middle of the floor space, a large, square-shaped wooden table stood alone and lonely, holding tiny stacks of colorful papers and pamphlets that introduced all of the fun vacation spots throughout the US State of Alabama. The wooden table did not present a set of sitting chairs for the visitors to the State of Alabama.
The room was square-shaped. The entrance held an open archway for a pair of double doors. Each side of the open archway displayed a row of semi-clean or semi-dirty glass windows that showed the front lawn of dried grass, pods of wildflowers, and groves of trees, part of the gray-tinted parking lot, and some of the interstate gray-tinted roadway, if you were really visiting the rest park and exploring the grounds. Each side wall displayed a single, semi-dirty glass window that presented the other side of the grassy park, more parking spaces, and groves of trees, the pale blue skyline and rows of white clouds in-between a dirty wall of enclosed glass cases that exhibited ugly faces on each escaped fugitive from the law.

Yeah, this is a weird place for that display.

Inside each wall corner next to the other long wall, a bathroom archway exposed the dirty walls into either the female bathroom or the male.
The opposite long wall from the doorway held an array of colorful machines with numerous food or cold beverage items.
Streg spotted an old fashioned telephone beside Men’s Bathroom and the last food machine. “Yes. Yes. Yes.” He dashed ahead and slammed into the upright old fashioned telephone in black hue with chuckles of happiness, pulling back, whipping out a wad of cash money and found one dollar bill, US. He held the bill in the air and searched the phone slot for money, not finding the slot for dollar bills, only coins. “What! You don’t one dollar bills, only coins. He replaced the money back into his trouser pocket and slapped both hands over his one-piece tan colored uniform searching for change, finding a dime, which was worth ten cents, US. “I need more coins. I can’t call collect. His wife might answer the phone and report me to the authorities. I must talk only to my friend with my brilliant plan. I need coins. I’ll go and find a money bank and exchange the dollars for some coins,” he back stepped and spun around, dashing down the wall of food machines, skidding into a halt. “Food machines, they give back coins.” He turned and placed the dollar inside the machine, selecting the cheapest item on the wall, pressing the button. A pack of mint fresh chewing gum dropped down from the wall and landed down in the bend while the machine dropped down the change from the dollar bill. Streg grabbed the coins and left the gum inside the bend for another person. “Now, I have fifty-five cents plus ten cents equal sixty-five cents. I need one or two or three dollars in coins for the telephone call to Cullman. This is taking too long. I’m running of time.” He whipped out the wad of cash and flipped through each twenty dollar bill. “Twenty. Twenty. Twenty. My wad of cash is only twenty dollar bills. I need coins, not dollars. I need go to the bank,” he back stepped and spun around from the telephone, exhaling with worry, taking one step and then halted. “Flat tire! Chest of tools! Rear bench!” Streg spun aback around and smiled at the line of food machines. “Coins, I have found coins.” He whirled around from the wall of food machines and raced from the building, running ahead towards the truck and Ikko, slamming into the rear passenger door with chuckles. He pulled back and opened the door, searching the underbelly of the rear bench seat.
“What! What happened? Did you call your farmer chicken friend? What are you going?” Ikko moved ahead and stopped a few feet from Streg, standing with confusion.
He pulled back and cuddled a heavy chest of tool, dragging over the floor, gently lowering down onto the pavement. “I need a tool. I found a wall of food machines. I need coins, not dollars for the old fashioned pay phone.”
She gasped in alarm. “No! You can’t do that.”
He squatted down and opened the lid, pulling a sledge hammer in the air, slowly standing upright, spinning around and winked at her. “I found my tool. Time for work!”
“No, Streg!” She shouted out loud and swirled around following his back spine with worry and annoyance at the man.
Streg raced ahead with the heavy tool and re-entered the building, stopping in front of the middle food machine, prating his legs. He reached backwards with both of his arms, like a baseball stance, with the sledge hammer, swinging forward and hit the middle of the thick glass son the food machine. The glass shattered first, broke into individual shards, dropping down over the floor, inside the slot machine, and on Streg. He continued to swing the sledge hammer at each food machine releasing his angry at the senator, frustration at the government, and madness of the terrible satiation, beating each glass door off each machine, exposing all of the food items.
He stopped at the last machine and dropped the hammer down onto the floor, reaching through the clear archway, grabbing a handful of coins. He moved back to the telephone and stuffed the metal guts of the phone with numerous quarters, quickly dialing the recalled his friend telephone number.
His chicken farmer friend had been another fellow Army buddy with Streg. His friend performed his American duty and then was honorably discharged, after inheriting the chicken farm from his grandfather’s death. His friend missed the Army life but was obligated to his family life, a trait of an American.
The dial tone connected and started ringing. Streg had the ability to remember numbers and recalled his friend’s personal mobile telephone. A male answered the phone. Streg was relieved the voice was his friend and shouted with excitement into the receiver. “Coup! This is Streg!”
Paused.
Streg smiled. “Thanks, man! I didn’t escape. And I don’t need guns or money; but I need your help.”
Paused.
Streg said. “Our lovely Alabama Senator British in the US Senator is passing dead human baby body parts onto someone. I’m working for her…”
Paused.
“Yeah, that’s another demon tale. Right now, I’m working for her driving a refrigerated truck with all of the human baby body parts from Mobile to Atlanta.”
Paused.
“Thanks, Coup! I knew that I and the American people could count on you. I wanna replace 108 boxes with fresh and dead chicken parts of hearts, spleens, livers, and brains…”
Paused.
He frowned. “Stop laughing at me, Coup! This is my brilliant plan. Do you wanna help me fight evil? Can you do this with me?”
Paused.
He nodded. “Look! Thanks, man! I’m 90 miles north of Mobile and 135 miles south of Alabaster. So, if I drive at 70 miles-per-hour or faster, then I’ll arrive two hours and ten minutes at your farm, where you live. I’m leaving right now. I’ll be there at 12:01 pm or so, then we can start working on my brilliant plan.”
Paused.
He smiled. “Thanks! Thanks for helping me and these abused babies, buddy! Bye!” Streg replaced the receiver down onto the phone and spun around, grabbing the sledge hammer, scooting around the scattered packs of food items and raced out the door. He run ahead towards Ikko and the truck, dropping down the hammer, colliding into her body and swung her around. He shouted out loud with delight and then halted, facing her. “I called my chicken farmer friend. He likes my plan. I’ll leaving right now.”
She smiled and nodded several times with the good news. ‘Great! Great! I’ll go and fetch Julius.”
He frowned. “No! I’ll go alone and lonely. Julius will not…”
“… know …” She nodded with her understanding and worry for her friend Julius. He would not comprehend the new plan and then accidentally, of course, tattle the new information to the wrong parties, which would endanger his life and Ikko’s life. She said. “I feel bad that you are performing the new assignment alone and lonely,” she faked a smile.
Streg exhaled with worry. “You need to feel bad, if our new plan doesn’t work and all of us are facing the barrel of a shotgun, after our botched assignment.” She nodded with a stern face in silence. “I’m leaving right now for the city of Alabaster, which is located south of metro city Birmingham. The truck ride is two hours and some minutes at rapid speed from here to Alabaster chicken farm. Then, the switch work might take two more hours to do it right. Now, the time is after 09:57 am. I will arrive in Alabaster at 12:02 pm or so, completing the work by 2:00 pm or so and returning back here to collect you and Julius at 4:00 pm or so.”
She shouted in panic. “That’s too late! The road trip from here to the city of Atlanta, Georgia is still a travel time of four hours and thirty minutes, which places us there after eight o’clock, the bitching hour. We’ll be exposed and found and discovered and then …”
He nodded with a smile. “So, I’ll speed to Alabaster and then speed back and then speed to Atlanta, Georgia making up the time. We arrive a nighttime. I’ll pretend to become drunk and stupid. All people feel sorry for the drunker. O! I broke out all of the thick glass plates on each food machine in a set of rage and angry and hatred and I do feel better, after stealing some quarters for the old fashioned telephone. Go and get all of the food times for you and Julius, before the other visitors steal them! Stay cool and calm! I’ll be back like Arnold quotes,” he chuckled in amusement.
“What! What!!” She waved both of her arms in the air and screamed at Streg, dropping her arms to her side, spinning around with a smile. “He broke out the glass plate in the food machines. The vendor machines contain food and beverages. Yeehaw!” She raced ahead toward the building while ripping off her jumpsuit, exposing her regular clothing. She would use her jumpsuit and collect as many food items as possible for their refreshment items, until Streg returned back later this evening for the final delivery of the dead chicken parts. She disappeared into the building laughing out loud with delight.
Inside the cab on the truck, Streg slammed the rear door and ensured it locked, racing to the driver’s seat, loading back into the truck and cranked the engine. He didn’t allow the motor to warm and carefully steered from the parking spot, heading back onto the interstate. He started increasing the speed, flying down the road. If one of the Alabama highway patrol cars stopped him for speeding, then Streg would show them the illegal cargo and tattle on vile US Senator Reed Cathy “Red Coat” British. Either way, the dead babies will win, and he will lose. He exhaled with worry. “That’s my life!”

At 12:07 pm, on a country road, near the town of Alabaster, Streg slowly steered the rented refrigerated truck onto the familiar smooth vanilla colored concrete driveway, watching his friend Coup. Coup stood on the edge of the truck flip waving madly at the new truck with his old friend Streg, sliding back down into the cab of his truck, starting the engine and led Streg towards the warehouse for the secret operation. Streg drove the truck through the open archway inside a red tinted ancient horse barn, stopping on the opposite end of the second open archway viewing the bright sunlight, rows of wheat fields, corrals of cows, and rows of chicken coops. He cut off the engine and then opened the door, sliding down into the packed hay strands, smiling at his friend.
Coup dashed ahead and collided into Streg, manly hugging his Army buddy, pulling back with a smile, “Welcome to my farm home, Streg! I’m glad you final came to visit with me, if only on business.” Coup displayed a head of cropped black tinted hair, a pair of turquoise irises that danced with excitement, a tone of coffee skin covered in sweat from all of his outside work, this morning. The male measured five feet and zero inches in height, weighting less than 100 pounds of weakly thin muscles.
Streg measured six feet and six inches in height, possessing plenty of physical energy and lots of nasty attitude, taking after his tall grandfather and his taller biological father, exhibiting a set of nice curved muscles on his chest and both of his arms. He had attended and graduated college with a silly degree in sales marketing without finding a working job and then enlisted into the Army military branch for both fun and adventure. He trained and was employed as a sharp shooter loving guns and his new army job.
However, nothing else made Streg madder than a hornet than seeing a smaller life form harmed or hurt or tormented or tortured by a bigger solo or group of life forms. One day, after the dinner meal, he slowly strolled around the camp site, on his tour of duty, in the country of Afghanistan, seeing a petite Coup, who was getting picked on by a group of taller assholes, which made Streg very angry. The wicked situation also allowed Streg to exercise all of his inhibited anger emotions on each silly soldier, which was both fun and awarding. His reward was spending the night inside the medical center with numerous cuts and bruises on his face and both of his arms while staring at each soldier with one or more broken limbs.
That was their first introduction on the Army base during war with the ISIS warriors.
Coup also had shared the same medical ward a couple of hospital beds over from Streg. A couple of days later, Coup formerly greeted his protector and his new friend Streg, promising to payback his new friend with grand riches and treasures for saving his ass. Streg didn’t need riches or treasure for beating up a pack of fools, since he enjoyed it and engaged a new Army buddy, during the exciting tour of duty.
Coup didn’t shoot a gun but worked an office desk during the war, purchasing pieces of metal equipment for the flying machines and tons of food, office, medical and personal supplies for the soldiers. Do not believe that is not an important job, when a soldier needs toilet paper for shitting or a chocolate candy bar for eating.
Coup also enjoyed hanging around Streg, who didn’t talk much but drunk lots of cold beer cans and eat numerous bags of fresh American potato chips, which came by way of Coup during each one of their low maintenance social time there on the military camp site. After the tour of duty was completed for the troops, both Coup and Streg returned back home to the USA and went their separate way.
Coup was a fourth generation chicken farmer and resided on five square miles of farmland raising chickens, cows, cotton crops in the countryside, a few miles west of Alabaster. Coup married his high school sweetheart and produced no children yet and ran his farm with successful profits while occasionally contacting Streg, inviting his friend to visit his country farm. Streg showed up four times during various holiday leaves from his Army life, enjoying every home-made meal and each nice home town person, until he left for another Army adventure as an Army sharp shooter throughout the USA and the world.
After the bloody incident with the murdered first female President of the USA in the month of June, Coup could not visit Streg at the prisoner building but called him by phone while illegally offering permanent asylum on his chicken farm, providing a hidden place, where no anger person or government agent would ever find Streg. Streg was deeply grateful and did not accept the illegal proposal, which would have endangered his friend Coup, his pretty wife, his two young toddlers, and his farm. Streg wanted one day prove his innocence for killing the nasty terrorist under the orders of his US Army officer.
Near the town of Alabaster, back inside the horse barn owned by Coup, the floor was covered in yellow tinted hay on top of the wooden smooth floor. The entrance wall presented a gigantic wide and tall archway which allowed a farm tractor to enter and the park in-between the four massive tall wooden walls, without a single outside window, which protected the four internal walls and the items inside from each minor or severe summertime thunderstorm and the wintertime snow and ice.
The opposite wall mirrored the same gigantic open archway, where the farm tractor exited the barn property. A group of people manually worked together and closed both of the barn doors shutting out the bright sunlight and blistering heat from the hot afternoon, holding the secrets. Then each individual spun around and stood in front of the locked doors, pulling out a hand gun, watching for trouble or troublemakers, in silence.
Each side wall was decorated with more wooden planks with rows of semi-crooked mounted rakes and shelves storing smaller pieces of farm equipment and hand-held farm objects. Right now, the walls were empty. The center of the room was active with stationary farm equipment and shouting shuffling individuals.
The truck was parked in front of the closed barn door in dead silence. On the side of the truck, a stationary green tinted forklift stood near the rear bumper without blocking the rear door on the truck. A second matching forklift was parked on the opposite side of the truck near the rear bumper. Both pieces of heavy equipment held an operator watching Coup and Streg.
Beside the first forklift, a short active conveyer belt slowly tumbled in motion forming a semi-curve ending a few feet before the second forklift. Behind the rolling noisy converter belt, a row of individuals stood in ready while watching and waiting for their owner Coup. 
Streg spun them around and slowly ahead towards the rear of the trunk, hearing the loud commotion inside the middle of the room.
Coup extended one arm and pointed to each devise. “Let me show you our new little setup here inside my horse barn!” He stopped and stood in front of the rear door on the truck.
Streg spun around and viewed the closed and locked rear door, exhaling in panic, pointing at the door. “O no! My plan has failed. I have failed. I forget to tell you this. The rear door is encoded with a metal box and each metal box contains a metal locked devise. This is…”
“…working greatly…” Coup spun around and faced the rear door. A female was standing beside the metal box sliding a silver tinted hand-held devise over the box making a set of tiny beeps. Then the door slightly cracked open. She reached out and swung the rear door open, examining the stack of black tinted metal boxes with a silence nod, back stepping from the cargo items. She turned and waved her hand to the forklift operator, who shuffled both of the mechanic metal arm hands towards the top row of three metal boxes, gently removing first item, placing the box on top of a sturdy manual conveyer belt made of cylinder rollers. 
The unknown and unnamed female moved ahead and stood in front of the first box, running her hand-held devise again over the metal box, popping open the lid and opened the item. She didn’t open the lid up in the air or shouted out loud with victory or grunted a new vocal command but rolled the box to the first individual behind the manual conveyer belt roller. The first individual caught the box and lifted the lid, gasping in alarm, wearing a stern face and extracted the dead human baby body part, wearing a pair of yellow tinted rubber gloves, using a pair of silver tinted tool plies for bodily protection and then gently removed the item, without speaking or shouting or crying or grunting. She bent down towards the hay floor and gently placed the baby body part down into a cool container, where the dead human baby body part would receive a proper Christian burial deep within the wild woodlands near the herd of cows on Coup’s farm.
The second individual reached out and grabbed the first box, shifting the item to the third person. The third person caught the box and held the item steady. The fourth person gently placed a dead chicken heart down into the dry ice, wearing a pair of gloves, using a silver tinted pair of plies for bodily protection also.
The fifth person reached out and grabbed the box, examining the position of the chicken heart, slamming closed the lid, rolling the box to the sixth person. The sixth person caught the box and rolled the item to the seventh person. The seventh person rolled the box towards the end of the manual conveyer belt. The second forklift operator gently lifted the black tinted metal box from the stationary black tinted solid belt and placed the item down on top of the hay floor, waiting for the internal compartment in the truck cargo unit to clear.
Coup followed the second box and explained the manual procedure to Streg. “The first forklift operator lifts up each metal box with the human baby body part and removes the item from the cargo bed, placing it on top of the solid part on the sturdy conveyer belt. The lady is my employee now. But she used to work for the DEA government office, in Montgomery, until she uncovered some nasty corruption and fraud, which got her fired from her government job, of course. I employ tons of formal government workers, who enjoy screwing the mighty and misguided United States of America, Federal Government but become canned and can’t find a job. I offer a job, a home, and other fringe benefits. My chicken farm is doing very well, Streg. I want you to come and live here in safety and secret here for the rest of your days. I’m worried about your new employer and your new assignment. That Bitch Witch is one mean and nasty woman and she will get you killed.”
Streg exhaled with the truth and faked a smile, watching each box and each worker. “I am not alone in this nasty adventure, Coup. I was assigned a couple of innocent persons, who will be hunted down and then tortured and then finally killed, if I successfully escape from my current employer and cannot be located.”
He flipped his tiny hand in the air and stood even with Streg’s chest. “Hell! Bring the boatload of innocent people here to my farm. I’ll employ and provide them with a gun and a home. No questions asked. No answers given. No one gets on my farmland with getting a fiery bullet in the eyeball. Then, that person can go and visit Almighty Father, who will send them directly down into Fire Hell. The end!”
Streg chuckled with the nice invitation. Ikko would instantly take while caring for sweet Julius. Streg will mention the offer from Coup, if they all survived the first assignment, which was highly doubtful. He nodded. “I will think about it, Coup. What are your people doing behind the conveyor belt with the baby parts and the chicken parts?”
He continued to point to each individual while explaining the process. “The people are not my farm hands. This people are good church people, who believe and worship Almighty God, his son Jesus Christ, and the Holy Spirit. After you called me with the messy issue, I called some of my family members and some of my closest friends tattling them the new delicate, dangerous and deadly situation. Each person wants to help that abused baby and will never tattle to anyone, even under both torment and torture. Each person is disgusted with our vile US Federal Government and all of the do nothing and nastier US elected leaders that run America down into the ground, except for our new President of the United States, compliment of Streg.”
Streg sneered with disgust that his mistake was honored, “Don’t mention it!”
He laughed. “Compliments of Streg!”
Streg growled, “I asked you not to mention it, Coup!”
“The incident was an accident watching for an assassin. You just happened to be in the wrong place, at the right time. Your bloody action brought an evil president and her vile vice president, placing a great president into the spot, who is working to change American into the great country, since the year 1776.”
Streg frowned and watched the slow-working process of extracting one metal box at a time which would take a couple of hours. He was on a strict timeline, before the eight o’clock deadline that might affect his life, “Thanks!”
“Now, back to business!”
“Berrington!” Streg laughed with humor.
Coup smiled. “My DEA lady illegally purchased some nifty government devises on the black market that does not help my farm but aids other operations that will not be named. Anyways, she has that cool hand-held device, that unscrambles both numeric and alphabetic codes on any type of computer or manual metal box. So, she easily opened the locked rear door on that rental truck and each locked metal box. When she opens the box, she rolls the box over the rollers to the first worker. The first worker quickly volunteered to help each dead aborted baby. This is the terrible, horrible job of all the jobs. But she wanted to do that terrible, horrible job with the help of Jesus Christ, our lord and savior of humans. She is gently collecting all of the human baby body parts and with her preacher husband and a small group of people will bury each baby part here on my farm in the far backwoods and pray over the lost soul, asking Almighty God to punish the lot of evil men and women and…”
“…aliens…”
“What!” Coup gasped in shock.
“I do believe the evil individuals here on Planet Earth are a group of aliens or alien created creatures coming from the depths of outer space stars. No human that loves Almighty God and his son Jesus Christ would purposely butcher a precious baby or beat an innocent child.”
“Amen!” Coup nodded with a stern face. “The second worker grabs the box and shifts to the third worker, who holds it steady for the fourth worker. The fourth worker randomly places one of either a naked chicken heart or a chicken spleen or a chicken liver or a chicken brain inside that open box. Then a sixth worker grabs the box and checks the contents, slamming the lid shut, rolling to the seventh person. The seventh person keeps the boxes rolling over the belt and stops the box for the second forklift operator, who lifts the box from the conveyer belt, gently stacking on top of the hay floor. We gotta empty out the rear cargo hold before we can start to replace back each new box.”
Streg gasped in shock and spun around seeing two empty rows of boxes, which was only six metal boxes, eating up the daylight hours. “I forgot that the cargo hold needs to be cleared out, before the new boxes can be replaced back into an empty hold. This process is taking more time than I had planned out. Can you give me a new refrigerated truck for storing all of the new boxes, Coup?”
Coup spun around and studied the column of boxes and then the new truck design with a keen eyeball. “I would gladly give you anything that I own, Streg. However, this is a newer truck. If you show up with a different refrigerated truck other than that one, then my new truck can be traced back to me and my farm. I’ll get into trouble…”
“Yes! Yes! Yes, you’re correct. I’m so sorry, Coup. I’m a little nervous and panicked at the moment.” He scanned the rows of boxes while worrying about his future.
Coup reached over with a smile and slapped the hard chest muscles on a taller Streg, since Streg’s forearm was higher than Coup’s collar bone. He scooted sideways and spun around, leading towards a side door on the side wall. “Let’s leave the workers with the work. The new procedure is running smoothly. I wanna show you something.” He reached the side door and exited the barn building, turning towards his parked dirty dark blue tinted pickup truck and stopped at the passenger door. He opened the door and hopped onto the seat, sitting on the edge, smiling at his friend. Streg stopped and stood on the ground, even with a short Coup, staring at his army buddy.
On top of the seat, Coup reached down to the mat and pulled the first item from the floor, lifting it into his face. “This is a cloth bag of cold hard cash totaling twenty thousand dollars, in twenty bill dominations.”
“Coup!”
Coup wore a stern face and told with a stern tone. “No! for once in your life, you are going to listen to the smarter male here. The bag is for you to survive whatever the hell is happening in your life. If you find that you need to run for your life from that woman, I wanna you to have some cash and then call me on this mobile telephone. This is one of my farm phones. If you are in trouble, then use it. If you think the enemy will find, then trash it. Don’t matter to me! When I figure out the phone is trashed, I will cancel the service and take a write off on my federal income taxes while screwing the United States of America, Federal Government. So, please, take the phone and the money!”
He slapped the ugly jumpsuit with both of his naked hands, since he didn’t own any personal items, not even a manly leather wallet, but his Alabama driver’s license sitting flat inside the chest pocket, “I came here naked and dressed like a service worker. I only own the ugly one-piece jumpsuit. I must return with only the ugly one-piece jumpsuit. If she or they or it finds a bag of money and a cell phone on my person…”
“Steg! Streg! Streg! You have been locked away from the world, too long.” Coup laughed and reached down, lifting up a plastic object in the format of a humanoid without arms and legs. “This is a new item, a plastic holder with long pockets for holding or hiding nicely packed money stacks that fit nicely over your chest and your back spine. All of the latest drug mules use this type of equipment, compliments of my smart DEA lady worker. You place each stack of cash down into a deep slot and then wear the plastic holder like a long vest over your chest and your back spine. No one will notice the lumps, since your ugly jumpsuit needs a talented clothes tailor for the severely oversized outfit over your tall lean body. You can hide the slender mobile telephone inside one of the plastic pockets also.”
“That’s a great idea! Thanks, Coup!” He accepted the long plastic holder, the bag of money, and the used mobile telephone from his friend, placing all of the items down on the ground, stuffing each stacked cash down into every pocket.
Coup continued to sit on the seat and watched Streg. “Hmm! When are you due to arrive with the boxes to Atlanta?”
“A little after dusk, in the nighttime hours, at eight o’clock.”
“Yes, that’s a terrible problem. You will make your scheduled appointment or barely miss your scheduled appointment, creating both chaos and suspicion. I got an idea. I got a group of arrogant Generation Z kids that love adventure, without fear. I’ll send that group of teens out on an individual motorcycle. They can scout and smoke out the Alabama Highway patrol cars. I don’t care if one or more of the teens get caught speeding and then arrested. I’ll send my lawyers to get their hides out of jail. And I got lots of monies, loads of monies, tons of miles. I’m a billionaire, now, Streg. I wish you would consider coming to live here on my farm. I got plenty of farm and land property. You can design and build you a nice big house and yourself a nice girl, too. The county is filled with sweet females looking for a good man. You would really enjoy your new life here, eating the supper meal with me and my family.”
Thanks, Coup! I’ll think about it right after I survive this assignment,” he continued to work on stuffing the thick stacks of sealed twenty dollars bills down into each plastic slot, finishing the job with a smile. He stood upright and ripped down the upper portion on the one-piece jumpsuit, squatting down, picking up the heavy plastic body holder that was spread with twenty thousand dollars in stack of twenties. He grunted from the heaviness and carefully slipped the long body fit over his bone skull wiggling it down his naked dark-colored muscular body, pressing down the plastic material. “It itches and its heavier than I would have though.”
Coup laughed and studied Streg, feeling worry. Streg was working with that gang of nasty men and women, who worked for vile Senator Reed “Red Coat” British. Her greed, ruthless political repetition was known all over the great State of Alabama, but each simple-minded fool continued to elect the bitch. He smiled. “The weight of money.”
The weight of relief.”
Coup nodded. “I’ll go and fetch you a tee shirt to cover over your naked chest. You’re start sweating and expose the lumps of money.”
“That’s a good idea!” Steg continued to press each plastic pocket down into his body hiding his new possessions. Coup dropped down from the truck seat and passed Streg moving back into the barn building checking on the process, hunting down an extra-sized tee shirt for his tall friend.
Streg zipped up the jumpsuit which nicely covered the plastic body vest and the lumps of money, exhaling with relief, feeling still worried, but happy with a great friend like Coup. Streg felt bad that he didn’t visit his friend more often, since their department from the last tour of duty but Streg had a traveling job and coup ran a fixed farm in the middle of nowhere. He looked up and squirted both of his eyelids at the blistering sunshine, sweating on his face and his neck, unzipping the jumpsuit, exposing the plastic vest of money stacks. The ground shadow from the bright sunlight announced one o’clock in the heated afternoon.
Inside his prisoner building, Streg had learned to tell time by shadows on the sands when he was bored inside his tiny jail cell.

At 01:02 p.m., the group of nice workers were not finished with unloading baby parts, reloading chicken parts, and finally string back into the rental truck. Time was ticking away. Streg was getting worried while developing a new plan to save both Ikko and Julius, if that meant sacrificing his own life. He didn’t mind. He didn’t have any family members or kids or a wife or a girlfriend. The offer of a house and a wife and a future family here in Alabaster was looking very good, if Streg survived the night from the vile gang of criminals and crooks that pedaled illegally aborted human baby body parts.
However, he was angry that Senator British could get away with indirect cold-blooded murder, literally. He liked the prospect of an easy life on a farm with protection from his friend Coup. But he didn’t like the senator and her evil partners continuing to murder helpless life forms. Streg was not a religious man but a spiritual soul, feeling his life’s work had changed from a criminal life to an…assassin’s life. He would suggest that Ikko and Julius come here and live on Coup’s farm in safety and security for the rest of their lives.
Coup would not mind a pair of misfits. He is a true spiritual friend that believes in helping man-kind, woman-kind, and animal-kind, providing employment, monies, food, shelter, clothing, and other benefits for strangers. Streg only had to ask. Then Streg would be free to track, trace, and then treat each vile, evil person with a death act. He didn’t mean to murder the first female President of the United States. However, the right investigations had popped up and exposed all of her crony criminal friends, who were all now six feet under the ground inside some unmarked grave stone, since the American public was outraged and wanted their severed bone skull, their dripping blood proteins, and some of their other body parts. Streg had heard through the grape vein inside the prisoner building that all of the arrested, trialed, convicted, and sentenced criminals were also stripped of their internal body organs going to sick patients that needed a new body part for live.
Now, that is the ultimate punishment, because any donated internal organ must stay warm and cozy inside the dying human body, until each internal body part is manually extracted through a very painful medical procedure using a surgery scalpel. Else, upon death, the body starts to rot from the inside making each internal organ useless for the sick patient.
 During the baby abortion process, on each one of those abused babies, each baby was still alive and kicking and breathing within the mother’s cozy womb while the evil medical physician quickly ripped out that particular intern organ, warm and bloody from the tiny fetus baby, going to some person for some evil ritual or some vile sick procedure.
On top of the grassy field, in Alabaster, Streg softly cursed and balled both of his hands into two tight fists. He will not accept the easy life; he will pursue and punish one evil doer, at a time, staring with Senator British. He did not know how but his faith in goodness and light would guide him into the righteousness and the right direction.
Coup returned and laughed out loud, stopping beside Streg, slapping the item into the man’s arm. “Here! This should fit your giant body.”
He turned and accepted the item, slipping over soft cloth over his body. The white tinted dress dropped down and touched the top of his kneecaps. Coup laughed out loud with amusement. Streg growled in angry. “What’s this thing? This is not a manly man tee shirt. What am I wearing, Coup?”
Coup continued to point at the dress and chuckled with delight. “That dress belongs to one of my cooks. She’s a great cook and is a very pretty, queen-sized woman. She offered you her dress. The dress is cotton and lightweight, absorbing your stinky sweat and water molecules from your body. Don’t whine, Streg! This is a great plan. You will success and come back here and live out a nice live with me and my cow,” he laughed again. Streg continued to snarl while wearing a woman’s dress, removing the plastic vest, redressing his body for the long trip to Atlanta.

One hour later, at 01:54 pm, in the blistering heat, in one of the tiny offices inside the horse barn, the unnamed female, who had worked for the U.S. Federal Government Drug and Food Administration Agency, moved from the barn and then stopped, standing in front of Streg and Coup, nodding her curls. “Gentlemen, we are finished. The truck is reloaded with your new merchandise. You are ready to roll out again, Steg!”
Streg extended his hand to the female. “thank you! I really appreciate your brains and your brawn and your beauty.”
She accepted his hand and shook it firmly. “It is my pleasure to screw the mighty USA government and all of her evil government leaders. If you need anything, ask through Coup, then I shall happily provide it to you, Streg”’
He smiled. “I will.” She released his hand and spun around leaving the office.
Coup smiled at Streg without watching his employee. “She is single and lonely, Streg.”
He spun around and hugged the shorter male. The moment was precious. His friend had provided a little hope and happiness for Streg and his two innocent crew mates. Streg didn’t know if he would survive, but he was going to kill as many of the bastards as possible, before dying first. “Thanks for everything!”
Coup didn’t grunt or laugh. His friend Streg was running with some evil people Coup wanted to send his own people and guns, but that would get innocent people killed and start the second American Civil War between the people and the government. He enjoyed the manly moment and prayed to Almighty god that Streg would survive the night.
Streg pulled back and nodded in silence to Coup without speaking, only acknowledging his final fate, spinning around, walking from the tiny office. Coup watched the back spine on Streg and lifted his personal telephone up into his face, dialing the familiar number, talking to the party.
Streg strutted towards the cab on the truck. The internal room was empty of workers, only pieces of silent equipment that had provided a new set of merchandise and extracted the tiny lost soul of an innocent baby, where each one of those abused babies was in good hands now going to become properly buried today. He stopped and opened the door, without checking the cargo and started the engine. This was it. He carefully drove away from the horse barn and left the farmland, steering onto the country rode, hitting the interstate roadway. He steered in a southern direction driving back to retrieve Ikko and Julius. He really wanted to deliver the new cargo alone to Atlanta, but Senator Bitch had threated his life and their lives. He didn’t want to be responsible for two more innocent deaths. The interstate was slightly busy with traffic coming from the northern towns.
Streg drove swiftly in the right hand lane hoping to avoid any and all of the Alabama Highway patrol cars, when a gang of flashy motorcycles in colors of green, red, blue, silver, black, orange, and yellow buzzed ahead and also surrounded the truck. Streg growled at the annoying gang of biker blocking the roadway, reducing his driving speed. Time was of the essence for him and the delivery to Atlanta.
Then, the mobile telephone sounded with a familiar country song. Streg gasped in shock and looked down at the borrowed telephone. He had been relieved of his personal mobile telephone after his arrest of murdering the first female President of the United States. He had forgotten that Coup had given him the phone, reaching over, pressing the button on the dashboard that activated the speaker box inside the truck. He yelled into the speaker. “What!”
“Hey sir!” A deep male voice shouted back to Streg. “This is Taggard. I work for Coup. He told us to come here on the interstate and escort you back to the tiny town of Evergreen. So, we’re here for you. Half of my gang are going to race ahead and scout out any smokies. If there is a patrol car, then the cop can chase after my friends, who will never be caught,” he laughed. “The rest of us are going to lead you faster than light speed back to Evergreen and follow your rear bumper protecting you and the truck. So, rev up the engine, man, and full speed ahead. If you need something, just press the button on the truck’s console. Coup rigged the telephone system for you to call and talk to me. I’m the leader of the wolf pack. Woooo!” He laughed. “Bye, sir!”
The telephone line disconnected. Streg shook his curls and laughed out loud at the brave and stupid teenagers, pressing the gasoline pedal, racing the engine and increased his driving speed to 85 miles-per-hour. The gang of motorcycles were lighter and faster than the heavy delivery truck, scattering sideways, forming a block formation around the truck, speeding through the wind on a pretty heated in the month of June.
Streg quickly prayed for protection from Almighty God over the silly teenagers. He didn’t want another innocent to die over him and as he observed the gang of teens.  The group was divided into two types of motorcycles. One set was a single motorcycle with a single biker, wearing a colorfully bright solid colored orange or yellow one-piece jumpsuit with a matching biker helmet. The helmet contained the communication devise in the format of a mobile telephone for talking to each other or with another party, like Streg. The second group of teens feathered two piggy back riders on a luxury motorcycle hugging each other, wearing either a bright neon colored yellow or an orange colored solid jumpsuit with a matching bike helmet also. So, Coup had instructed each teenager biker on both visual and vocal road motorcycle safety. 
Streg felt better about his group of young adventuresome escorts now.
The single bikers left the main group and raced ahead scouting for any Alabama Highway patrol cars, where any biker could relay the new data back to the wolf leader pack through the communication helmet, avoiding arrest for them and Streg. The double riders led Streg and stayed with truck for both guidance and protection. 
Inside the truck cab, Streg continued to race down a semi-busy interstate roadway with a smile. “Thanks, coup! The rest park in Evergreen is 135 miles south of Alabaster. At 60 miles per hour, the road trip will take two hours and fifteen minutes. At 70 miles per hour, the road trip will take two hour and ten minutes. At 85 miles per hour, the road trip will take almost two hours and one second. I’ll take this one. Yeehaw!” He continued to speed down an almost empty interstate smiled with the personal escort from a gang of teenage bikers. “What a crazy day!”

Two hours and two minutes later, at 04:02 pm, Streg exited the interstate roadway, slowly driving over the smooth pavement into the rest parking lot facility, stopping the truck inside an empty spot. He blew the truck horn notifying Ikko and Julius of his presence. Ikko was smart enough to watch for Streg. Julius was off singing to the birdies.
On top of the pavement, from the grassy park, Ikko appeared and dashed ahead towards the parked truck, stopping a few feet from the side passenger door, waving both of her arms in the air. The gang of teen bikers slowly appeared and parked behind the truck watching and waiting for new orders from driver Streg, removing a helmet, wiping off a sweaty face, brushing back a head of wet hair. Each teen swung off the seat and stood upright from the motorcycle, stretching their limbs.
Ikko spun around and watched Julies with smile, whirling back around, waving with one arm at Streg. Inside the cab, Streg exhaled with annoyance. He had flown dangerously over the interstate roadway at 85 miles per hour without a speeding ticket from the police car or an accident on the roadway. He didn’t want to doddle around the rest park, when they needed to leave and flew by heavenly angel wings to the city of Atlanta. He blew the horn again and growled at Ikko.
Ikko pointed back behind her collar bone at Julius, nodding her curls. Inside the truck cab, Streg gasped in alarm regarding the new trouble, opening the door, sliding down onto the pavement. He dashed around the front truck bumper and stopped in front of Ikko with worry, when Julius appeared and stood beside Ikko, toting a black and white colored medium-sized shaggy dog. Streg gasped in shock and then growled at Julius and then the dog, shaking his curls, “What is …”
“…a dog?” Ikko reached over with laughter and gently patted the dog’s furry bone skull, nodding to angry Streg. “This is a dog, Streg. Poor Streg! He was denied a puppy dog during his childhood.”
“No.” Streg continued to growl at the dog and shook his curls.
She smiled. “Yes, this is a dog.”
Standing in the heated day, sweating in the sunlight on his face and on his chest still wearing the new female dress over his naked chest and the plastic body vest with the lumps of money, Streg yelled. “Ikko!”
Among the semi-circle of colorful motorcycles and colorful jumpsuits, behind the parked truck, some of the bolder and more curiosity teenagers appeared and gathered around Ikko, Julius, Streg, and the dog, listening to the adult conversation and patting the dog with smiles of happiness.
Streg exhaled with annoyance. “We …”
Ikko turned and nodded to each teenager. “Who are your two new friends, Streg?”
One of the male teenagers smiled with his long blonde hair in a tight bun the rear of his skull, wearing a yellow tinted jumpsuit, pointing at the dog. “Hey, dude! That’s a Border Collie breed dog. The collie is one of the smartest and loyalist canines in the world. You’re lucky, man. You got a friend for life.”
The female with short brown hair in a matching yellow tinted jumpsuit nodded and patted the dog. “A Border Collie breed exhibits high intelligence, extreme energy, both acrobatic and athletic doggie moves, and possesses fun playfulness, and is one of woman’s best friends, too,” she laughed with the other teens.
Ikko winked at Streg while giggling with delight from the new information. “I agree with the teen. Julius has a new friend for life.”
“What’s her name?” The female teen biker smiled at the dog.
“Her!” Streg gasped in shock.
Julius slowly rocked the medium-sized dog like a baby and nodded with a smile to each teen. “Her name is Dee Dee.”
Ikko smiled. “That’s a nice girly name, isn’t it, Streg?” Streg growled at Ikko and then the dog. She laughed. “And Streg sounds just like a growling dog. That’s a good imitation, Streg. Do you see and hear, Julius? Streg loves your pet dog.”
Julius smiled at Streg. “Dee Dee needs dog food. She’s hungry.” Streg gasped in shock and stared down at the dog.
The same pale tinted teen with the man bun slapped his chest and pointed to this girl. “Hey, dude! Me and my girlfriend can go and get some dog food.”
Streg frowned and shook his curls. “Later for the dog food! We need to go and leave from the res park, kids. Get back onto your bikes and head north on Interstate 65. Get into the truck, the rest of ya’ll!”
The teen smiled, “No sweat, sir! Me and my girlfriend will ride ahead and buy some dog food. Then we can toss it into the open window on the truck. I’m the superstar baseball pitcher at my high school. I strike all of the baseball players from the mount. So, get ready and open the window. My girl will drive the cycle and I’ll pitch the dry food into the open windows. Yeehaw! Let’s go, baby! We need to get the dog some nutritious food.” He spun around and hugged his girl, racing back to his luxury motorcycle, mounting the bike and replacing the helmet. They left the park before the rest of the teens and Streg for their new assignment.
On top of the pavement, near the truck, Ikko turned and studied the group of teens on each motorcycle. “Thank you, kids! That’s a sweet gesture for Dee Dee. Who are these kids, Streg?”
Streg spun around and shouted out his command to the teens and his crew mates. “Get back onto your bike and into the truck! Teens, we’re driving north on Interstate 65 and then heading due east heading to the city of Atlanta.”
A second female in an orange tinted jumpsuit with a long black tinted ponytail smiled and nodded at the back spine on Streg. “Coup told us so and gave us the same driving instructions, sir.” She spun around and waved her arm in the air, shouting out loud to the other teens. “You have heard our leader! Remount and roll out!” She dashed ahead and quickly mounted her bike, starting the warm engine, rolling off as the first biker from the group. The rest of the motorcycles followed the teen leader, leaving the rest park, hitting the interstate entrance ramp while watching for the truck with driver Steg.
Streg quickly raced ahead and re-entered the driver’s seat, starting the truck with a huff of annoyance, watching on his two crew members.
Julius and the dog entered next loading into the rear seat. The dog cuddled with Julius. He smiled and patted the dog comforting the animal like a baby.
Ikko scooted into the passenger seat last. Streg drove carelessly from the rest park and entered the interstate, speeding down the roadway, making up the lost time while huffing out invisible steam puffs of angry at the new situation.
In the passenger seat, eating a new bag of potato chips from the broken food machine, Ikko watched the gang of motorcycles. One group drove swiftly ahead leaving the truck. The other group of motorcycles rode before and behind the truck. “Who are the teens, Streg? Did you get the new cargo items?”
Streg concentrated on his illegal speed driving, without killing one of the teen bikers, while whispering back to Ikko, without upsetting Julius and the damn dog. “Yes, I got the new cargo. My chicken farmer friend, who remains nameless, for safety purposes, provided the teenly escort. The single bikers are scouting for police cars, moving away from us. The other double riders are leading us towards Atlanta, annoying the other drivers on the same interstate roadway for speed. The time is 04:06 pm. We have precisely four hours and forty-five minutes of driving which does not include potty breaks and pit stops…”
She whispered back without bothering Julius. Her friend was very happy discovering and caring for the dog, during their long wait at the grassy park for Streg to return back and finish the dangerous assignment for Senator Reed British. She said. “Streg, I know that.”
“What about that dog?” He softly growled.
“A Border Collie is naturally energetic, acrobatic, athletic, and playful. That dog is not. A collie wears a thick coat of soft fur. That dog’s coat is shaggy and matted. The Border Collie breed receives skin scars and broken teeth during its devoted line of duty protecting herds of sheep from predators like wolves and coyotes. That dog wears too many skin scars on its shaggy and too many broken teeth in its mouth. The dog has been chewing on tree bark for food. A male Border Collie weights 40 to 45 pounds of muscle and hair. A female weighs 30 to 40 pounds of the same material. That dog barely weighs 20 pounds for its medium-built size. That dog has been starving for food. A Border Collie exhibits lots of energy and mental stimulation. Else the dog will chew up bed lines or furniture legs. That dog has been chasing after tires on each visitor automobile looking for its former master, who ditched that poor dog here with food and water. That dog’s four paw pads are torn, bloody and rough from running over the hard pavement. A Border Collie possesses a thick coat of hair. That dog has lots of matted and shedding hair strands, where the dog has been living in the park for months and sweating from the intense heat. Some evil person tossed that dog into that park for their fun watching that dog starving to death or dying in the heat. And that dog is preg-nancy also. That dog is sickly and dying. I can see and smell the death odor. Julius knows that too. I suspect the puppies are sickly too and are dead or dying inside her flat stomach. She knows it too. This is so sad!”
Streg gasped in shock and continued to drive the truck, “What! How do you know that information? How do you know so much about canines?”
She nodded. “I was raised on a crop farm in the rural town of Fultondale. We cared and housed numerous types dogs, mostly for protection of the cows and the chickens and the pigs. So naturally, I want to learn everything about dogs, and I did. Please allow him and the dog was peace of mind before its time here on Planet Earth. Have a heart, Streg!”
Streg gasped in alarm and reached up, adjusting the rear view mirror, seeing the dog, returning both eyeballs back to the roadway while driving at high speed. “I am so sorry. I am a lot of nervous. The dog is fine. He can keep it until the end. For my selfish self, I don’t like facing death without a hand gun or an escape plan.”
“Look!” She exhaled with worry. “I feel the same way, Streg, but that is three hours away from here. Let’s allow Julius his happiness with his new pet, before our next dangerous encounter with our new unfriends. Anyways, he is very quiet and is occupied with the dog without breaking into the locked door again inside the truck cab,” she started ahead and dropped the bag of potatoes down on the floor with her internal mental thoughts of death.
“Agreed!” He drove over the interstate following the group of happy teens while still feeling deep worry for the dog, his two new friends Ikko and Julius and his person, praying for help from Almighty God, his son Jesus Christ, the Holy Spirit, and all of his heavenly angels.

Three hours and thirty minutes later, at 07:38 pm, after driving 85 miles per hour and sometimes faster over the main interstate roadway with heavy traffic and stopping three times for potty breaks and pit stops, Streg slammed the brakes and slowed the speed, turning the delivery truck onto the second avenue of tall steel-coated warehouses. The gang of teen motorcycles followed and then stopped behind the running truck. Streg ordered to his crew. “Stay inside! I gotta tell the teens to go home and go to bed.” He laughed with Ikko, opening the door, sliding down onto the gray tinted hard pavement in the slowly sinking sunlight of a beautiful horizon on the western side of the buildings. He approaches the first biker and leaned down into the sweaty face on the male with red tinted pimples. “Thanks for the escort! Please tell Coup thanks from me too! Now, we have arrived at our final destination. So, all of ya’ll go back home and report back to Coup.”
“He told…”
“I am telling you as the leader of the troops now. Go home, teens! Drive safe and don’t get arrested for reckless driving,” he waved to the teens and dismissed them from the upcoming violent actions that might lead into a death match between Streg and some nasty soldiers.
The leader of the biker nodded to Streg and replaced his helmet, spinning around and motioned to the other teens, wheeling his motorcycle around, flying back down the city street. Streg stood his ground and watched each teen biker ensuring each one left the area for their home town and safety. Once the last red taillight was gone, he exhaled with worry and spun around, loading back into the truck, in silence. Julius cuddled the dying dog in silence with a face of tears.
Ikko was strong and fumed in fury with the upcoming fight while feeling sadness for the sickly mama dog and her friend Julius. Streg fiddled with gear and slowly drive from the wrong warehouse avenue down the proper one. The road was gray tinted and sprouted tall new and ancient steel-coated buildings. The evening was slowly commencing and as the solar sun was sinking down into the horizon, painting the sky dark and right for a fight with three convicted murderers.
Ikko turned and stared at each building while watching the numbers grow in silence feeling worry and angry. Streg slowly drove the truck and read each number on the building without seeing math number 189, because a row of smaller dark colored pickup trucks blocked the riding avenue with numerous stationary and upright figures, who each toted a gun. Streg slammed on the brakes, squeaking the four rubber on each tire, halting in place. He pulled out the envelope of cash and the driving instructions for the welcome invitation or something of a bribe for his life.
Ikko returned back to face the front windshield and gasped in alarm. “This is it!”
Streg growled. “Stay in here! Let me talk with them first! Let me figure out what the plan is! If one shoots me dead, then drive off with the cargo and then ditch the truck, running for your lives. I gave you the plastic body vest with the money. Run away and find your way back to Alabaster and the chicken farm. It is the only farm for miles in Alabaster.”
“No! I’m not leaving you to die alone.” She opened the door and slid off the seat, landing down on the pavement before Streg, strolling ahead to greet the new group of people.
Streg gasped in alarm and spun around, seeing Julius.” Julius, we have arrived at our destination. You stay here inside the truck seat, until I come for you. Okay?” Julius looked up with a sad face and nodded in silence. Streg nodded back. “That’s great, buddy!” He opened the door and slid off the seat, without slamming the door shut, racing around the door towards Ikko and the new row of men and women with guns.
Ikko was there laughing and waving both of her arms like attending a party. “Well, we are here. What is the next step? Do you wanna open the rear door? Do you wanna see the goodies?”
Streg stopped with a gasp and stood beside Ikko, cuddling her body for protection while studying each one of the strangers.
The middle male was tall with a ruddy face and dark skin, growling at Ikko. “Your job is done. No more questions! Get away from the truck! Where is the third person?”
“The third person is located inside the truck. His dog is sickly.” Streg told.
“Get him and his dog outta of the truck right now!” The middle male ordered.
Ikko spun around and shouted out loud. “I’ll go and get him!”
The middle male with a hand gun pointed his free hand and snapped at Streg, “You! Come with me, right now!”
“Me!” Streg slapped his chest with a sissy squeak. Ikko gasped in shock and spun around, watching Streg. The middle man spun around and headed into the open archway. Streg moved ahead with dread and unhappiness mentally thinking.
This is ti! I don’t have a weapon but my hands and the surprise of attack. I can grab his hand gun and kill him first, then hide and kill all of the others with a hand gun, saving the princess and the unicorn, or maybe not.
Streg continued his mental battle of silence words and followed the shorter armed male through the night air, disappearing within the large warehouse internal walls.
On top of the pavement, Ikko could see Streg through the dull flood lights and stood in panic. She didn’t know what to do or how to act for saving her new friend. One of the other males with his gun left the row of guards and guns, moving ahead, motioning with his free hand to Ikko and yelled out loud. “Go and get the third person! Get outta of the truck, right now!”
A female dashed from the stationary row of guards and guns passing the second guard, stopping in front of Ikko and reached out grabbing her arm, shoving Ikko towards the open building. “Change in plans! Get going this way! Finish up business here! We need to move out with the truck and get to working.” The female guard spun around and swiftly moved with Ikko without speaking any more.
The second male reached the truck door, scooting onto the driver’s seat, scanning the interior cabin and viewed the dog. “What’s this?”
Julius looked up with a red-tinted face flowing with hot tears, “My dog is dying.”
The male gasped in shock and then nodded. “Don’t worry, pal! I’ll go and get a roller table. You can take your dog home.” He slipped off the bench seat and dashed back into the row of guards and guns, whispering a set of instructions to the one of the other guards.
On top of the pavement, near the opening of the archway, Ikko continued to slowly stroll with the female guard, assessing her options. She could hit the female and take the gun, saving Streg inside the warehouse first. Then they both could attack the rest of the guards with guns and save Julius. Or she could hit the female and take the gun, running back, stealing the truck and save only Julius, leaving Streg to die. She continued to ponder her new plan, when a loud gunshot noise echoed throughout the air waves, hitting her two eardrums which came directly from the internal walls in the warehouse. Ikko stopped in panic and gasped in alarm, racing ahead in panic, running through the archway.
The side walls of the warehouse were filled with stacks of metal boxes and heavy pieces of equipment. In the middle of the room, near the entrance archway, a green colored older model pickup truck stood with the engine hood raised in the air. Streg rested on the concrete floor, his face and body facing the edge of the driver’s door. Ikko gasped in alarm and called out his name. “Streg!” They had killed Streg here inside the warehouse. And she was the next dead person. She raced ahead and slid down over the concrete floor, slamming into his back spine.
Streg grunted in pain and wiggled sideways laughing out loud, flipping around and smiled at Ikko. “I don’t think this piece of crap can run.” He sat upright on his kneecaps and leaned into her face whispering for her eardrums. “I’m okay. Senator Red Coat has another mission for us. Act cool. Stay calm!” She nodded in silence and wiped off the tears of worry, slowing standing with Streg. He and her faced the truck. He pointed at the vehicle and shook his curls, pointing at the truck. “Did you hear my words? I don’t think this piece of crap can make the four hour trip back down to mobile. Don’t you have a better piece of crap for our new assignment, buddy?”
Through the archway door, two of the meal guards shoved a short silver tinted naked rolling gurney with the Border Collie dog on top. Julius strolled behind with a red tinted sad face and rolls of hot tears moaning his sick dog. The people with the dog stopped and stood a few feet from Streg and Ikko.
The first men without his gun shook his head down at the exposed engine, reaching up, grabbing the metal, and slammed the engine hood shut. He looked at Streg. “Well, the engine is intact and okay. The muffler is all messed up. That why’s it backfires. The truck is good to go. Get inside and get moving, ya’ll!” He laughed. “You’re right, worker bee! It’s going to take ya’ll the rest of the night to travel back down and see Queen Bee in Mobile, before eight am.” He nodded and back stepped form the engine hood, smiling at Streg, pointing at the vehicle.
Streg nodded with a sour frown and opened the door, sliding down into the driver’s seat, cranking the old engine on the ancient truck. The muffler rattled and then backfired with a single loud noise. Everyone cringed and then covered their eardrums.
One of the two other men shoved the gurney towards the rear door on the pickup truck and stopped, opening the door, lifting the dying dog onto the rear bench seat. Julius scooted around the rear bumper and slid onto the opposite of the same seat, cuddling the stray dying dog with lots of warm love and compassions.
The other man stopped and whispered to Ikko. “He said that you were his friend. I gave the dog some cocaine to relief its pain. The dog is really sick and dying. The medication will ease the dog’s pain during your long trip home. I don’t like to see an animal suffer either. You know, I can…”
“No! He was get upset with that idea. Thanks for your kindness. He and the dog are happier together,” she nodded with a smile to the stranger.
He nodded. “I got a houseful of dogs. I love the canines.”
She said. “Thanks for your help. He and I really appreciate it.”
“No problem! Good luck!” He spun around and left the truck and the new crew, heading back to the truck. His job was to help unload the cargo with the forklift then he would be paid in cash supporting his family.
Ikko exhaled with worry and sadness for the dying dog and her friend Julius, scooting around the front of the truck, opening the passenger door and slid down into the seat in silence. She was confused at what happened here but was happy that she was alive and breathing for the rest of the nigh.
Streg revved the engine and nodded to the row of guards, slowly steering the old truck from the warehouse internal, down the avenue. A crew of forklifts and men were unloading each heavy black tinted metal box that contained a dead chicken part, not the original aborted human baby organ. Streg didn’t comment as he didn’t want Julius to learn of the switch. He mental thought that some of the unsuspecting guards might get murdered tonight or tomorrow night, once the owner of the boxes discovered the truth. He felt sorry the men and the females, who were trying to make a living in America. However, there are harder jobs with honest dollars, also.
Streg pressed the gasoline pedal, when the muffler backfired again, creating a cloud of black tinted smoke that disguised the rear of the truck while pushing the ancient truck to its limits.

Several minutes down the city street, at 09:09 pm, in the heat of the night with beams of moonlight rays, Streg felt comfortable that a car was not tailing the pickup truck and he could safety converse with Ikko, without disturbing Julius, who was resting on the floor leaning over the bench seat, cuddling the dying dog and, sobbing with his sad feelings.
Streg drove with a new smile and several head nods. “Well, that went well. I’m totally shocked and surprised as the old saying goes.”
Ikko didn’t bother to view the sights of Atlanta buildings or signs, staring out the front windshield. “I am just as relieved and shock like you, Streg. I guess this is our new life of …” she exhaled with depression. “I can’t even say the word.”
“I can’t either. We need to drive all night inside this piece of shit truck. If we get stuck on the highway, I gotta walk to a pay phone and call…”
“We got a mobile telephone from your friend Coup.”
Streg gasped in alarm. “I forgot about the borrowed mobile telephone. I gotta return the phone and money, taking a detour through Alabaster on our way back down to Mobile. Coup give me the two items in case, we needed to escape with our lives, living in a hotel room, not on the streets. Well, our lives are breathing. I feel bad for the bad guys when they discover something new.”
She shook her curls. “I don’t think those are really the bad guys and gals here. I think they are only more worker bees like us.”
“What makes you think that?’
“They helped a sickly dog. Bad guys don’t carry emotions or possess souls.”
Streg laughed with a nod. “Right!”
She nodded with a smile and then gasped in alarm, clutching her throat. “Stop the truck! Stop the truck!”
He gasped in alarm and slowed the speed, easing the truck into an open shopping market, stopping the vehicle. He turned and stared at her nose profile.” What is it? What’s wrong? Are you sick? Are you hurt?”
In the passenger seat, Ikko continued to clutch her throat and stared through the windshield. “Kill the engine. Kill the engine. Get out! Get out! We need to look inside the trunk with the leather cover.” She opened the door and scooted off the seat, leaving the door open, dashing towards the rear end of the truck.
Streg gasped in alarm and softly cursed. “Shit!” He opened the door and slid off the seat, leaving the door open also, racing to the back of the truck and stopped, standing beside Ikko.
She continued to stare at the cover and whispered with worry. “Can you lift that cover up from the truck bed?”
Streg didn’t bother to answer and reached over, pulling up each prong, gently lifting the upper section of the leather cover, exposing the new cargo. He gasped in fear. “O no!”
“O yes!”
He said. “What is it?”
“There are more heavy black tinted boxes with a metal box that holds an electronic code inside the trunk bed. These crooks are very sophisticated with computers. The cargo contains packs of cocaine.”
He gasped in shock and continued to hold the leather cover. “No! No! No! You can’t know that! You don’t know that! That can’t be possible! We were standing there, when they worked on the truck. You didn’t see the cargo items.”
“I know that. We were not present before they loaded the rear end of the truck. One of the nice and compassionate guards told me that he gave the dog a pinch of cocaine to ease its pain for the long trip back to Mobile and he called medication. Cocaine is used as medication in the proper hospital setting to a sick patient for pain relief. The cocaine is easing the dog’s pain but will also slowly stop the steady heart rate on the dog. The dog will die in peace. But what about us?”
He nodded. “We need to see and verify your working theory. Can you kindly ask Julius to come around and open one of the metal boxes again? Will he do that for us?”
“Yes, he will do that for me. You go back and set in the truck, so he doesn’t get upset or something.”
“Yeah! Yeah! I will do that,” Streg folded the new leather cover in half at the seam, exposing the first three rows with a set of smaller black tinted boxes for Julius, scooting sideways, moving back into the driver’s seat and pondered the next hours of his life.
Ikko exhaled with worry and calmed her emotions, shuffling back to the rear seat, opening the door, asking the question to Julius. He left in silence his dying dog on the rear bench seat and padded to the rear of the truck, using his magical fingers, opening the first box and then returned back to his dog.
Ikko stood in place and stared at the open box without lifting the lid, exhaling with fear, inhaling in courage. She reached out and touched, gently lifting the lid, seeing the items and gasped in horror. She looked up and scanned the immediate environment for another person, seeing only the stillness of the night, hearing distance sirens for an emergency. She did not close the lid without relocking the box and back stepped in fear, scooting around the rear bumper, padding down the side of the truck and topped at the open window, viewing Streg. She leaned down and whispered, without bothering Julius, to Streg. “Packages of white tinted dry substance. Do you wanna take a guess of my verification?”
“Shit!” He slowly slid from the driver’s seat and moved with Ikko back to the rear of the truck, viewing less than one hundred white tinted packages inside the first box also, exhaling with worry. “We need to do something this time to save our asses, this time. Now, I understand the use of the older truck. First, no police officer will guess that the truck is hauling packages of illegal cocaine. Second, the police officer will not stop us for polluting the air. This is the great State of Alabama,” he laughed alone and reached out, grabbing one of the packages, placing inside one of the many pockets on the ugly tan colored, dirty jumpsuit. He slowly closed the leather cover back over the cargo.
Ikko exhaled with worry and stared at the boxes. “We need to get going and arrive before dawn to Mobile, sleeping in the truck, guarding the stuff with our lives. Now, I understand why we are to sleep in the truck and not rent a roach motel room. All of this making more sense. These criminals are thorough, if not smart.” She gasped. “What are you doing?”
“I have another idea,” he slammed the cover back down over the boxes and secured the locks.
“You first wild and crazy idea is going to get us killed.”
“Then, my second wild and crazy idea want harm us,” he laughed and spun around, moving back to the driver’s seat. “Get back into the truck! We need to drive.”
She rushed ahead and re-entered the truck, looking back at Julius and then turning to see the nose profile on Streg with worry and angry. Streg started the engine and slowly steered the truck back onto the city street.
A few minutes later and one mile down the street, at 09:29 am, Streg turned into the first lighted gas station, parking beside the first gasoline pump, pulling out money from the paper bag, handing to her. “Go and pay for the gasoline. Then purchase lots of snacks and drinks, like we are visitors through the great State of Georgia. And get receipts of everything. I’m going to go into the Men’s Bathroom first. Then Julius needs to go the bathroom next. We have a long haul with the stuff back down to Mobile.  I don’t wanna stop but for potty time and pits stops.”
She frowned. “What are you doing?”
He opened the door. “Go and get the gas and the snacks,” Streg left the truck and strutted to the bathrooms on the side of the building, entering the single room. He spun around and locked the door, slipping out the mobile telephone and the pack of cocaine. He first snapped pictures of the package and then called his friend Coup. “Coup, are you awake?” He laughed.
Paused.
“You’re a good guesser. I got another new illegal assignment, hauling packs of cocaine down Interstate 65 back to Mobile down into the hands of Red Coat British.”
Paused.
Streg laughed again. “I like that plan.” He waited and then smiled. “Good morning, lady! Each pack is loaded into another black tinted box with a metal box.” He listened to her words. “You’re very good. That’s exactly the setup!” He listened to her words again. “All right! I understand. I’m on the outskirts of Atlanta right now. It’ll take more four hours or more to reach Alabaster. I’m driving a shitty truck that only goes forty miles per hour.” He said. “Coup!” He nodded with a smile. “All right! That’s a plan! We are all gassed up and ready to roll. Call me when the tow truck is close to me. Thanks, again, Coup! I really appreciate you and your workers,” Streg disconnected the telephone line and used the bathroom, cleaning his hands, placing the pack of cocaine back into his jumpsuit and left the bathroom. He slowly moved through the store and viewed Julius, who moved to the bathroom setting for relief also. Streg stopped and purchased a cup of hot chocolate and purchased a cold sandwich of different meats for the long trip, paying with Coup’s money, tossing the receipt in the trash. He left the store and returned back to the truck, settling into the passenger seat.
Ikko had purchase plastic bags of floor that rested at his feet. She sat in the driver’s seat, without eating or drinking. “I’ll drive part of the way to Mobile.”
“Okay!” Streg ate the food.
Julius was moaning over the dying dog in the rear seat. Ikko started the engine and slowly drove the truck back onto the city street eventually hitting the interstate, cruising at forty miles per hour with an occasional cloud of black smoke from the muffler.
Few minutes later, Streg finished the food and then burped out loud with satisfaction, reaching down, rattling the plastic bags and pulled out a bag of chips, opening the bag, grabbing one chip. “All right! In the bathroom, I called my friend. He is working on some fake packages that will replace the original ones.” He ate the chip and munched on the tartness.
Ikko gasped in shock and continued to drive. “What! How! How is that possible.”
My friend has lots of talented workers. I don’t wanna detail too much information, since I might have to kill you.” He laughed with Ikko. “So, we drive south, until we meet the two truck.”
She gasped again, “What! What tow truck?”
He exhaled with annoyance. “I told my friend about the slow-moving transport to his farm. He has sent out a tow truck that will tow the truck back to his chicken farm at a faster pace than forty miles per hour. At this rate of speed, we will arrive…”
“…at six o’clock in Mobile,” she frowned. “I can calculate math numbers in my brain cells, too. Now, I understand why we are will not die. They will work us to death.”
He laughed. “Yeah, I agree. The tow truck will take the truck and all of us back to his chicken farm for a hot meal, a hot shower, a cool room for sleeping while his workers create new packs of white tinted substances.”
“You cannot substitute the plant of cocaine. I know. How is your friend going to do that?”
He swallowed the lump of chewed food particles. “I didn’t know the details. We will find out when we arrive at his farm. I don’t really care either. I agree with our statement. Red Coat British only wants a group of mules to deliver her cargo. I personal don’t’ believe that she knows if the cargo is true or not, because she gets stacks of cash that she hides in her mattress. So, we do this last run and then we run away with the next cargo assignment straight to my friend’s farm. My friend has offered to house and feed and protect us for the rest of our lives. What do you think?”
She smiled and continued to drive. “I like your friend. Is he able to care for all of us at his farm? I mean, I vote for freedom, instead of prison or death. But I do not own anything including my own clothes, much less a hidden bank account of money. I was not a bank robber,” she giggled.
“My friend is rich, rich, rich. He feels that it is his American and Christian duty to help the poor, the stupid, and the innocent crim-animals.”
She laughed. “I like your friend.”
“Me, too!” He ate the potato chips and enjoyed the ride at 09:47 pm in the evening.

One hour and one minute later, at 10:48 pm, 57 miles due west of the city of Atlanta, on an empty and lonely Interstate 20 roadway underneath a full moon and twinkling stars of heated air, the ancient pickup truck’s engine roared in loud noises, not motor power, slowly performing a putt-putt motion on highway, moving towards the Alabama state line. Ikko continued to drive and worried in silence with her future employer, the nasty and mean Senator Reed British, pondering new plans for her life. Streg closed both of his eyelids, resting his tired body and his worried mind inside the ratty brown tinted leather passenger seat. Julius continued to rest on top of the floor stroking while whispering his sweet words of compassion to the dying dog. The dog was silence and unconscious without doggie pain coming from the pinch of illegal cocaine drugs.
The borrowed mobile telephone loudly sung a familiar country musical song. Ikko gasped in shock and continued to drive. Julius ignored the loud noise. Streg stirred into consciousness searching his lap for the ringing phone, finding the item and swished the familiar icon and lifted into his face, whispering his reply. “Yeah!” He listened to Coup, without interrupting. Then he asked Ikko. “Where is the truck located on the interstate roadway?”
He leaned over and allowed her to speak into the mobile telephone to coup.” We just passed the Tallapoosa Welcome Center heading west on Interstate 20 here in the great State of Georgia. We are three miles from the Alabama state line.” She listened to Coup and then nodded. “I got it! Cross the state line and travel one mile on the Interstate and then exit off, driving into the Robert S. Hardy Welcome Center and park the truck. You will come and get us. I got it! Thanks!”
Streg returned the phone back into his face and smiled. “She got it! We’ll see you in a few more minutes. Thanks!” He disconnected the phone and replaced down into his lap, yawning from exhaustion, wiping off the hard sleepy crumbs from his two eyelids, blinking both his brain cells and his two eyeballs into focus. He didn’t both to repeat the instructions to the driver. Ikko had proven herself as a good partner and a great friend on the dangerous assignment. Streg wondered about her criminal past and her prison time. Well, he would plenty of time asking her tons of questions about her life, once this new assignment was done.
Ikko focused on driving and passed the state line, slowing the truck speed, looking for the exit in the midnight darkness on the interstate, using her turn signal as a good driver. She turned off the interstate and slowly steered down another smooth roadway, entering a parking lot which was filled with large semi-tractors trucks, picking a spot near on the other side of the building in the clearing for the tow truck to collect the ancient pickup truck. She parked underneath the stars and killed the engine, opening the door, whispering to Streg. “I need to go to the girly bathroom and wash my face, stretching my legs. Julius is fine here inside the truck. We both can leave him here until the tow truck arrives,” she slid off the seat and landed down on the hard pavement, leaving the door open and slowly strolled toward the building in silence. The day had been long. She looked forward to a hot bath and a flat mattress, sleeping until she was needed to complete this new assignment.
In the passenger seat, Streg nodded in silence and opened the door, sliding down from the seat without closing the door, spinning around and rushed to the end of the building and stopped at the edge of the manicured grass watching for the tow truck. He was alert and paced back and forth with new energy, wonderful, and puzzlement checking the phone screen, scanning the new environment.
Each Welcome Center within the US State of Alabama appeared the same within the eyeballs on Streg. An ancient square shaped building in reddish-brown brick with three or four sides with glass windows that were always dirty from sticky fingers of kids or dirt balls of weather patterns. The building did not contain people or furniture, only a solid wooden table with pamphlets of Alabama vacation spots and a wall of vendor machines of fresh food items. The outside grounds were covered in cut green tinted grass, without pods of flowers or groves of trees surrounding two gray tinted parking lots for each visitor vehicle. The grassy park provided a rest stop for any traveler, during the daylight hours and a parking spot for each semi-tractor driver for sleep, during the nighttime hours.
The mobile telephone chimed with the familiar country song. Streg answered on the second ring, listening to Coup. “I got it! I see the headlights on your truck, Coup! The pickup truck is parked behind me at the end of the building.” One pickup truck, two full-sized work vans, and a large tow truck slowly passed a stationary Streg, heading towards the target item. Streg spun around and dashed ahead stopping beside the pickup truck.
The door opened and revealed Coup. He smiled and slowly climbed down from the gigantic truck that boosted his ego, not his body. Streg had the urge to assist the little guy down from the tall seat but continued to stand in place with a bright mile. Coup struggled down and then spun around, nodding to Streg. “How do you wanna handle your two crew mates? I understand one is a little sensitive. How is the dog?”
He nodded. “I think the dog is almost dead. She is asleep and does not move or howl. I would suggest we allow her friend Ikko to talk with the dog owner, before loading the pickup trunk onto the tow truck.”
Ikko appeared and stood beside Streg, extending her hand, nodding with a smile. “Hi! My name is not needed here. You must be the friend of Streg. Streg’s a good spy. He never reveals old or new information.” They all laughed. She nodded. “I’ll go and tell Julius that the old truck is broken and needs to be towed to the hotel. Where we will sleep for the evening? I see a pickup truck and two work vans. Which van is ours?”
Coup nodded and pointed at each van. “Each van contains a soft mattress with linens sheet…”
“What! No satin sheets for my naked butt!” Streg laughed with his friends.
Coup smiled. “I didn’t have enough time, darling! Each one can pick a van and go to sleep. Or you can ride in the front sleep, without sleep. I just provided more options for the long drive back to my home town, which will not be named either.” They softly chuckled.
Ikko decided. “I will ask Julius to ride and rest his tired bones and his aching heart inside one of the vans with his dog. Is it okay that his dying dog comes with him?”
He slapped his chest and nodded with a stern face. “I insist his pet dog come with us. Once the dog passes, we can hold a proper burial on my farmland. I possess a pet sanctuary for all deceased pets, that were owned by young children. Both the place and the act helps each child understand the concept of death and then each child accepts the loss of their pet. You and your friend go ahead and get into the van, once you are ready to live, tell the driver. He’ll drive you back to our secret place,” Coup nodded.
She smiled. “Thank you! I’ll go and explain to Julius what he needs to do. Gemma a few minutes here!” Ikko scooted sideways and approached the ancient green tinted truck, talking with Julius.
“Take your time! We have all night!” Streg nodded with a smile. “What’s the plan of action, Coup?” He scooted backwards from the line of vehicles and stood near the dark wall on the welcome center building with his friend, plopping on top of the pavement while listening to the new plan.
Coup sat down beside Streg. “My DEA lady is smart. She is right now mixing up a pot of fake cocaine.” 
He shook his curls. “How is that even possible?”
“She’s very smart a lady and she is single, Streg. The product of cocaine comes from the coco leaves which is native to the country South American. The product of cocaine is used as medical medication for a sick patient in a hospital setting and in cosmetics for women and other useful, not harmful purposes, except the biggest use is recreational fun for getting high and leaving the planet, I guess. Since I am not a recreational user of any illegal drugs. Anyways, the product of cocaine appears as a white, crystal powder in its final cooked form. The white powder resembles cornstarch…”
“No!” Streg gasped. “Are you building bags with baking cornstarch flour?”
“No.”
“The product also looks like talcum powder or cooking flour. No! I am not building packages of fake cocaine from either, either. The product comes from a chemical process which extracts out the alkaloid content from the plant leaves giving the white color and the taste. Alkaloid is natural occurring organic compound made by Almighty God which includes the products of morphine drugs and atropine poisons. Alkaloid organic compound is present in cocoa beans, coffee beans, tea leaves, black pepper beans, and honey…”
“Honey is…”
“…not used…” Coup laughed. “Honeysuckles…”
“What! I’m confused, Coup!”
Coup slapped his kneecap and nodded with a smile. “We used the leaves and the flowers from honeysuckle vines that grow over the ground, the gates, the branches, the tree bark on my farmland. The honeysuckle leaves and flowers contain almost the same natural occurring organic compound of alkaloid.”
Streg gasped in shock, “What! They’re going to know. They’re going to find out. They’re going to kill me.”
“Relax, Streg! They will not know. Once they try a tiny sample from one of the numerous fake cocaine packages, it will taste bitter and contain almost the same measurement of alkaloid on their human tongue. My DEA lady is smart and knows her stuff. Anyways, once you deliver this piece of last cargo items, you will run away and come here living with me. The end!”
Streg nodded with a fake smile and a fluttering stomach of worry. “All right! I can do that. That’s a brilliant plan. But what about the users of the cocaine?”
Coup buzzed his lips and then sneered. “I don’t care about drug users.”
“If the drug users use the fake cocaine, they could die or become really sick.”
Coup nodded. “I am not in the drug business. I am here helping you and your two friends get out of the drug business with Senator Red Coat British. The bad guys will come after her hide. She accepted the money from them. The end!”
Ikko appeared and slowly escorted Julius with his dying dog into one of the vans, securing him and the dog on top of the soft mattress. She closed the door and signaled the driver. The driver of the first van slowly left the welcome center, driving back to the city of Alabaster. Ikko stood in place and watched the taillights on the van disappear into the darkness, spinning around, looking for Streg and find him with his unnamed friend on the ground against the side wall on the building. She waved goodbye in silence and then turned, approaching the second family van, climbing into the mattress for some serious sleep. The driver closed the door and spun around, waving to Coup. Coup waved back for the driver to leave the welcome center also.
On the side wall, Streg stared at the second van with his new friend Ikko. “Where are my two friends staying the night, inside the van?”
Coup watched the red tinted taillight on the van also, “No! I got each one a hotel room on the edge of town for the night. Each driver will arrive and register the room assuming the occupant of the room and then will release each friend into their private room along with the dog. Each one of your friends can order room service and eat anything they want, even for the dog. If there is any trouble, your friends can come and stay with me. I didn’t want to share any more information.”
“That’s a wise choice. Where do I stay the night?”
“You can stay at my house. I have a warm room and a hot tub for you. Or you can stay at the same hotel. I have separate hotel room for you there also.”
Streg exhaled with exhaustion and decision returning back, seeing the tow trunk. The ancient green colored pickup truck was loaded onto the flat ramp. The pickup truck driver started to slowly drive ahead heading back to Coup’s farm. Streg slowly stood upright and wiped off the dirt, nodding with a smile. “You know, I wanna…”
“…see Red Coat British’s ugly distorted face, when she learns there is an individual dead chicken part inside each one of her precious black tinted boxes, instead of the original order. Someone is not going to be happy.” Coup laughed out loud, slowing moving back to his truck with Streg as both of them continued to laugh at the executed plan. “Let’s go home, Streg! I tired of beating the bad guys,” he chuckled with delight and loaded back into the truck, cranking the engine.

At 11:51 pm, Streg landed down in the plush leather passenger seat and leaned back, closing his two eyelids, dropping down into slumber as Coup drove them back to his farm for rest and safety.

On July 2nd, Monday, another heated morning, at 03:30 am, Streg arrived back at the hotel building, loudly knocking on Ikko’s hotel room door. She answered within seconds and gasped in shock.
“My friend,” he frowned. “Let me backup. The tow truck driver is towing that shitty truck from its temporary home within the city of Alabaster down into the outskirts in the town of Poarch, getting off Interstate 65, pulling onto Jake Springs road. Then we will assume the trip driving that truck the rest of the land distance to Mobile, which is 50 miles or one hour and thirty minutes of sheer torment,” he laughed with Ikko.
She smiled, “Awe! You’re a sweet treat, Streg. You brought Julius a new dog.”
He cuddled the young puppy with love also. “Coup, he offered the puppy. He heard the terrible stories from the driver and felt sad that the dog was abandoned and then hurt and now probably dead. He thought Julius would become very upset after the death of his pet.”
She exhaled and nodded with a smile. “The dog died this morning at 2am while Julius banged the hingers off my hotel door. He and I buried the dead animal down in the woodlands behind the hotel. I don’t really care if I was okay or not. I broke the ceramic lamp and used the base as a shovel. Julius wasn’t in a frame of mind for digging with a sharp instrument.”
“You’re a smart lady.”
She winked with a chuckle, “I know. He’ll be very happy with the new puppy and we’re ready to leave also. I’m sorry about the lamp. The hotel manager will charge our friend for the damage of the lamp in my room and the smell of death in the other hotel room.”
“It’s okay. The damage was for a good cause. Coup is rich, rich, rich. Before we leave the nice hotel and the buried dead dog, there is some time, before our rousing next adventure together. I want you to tell me your criminal story.”
“What!” She gasped in shock.
He entered the room and squatted down releasing the puppy onto the carpet. The puppy yelped out loud and then dropped down its muzzle, sniffing the dirty carpet. Streg scooted backwards and sat down in the chair, nodding with a smile to Ikko. “Tell me the story of you and Julius! This might be our last chance. I don’t know what the future holds,” he laughed with her.
She scooted backwards and sat down on top of the messy bed mattress, nodding with a smile, watching the puppy. The puppy ventured into the wall corner near the curtains and squatted down on its two hind legs, clearing a tiny space, peeing on the carpet. After its bodily function, the puppy lifted up and dashed around the room, yelping at the tall legs on each furniture item. Ikko laughed with Streg and then exhaled with disappointment, staring at Streg. “Julius and I were a pair of prison guards. I graduated from the police academy before Julius and was assigned as the check-in girl at a naked office desk typing the information on the laptop computer, before the first set of iron prison bars. The prison warden thought a female would distract violent attention from the rough and tough prisoners, which I admit, it did work. I got lots of dates but not serious boyfriend,” she laughed and shook her curls. “I never touched or talked with any of the male prisoners. Julius’s body was built for hard core violence. He could manhandle any rough or tough or angry or unstable prisoners with his brute strength. We worked during the third shift of dangerous and intrigue at the local prison facility for two years. Then, one overheated and overcrowded night, a prison riot broke out inside the recreational area. Julius was called and entered the room, tossing each fighting male body all over the place, like normal. However, one of the prisoners possessed a tiny kitten.”
“What the fuck!” Streg gasped in shock.
“Yeah, what the fuck!” She nodded with a sour frown. “Julius lost his mind, at least, his tough personality that night. He saw the kitten and melted into a pile of jelly, dashing ahead, reaching out, grabbing the arm on the prisoner with the tiny kitten. He grabbed the kitten and tossed the prisoner into the wall, making the male unconscious. The rest of the bad prisoners joined the fight while Julius continued to protect the tiny kitten. The other prison guards joined the new fight, tossing bodies from Julius. I heard the terrible commotion of screams and yells and left my assigned prison post.”
“O shit!”
“Julius became confused still protecting the kitten and grabbed the arm on of the prison guards, by mistake, thinking he was going to harm the kitten. Julius slammed the head of the guard into the all making him unconscious.”
“O shit!”
She nodded with a stern face. “Yeah, I arrived in time to see an upset Julius and entered the recreational room, without permission, of course. One of the prisoners attacked me. I can defend my person with my body, my hands, and my gun. But you know that. Julius was upset and continued to attack every prisoner and each prison guard, until one of the guards shot Julius in the back spine with a taser weapon. Julius hit the hard floor with his body and smashed the tiny eight-week-old little kitten as he continued to verbally scream crying in pain and sadness.  After each bloody or unconscious prisoner was returned back into their personal prison cell, Julius was not moved from the dirty floor inside the recreational center. He was too big to move and laid there all night and all day. I lost my shit and started screaming at everyone, including the warden. A long story shortened. I was discharged from my working police job along with Julius, of course. However, our fairy tale turned into a demon tale. One of the prisoners died and numerous prisoners were injured in the prison medical ward along with numerous police officers. Julius was secretly tried, without a jury of peers in a legal courtroom, and found guilty of murder, placed inside his own personal prison cell. I was his partner.”
“O shit!”
“Yeah, lots of dog shit hit the twin propellers on that flying airplane in the sky that morning. I was arrested, convicted, and sentenced with first degree murder and obstruction and other charges that my mind does not want to recall. So, we were place in a special prison cell, on the other end of the building, because we were a pair of former police officers. I wasn’t mad a Julius. He was upset that the kitten had died. If the kitten hadn’t died, then everything would have been cool. No person knows the trouble inside a prison facility. Anyways, like you, one day, the warden shows up and wears a sneer, ordering our release. We both were escorted from our assigned prison cell for a life term by a pair of Black Suits. At first, I was confused, until I viewed a long, shiny silver tinted limousine and the fake plastic face on Reed Cathy ‘Red Coat’ British. Then I know that I was screwed for the rest of my days and nights. So, I decided to act like the mother over Julius. He is not dumb, but slow-thinking. And he did not understand why he was inside a jail cell. But Julius was nice and humble and meek like he had been before the death of the kitten and the terrible fight inside the recreational center. The prison warden only employed Julius for his muscles, not matter. Then, we were taken from our new home and given to another human like selling a farm cow. Julius didn’t understand why he was in a limousine. We slid down onto the smooth leather bench seat and then drove from the local prison facility, stopping in front of the Coast Guard Administration building. I’m a military kid and know the building is not filled with guns and warriors, but offices and desks. There, we collected you which started of our lovely new story.”
Streg nodded with a smile. “Thank you for sharing your demon tale. Now, I don’t fill special.” He laughed with her and stood upright. “Let’s move! There is another van for Julius and his new puppy and a second van for us. I’m beat after sleeping for less than three hours. I’m not a young man anymore,” he chuckled. “And there are numerous boxes of warm and cold food items inside the van for both man and beast,” Streg spun around and scooted to the next room.
Ikko left her damaged room and scooted sideways, pounding on the door. Julius appeared within seconds and gasped in shock, leaving the room, smelling like a walking cow, without bathing or washing his dirty face and arms, after burying the dead dog, this morning. He immediately headed to Streg and then hugged both Streg and the dog, pulling back, accepting the puppy. He stood in place and cuddled the puppy and as the puppy nipped at his fingers and face.
Ikko smiled with delight. “Julius, we are ready to leave our old home. There is another van for you and the puppy traveling down to Mobile. And there is food inside the van for you and puppy. Let’s all go and get into the van!” She spun around and led Julius. He slowly moved ahead and cuddled the puppy, mumbling his words at the cute animal. Streg spun around and smiled with delight at the happy moment until his gut started worrying about the upcoming visit with Senator British.
They left the hotel building, moved outside in the humid air waves and dark night sky, entering into one of the two work vans, compliments of Coup, again. Each van driver started speeding on the interstate beating the six-thirty time deadline to the city of Poarch. The tow truck driver was ahead of the two vans, driving fast also to the final destination.
Streg ate some of the food and then leaned down resting on top of the long bench, sleeping for another few hours until he was required to drive the ancient green tinted pickup truck back to Mobile.
Ikko picked over the food baskets and munched on a few items, still worrying about her life with Senator British, the chicken parts in the first cargo load, and now packages of fake cocaine bags inside the ancient pickup truck, hoping to live after eight o’clock, this morning. Once she chewed up the food and filled her hungry stomach, Ikko leaned down and rested on the comfortable long bench seat, staring at Streg and then closed both of her two eyelashes for some slumber.

Two hours and ten minutes, at 05:28 am, the sun twinkled in the horizon, without awakening the two passengers. The van driver pulled off the Interstate 65 and stopped on the side of the road, in the dirt, staring at the green tinted pickup truck. The truck was running blowing out black tinted puffs of smoke in the clean air waves. The driver stopped beside the first van driver and blew the horn, rousing Streg and Ikko.
Streg shot upright and blinked both of his eyelids open and then shut, studying the new environment, yelling at her friend. “Ikko, get up. We’re here. Get into the tuck! We need to leave. You can sleep on the way!” he exited the van and thanked the driver, rushing to the second van, opening the door.
Julius happily exited the van with the puppy and entered the rear bench seat on the old truck, playing with the puppy. Ikko rushed from the van and slid into the passenger seat, scanning the flat dirty ground and the paved roadway in silence.
Streg nodded to each driver and loaded down into the driver’s seat, pressing the gasoline pedal, hearing the noise, before seeing the cloud of black smoke from the muffler on the old truck. He cursed in silence and slowly entered back into the interstate, driving as fast as the machine could perform back to Mobile. His friend Coup was safe and asleep back at his farm house. His devoted workers assigned Streg and his friends with their escape from the hotel room arriving at the town of Poarch.
Inside the cabin of the truck, Julius was laughing and playing with the puppy. The puppy was growling and then snapping and then nipping at the numerous fingers on Julius making both of them happy and busy.
Inside the passenger seat, Ikko sipped on the cold beverage and stared out the windshield. The scene was the same flat brown tinted dirt with field crops underneath a clear pale blue sky. She asked. “What is this place, Poarch? I have never heard of the town. Why did you select this hot spot?”
Streg drove and continued to softy curse at the lousy engine on the old truck. “Poarch is nicely 50 miles north from the city of Mobile. My friend has planned and executed all of our steps. Honestly, I’m too dumb and tried to add one plus one yesterday morning and today. The town of Poarch, within the State of Alabama house the Poarch Native American Indian tribe which is part of the Creek Indian Nation. The Poarch tribe include 2,340 members. A total number of 282 Poarch Native American Indians resides on the 230-acre Poarch Indian reservation, since the beginning of time. Historically, the Native American Indian tribes were forced from the US States of Georgia and Alabama in the year 1836, except for this band of Indians. The Poarch Native American Indian tribe established a small community with their own school building, fire department, police department and judges. Their leaders petitioned for their lands from the US Federal Government. Personally, I believe the Native American Indians are the true natives of North America and should own and live anywhere they want to but that is beside the point. The Poarch reservation is located down that paved road along with a bingo building for gamblers and a motel for visitors.”
“Thanks for sharing the information. Are you ready to perform your act in front of Senator British?” She frowned and then sipped the beverage.
He exhaled with worry. “I’m ready to end this silly fake assignment mission. After we dump the truck with the boxes, we all run off and hide in the nearest hotel and call my friend on the hotel phone. He will send out a couple of work vans for us. Then we can live on his farm for the rest of our lives. How does that sound?”
She smiled. “Good for me and Julius!”

One hour and twenty-six minutes later, at 07:56 am, an old pickup truck in faded dark green tint blowing out a plume of black tinted smoke, slowed the speed and as the driver slammed on the brakes, producing a terrible squeaky noise, turning onto the South Warren Avenue and then stopped in front of a new longer delivery truck in bright yellow paint. Streg killed the engine and laughed out loud with amusement. “Well, we made it, thus far. Time to get out and greet Queen Bee! You and Julius hang around the truck, in case of bad happenings with Queen Bee,” he opened the squeak door along with the Ikko, exiting the front seat, spinning around with a smile.
Before arriving a few seconds before eight o’clock, in front of Senator British, Streg had stopped and paid for a nice hotel room away from British Park on the popular and over crowed Government Street for people protection, storing the baby puppy inside that room. Senator British would greatly question the appearance of a new puppy dog, where Julius might offer a true explanation. Of course, Julius had been upset about leaving the puppy in the hotel room, but Ikko promised room service meals for Julius inside the hotel room, right after visiting the park.
In the park, beside the truck, Streg strutted ahead towards the parked tan colored limousine that was again surrounded with the row of Black Suits, like Streg was going to murder the senator or something. He whispered for his eardrums only. “Ah! Deja and view!” He stopped and stood in front of the armed guards.
One of her guards opened the rear limousine door, Senator Reed Cathy “Red Coat” British slid out from the limousine laughing out loud, and stood upright still laughing at Streg, slowly approaching her new employee and stopped in front of his chest. She sniffed the air waves and then back stepped form his vile body odor stench with a tart expression. Streg didn’t bother to wash his dirty clothes or his dirty body, since the senator might suspect he and his friends robbed the bank and stayed at a hotel. And he desired sleep, not a clean body.
She smiled. “I can see that you were successful with your first assignment.”
Steg gasped in shock. The senator didn’t know about the hidden boxes of cocaine underneath the truck cover, then Streg nodded with a smile to the wicked woman. Yes, the senator knew about the boxes of cocaine but trusted her new employees with some type of personal honor. Boy, she was going to get killed first by the vicious gang of evil people, once they figured out the baby parts were chicken parts.
She thumbed behind her collar bone of her expensive white tinted designer suit jacket, pointing at the new truck. “I have another…”
“Wait!” He rubbed his dirty face and dropped both of his hands, frowning at her. “We just drove through the night and arrived here in time, before getting into trouble with that terrible truck. Now, you want us to go again in a new truck. I might have a car wreck or something bad, if I keep driving, without sleep.”
She coughed out loud and then smiled. “You smell terrible but appear awake. Get moving! The truck fob, driving instructions, and a new envelope of cash money, the items are located inside the glove box. You have all day and all night to reach your new travel destination. Once you leave here, pull over onto the roadway and take a snooze.  The cargo is not due until eleven o’clock tonight, in case, you forget to read the driving instructions in Memphis…”
“Memphis!” He gasped in shock. “The city of Memphis is located in the southwestern end of the US State of Tennessee, which is six long hours of driving in the heated sunlight.”
She smiled. “You have all day and all night. So, get moving right now from here!”
He handed her a paper bag. “Here! This is the bag of cash money and all of the paper receipts used on our round-trip from here in Mobile to Atlanta and then back here to Mobile as ordered.”
She stared at the bag and pointed at the closest Black Suit, who reached out and grabbed the paper, not looking inside the item.  The senator smiled with a nod. “I did pick the right stuff. Get moving and stop for a breakfast meal with cups of hot steaming coffee! I don’t want any more delays with the cargo from here to Memphis.”
“Yes ma’am!” Streg nodded with a fake smile and spun around, gasping in alarm. Ikko and Julius were passing Streg on the other side of the limousine, moving over the city street towards the new truck. He spun around and scooted around the senator, loading up into the driver’s seat, leaning over and opened the glove box. He pulled out the driving instructions, a new paper bag of cash money, and the truck fob. He replaced the trunk fob back into the glove box. The truck was start and then run as long as the truck fob was near the engine. He handed the instructions and the bag of money to Ikko. Ikko replaced the bag of money back into down into the open glove compartment, reading the instructions, in silence.
Julius was bouncing up and down on the rear bench seat, shouting out loud, “Where’s my puppy? Where’s my puppy?”
Streg slowly steered forward and waved to Senator British while softly cursing at her slick illegal acts, leaving the park, driving back to the hotel room and parked behind the building. He was certain that no Black Suit was following the new delivery truck. This truck was longer than the first one and painted in yellow hue without a company name or a company logo either. He killed the engine and sat inside the driver’s seat, pondering the long trip to Memphis, staring into a grove of lush trees and low-lying bush plants, the pod of pretty wild flowers, wishing for a new life.
Julius opened the door and slid off the long bench, standing on the pavement, bouncing up and down on the pavement and disappeared around the truck while waiting for Ikko.
Ikko continued to sit in the chair and gasped in alarm. “Are we staying here for the day?”
“I wanna stay here for the day, but I’m worried about the contents of the new cargo. What could be inside the truck? We have arrived transported illegal aborted baby organs and bags of cocaine. What is left to transport inside a refrigerated truck to chill raw garden vegetables and fruits?”
She exhaled with worry and nodded with a stern face. “Counterfeit monies. There must stacks of counterfeit money in the rear compartment hold.”
He frowned. “Just great! My friend likes to help but getting his hands quickly on stacks of counterfeit monies will make him a criminal too.” He slapped the steering column with both hands and nodded to her. “Go ahead and take Julius back into the hotel room. I need to get out and see what’s in the rear of the truck.”
“Wait for me! Do not open that rear door without me! Let me get Julius settled into the room and order him several plates of food from room service,” she opened the door, slid down, standing on top of the pavement, racing ahead and joined Julius. They quickly padded into the rear of the building with the room pass, heading up to the top floor, visiting the puppy.
Inside the truck cab, Streg continued to sit at the driver’s seat and banged both of his palms onto the steering column with nervousness. He didn’t want to wait for Ikko and greatly desired to view the contents in the rear of the truck right now. Anyways, if the cargo could be substituted for a set of fake items, again. Then Streg needed to call his friend Coup right now and get the process started, before he arrived in the city of Alabaster, this morning. Or maybe, Streg would dump the truck here in the parking lot of the hotel, call his friend Coup, escaping from Senator British with his two friends and the puppy back to Coup’s farm, staring a new life.
“Yeah, I need to know!” He opened the door, slid off the seat, standing on top of the pavement leaving the door open. He exhaled with worry first and then slowly padded down the side of the new truck, reaching out, touching the smooth metal like he was a real truck driver and turned the corner, standing in front of the rear door. The door held a metal box again; but the heavy door was slightly jarred. Streg gasped in shock and turned to stare at the rear door on the hotel building, whispering for his eardrums only. “Julius, he had opened the door with his magical fingers. Thanks, buddy!” He returned back and smiled at the open door, slowly approaching the cracked door, seeing only darkness but hearing a set of faint voices. His naked dirty face could feel the cold air coming from the rear compartment room. He stopped and continued to stare at the cracked door without swinging open the heavy metal, still hearing a set of faint voices coming from the darkness. He whispered in panic, “O no! It can’t be. It can’t be. This can’t be happening.” He reached out and slammed the door shut, exhaling with worry, spinning around and leaned against the door, closing both of his eyelids with horrible thoughts. He stood upright and reached down, pulling out the borrowed mobile telephone, loading back into the driver’s seat. He slammed the door and pressed the facial icon, calling his friend Coup.
Coup did not answer on the first ring. It was the D.E.A. lady, who didn’t provide her name.
Streg breathed into the phone without answering her greeting and stared at the grove of trees, in silence, pondering his life.
The D.E.A. lady continued to yell with worry into her phone speaker at Streg. Streg exhaled with worry and swallowed the bitter bile back down his throat, clearing his esophagus and whispered back into the speaker. “I have alive and breathing and talking humans in the rear of the truck.” She gasped on the phone and asked questions. Streg answered. “I received a new driving assignment from Senator British. I am in a new refrigerated yellow tinted delivery truck and must drive the new cargo to the northern city of Memphis, within the US State of Tennessee and arrive at eleven o’clock tonight, not before. No. I did not communication with them. I slammed the door shut. What am I going to do?” She asked more questions. Streg said. “She told me to leave Mobile and stop and get some breakfast. What am I going to do next?” She gave him instructions and then disconnected the phone call, working on the next rescue plan.
Inside the truck cab, Streg continued to sit in the seat and stared out the windshield, viewing the grove of trees, feeling guilty, anger, sadness, and revenge at his new situation.
Ikko returned back and slid up into the passenger chair, turning with a stern face, staring at Streg. She could tell that he worried. “What! What is wrong?”
He didn’t view her and stared at the woodlands behind the hotel building, seeing Julius. Julius was playing with the puppy in the grass. Streg exhaled with worry and whispered. “The rear compartment contains humans.”
She gasped in alarm and wiggled sideways with worry. “O no!”
“O yes! We are trafficking humans.”
She frowned. “If we get caught, then we could go to jail for decades and decades.”
He nodded. “I know that.”
She waved both of her hands and nodded her bone skull. “We…we must release the humans and let them run free. Then, we only face the bad guys…”
“…with guns. I thought of that also. I have called Coup.”
She gasped in alarm. “No! Don’t involve your friend. This is too severe and serious. He could get arrested or harmed or killed. We ride out of the city and release the humans into the countryside. They can…can…”
“…runaway to where, to who, to what other town. We need to go directly to the police station and help these people. That’s the only solution.” She gasped in shock and didn’t answer his response.

At 08:36 am, the borrowed mobile telephone sounded with a familiar country song. Streg answered the phone with worry, “Yeah!” He listened to the new plan. “What! Are you insane?” He continued to listen to the new plan. “Yeah, you are insane. Both Ikko and I agree that the unknown humans should be released and freed from their refrigerated prison cell.” He nodded listening to the new plan. “I got it! I’m leaving, right now!” He disconnected the phone and stored the item in the cup holder. “You and Julius need to stay here at the hotel building. Coup is sending one of the work vans to here for the both of you. You will go and live on Coup’s farm. He’ll provide employment, a house and protection from Senator British.”
She gasped in shock. “What! No! What are you doing?”
He started the truck. “Coup has a new plan, but I must go alone.”
She reached out and touched his arm, shaking her curls. “No! You can’t go alone. What about me and Julius?”
“Coup will provide a place and protection for you. This is the only game plan that will save us and them.”
“What is the game plan?”
He exhaled with worry. “Look! You don’t wanna know.”
“Yes, I wanna know. What are you doing?”
He smiled. “Coup is executing a tiny car accident with this truck. Once the accident occurs, the police car will come and find the humans. Then the humans will be released to the police. The police will contact their ugliest relative and release all the humans to them.”
She nodded with a stern face. “That’s a brilliant plan for releasing the humans. What about you?”
He exhaled with worry. “Well, there is no other way here. I’ll become arrested for human trafficking…”
“No! What! Why is the plan planned out like this? How will you explain the absence of me and Julius from the car wreck and the truck cab? We’re all supposed to be inside the truck cab with you transporting the new cargo.”
He smiled. “The local police officers will not know that, since you and Julius will be here in Mobile. Once I am arrested, I must contact Senator British and explain the car accident. She will send several of her Black Suits, who will get me outta of jail and then outta of the way.”
She sneered and held back her girly tears of worry for Streg, “She will kill you right there in the woodlands for the car accident, losing me and Julius, and the human cargo.”
“I anticipate that, too. But, Coup, hopefully, will come and rescue me, before that happens.”
She growled. “Are you certain?”
He nodded with a smile. “I trust Coup.”
She frowned. “I don’t like this plan.”
He frowned. “What else are we going to do? I agree that we need to release the humans. If we release the humans, then we need a substitute for the cargo load in the rear of the truck. You can’t substitute a human life for another human life. That’s all wrong. If we release the humans and show up without the human cargo, we are all dead. This way, I have a fighting chance that Coup will save me.”
She frowned. “That’s a fifty-fifty plan.”
“That’s better than a zero-zero plan. I don’t enjoy the thoughts of wrecking the truck, finding the captives humans, and getting arrested by the local police force. But the local police officers will only spit on my face and beat my butt. Senator British is not so kind,” he laughed with relief at the upcoming distorted face on the senator. She exhaled with worry and started her speech. He reached out and touched her arm, nodding with a smile. “Get out! I need to go and grab some breakfast meal covering my delayed departure with paper receipts from Mobile and then meet Coup at the designated city, preparing for the car accident. Wish me luck!”
She didn’t hug his neck but touched his arm, nodding with a fake smile. “Did you know that Julius named his new puppy Cee Cee?”
Streg said. “No!” She smiled and nodded in silence. He repeated. “No!”
She frowned. “He had named the older dog, Dee Dee. He named the new puppy Cee Cee. His name is Julius. Julius Caesar was a great historical warrior.”
Streg gasped in shock. “I know that one.”
She nodded. “Julius does not express a long sentence of American or English or Spanish words, but he expresses enough of his emotions and feelings, if you care to notice. The name for the dying dog was called, Dee Dee, like death. He knew the dog was dying and named the dog appropriately letting everyone know also.”
He nodded with a smile. “The large man is a genius.”
She nodded. “Unlike the shorter man sitting next to me, he is something else. I wish you great luck. I do believe in Almighty God, his son Jesus Christ, the Holy Spirit, and heavenly angels. I’m praying right now and sending all of my angels to protect you.”
He winked at her. “Then I’m not afraid and very well protected. Thanks, Ikko! I don’t know if I will see you again, Ikko. I wish you and Julius good luck and a great future.”
“You, too!” Ikko scooted backwards and opened the door, sliding off the seat, standing on the pavement and stared at Streg, giving a last nod. She closed the door and raced ahead towards Julius, wiping off the moisture from her two eyeballs, hiding her worries from Julius. She smiled watching him play with the new puppy. Now, she was responsible for Julius and his life.

At 09:09 am, in the heated morning of a pretty summertime day, Streg had wasted enough time and needed to execute the new final plan, starting the engine and exhaled with worry, slowly steering the truck from the parking lot of the hotel building, merging into the morning traffic. He slowed the speed and pulled into the first fast food restaurant, ordering five different types of breakfast meals for his alibi cover to Senator British and paid watching on the food. He started driving again and merged into morning traffic slowly heading towards Interstate 65 towards the city of Montgomery. He nibbled on the food plates and then dropped each one down onto the floor away from his feet, saying in angry. “She can clean up the mess in the truck. I hope the humans in the rear compartment have food and water.” Streg hit the interstate roadway and increased the speed driving towards the designation point in the blistering heat and blinding sunlight, placing on the newly purchased sunglasses with a smirk, like the gang of Black Suits.

Fifty three minutes later, at 09:53 am, Streg continued to steer down the interstate roadway. The borrowed mobile telephone sounded with the familiar country song. Streg pressed the button on the console that access the ringing telephone signal and hollowed at the speaker box, “Yeah, I’m here.”
The voice of Coup spoke back on the speaker box. “Where are you?”
“I’m one mile from the Evergreen rest park.”
“Excellent, Streg! Exit off the interstate roadway and speed through the parking lot in the park, and then ram the rear bumper on the gigantic white tinted pickup truck on the other side of the building…”
“What!” Streg gasped in alarm and continued to drive, spotting the exit ramp to the Evergreen rest park.
“Don’t slam the rear bumper on the pickup truck with mighty force. Apply your brakes and gently smack the rear bumper with your front bumper. The delicate silver tinted chrome metal will bend and break from the non-deadly impact, without harming the driver. Stop the truck and do not back away from the rear bumper. Then, the driver will get outta of the truck, get mad at you and call the police, so you act appropriately. That action will get your cargo exposed and you arrested. Don’t worry!”
He frowned. “Why should I be worried? I’ll only get arrested and go to the local jail cell.”
“You’re comfortable in a prison cell. This is just a new one.” He laughed.
“Coup!” Streg smiled. “I’ll off the interstate and flying up the ramp, driving the winding room. I see the white tinted pickup truck on the end of the parking lot. I’m going to pitch the phone out the window. Be certain to grab it!” He rolled the glass window down, when the borrowed mobile telephone sung with the familiar song. Streg reached over and pressed the button. “What!”
“Hi, Streg!” A female voice laughed over the speaker box in the truck.
“Ikko, I’m little busy right now.”
“The code for the metal box is 1960. You need it to unlock the rear door and release the humans.”
He gasped in alarm. “Geez! Thanks, Ikko! I’m about to perform my new role and receive an Oscar award.”
“Good luck!” She disconnected the phone call.

At 10:01 am, Streg pitched the phone down into the grass, lifting the window and applied the brakes, gently slamming into the rear bumper on the white tinted pickup truck. The truck jolted a few feet ahead and then stopped with the delivery truck, drifting steam from the engine. Numerous flying heated and broken metal parts and pieces flew through the and landed back down the pavement.
Streg smiled at the beautiful collision and sat in the truck, waiting for the next performance. The dashboard rung 
The driver in the pickup truck opened the door and slid out from the driver’s seat, slowly standing on top of the pavement. Streg laughed out loud with amusement. The driver was one of Coup’s devoted farm workers, a petite young adult male Mexican, wearing a blue, yellow, and red plaid short-sleeved shirt, a pair of dark blue jeans, and a pair of orange colored cowboy boots. However, Coup worked with the US Federal Government agency and always got his workers farm visas and eventually American citizenship. American citizenship was not hard but cost money.
On top of the parking lot pavement, the petite male waved both of his arms in angry and shouted out loud, pointing at the truck cab, moving towards the rear of his pickup truck. Streg didn’t know what to do, so he stayed in the truck for protection. One of the visitors to the park was quick and called the emergency line, reporting the car accident at the park building.
A few minutes later, at 10:11 am, the local police cars and emergency vehicles blasted horns and sirens appearing on the roadway, arriving at the building and parked behind the delivery truck.
A group of six law enforcement officers from the local sheriff’s department slid out from three police vehicles and approached the front of the delivery truck. A group of eight individuals consisting of firefighters and paramedics rushed from one firetruck and stopped beside the short Mexico male, asking questions.
Inside the truck cab, Streg continued to smile at the ingenious plan and wiped off his grin, displaying a stern face, opening the door. He slid off the driver’s seat and waved to the group of law enforcement officers. “Howdy there!”
The team of six law enforcement officers split into two groups. One group surveyed the damage on the two automobiles. The other group surrounded Streg.
Beside the passenger door, on his damaged truck, the short Mexican male bounced up and down in angry, pointing at the delivery truck, shouting in the Spanish language. One of the law enforcement officers approached the Mexican male and then stopped, asking about the car accident, nodding to the Spanish words. He relayed back the English translation to the leader. “The male is yelling. He hit me! He hit me! Arrest him! The delivery truck barreled around the road and slammed into the parked pickup truck, without stopping. The rear bumper and the trunk bed look really bad and crushed.”
The leader law enforcement officer nodded to Streg hearing the true facts. “Sir, you have caused a car accident with your deliver truck. May I see your driver’s license.”
“Yeah!” Steg pulled out his valid Alabama driver’s license and handed to the officer.
The lead officer examined the license and then handed the item to one of his co-workers. “Go and run a trace on his license. Let’s see if he got some warrants on his ass!” the female co-worker grabbed the license and spun around, dashing back to her police vehicle with her new assignment.
“Hey! I’m the American here.” Streg decided to fight back like a real American, even if he knew the true plan. “Go and arrest that Mexican, who’s living in my country illegally and for free. I bet he doesn’t own a valid driver’s license either.”
The other law enforcement officer in front of the Mexico shouted out loud. “The Mexican has a valid driver’s license and an insurance card. He wants to know who to sue for damages on his pickup truck.”
“Tell him to call my lawyer!” Streg turned to see the Mexican and laughed out loud.
The lead officer frowned. “Are you intoxicated, sir?”
Streg returned back and sneered at the officer. “No!”
“I need to see your insurance card.”
Steg gasped in shock and shook his curls. “I don’t have an insurance card. I’m only the driver of the truck and I’m on the tick-tock time clock. I should get lots of overtime pay today.” He laughed for fun and reached over, patting the side of the truck. “This is not my personal truck. This is a service truck. I need to contact my employer and tell her about the car accident. Do you got a phone that I can borrow?”
The second officer returned and stood beside the leader handing the license back to her supervisor. “Streg doesn’t have any warrants or parking tickets. This is indeed your lucky day, Streg.’ Streg gasped in shock. Senator British was good, indeed. She had erased his crimes and his prison sentence from the local police and United States CIA databases. The law enforcement officers thought Streg was an American driver, working his low-paying job.
The third law enforcement officers separated from the row, moved behind the delivery truck, and then stopped, slamming the metal door, shouting back at Streg “What are you carrying inside the cargo hole? What are you hauling? Open it up! We need to see the cargo, sir?” The two other officers scooted sideways and stood an angle viewing the closed rear door on the truck in silence.

This is it!

Streg had received the door code from his friend Ikko for opening the locked rear compartment. Then, all of the prisoner humans would scream at the row of new faces and then rattle about their terrible captive from a group of nasty guys to the Spanish-speaking officer. Then Streg would be arrested on the spot and sent to the local jail cell. Hopefully, Coup would arrive soonest and bail Streg from the prison cell.

That is the plan!

Streg exhaled with worry and slowly padded down the side of the truck, turning the corner, stopping in front of the metal box. He lifted his hand and wiggled his fingers, punching in the code, hearing a loud scream in the air.
Beside the damaged pickup truck, the petite young adult Mexican male shouted out in Spanish words and leaned against the side door, pointing at his back spine, screaming in pain. He dropped down on his face and continued to wiggle and scream in pain. 
Each law enforcement officer rushed from the rear door, Streg, and the truck, sliding over the pavement, standing around the yelling Mexican male. The team of paramedics circled the injured male and attended to his automobile accident wounds.
The lead officer gasped in alarm and quickly asked. “What’s wrong with him?”
Streg opened the rear door and felt the cold chill from the refrigerated air currents, viewing a group of new scary faces, who wore a set of ratty clothes, motioning with his hand to them, pointing at the woodlands with his free hand. He nodded with a smile and jumped up and down like a wild man while whispering to the group. “Go! Go! Go!”
Beside the damaged pickup truck, the group of law enforcement officers and emergency personnel watched the injured male on the pavement. The lead paramedic squatted down and examined the man. “His back spine is hurting. He has whiplash from the car accident. Give him IV fluids and place him down on the wooden board.” Some of the firefighters and the other paramedics assisted the lead paramedic with the yelling injured man.
In the rear of the truck hole, the first human dashed ahead and dropped down into Streg’s arms. He placed her on the pavement and shoved her into the woodlands. Coup and his friends were there watching and waiting for the newly captured humans. Coup would provide employment and a home life for each illegal immigrant first and then get them a farm visa working his farm. 
The other humans rushed ahead from the front wall and slowly descended down from the trunk platform with Streg’s help, standing upright on the pavement, racing with their personal belongings and their children into the woodlands.
 Beside the damaged pickup truck, the lead officer ordered to one of his deputies. “Call two tow trucks out here and grab both of these trucks, taking back to the police garage for safekeeping. That truck driver is getting arrested for reckless driving and other charges.”
“Yes sir!” One of the deputies stood in the group and pulled out his mobile telephone, swishing the familiar, completing the order.
The four paramedics continued to work on the injured male and then lifted the wooden board in the air, loading it down onto the gurney, rolling the gurney towards one of the ambulances. The short Mexican continued to yell in pain. The group of firefighters assisted with the automobile victim moving back to the firetruck and the two ambulances. Four of the police officers scattered around the damaged pickup truck noting the damage, collecting the driver’s personal possessions for the automobile victim. Then one of the officers squatted down taking pictures of the damaged rear bumper, seeing a quick motion in the distance, looking up and gasped in alarm. “Hey! What’s that! That is people! These are people! People are running into the woodlands. Where did they come? Hey! They’re coming from the delivery truck. Hey! Stop!”
In the rear of the truck, Streg assisted the last two humans down from the truck platform watching them dash into the woodlands and then spun around with a sneer, protecting the humans from the police officers. He moved ahead to the corner of the truck, when one of the law enforcement officers slammed into Streg. Streg hit the rear door with his back spine and wobbled sideways still standing upright. Three of the deputies started to chase after the humans, running into the woodlands.
The sheriff appeared and sneered at Streg. “What is this? What was in that hold? What were you transporting? Go and check out the rear compartment!” He reached over and grabbed Streg, preventing Streg from escaping.
The other two deputies climbed up and landed on the platform, examining the dirty items, without touching the mess. One shouted out loud to the sheriff. “There were group of human people in here. There’s used and empty food sacks and empty water bottles.” He appeared and sneered down at the dark tinted hair roots on Steg. “He was trafficking humans inside this delivery truck. Now, all of the humans are loose and running into the woodlands. He is a human trafficker.”
“You are under arrest for human trafficking, pal! You’ll never get outta of my jail cell.” He reared back and slammed his fist into Streg’s face, broking the nose bridge. Streg grunted out loud and grabbed his face of spurting blood. Blood flowed down over both of his hands, face, and chin, hitting the dirty tan colored uniform, and the hard pavement. He slowly slid down to the ground from the injury, without getting another bruise on his face. The officer reached down and grabbed Streg, shoving the prisoner upright, shuffling Streg to his police vehicle. “You have no rights. You have no life. You’ll spend the rest of your days in prison, pal!”

At 10:55 am, an injured Streg stumbled ahead and held his face, whispering for his eardrums only. “Now would be a good time for my rescue plot, Coup!” The sheriff opened the door. Streg stopped and slid down entering the rear seat on the police car, leaning down with a terrible headache and closed both of his eyelids and as the angry sheriff continued to wave his arm without closing the door, shouting out his police orders.

One hour and thirty-two minutes later, at 12:17 am, in the blistering heat of another summertime day, the four solid interior walls in pale tan hue in each of the three small jail cells inside the Evergreen Prison Facility  contained a cozy long bed with vanilla-smelling linen bed sheets, a standard white tinted toilet, a standard white tinted wash sink with a bottle of blue colored soap, and a small wooden table with a cold plastic pitcher of water and ice cubes beside a stack of paper cups. The air conditioning unit nicely blew cold air molecules around the small room also.
Streg had been dragged from the rear bench on the police vehicle while dripping blood proteins over the leather seat, down in the dirt, and over the clean floor, moving through the police station. He posed really ugly for his mug-shot in front of the height measurement table without cleaning up his bloody face and then he received a free telephone call, where he contacted Senator British, who was not there but left a message with her secretary, at her local senator’s office, in the city of Mobile. Of course, the mention of her name drew attention and then some sneers at Streg.
After the phone call, Streg was taken to a private prison cell and dropped down on the long bed, resting from the painful bloody nose. His nostrils had stopped bleeding and only ached, maintaining his dizzy headache. He was too tired to worry about Coup or Senator British, electing to rest his face and his bones.

Thirty minutes later, at 12:52 am, the group of Evergreen employees that worked for the sheriff’s department started shouting out loud inside the building, running outside the building and stopped on top of the manicured grass, looking up int the pale blue skyline. Still. Streg didn’t move from the soft pillow but could hear the familiar sound coming from the two rotating blades on a helicopter.

Awe! So nice!

Senator Red Coat British had received the distress message from Streg and was sending a helicopter for his upcoming execution. Well, he and Coup had underestimated the evil woman. Coup would not be able to rescue or chase after Streg in his pickup truck.
The excitement of loud shouts returned back into the building, cheering the wrong heroes. The group of employees followed behind the three Black Suits, who continued to wear a pair of black tinted sunglasses and had come from Senator British’s Mobile office and then stopped inside the lobby area. Inside the prison cell, Streg could not make out the soft mumblings from the lead Black Suit, when the trio appeared in front of his jail cell doorway.
The sheriff beamed with delight regarding the capture of human trafficker, who was going serve their time inside a federal prison by legal authority from Senator British, and then he opened the prison door, standing out of the way. One of the Black Suits moved inside the prison cell, stopped, and reached down, grabbing Steg. He lifted the heavy man off the dirty linen sheet and spun them around to face the open archway, shoving Streg towards the hallway and left the police building, loading into the rear bench on the helicopter. 
The employees from the Evergreen sheriff’s department followed the three Black Suits and Streg out the building again while cheering the wrong heroes again. The helicopter lifted off the pad into the air and spun around, flying south back towards Mobile. The nice employees continued to cheer and spun around returning back to their working job.
In the rear seat of the roomy helicopter, the lead Black Suit sat beside Streg. Streg tilted sideways and wobbled from his dizzy headache. The Black Suit didn’t care and asked questions. “What happened, Streg?”
Streg created a goofy face and softly spoke, “I wrecked the car, Mama.”
“What happened to the cargo?”
“O! The crate of humans.” 
He sneered. “Yeah!”
“After I run into the rear on that pickup truck, the nice sheriff wanted me to open the door bu the door was locked with a metal box. I didn’t have the code. I told him so. But he didn’t want to listen to me. So, he broke the metal box with a great big sledge hammer. Then the cargo screamed from fright. I screamed from fright. The police officers screamed from fright too. Then the cargo screamed again and jumped off the truck platform, running away from me and the police officers, and the truck into the lush woodlands.”
“What happened to your two cab buddies?”
“O! That unknown girl and that unknown guy, who never told me their names or their crimes or their addresses. They screamed in fright and ran away from the truck and me, before the police cars arrived, leaving me alone and injured in the driver’s seat. Do you not see my face? I smashed…”
“Shut up!” He frowned at Streg and turned, staring at the dashboard. “Did you hear the story, Senator?”
The speaker box on the dashboard sounded with her voice. “Yes, I heard the story.  This is most unfortunate. I am sorry, Streg. You have failed. I do not like a failure. Send an armed team back into the woodlands of Evergreen and find that unknown girl and that unknown guy, without the assistance of the local police department. They can’t get far enough down the roadway, without money or identification. They’re probably hiding out with the bears and the birds.” The telephone call disconnected.
Streg complained with fun, “I need a physician. I need a hospital. My face is broken.”’
“Shut up!”
“Okay! Do I still have a job?”
“Shut up!” Black Suit sneered. 
Streg leaned over with a slight grin. His two new friends were safe with his long-time Army buddy Coup. The humans inside the cold truck compartment were with Coup also. He did a good job, even though he will die. He rested his rear skull on the back rest, hearing the mechanism on the rotating helicopter, resting his tired body for his final fight or flight of live.
Coast Guard Administration Building
Entranceway location
Pale blue sky, white rolling clouds
Heated air temperatures and no rain
01:42 pm


Thirty-four minutes later, in the blistering day of summer, the senator’s helicopter in pretty bright pink hue landed on top of the smooth landing pad, powering down the engines. The lead Black Suit reached over and grabbed Streg. The side door opened. He jerked Streg from the rear helicopter bench seat and assisted the injured man upright. They slowly padded ahead towards the side wall on a white tinted building. 
Streg still possessed a dull headache, but his two eyeballs focused on the new environment. He slowly turned and scanned the familiar scenery. “What! This is…”
“Shut up!” The lead Black Suit sneered at Streg.
The row of Black Suits stopped and stood in front of the side wall on the building with an open door, staring at row of four the familiar green and tan colored Army military uniforms, in silence. 
The highest ranking military officer nodded to the lead Black Suit. “Thanks for the delivery! We take ‘It’ from here. Get your chopper off the landing pad.”
Streg frowned at the 4-Star Army General, “I am not an ‘It.’”
The military officer motioned for the military two police officers, who moved ahead and grabbed each arm on Streg, moving them around into the long hallway. Streg frowned with confusion. “Hey! What’s going on? Why am I back here? Well, I’m happy to be back here. Am I going back into my prison cell? Is my job with…”
“Shut it, soldier!” The 4-Star Army General snapped and stared at the rear skull on Streg. 
They all moved down an empty hallway of pale beige paint, in silence, and then exited the building padding underneath the shaded veranda with concrete outside walls, stopping in front of a stationary white tinted guard building. The closed door was guarded by two soldiers wearing a light blue, short-sleeved shirt, a pair of dark blue trousers, and a pair of brown shiny boots, the uniform for a Coast Guard soldier.
Streg stood between the two Army military officers. The other high ranking military officer was a 2-Star Army General. He moved ahead handing the guard a bag tinted cloth, whispering into the stern face on the military office of the Coast Guard military police unit. The new military officer nodded back with a stern face and then accepted the bag. The 2-Star General back stepped with a smile and spun around pointing into the small squat building, in silence.
Streg smiled and stared down a short white tinted hallway without soldiers. “Hey! Are we going to visit this particular building? I couldn’t really see the building from my prison cell, only the bay waters and blue sky and the flying seagulls. But I always wondered what was inside this building.” 
One of military Coast Guards spun around and led down a short hallway. “Solider, please follow me!”
Streg didn’t move feeling fear and stared at the back spine on the Coast Guard solider, studying the light blue, short-sleeved shirt, exhibiting confusion. “I…”
“Get inside, Soldier!” The Army military officer shoved Streg through the open archway.
Streg slowly moved down an empty, quiet hallway and leaned down, spitting dry blood on top of the clean floor with his fun, stopping in front of the officer, at the first open archway on the left side of the hallway. The officer handed Streg the black tinted bag and pointed into the small room. Streg turned and stared into a tiny room with four solid white walls, gasping in alarm. “Is this room for solid confinement? I didn’t do anything to deserve solid confinement. What did I do to receive solid confinement?”
“Change your clothes and wash your face, solider!” The Coast Guard solider said with a stern face. 
Streg slowly turned to view the military soldier with puzzlement and accepted the bag, moving into the tiny room, stopping in front of the single wash sink beside a standard white tinted toilet. The Coast Guard soldier did not move or close the door. The room contained a wooden chair only. Streg dropped the bag and stared into the mirror, moaning with alarm. His nose bridge displayed dried bloody and both of his eye sockets were surrounded in black hue. He reached up and gently touched his sore nose bridge, wiggling the nostrils. His nose was not broken, only busted. He leaned down and gently cleaned off the sweat, blood, and tears of defeat, grabbing a clean towel, gently wiping off the water drops. He dropped the towel down on the floor. He looked up and groaned at his ugly wound in the mirror. “It will heal.” He squatted down and examined the rest of the contents inside the cloth bag, finding a wad of cloth bandages and wrapped over his nose with care first. Then he found a new set of green and tan Army fatigues and pulled out the item, standing upright, placing the clothes on the wash sink. He carefully removed the dirty tan colored uniform and slowly dressed in the Army fatigues, yelling at the Coast Guard military officer for fun. “My body is injured. I need some help.” Streg softly chuckled while the soldier did not move from his pose. Streg finished dressing and left the pile of dirty clothes on top of the clean floor also, spinning around, slowly moving ahead and exited the tiny room. “Now what!”
The Coast Guard military officer led Streg without speaking and moved back down the hallway, appearing on the tiny porch, and stopped, staring at the two Army officers.
The 2-Star Army General nodded with a stern face to the two Coast Guard military officers. “Thank you kindly! Move it, soldier!” He placed a pair of shiny silver tinted handcuffs over the two wrist bones on Streg, back stepping from the soldier criminal.
At 02:12 pm, in the heated day, outside the building, Streg rattled the handcuffs for fun and slowly moved ahead turning to face a new building. The two Army military officers flanked each one of his rib cages, without commenting, and as they all slowly advanced towards a guarded archway. The next building was painted in the same dull tan color and exhibited a pair of double wooden doors blocking the internal walls. He had not ever visited the internal room of this specific building either.
They stopped and stared at the closed doors in red tinted metal. On each side door, a single Coast Guard soldier sat behind and inside a bullet-proof tiny glass booth for body protection, watching each visitor to the building. The 2-Star Army General slid a single sheet of paper underneath the pocket slot towards the Coast Guard soldier. The soldier accepted the paper and read the contents reaching down, pressing the button. The second Coast Guard soldier pressed a second button, when both of the double doors opened for the new trio of military personnel. They entered through the open archway and studied the new room.
The entrance room is grand measuring twenty feet up towards the ceiling and fifty feet across by thirty feet wide. The entrance wall in stark white hue holds an electronically controlled double doors with a matching glass booth displaying a second individual Coast Guard soldier, in case, of trouble. Each side wall in matching stark white color displays a row of glass windows viewing the Mobile Bay pale green fresh waters, the blue sky, and white tinted clouds on one side and the manicured grass on the other side. Against each wall, scattered tiny wooden benches or a single small table with two wooden chairs lounges for waiting or sightseeing near the glass windows.
On the forward wall of solid white hue, a second set of metal blue tinted double doors are closed. The rest of the forward wall is bare without plants or pictures or light bulbs. The ceiling tiles display a series of skylights allowing bright natural sunlight in the room, killing the light colored wooden planks on the floor.
They slowly approached one of the glass booths and then stopped standing in front of the glass breathing on the reflective material, where the 2-Star Army General slid a new single sheet of paper towards the second Coast Guard soldier. The soldier accepted and read the information, typing the data inside a black tinted laptop computer and waited for the electronic response.
The two military officers continued to stand and exhaled with annoyance at the military procedures. Streg didn’t move or comment feeling both confused and baffled at the new building and the behavior of the two Army officers.
Inside the glass booth, the soldier received the electronic information back on his business computer and reached down with a stern face, pressing the button. One of the double doors opened and revealed a short male, displaying a head of cropped brown hair, a tone of olive tinted skin, and a pair of brown eyeballs, wearing a light blue, short-sleeved shirt, a pair of dark blue trousers, and a pair of brown tinted shoes, staring at Streg, then the 4-Star Army General, and finally the 2-Star Army General. He held a computer tablet for his working job and spun around with a stern face, leading them into the new larger room setting.
The new room is larger than the grand ballroom setting displaying four walls of stark white hue, a blonde tinted wooden floor with squeaky planks, and ten rows of matching blonde tinted wooden pews on each side of an empty aisle space. Each pew is wooden, not comfortable, on purpose.
The short Coast Guard officer stopped at the sixth row within ten pews and pointed down at the wooden bench, in silence, moving ahead back towards the front of the room.
At 02:21 pm, the 4-Star Army General lifted his hand and opened his lips trying to ask a question but sneered at the rear skull on the rude Coast Guard soldier and then he slid down, scooting sideways over the shared pew giving room to Streg and the other military officer. Streg scooted down the pew and sat beside the general staring at the commotion in front of the room. The 2-Star Army General slid down and parked a few inches from Streg staring at the commotion also.
In front of the first pew, a wooden railing separates the audience from the court room setting. In front of the wooden railing, near one side wall, a long wooden table stands in naked stillness, without a client or a lawyer.
In the middle of the court room setting, in front of a tall, blonde-colored wooden bench, the judge sat high and stared down at the trio of military officers. The middle soldier wore a light blue jumpsuit and a pair of matching athletic shoes, instead of a Coast Guard uniform, staring down at the floor, in silence. The two Coast Guard military police officers stood at attention and wore the usual uniform, standing beside the prisoner.
On the judge’s bench, the male is dressed in a dark blue uniform with a white shirt and a black tinted necktie, displaying a head of cropped black tined hair, a tone of nicely suntanned skin, and a pair of violet eyeballs, slamming down the gavel onto the shiny, polished wooden. He stared down at the dirty blonde hair roots on the female soldier, “You are found guilty with your non-war military crimes and discharged from the United States Coast Guard branch of the United States of America, miss. Let her go and collect her personal belongings from her prison cell and then escort the civilian off this military base. Good luck, ma’am!” The trio spun around and slowly moved down the empty aisle. Both of the electronic doors opened for the trio. The trio left the court room.
From the corner wall, a tall, muscular male sat at a naked wooden table and typed on his business computer. A few seconds later, a new trio of military soldiers appeared and walked down the empty aisle, stopping in the center of the room, looking up at the judge. 
The judge nodded with a smile. “I am Judge Ace Smith. This is my court room. I have reviewed your file and found you guilty of all non-war military crimes.” He slammed the wooden gavel down on top of his desk surface and shouted out loud. “You are discharged from the United States Coast Guard branch of the United States of America. Let him go and collect his personal belongings from his prison cell and then escort the civilian off this military base. Good luck, sir!” The trio spun around and slowly moved down the empty aisle. Both of the electronic doors opened for the trio. The trio left the court room.
For three hours and thirty minutes, at 04:51 pm, the two Army military officers and prisoner Streg sat on the hard bench and wiggled sideways relieving a numb butthole while watching the drama. Each Coast Guard soldier lost their legal case with the judge and then was discharged from the military branch. Every thirty minutes, the 2-Star Army General tried to get Ace’s attention on top of his bench or trip one of the Coast Guard officers for their attention to immediate prosecute Prisoner Streg, before the end of the day, without success.
The last trio of Coast Guard soldiers left the court room through the open archway. The doors closed shut. On top of the judge’s bench, Ace like millions of other users, continued to look down and grabbed his personal mobile telephone, typing out a new text message, placing the phone on top of his desk. He looked up and frowned at the trio of Army soldiers, who continued to sit inside his court room, in silence.
The 2-Star Army General stood upright from the hard bench and shook both of his legs out from numbness sliding sideways from the hard pew seat, slowly approaching Ace. He waved one arm and shouted out loud in angry. “I have been highly insulted sitting here for three hours and more watching on you ignore me, Captain.” The officer stopped and stood in the center of the room motioning with his wiggling hand to the 4-Star Army General.
On the opposite side of the room, the short Coast Guard officer sat at his naked desk and was named Slick, shouting out loud to Ace. “Judge Smith, this court room session will close in nine more minutes at five pm, sir.”
Ace did not react with a grin or a giggle staring at the 2-Star Army General, in silence.
The 4-Star Army General stood, scooted sideways, and then shoved Streg towards the end of the hard pew. Streg stood upright and continued to stare at Ace feeling worry, scooting off the seat. He slowly approached the bench, stopped, and stood beside the 2-Star Army General exhaling with worry. Streg now understood the new plan from the two crooked army officers, who secretly worked and was devoted with an evil Senator Cathy Reed “Red Coat” British.
This was a military court room setting and this specific military judge did not conduct court room type justice, only sentenced each soldier with a military crime, discharged the soldier from the military branch and then released each one into the city street as a civilian, without military rights and protection. Then the local police officers or the street thugs could use and abuse the new civilian in a dark alley or behind an abandoned building. This type of psychological and mental dark behavior occurred all the time with druggies and drug peddlers.
Even though Streg had been charged with executing the first female President of the United States, he was still a military prisoner and was treated as a military prisoner, which didn’t include torment or torture on his healthy body. However, if his military prisoner protection was removed, then Streg would become a civilian and his new civilian body would become unprotected and exposed to the true criminals of the world, until he could reach a pay telephone and call his friend Coup for a swift rescue here in Mobile, three hours from Alabaster. He turned and stared at the nose profile on the 4-Start Army General, who turned with a grin and winked to Streg, in silence.
Yeah, Streg had guessed the new plan. After the military judge kicked him from the military protection, the group of Black Suits from Senator British would find Streg and then murder him in his own cold spilled blood proteins, leaving his dead bloody body down in one of the dark alleys for crow and maggot food. 
In top of the judge’s bench, Ace continued to sit in his chair and exhaled with annoyance at the loud-mouth military officer. “This is a military court room. I am the judge. Who are you?”
The 2-Star Army General sneered and touched his lapel with the golden items. “I am a 2-Star general in…”
“…the wrong branch of the United States military service, General. I am judge for the United States Coast Guard and the Navy military branches.”
On the opposite side of the room, the short Coast Guard officer sat at his naked desk and shouted out loud. “Judge Smith, this court room session will close in seven more minutes at five pm, sir.”
The 2-Star Army General jabbed his finger at Ace and yelled at the judge. “You are a military judge. I have a military prisoner here, who has committed the highest act of treason, human trafficking of other innocent humans. You have been provided the court martial papers. Your staff accepted the paperwork. So, do your job!”
Ace looked down and re-read the information on the screen of his business laptop. He had read the information with puzzlement, looking back up, frowning at the two generals. “I have read the information. What exactly do you want me to do, 2-Star Army General? You are an Army…”
“…military officer, like you, Judge Smith.” The 4-Star Army General stomped both feet and waved both of his arms in the air. “I want you to read the criminal charge and find the prisoner guilty, discharging him from the USA military services, where I have sat for three hours and viewed your quick decision all afternoon.”
On the opposite side of the room, Slick continued to watch the face on his personal wrist watch and shouted out loud. “Judge Smith, this court room session will close in five more minutes at five pm, sir.”
On top of the judge’s bench, Ace smiled. “Well, I don’t have a problem finding a criminal guilty of a crime, when the criminal enters my court room. But this is an Army criminal, not a Coast Guard criminal. Why didn’t you take your Army criminal to one of the Army bases?”
On the opposite side of the room, the short Coast Guard officer sat at his naked desk and shouted out loud. “Judge Smith, this court room session will close in four more minutes at five pm, sir.”
The 2-Star Army General shook his bone skull. “We didn’t have time to fly down over to Fort Rucker. We captured the criminal here in the city of Mobile and we got really lucky. I talked with the commandant of the Coast Guard military base here and he has allowed us to bring the criminal here at the nearest court room for sentencing.”
Ace nodded. “I do believe you have meant to say a court room trial as your prisoner has not been found guilty of a crime, without due process.”
On the opposite side of the room, Slick continued to watch the face on his watch and shouted out loud. “Judge Smith, this court room session will close in three more minutes at five pm, sir.”
The 4-Star Army General frowned at Ace. “The prisoner has admitted to trafficking humans, which is punishable crime for any American. He was caught driving the truck. He is guilty of the grave military crime. Discharge him from the USA military service now!”
On the opposite side of the room, Slick shouted out loud. “Judge Smith, this court room session will close in two more minutes at five pm, sir.”
On top of the court room floor, in front of the judge’s bench, the 2-Star Army General turned and frowned at Slick. “What happens when the court room session closes at five pm?” He returned and stared at Ace.
Ace smiled. “The court room closes the door. I and my court room staff go home for the evening. Each remaining criminal is sent back into their assigned jail cell inside the guard house for a new trial tomorrow morning, at eight o’clock, when I and my court room staff return back into my court room.”
“Discharge him now!” The 4-Star Army General sneered at Ace.
Ace exhaled with annoyance. “Fine! You are guilty of all the non-war military crimes and discharged from the United States military branches. Buck, please, come and escort the new civilian from my court room and back to his jail cell for his personal belongings and then onto the city streets of Mobile. Amen!” He chuckled with his workers and friends Buck and Slick.
On top of the court room polished floor, Streg stood in place and gasped in worry. Now, he was labeled a civilian and would need to defend and fend off all of the Black Suits coming for his ass from Senator British’s direct murder order, after leaving the safety of the USA military base, accessing the open city streets here in Mobile. He didn’t possess a weapon but his brain. He exhaled with worry and mentally calmed his furious emotions.
The 2-Star Army General leaned over and grinned into the collar bone on a taller Streg. “It is done! Good luck, boy, if you possess anymore luck!” He laughed with the other Army officer hiding their private dirty secret.
Streg did not response but quickly pondered his next move. Buck left the wall corner desk and whipped out the key for the handcuffs slamming his upright body into the shorter 2-Star Army General on purpose. He didn’t hear but could see the treatment of the Army soldier. The General did not like it. Buck shoved the older fit male to the side without words, grabbing the arm on the civilian, spinning them around, swiftly walking towards the open doors and softly whispered the standard salutations of city life to the new civilian.
Slick left the opposite wall desk at the same time with Buck and then stopped standing beside the open doors, watching Buck and Streg leave the court room. He leaned over and waved to one of the glass booths with the sitting Coast Guard soldier. Both of the Army officers spun around and patted each other on the back spine, whispering to each other, slowly approaching the open archway, when both of the doors closed shut with a soft ting. They both stopped and stared at the closed doors, spinning around, starting at Ace.
Slick smiled and sung out the child’s nursery rhyme. “Hickory. Dickory. Dock. The mouse ran up the clock. The clock struck twelve. The mouse ran down. Hickory. Dickory. Dock. Tick tock. Five o’clock,” he laughed alone.
The 4-Star Army jabbed his finger at Ace. “Open the doors! We concluded our business.”

At 05:04 pm, Ace continued to sit in his judge’s chair and exhaled with fury. “This is my court room. I do not know how many times I need to say that American sentence to the both of you, in which, your set of tiny brains do not comprehend. However, I am stating a new sentence structure with a set of bigger, badder words. If you ever come back into my court room again with another prisoner, then you will be arrested and placed inside my personal judge’s prison cells located behind my ass for 60 days or 1,440 hours or 86,400 minutes or 5,184,000 seconds. I would perform that slick judicial action today, but it is five o’clock. The court room is closed. The court prisoners are back in their assigned jail cells. And my staff and I have concluded the day’s court proceeding and will go back home for a night of rest. Get outta of my court room! And do not come back here! Open the doors!” He flipped his hand in the air and sneered at the two high ranking officers and then slapped the same palm onto the smooth desk with a loud sound.
The 2-Star Army General fumed with fury at the treatment of his military person. “That’s a deadly threat to my person. I will leave and find the commandant on this military base. Then I will tell him of my mis-treatment by you. Then we will see who goes into the brig.
Ace nodded with a wicked smile to the General, “This is America, the land of the free and the home of the brave. We are privileged to have the First Amendment, freedom of speech, given by our wise and smart Founding Fathers. You have the right to speak or scream or shout at another human, without committing murder. However, I will use my First Amendment rights and freedom of speech here inside my own court room too. The commandant on this Coast Guard military base is not my supervisor but my co-worker. He had contacted me after the abrupt and silly arrival in your pink tinted helicopter on top of a military landing pad and asked me, if it was okay that you bring a military prisoner into my court room, for sentencing. I, of course, out of curiosity, said yes. Now, get outta of my sight, before I change my mind, since the court room doors are opened, not shut.”
The two Army officers spun around and dashed ahead bumping into each other, stumbling out from the court room. The court room doors did not close shut. Slick and Ace watched the two silly officers. The exterior doors swung open and revealed a pair of Coast Guard military police officers, who would escort the two Army officers off the Coast Guard military base into a U.S. Federal Government standard black-tinted limousine. The exterior doors did not close shut and as each Coast Guard soldier viewed the embarrassing moment for the two Army officers.
Ace laughed out and picked up his personal mobile telephone, answering the new text message and ordered. “Close all of the doors! The work day has ended.” He stood upright from the chair and moved down the steps. “Good night, Slick! I’ll see you tomorrow morning.”
“Night, Boss!” Slick spun around and stared with puzzlement at the back spine on Ace. Usually, Ace wasn’t in a hurry to leave work, but today was a different type of court setting.
 
At 05:08 pm, Coast Guard soldier and court room employee Buck escorted Streg moving passed the guard house and into the administration building, turning to face a rear door and then stopped, standing at the entrance door. He gently slapped Streg on the collar bone and handed the new civilian a twenty dollar bill. “Here! Buy a beer! Can I contact someone for you?”
Streg gasped in shock at the compassion of the Coast Guard solider and accepted the money, almost asking for the telephone call. But he didn’t want his friend Coup in trouble with Senator British. All of the military business telephones were tracked which could be traced back to Coup, his farm, and his family members in small town of Alabaster. Streg did not shake his bone skull with the numerous facial injuries and slightly smiled with pain. “Thanks! I’m fine.” He turned to face the bright warm sunlight, the glistening fresh water from Mobile Bay, a single vanilla sideway with strolling soldiers, and the public city street named 15th Avenue, without a rolling car. This part of the military base required a military permit for traveling towards the military building without getting a bullet through the windshield. He exited the building and slowly moved down the parallel sidewalk, nodding to the group of soldiers, edging closer to the public city street of Mobile. He continued to stroll and slowly scanned the street for a speeding car, the sky for a speeding helicopter, and the waterway for a speeding boat. Senator British was after his ass and she would use any transportation mode and means available to kill his body with all of his secrets about her illegal businesses, including aborted baby organs, cocaine transport, and human trafficking. Streg should have tattled to the military judge about Senator British, but the judge would not have believed his fairy tale story. After all, she was a prominent senator from the U.S. State of Alabama and held that position for forty years or so.
Streg continued to stroll in the heated sunlight and sweated over his facial wounds, viewing a garden courtyard of export buildings with hidden personal, who would not provide a stranger one business telephone. And each building held a guard unit because of the highest crime rate in the land, running criminals, and roaming homeless people. Streg continued down 15th Avenue and then hit the intersection of 16th Street Circle, seeing three black tinted SUVs, driving down the avenue.

They are here!

Streg didn’t need to study the three automobiles and started jogging down 15th Street moving away from the three SUVs. The three automobiles continued to drive down the road coming closer to Streg. He turned to face the open park without a name. The city of Mobile possessed numerous grassy parks for the dogs and the kids. He jogged over the flat grass, when the three automobiles increased engine power and started speeding down 15th Avenue, turning onto Old Bay Front Driver. The park is a triangular-shaped structure with a perfect 90-degree angle forming at the two city streets. The three SUVs encountered the local traffic jam and the slammed on the brakes, stopping with the other cars.
Streg had one chance for freedom. He started running through the flat grass towards the bay waters. The park setting is filled with row of low green tinted flowering plants and dotted with lines of tall shade trees. The park is not named sitting on the Mobile Bay waters and is used mostly by military personal. If Streg could reach the opposite side of the park, then he would cross Old Bay Front Drive and then Commanders Drive slamming into the L-shaped building. The privately owned building is part of the airport complex and possesses a cold air-conditioned lobby. Streg could use his acting skills and ask to borrow the business telephone pleading car trouble to the lobby guard, calling his friend Coup. Then Streg could rush away from that building and find a restaurant, ordering a beer, waiting for coup to arrive for the rescue.
At 05:17 pm, new civilian Streg continued to dash through the grass while viewing the three black tinted SUVs. Each driver swiftly drove down the clear avenue without traffic racing to the same intersection with Streg, slamming the brakes and blocked the roadway. Streg veered towards the waterway. Maybe, he could jog around the blockage of automobiles and then quickly race ahead towards the L-shaped building. Either way, this was not looking good for Streg.
The three SUVs continued to park and opened a side door, revealing the cold barrel on a long-range rifle.

This is it!

Each rifle barrel was pointed and followed the nose profile on Streg. Streg couldn’t believe his two eyeballs or his unlucky fate. One of the Black Suits was going to fire a live weapon at Streg, in the middle of the day, inside the public grassy park. Streg didn’t give up. He continued to race towards the water with his life.
From behind Streg, a set of colorful motorcycles rolled through the grassy park following Streg and then turned back heading towards Old Bay Front Drive, where the three SUVs blocked the roadway. Each motorcycle increased speed and roared the loud engine heading towards the roadway, flying into the air and then landed inside each open door on every SUV. Each biker pulled out a hand pistol shooting each Black Suit dead inside their vehicle. Then each biker jumped from the SUV and raced ahead over the grassy park tackling Streg. The three healthy males were too much for a weak and wounded Streg. He surrendered and rested on top of the grass, exhaling in pain.
At 05:26 pm, one of the large sweaty males assisted Streg to stand upright and slowly shuffled him towards a new work van in bright red hue parked in front of the three government vans on Old Bay Front Drive. The side door opened and revealed the smiling face on Ace. Ace motioned to Streg and the unknown male scooting deeper inside the compartment on top of a long bench in brown leather. Streg entered the side door and sat on top of the second long bench in brown leather beside the unknown male, leaning against the door wall, exhaling in pain and felt confused. He stared at Ace in puzzlement.
Ace still wore his Coast Guard uniform from court and ordered with a stern face to the unknown male. “Get the three SUVs outta of here and burned or buried! I don’t care your method, while I talk with the kid.”
Streg mouth spat blood on the clean matching brown carpet and wiped off his blooding face with one hand, sneering to Ace. “Kid! We’re the same age.”
He nodded. “All right, soldier!”
“I’m a civilian. You discharged my ass from the Army, fifteen minutes ago.”
The unknown male laughed and nodded to Ace. “I like the kid. He doesn’t take shit from you.”
Ace frowned at the unknown male. “Get going!”
The unknown male laughed. “Yes, sir! I’m getting. I’m going.” He left the compartment with more laughter and closed the door on the parked van.
Streg continued to sit and wiped off his dirty face staring at Ace. “What’s going on here? What are you doing here? What happened to the chasing Black Suits? Who are these males on the motorcycles? You are a judge for the Coast Guard military branch.”
Ace slowly stood upright and shuffled ahead moving into the driver’s seat. “You don’t mind if we leave the murder scene. I don’t like lounging with the local police force,” he laughed and stared the engine. Streg shuffled from the rear seat and plopped down into the passenger chair, wiping off his face. Ace slowly steered the van and explained. “I am Ace. I’m a military judge. I’m located at the same Coast Guard Administration building. However, I like justice outside the court room as well as inside the court room. The two Army generals pissed my dick off when they wanted to enter my court room without permission, which in turn, led into a quick investigation into you, Streg. You were the soldier who accidentally killed the first female President of the United States. I didn’t vote for the bitch. But I do not desire another human dead for any reason, unless it is by the grace of Almighty God. Amen! Anyways, I was curious about your mysterious release, which led into your mysterious arrest, which led your mysterious ass appearing inside my court room. The commandant was talkative about your mysterious release but my buddies at the Army base didn’t know or wanted to know or cared to know. I do care. I do wanna know. Why are hanging around with Red Coat British? I do not like her. I do not trust her. Now, it’s your turn to tell your demon tale,” he chuckled and continued to steer down the avenue heading to a specific location.
Streg cleared his throat and frowned. “And if I do not tattle my personal demon tale, will you kill me instead?”
Ace laughed. “Naw! I’ll release you back onto the city streets of Mobile. I do believe that Red Coat British is searching for your ass and will find and rid the world of your ass.”
“I was happily living out my life sentence as an unwilling assassin for murdering the first female President of the United States. Everyone in my life had turned away from me anyways. Then, two days ago, the warden of the tiny rooms of prison cells released me from my tiny room and told me that I was working for Senator Reed ‘Red Coat’ British. Yes, that was very strange decision for me, also. I rode inside her limousine to British Park,” Ace laughed and nodded with a smile. Streg smiled. “A non-descript white tined refrigerated truck stood beside the park grounds. I was to drive and then deliver the secret load from Mobile to Atlanta, Georgia by eight o’clock at night. Yes, I was curious about my secret load and pulled off the interstate to investigate, breaking into four of the seal boxes,” he exhaled with sadness from the find. “I found stacks of black tined metal boxes contained aborted baby organs.”
Ace sneered. “Holy Jesus Christ! I knew that Red Coat was dirty but not that dirty.”
“I knew that too. I did not deliver the boxes of baby items.”
Ace gasped in shock, “And how is possible that you are alive and breathing, here with me, inside this work van?”
He smiled. “I called a good friend from my Army days. He had access to chicken parts.”
Ace laughed out loud and banged on the steering wheel, “You did not.”
“I did so.”
“You did not, do it.”
He nodded, “I did, do it. I substituted every illegal baby organ with a dead, fresh chicken part. My friend provided a proper burial for each abused fetus on his land, in secret. Then I delivered the load to a group of men and women with guns, who didn’t kill me or question me. They provided me an older model truck with a new surprise, boxes of cocaine bags.”
Ace gasped in shock, “Holy shit! You were the newest mule for Red Coat British.”
He nodded. “I was the newest fool for Red Coat British. But I called my Army buddy, who will remain alive and anonymous, and he created bags of fake cocaine powder from honeysuckle plants,” he laughed with Ace.
Ace stopped laughed and then frowned. “I don’t have to guess your next assignment. The annoying Army general mentioned human trafficking.”
“I released the humans into the woodlands in the rural town of Evergreen. My friend picked up the humans and will employ them and aid them in getting American citizenship. Of course, the sheriff and his deputies had to arrest and harass me before the team of Black Suits from Senator British showed up to harass me more.” He reached up and touched his facial wounds.
Ace smiled. “Great job, Streg! I have a new proposal for you.”
He exhaled with worry and needed to leave the van, hiding out until he could call Coup. “Ace, you seem like one of the good guys, but Senator British will stop at nothing to find and then kill me. You will get in the way, young man. I don’t wanna be responsible for another innocent death, sir.”
“And I feel the same way. However, I’m the giver of life and the executioner of death. The three motorcycles were my Resources with a capital letter R. I employ them to protect me, which is obvious and to protect innocent people, like you, which is obviously secretive. Right now, my Resources have earned their right to retire and enjoy life, without an early death,” he laughed alone and cleared his throat, “The job pays well. I am not a billionaire of billions, but I am really, really close. I provide the job, a house, cars, guns, food, and all of the toys that you want or need for fun and for the job. The job is pretty easy and involves killing off lots of bad guys and gals, mostly right here in Mobile. There is enough crime here to last a lifetime or two. I only need an affirmative or a negative from you. This is my proposal.”
Steg smiled and felt honored with the proposal coming from Ace. “I really would…”
“And I must add that Senator British has already traced each one of those telephone calls coming into that damaged refrigerated truck. Others can play spies for the good guys. My Resources are good and slick. They …”
“…are in danger.” Streg gasped in alarm. “I need to go and get to them protecting them.”
Ace gasped in alarm. “Them! Who!”
He pointed ahead at the city. “My two other friends, who were recruited but not tormented by Senator British, I hid them in the Mobile Hotel on Government Street for safekeeping, until I returned from the delivery.”
At 05:37 pm, in the heated afternoon with blinding sunlight, Ace pressed the gasoline pedal and started speeding down the same avenue, passing each slow-moving automobile. He shouted out loud with worry “We’re moving! Hang on! I know lots of short cuts to the Mobile Hotel on Government Street.”

Ten minutes later, at 05:47 pm, Ace pulled the work van into the rear gray tinted parking lot at the Mobile Hotel and parked inside an empty spot, killing the engine, leaning down towards the floor mat. He reached inside the metal drawer and pulled out a hand gun, sitting upright, handing to Streg. Streg accepted the gun and nodded in silence.
Ace opened the door with Streg, moving ahead towards the rear door on the hotel building. Streg stopped and slapped the pockets on the Army fatigues looking for the spare hotel room pass, finding it. He moved ahead and opened the locked door, entering into a busy hallway, locating the exit stairwell and started climbing with the gun in his hand.
Ace followed behind Streg in silence.
Streg reached the fifth floor and exited out from the staircase, dashing down an empty hallway, finding the first room with Ikko. He flashed the hotel room pass into the slot and cracked open the door hearing her loud screams. Ace shoved Streg from the archway and ordered like a judge. “Go and find your other friend! I got this one covered.”
Streg scooted sideways from the first paid hotel room and opened the second locked hotel room door with the second spare hotel pass, cracking the door open, seeing the black fabric on four Black Suits. Each Black Suit was yelling and fist-fighting with big man Julius.
The black and white colored Border Collie puppy was hiding underneath the bed covers, yelping at the vicious fight.
Streg entered the room and rushed ahead slamming the cold barrel on the gun into the back spine on the first Black Suit, shooting at an angle. The bullet sailed down into the back spine and then some of the organs on the first Black Suit, killing the large female. He didn’t drop on dead female on the floor but used as a body shield. Streg quickly shuffled to the second fighting Black Suit shooting the bullet down into the human’s back spine again, killing the male too. He dropped the dead female on the floor and then watched the second human die on the carpet.
Julius was dressed in the tan colored one-piece jumpsuit showing rips and tears along with blood proteins, spotting Streg and punched the third Black Suit in the face, who tumbled backwards into Streg. Streg hugged the second female and shot the bullet down her left-side breast, traveling down through her thick body, killing the third Black Suit.
Julius slapped the fourth Black Suit in the face and then spun the male around cracking the neck on the Black Suit, killing the male. He dropped the dead body on top of the carpet and exhaled from exhaustion, slowly padding ahead to the tiny puppy. He squatted down and grabbed the dog cuddling the puppy into his chest.
Streg moved ahead, stopped, and then gently tapped the collar bone on Julius signaling that they were leaving the hotel room. Julius smiled and slowly stood upright from the floor following behind Streg. Streg exited the room and nodded to Ace, in silence.
Ace motioned to the staircase for the three individuals first. Streg viewed Ikko, who continued to wear her one-piece jumpsuit in a dull tan hue presenting numerous fabric rips and some of her personal blood stains and some of blood stains coming from each one of her attackers. He reached out and grabbed the arm on Ikko, leading her down the fire exit staircase first seeing some of her minor facial cuts. They quickly climbed down the staircase and exited the building, racing to the work van in deep red hue for their escape with Ace.

At 06:07 pm, on the fifth floor, in the hallway aisle, Ace whipped out the cigarette lighter with a smile and ignited the flame, holding a sleeping pillow, burning the object. He tossed two fiery pillows into each room starting a hotel fire and then back stepped from the two rooms, watching the flames burn the internal walls. He slammed into the wall and reached out, pulling the fire alarm. The humans and animals will be able to safely leave the hotel building, without injury. The group of local fire trucks running through afternoon city traffic will take too many precious minutes to arrive and extinguish the flames inside the two hotel room which will nicely burn each dead Black Suits, who worked for a nasty Senator British. He dashed ahead to the staircase and whispered for his eardrums only, “Sometimes, I gotta do my own dirty work!” He soared down the flight of hard concrete steps and hit the bottom ground shouting out loud. “Fire! Fire! Get the hell outta of the hotel! Fire! Fire! Fire! Save yourself, your family members and your pets, not your mother-in-law!” He exited the hotel with evil laughter and dashed ahead to the running van, sliding into the side compartment. Streg was the new driver and quickly sped from the burning building.
Ace exhaled with relief and sat upright, nodding to the two new associates of Streg. He slapped his chest. “I am Ace. Streg is my friend. Or I am his new friend. Streg, what is your answer now?”
Streg blended into the slow-moving traffic, “My answer is yes.”
Ace smiled and reached over, pulling out a second hidden drawer, pulling out medical supplies and bandages for his new friends. He tossed the items to Ikko and nodded. “Congratulations, my three new friends and one baby puppy. You are going to be employed by me as my new team of Resources. What does my new team of Resources do? You stay out of sight and work for me, protecting me and family members, without me and my family knowing or seeing or smelling your presence. And you also do what you just did, protecting the innocent against the evil, when I uncover evil. What do you think, ya’ll?”
Ikko gasped in shock and stared at Ace turning to see Julius. Julius continued to play with the puppy. She returned back and nodded to Ace, in silence.
Ace nodded. “Streg will explain everything a little later this evening. But first, we’re going to go and visit Senator British. Do you know her address, Streg?”
Streg yelled back and continued to steer through afternoon work traffic, “Yeah, I do. She lives on Springhill Avenue in a great big antebellum house.”
“Yes, she does.” Ace smiled. “Drive us there! I think we need to give her a personal house call.”
Ikko pulled out one of the alcohol pads and cleaned off each wound, gasping in pain, staring down at her body, “What about her gang of Black Suits?”
Ace smiled. “I do believe all of her employed and highly-paid Black Suits are dead and burning inside the two hotel rooms.”
She didn’t look up and announced with fury anyways. “I can’t believe that you burned those two hotel rooms. What about the hotel visitors?”
He nodded with a grin. “I pulled the fire alarm. The fires truck will arrive very late, too late, and the bodies of the Black Suits will blend into the pile of ashes.”
“Wait!” Streg continued to drive with traffic and gasped in worry. “My name is reserved on both of those hotel rooms. The Mobile city law enforcement authorities will track me down and come after me for all the murders of the mysterious Black Suits and the mysterious fireball at the hotel building.”
Ace laughed, “Really?”
He sneered, “Yes, really! Senator British gave back my personal valid Alabama driver’s license, so I could drive each truck to the final destination. I used my personal and valid Alabama driver’s license and reserved the two hotel rooms paying in cash money from my secret friend. Now, I’ll responsible for the murders and the fire. I gotta go and get outta of here, before the law enforcement authorities locate me. I will endanger the team with my presence.”
Ace smiled. “Well, before you leave the beach town of Mobile, pull off the roadway and turn into the grand antebellum house in solid white. I do believe that white granite is hard to clean. This is Senator Reed Cathy ‘Red Coat’ British’s grand house. I think you should pay her a visit and let her know that you are alive, not dead. Then maybe, she will have a heart attack and die on the floor, at your feet,” he laughed with Ikko.

At 06:18 pm, in the heated air waves, at the start of a hot evening, Streg stopped the van on top of the nice, semi-circular, pink-tinted, brick-coated driveway and slammed the gear into park, not killing the engine, running the air conditioning for his new friends. He opened the door and slid off the seat, standing on top of the pavement, straightening the dirty and blood stained Army fatigues, growling with annoyance. He slowly shuffled around the front bumper on the work van and moved over the smooth driveway, climbing each concrete step with a sneer, and stopped in front of the green tinted metal double doors with the lovely wreathes in pretty pink orange, yellow real flowers. He ripped off one of the wreathes for her upcoming funereal and knocked on the metal door tearing open his naked knuckles while snarling at the upcoming visitation. He didn’t hear any footfalls inside the house. The door quickly opened and revealed a smiling face on Senator British.
She continued to identity the military soldier and then screamed in alarm, back stepping from the open archway. Streg entered the lovely entrance hallway with a tall twenty foot ceiling and numerous family portraits on each wall that lounged near the cathedral wooden planks in white hue. She stopped and stood at the foot of the grand staircase, pointing at Streg, yelling out loud. “What! What are you doing here? How did you find me?”
He wiggled the floral wreathe in both hands and smiled at the senator, while figuring out how to kill her body and where to hide her body before he escaped from Mobile. “Your name and your address are printed on the public files as you are a public civil servant, Senator British. I do believe any American can come here and knock on your door for a social visit. You should act nicely to an American citizen.”
“You’re a criminal, not a citizen. What do you want?” She sneered. “How did you escape from the prison cell? Escape! Yes, you have escaped your captures. Well, I’m not impressed. I had expected something like this to happen. However, my hired personal guards are coming through the rear door for my protection and your death.”
He laughed and shook his curls. “I don’t think so. Your gang of hired guns in the expensive designer business suits of black hue are dead on the fifth floor of the Mobile Hotel.”
“That hotel building is burning right now…”
“…with your dead Black Suits. So, it’s just you and me here to dance the final waltz of the evening.” He laughed again and tossed the wreath at her body. She slid sideways and dashed to the side. Streg reached over and grabbed her arm, holding onto her elderly body. He felt terrible murdering a defenseless woman, but this particular woman had done far worse to his body and his life. Streg had to escape from Mobile with his life, before the local law authorities tracked down his body here at her house. And he could not run to his friend Coup, who would find trouble for his person, his family and his friend. He continued to hold her body, without hitting the old woman, when the car horn blew outside the front porch.
Streg spun around with the woman and advanced to the front glass windows, seeing Ace outside the van. Ace was standing in front of a black tinted SUV and waved both of his arms in the air at Streg. Streg twisted around and dragged the woman to the rocking chair, tearing down one of the dark green tinted front window curtains that matched the lovely entrance hall furniture fabric and wrapped her girly body inside the nicely padded cloth chair. He stood upright and laughed out loud. “Wait right here for me, honey! I got another appointment outside in the blistering heat and blinding sun. But I’ll be right back, like my action hero Arnold,” he spun around and laughed out loud, moving ahead towards the closed door, opening the metal, then gently shut it back, without anyone seeing his tied up hostage. Senator British continued to wiggle and screamed in fear calling out for help. Of course, her hired guards were all dead inside the burning hotel room for trying to commit cold-blooded murder on two innocent Americans, which pissed Streg’s attitude all the way towards the Pluto Ice Belt.
On top of the antebellum front porch of vanilla concrete, Streg strolled down each concrete step with a stern face and stared at Ace. Ace stood a few feet in front of a silver tinted limousine with rolls of darkened glass windows. Streg was clueless to the owner or the occupant inside the new limousine. Ace spun around with a smile and pointed at the rear window, nodding to Streg in silence.
Streg continued to strut ahead, passed Ace, and then stopped, standing in the heated evening, staring at the rear dark glass window, facing an unknown occupant. The glass window slowly rolled down electronically and presented a face with shoulder length dark brown colored hair strands, a tone of olive colored skin, and a pair of brown tinted eyeballs. Streg leaned down towards the open window listening to the string of harsh English words coming from the mouth of the Columbia native, non-resident of the USA. Streg laughed out and stood upright, tossing his rear skull behind his back spine, leaning back down and thumbed back behind his collar bone. He smiled at the male, “One moment of your precious time, sir! I’ll personally go and get Senator Reed Cathy British for you, sir. She is the one responsible for your messed up cargo. And she wants to apologize in person. How does that sound to you, sir?” The male then smiled without nodding his bone skull. Streg spun around and faced the front porch, moving ahead, nodding with laughter to Ace. Ace laughed out loud and nodded back in silence.
Streg padded back up each hard step on the front porch then opened the door hearing her loud screams, seeing her wiggling body. He stopped and leaned down smiling into her face. “Now, I wanted to have some fun and end your life for the horrible treatment and abuse of aborted babies, teens stoned on cocaine, and humans that only want a better life here in the USA, without adding all of my personal mistreatments, which is minor compared to your crimes of humanity. But I can’t kill you.”
Her chin dropped down into her chest and as a set of rolling tears filed her two eye sockets with relief. Her highly paid bodyguards were located here somewhere on her estate and running through the rear door of her mansion. She will be saved, then find Streg, and kill him with her personal hand gun, ending her annoying annoyant that rubs her fanny raw. She looked up and growled at Streg.
He laughed out loud and stood upright, tossing his rear skull backwards again and looked down while smirking down at British. He reached out and untied the thick curtain drapes from her body while holding her body in place and then plopped the entire curtain over her face. He chuckled. “Surprise! I have another piece of important information for you, Reed Cathy British!” He reached down and lifted the fragile old woman up from the rocking chair, tossing her body over his collar bone. She wiggled like an earthworm and screamed through the thick fabric curtain producing a set of soft musical moans, where no other pair of human eardrums could hear the sound, maybe an outer space alien could.
Streg slowly spun around and faced the open door speaking into her covered bone skull that rested a few feet from his collar bone. “I really hate to share this new piece of important information, but I am afraid I must, Reed Cathy British. I had substituted each one of those poor aborted and stolen baby organs for a dead but fresh chicken part, such like, a heart or a liver or a brain or a spleen. That’s my first crime,” he laughed out loud and exited the house carefully strolling down each hard step. He didn’t want to trip and then fall, accidentally harming Reed or allowing her to escape from her ultimate punishment.
Inside the long curtain that covered her head and her body, Reed stopped screaming and understood the dirty deed on her person and then started to yell in shock and fear through the thick fabric cords on the dark green curtain at Streg. “You’re a stupid fool!”
He only heard a set of mumbled words coming from her covered mouth inside the thick curtain, but Streg figured out her angry intent, laughing out loud, explaining to Reed. “Then, I really did release all of the captured humans into the woodlands of Evergreen rest park, where they were not captured by your people but will have a new permanent home here, and each one will become a permanent American citizen, without your money and your assistance. Yeah, that was my third crime. My second crime, I filled up bags of white powder using grinded and then cooked honeysuckle leaves and flowers, replacing each cocaine bag underneath that protection cover inside that old pickup truck in faded green. I’m really sorry here, Reed. But that load of bags with honeysuckle leaves, not cocaine powder was delivery to a nasty Columbia drug lord. Now, that Columbian drug lord is parked inside a sliver tinted limousine on your street, in front of your house, and the drug lord wants to talk to you. So, I told him that you would meet him in person. So, I’m carrying your skinny ass towards his shiny limo, right now and right here, for your secret conversation.” Reed started wiggling her body and screaming out loud in fright and fear. Streg had to reach over and hold her wiggling body with both of his hands, then stopped, standing in front of the darkened glass window again.
The window dropped down. Streg pointed with a smile at the wiggling curtain. “This is Reed Cathy British, sir. She wanted to come both disgusted, and disguised. I guess you can understand.” One of the bodyguards opened the side door and left the rear bench seat, moving around the automobile, stopping behind the rear trunk. The lid on the truck opened up. He pointed inside the empty trunk space.
Streg nodded to the drug lord. “Nice doing business with you, sir!” He scooted sideways and laughed out loud along with Ace, who continued to stand beside the work van while outlining his hand gun, watching out for any trouble. Inside the van, Ikko held a hand gun and observed from the interior walls for any trouble also.
Streg stopped and stood in front of the empty trunk. “Well, this is it, Reed Cathy British. The drug lord told me to delivery your skinny ass right here,” he tossed the elderly woman with the dark green curtain down into the trunk, squatting down, collecting the extra fabric and tossed over her body. He laughed, “I’m sorry for the rough ride.” He didn’t really care, if she suffocated in death. As a matter of fact, Reed should pray to God for her earthly sins and hoped to die, before that angry drug lord gets her healthy body. The paid employee closed the trunk shut and turned, nodding to Streg in silence, returning back to the rear bench seat, and closed the limousine door.
The shiny silver tinted limousine slowly rode off into the blinding horizon. Streg laughed out loud and moved ahead back to Ace, who laughed with a nod. Streg stopped and asked. “Well, how did I do as your newly, highly paid Resource employee?”
Ace reached out and slapped the collar bone on Streg, smiling with a nod. “You did great, Streg. First, I’m going to take ya’ll to my beach house. You need a week with a fun and sun vacation, before starting your new highly-paid and secretive duties. Second, I’m going to change your name. How does John Smith sound?”
Streg shook his curls and frowned. “I like the name John Smith. I don’t mind changing my name to John Smith. But I reserved the two hotel rooms in cash money with my driver’s license. I guess in hindsight I shouldn’t have done that. Now, the hotel building is burning down into a gigantic pile of ash, as we speak. I’m worried that I’ll jeopardize your new Resource team with my face, not my name. The Alabama driver’s license contains both my face and my name, sir.”
Ace smiled. “I think you should thoroughly examine your Alabama driver’s license again.”
Streg reached down and pulled the item, reading through the information, gasping in shock. “What! The name on the driver’s license is Streg Stratum, not my real name, but holds my real face. And the address is…” he looked up and stared at the antebellum house. “…her house residence. How did that happen?”
Ace laughed with a nod. “Red Coat British might be popular with the people, but not with the military. She duped and used the military arm with her political powers getting you released from your permanent prison sentence. At the Coast Guard Administration building, the commandant was pissed all the way towards the end of the galaxy and beyond. He made some phone calls too and had you tagged and tailed with his group of military spies, trying to catch Reed. However, you were very slick and did not fall into his military trap either. Once I learned of Reed’s slick trick, I sent my Resources out to fetch the truth, uncovering the horrible mess and covering up your mess, so your chicken farm friend will not die by the hand of the Deep State. Do not be mistaken here! The Deep State or the Shadow Government or the Fourth Government really exists with evil peoples and loves to kill one and all nosy spies that interfere in their nasty evil business ventures. But, that’s a different war.”
Streg nodded.  “Thanks, Ace! I really appreciate your help here.”
He nodded. “Well, my evil intentions are revealed, now. My old team of Resources are retiring. I needed a new team to protect my ass and the asses of my kin. I like your leadership and your slick skills. The valid Alabama driver’s seat is not really you or your person. Once this terrible government investigate uncurls, Reed Cathy British will become a fugitive of the law, since one will be able to find her dead body. So, you are cleared and cleaned from any wrong-doing, since July, the first. How about a long vacation on Orange Beach in the sand and the sun?”
Streg smiled, “Yeah, I need a long vacation. Your beach house sounds wonderful.” They moved back into the front bench of the work van.
Ace started the engine and drove to his beach property, steering slowly down the roadway while watching for cars and people. He didn’t slow the van but pointed at the front windshield. “How apropos! Look out the left side of your window! You will see a grand antebellum house in ugly mint green paint on the wooden frame in front of three golden tinted limousines and a party of pretty people. There’s a large fat male, a tall, slender woman, and a small child slowly getting into the limousine. The woman is my sister, Mary Ann Smith. The child is my niece, Gem Smith, and the fat man is my childhood friend, brother-in-law, and the Alabama Senator Samuel ‘Shotgun’ Winchester Smith. He and his family members are talking with another old Mobile family clan, who are named Mary Ann Smith, the husband of Flash and the biological sister of Shotgun. Their children include teen Opal Onyx Smith, second teen girl Ruby Jade Smith, and third teen girl Azul Smith. I have three nephews who are named in order,” he laughed. “Samuel Winchester Smith, Junior, who is a licensed Alabama physician, and Samuel Winchester Smith, the third, who is a licensed Alabama lawyer, and Samuel “Quad” Winchester Smith, the fourth, who is a licensed bank broker at one of the local banks here in Mobile.”
Streg smiled through the window and absorbed the faces noting the expensive designer clothes, hats, purses, and shoes in pastel colors. “The entire group sounds the same.”
He continued to steer the van. “They are the same. Your primary mission, since you have accepted my employment as my Resource, is to watch, observe, and tattle back to me their personal, business, civil, social, and spiritual affairs.”
The van passed the house and the party of people. Streg turned and stared at the nose profile on Ace. “Why? What have they done to you, Ace?”
“Nothing yet!” Ace sneered with angry and drove the van with his new team of Resources to his beach house property.
Streg gasped in shock wondering about his new job for Samuel Attila ‘Ace’ Smith, the military judge.

Present day and space and place and time, at 07:21 pm, on the same hot sizzling evening, in the same city of Mobile, on a different roadway, which was named Springhill Avenue, several miles away from the Mobile Hospital, in the rear compartment of the second black tinted limousine, driver Julius continued to slowly steer down the roadway and then slowed the speed, turning off the highway, driving down a private driveway that was bricked in orange hue, which glowed underneath the sunset lights. He followed the curvy driveway and viewed a grand house.
The Tudor-style American house stood third stories tall and exhibited a steep pitched roofline with multiple gables, without a front porch, only a massive jetty from the second floor level hanging over the front door and a large slab of vanilla concrete. The upper levels exhibited half-timber diamond-shaped exterior sections in solid light gray tinted stone between a row of three tall glass window panes. Two matching stone-coated chimneys rose above the roofline and dominated the pale blue skyline. The front door held a chunky natural wooden door with a Medieval appearance.
Historically, the Tudor-style architectural design was created as a country house within the country of England between the 15th and 16th Century, during the British reign of Henry, the eight, who hailed from the House of Tudor and the royal prince of Welsh origins.
The manor consisted of solid stone wall, with hundreds of casement windows, and numerous ornate chimney stacks.
The English commoners developed a modest, less expensive format on the Tudor house style using a framework of timber with interwoven with individual wooden timber beams that become known as a wattle. Using a mixture of clay, sand and cow dung, which was called daub, the mixture filled in the spaces around the wattle, sealing the wall, creating a concrete barrier. Once the wattle and daub water placement dried, the concrete was painted in white hue sealing and protecting the structural wooden timber beams from the weather elements and wood rot. The half-timber design was visible from both the outside walls and the interior walls of the Tudor house, creating an exterior brown and white set of concrete windows of beauty and intrigue.
The wealthier commoners added solid brick panels and a row of glass window panes between the wattle and daub sections. Each fireplace with a tall exterior stone chimney that matched exterior brick panels between the wattle and daub sections was added in numerous interior rooms inside the new Tudor construction while serving as a heat source warming each room and the kitchen setting for food preparation. The smoke was channeled through the stone chimney rather than through a hole in the rooftop. The level of second floor bedroom chambers possessed a high ceiling with a set of exposed timber beams for structural strength and beauty.
In the country of America, the most famous Tudor-style building is the Adams Building. The Adams Building was constructed in the year 1890 in the city of Quincy, within the US State of Massachusetts.  The building structure had housed merchant offices on the ground and residential apartment on the second floor. The building had been built by John Quincy Adams, the second, who was the grandson of United States President John Quincy Adams. The exterior wall featured decorative half-timbering style, a steep roofline with multiple gables, and two tall stone chimneys.
One of the second most recognizable Tudor-style structures in America is the Astor Home for Children. This building is also known as the Little Red Schoolhouse. The building was constructed by businessman and philanthropist Vincent Astor in the year 1914. The manor was designed to accommodate sick children recovering from their disease or illness. The building is located on eighteen acres of land in the city of Rhinebeck, within the US State of New York and is listed on the National Register of Historical Places in the USA.
The limousine pulled onto the red tinted brick covering the dirt and stopped. Julius didn't stop the engine but opened the door, sliding out, opening the rear door and waited, watching Samantha Germer, medical physician.
In the rear compartment, Germer was not tied and bound by a set of ropes, only a set of principles. She looked down at the hands that did not shake, exhaling with worry, looking up to see Ikko. Ikko didn't smile only stared at the talented, but dishonesty medical physician. Germer said. "You have signed my death warrant. "
Ikko still didn't speak but nodded. "I know."
She frowned at Ikko. "How...how did you know that I would eventually perform the operation that girl? When you confronted me with your gun and your threat, this morning, I was still refused and resisted. If you hadn't called in your goon squad, coming here to my house, I would be here enjoying my Fourth of July."
Ikko nodded with a stern face. "You wanted a way out. I could see and smell that. So, I provided you an easier way out. You should be thanking or thinking of me."
She sneered. "I am cursing you. You did this to me."
Ikko shook her red tinted long hair, "You did that to you womanly body, a long time, before I was even born, Dr. Samantha. We all live on Earth for a reason. Now, you gotta hear the fat lady sing during performing a jig, at the same time. Get out of my car!"
Samantha scooted over the long bench and slid off the seat, standing upright, nodding to Julius, moving ahead into her house. The door was unlocked from the first kidnapping event a few hours ago. She entered the foyer setting and disappeared into the interior walls, closing and locking her front door.
At the parked limousine, Ikko slid off the rear bench seat and slipped by Julius, sliding down into the passenger seat with a giggle. Julius closed the rear door and back stepped, slipping back down into the driver's seat. Ikko patted the seat. "I like this long vehicle. I think we should buy one and use it when we bring a stray dog or cat to our new home, joining our family. What do you think, Julius?"
He slowly drove the limousine ahead and watched a row of potted plants on his side within the driveway, curving around the pavement, heading back to the main hallway. "We were supposed to eliminate Dr. Sam. But we didn't. That was Ace's last order."
She turned and smiled at the front door. "Dr. Sam is not going to tattle to anyone about us. I promise."
"We also made a promise."
She returned back and smiled at the nose profile on Julius. 'We also made a deal. This is our last deed for Ace. He is happy now. We are happier now. Let's go back to our Mobile house and move the rest of our personal possessions to our new home, using this vehicle, for the rest of the evening. Are you happy, Julius?"
Julius drove the transport and smiled. "Yes, I am happy, Ikko."
"Good!" Ikko laughed.

At 07:31 pm, inside her Tudor-designed house, licensed medical physician and female Samantha Germer slowly moved ahead through the heavy front door and inhaled out a shallow series of short breathes, viewing the grand living room setting in earth tones of tank, brown and vanilla, for the last time. She had spent her entire life completing the construction of her Alabama mini-mansion, in money, greed, vanity, and pain. The cathedral ceiling contained a row of exposed ceiling beams in dark wood that appeared like each one was magically glued onto the wooden planks, and might drop down on top of your head, if you were not staring at the set. She reached a long purple colored leather sofa inside the living room setting and dropped on top of the soft cushions, softly wheezing, loudly coughed out loud her contaminated air molecules, whispering her shallow breathes. "Ikko is a brilliant woman. She should have been a psychiatrist, instead of a parasite on society.  The prescribed primidone medication destroyed part of my brain tissues within the thalamus stopping my hand tremors. However, now, the medication is slowly draining out from my chemical system and killing the rest of my brain cells with it. I don't have much time left. Ikko really did read my mind. I had deceived so many people trying to enter into medical school. I had been rejected as Samantha Germer and then came up with the brilliant idea of becoming a man, who was named Sam Germer. My idea worked. I was accepted, attended, and graduated from medical school. Then, I started my private medical practice as a male licensed male physician and prominent surgeon. No one knew my real identity. Everything was running so smoothly. Then I became very, very sick missing my work and my patients. I could not go to see another medical physician with my secret. I could not prescribe my own medication without prompting an investigation. I possessed Graves' disease, which is an inherited disease, that came from my maternal grandmother, who had mysterious died at any early age, before forty years old. The cycle of life and death was repeating for me too. I had to accept the fate that I had chosen for my person. I could look back or turn back the clock or ask for help, without going straight to jail for fraud, lying and other crimes, where I would surely die, alone and lonely. So, I carried on until I couldn't carry on. Then that young girl found me and came to see me. She had a complex, not complicated case of fibrosis. A simple laser procedure could remove the hardened fibers. I told her all of that information. She would have found another talented surgeon, not me, of course.
“She is engaged to Samuel Attila Smith, the third. I know that name. He was the hot shot young military judge, some nine years ago. He tried and convicted every soldier throughout the U.S.A. inside his military court room and found each one guilty, discharging each one from the military branch, tossing their ass onto the city street of Mobile, where they caused more trouble for the Mobile police department. And his brother-in-law was a state senator, so possessed a mighty and mightier personality also. But the brother-in-law and his wife were somehow murdered by a gang of terrorists or something, here in Mobile. No one knows the true story. But I do. Ace murdered all of them in cold blood, at his house. His only biological sister had been mysterious murdered in her house, this year, a few months ago, during their annual Mardi Gras party. Then Ace tired and convicted each one of his family members of the crime and murdered them inside his house. Of course, I know now. However, I can't tattle to anyone."
She coughed and the gagged, lying down on top of the soft sofa, wheezing for air molecules, whispering for her eardrums. "I could record a confession of my kidnapping by Ace Smith, the military judge. No one would believe me. My recording would become judged as a vocal hallucination from my recent drug abuse, finding primidone inside my body, after committing suicide inside my own home. The primidone medication is killing each one of my brain cells and cannot be stopped. The brain can't function without cells," she laughed with delirium. "Ace always gets his man or woman, in this case. I wished that I had met and married a man, like Ace. Maybe, I would have been a good woman, instead." She softly chuckled and closed her two eyelashes. "Old Magritte murdered Grandpa Smith. Well, she deserves to die too. I am sorry for deceiving all of these good people, including men, women, and children. But my whispered words do not matter now. When my dead, blue colored body is discovered by the poor scared housekeeper on Monday morning, the terrible news will spread like a wildfire throughout the city and roll over into the next county. The good physician was a woman, not a man. She finally broke under pressure and killed her person, avoiding jail time. The news will have fun time and all of my patient will sue my estate for money."
She exhaled with a set of shallow breathes. "Now, I lie me down to sleep, on earth. I pray my soul to keep, in heaven. If I shall die, before I wake up in hell. I pray..."
Samantha Germer wheezed out her last breath and expelled her living soul from the human body. Her living soul slowly drifted up from the dead bio-shell into the open arms of the angel of death. The angel of death slowly escorted Samantha from the earth plane into the pearly gates of heaven, for a meeting with the Prime Creator.

Forty minutes, thirty-two minutes, sixteen minutes, and fifty four milliseconds, at 08:37 pm, in the first rolling black tinted limousine, Streg ended his historical nightmare, still roaring the engine over the Interstate 10, slamming down on the brakes. Magritte tumbled sideways inside the trunk of the transport, screaming out loud without an aid from the rude driver.
The automobile squeaked the tires and jolted to a stop. He guided the car over the rough pavement, s topping in front of the long squat building in ugly pale blue hue, without killing the engine. He reached over and grabbed the white tinted bag, open the door, sliding off the seat and stood on top of the rough pavement. He scanned the parking lot, seeing one or two person and a few cars inside each slot, spinning around and roamed towards the trunk. He opened the trunk and assisted Magritte to stand upright from the trunk floor, balancing her wobbling plump body on top of the pavement.
Magritte exhaled with annoyance and scanned the new environment, gasping in shock. The limousine was parked in front of an ugly, short motel structure, which offered only one story, one bedroom rental for one night, weeks, or months. A few persons were staring at the parked limousine but continued on their way without bothering Streg or Magritte. She continued to scan the ugly place and huffed with annoyance, straightening the dirty, torn, and smelly designer clothes.
Streg wanted to leave the town and start his new life, leaning down into her dirty face. "Magritte..."
She raised her voice like Magritte was going to react.  "I'll scream, if you touch me."
He laughed. "I ain't touching you, honey. I am telling you, honey. I am not going to kill you, even though Ace wants a death act. I want a death act. You deserve a death act. Everyone knows that you murdered Attila. I found the tiniest detergent pod in the world ..."
"You...you...you were the waiter at Ace's house. I recognize your voice as I cannot see your face. But I do remember your body and your name."
He smiled. "My name is fake, and my face is real. And you still murdered Attila. I gave the tiniest detergent pod as legal evidence to Ace. He has it and he is keeping it for future events. Now, I am not going to kill you. I have driven from Mobile and landed you in Winner. Yeah, this is the name of the town, Winner. I thought the name was appropriate. Here in the town of Winner, you can get a job and go to work. As you cannot ever show your ass back in Mobile, ever."
She sneered. “I can go where ever I please, young man. I’m an American here. This is my home.” 
He smiled. “I’m an American too. This is my home, too, but I don’t just murder an innocent human being.”
She growled.  “I do not harm anyone.”
He nodded. “Okay! You’re innocent of a murder, but not a crime. You clearly heard Ace inside the hospital’s private and cold air-conditioned operating room. Both of the Last Will and Testimony legal documents provide nothing for you in terms of monies or land or riches, sweetheart. I don’t know, if you caught Ace’s tail or tale or tell, so I’ll repeat it for you, here and now. A wealthy person places all of their millions and billions of cash inside a bank trust fund. The Smith trust fund only has Ace’s name on it, so Ace owns all of the money bank accounts, houses, cars, boats, trains, planes...”
“I know the purpose of trust fund.”
He grinned. “But you don’t own one. I was puzzled too, that you wanted to marry Attila. He was a fine catch of the day, but you and he were not on the same social ladder. When I went to work for Ace, many years ago, I thoroughly researched his name and his family. I needed a working job, but I wanted to stay alive at the end of my working job too. I didn’t want to work with a gangster family and ended up dead, before I collected my first cash payment. So, I quickly learned the blue blood genealogy of Mobile township. Attila’s family came from some town up north. But your ancestral family is one of the twenty-three Blue-blooded clans of the Mobile settlement. Now days, a Blue Blood marries a Blue Blood to keep the blood flowing in red hue,” he laughed.
She smiled. “You are correct with your historical ancestral family of blue bloods.”
He presented a stern face, “So, I was really confused why you wanted to marry non-blue blooded Attila. Then I do some deep searching in your background. You married another blue blood gentleman and things were trucking fine and dandy. Then he become very sick. You become the nurse and comforted his needs. But sick people require food and expensive medicines and medical physicians. You paid for all of that in cash money from your blue blood bank account, without using the insurance monies, and stirring up hot-lipped gossip of a dying blue-blood husband, who had homosexual AIDS illness.
“Then, his private business company went money bankrupt and you had to pay off all of his financial debts using your blue blood bank account, in secret. Then he died privately at your home and you paid for a grand public funeral using your blue blood bank account. After he died, your ancient antebellum house on Dauphine Street was in disarray, so you paid for a fancy restoration using your blue blood bank account. Then, I become confused. Outta of the blue sky, you up and married a non-blue blood Attila. I was really curious and intrigued and dug down deeply further into your past financial, mental, emotional, and spiritual dealings. Once you were engaged to Attila, at the first of the year, you decided to sell your ancient antebellum house. I saw the For Sale sign in your front manicured yard. However, no one came by and purchased a true historical antebellum house, which was so very odd. Then, I dug...”
“Get to you point, sir!” Magritte snapped with a sour tone.
He nodded, “Your antebellum house did not qualify as a National Registered Historical Places, within the U.S. Archives. So, you decided to save your house and find a house, not a husband, that was listed within the National Registered Historical Places database. So, you picked and targeted the house on 6668 Ansley Lane, where Attila lived as a widower. You played him, lady. Then you got played. The universe is so flighty and mighty. When you tried to sale your own house, you found out that all three of your neighbors occupied your private property lands. But, in reality, your house occupied their private property lands, an ancient mistake, of course, since the year 1710 or somewhere like that. Always, you were engaged in three legal lawsuits with three neighbors over the three different tracks of disputed land properties. Now, you could have conceded or conceited, giving up the land property rights and walked away with a hand bag of monies. But no! You did not. You fought against all three neighbors and lost the three legal lawsuit battles. They won the land properties rights and you won all of the expensive court monetary bills, in which, you paid from your blue blood trust fund. Now, you finally own your house and your property land and go to sell the house finding out that ancient antebellum does not make the house and hurricane codes, so you use more money from your blue blood trust fund. When it’s time for you to sell the house and sign the papers, you own the new owners over six million dollars for all of the building code mistakes and rotten wood, terminates, and other structure problems. You pay the debt from your Blue Blood trust fund. By the time you marry Attila, who has lots of money, but he is not a Blue Blood society male, you do not have a Blue Blood trust fund or a checking bank account or a saving account, because you are penniless and homeless and ruthless. Your fairy tale ends here. But now, you demon tale begins. Ace does not know about your non-existence Blue Blood trust fund. Else, he would have tattled to his granddaddy and then you would have ever married Attila. Thus, Attila would be here alive and breathing and you would be living on the city street. That’s only my opinion!” He laughed.
She sneered. “How do you know so much about bank accounts and blue bloods and legal matters? You're a vicious murderer, not an investment manager.”
He smiled. “I used all of my free nighttime hours to attend and graduate from an Alabama School of Law. I’m a licensed Alabama lawyer. My lawyering skill are telling you this much, bitch. Attila did not own any assets or monies, including his house. Ace does. So, the fake or true Last Will and Testimony legal document signed by Attila cut you out of his estate and all of his monies. However, I did find a penny outside the parked limousine from Attila’s manor. You can have it. Here, you go, bitch!” He handed her the penny. She sneered in his face without accepting the money. He laughed and pocketed the item. “A penny saved is a penny earned. You should know that wise axiom. I guess you understand the legal matter now. You have nothing. You get nothing. You are nothing. Ace has instructed me to kill you and you deserve to be killed. But I ain’t going to do that.”
She laughed. “Ace is a vicious man. He’ll find out and find you and kill you. He does that all the time.”
He frowned. “No, he will not find anything including you or me. I have a bag of money, 100,000 dollars, in small bills, your new bank account. This is the town of Winner, your new city. You have a rental motel room for one week, your new home. Take the money and live or dead or stay the hell outta of Mobile. Ikko was the one who had set you up by buying Attila’s mansion, that you thought you owned. If you show up in Mobile, Ace will know. Then, Ace will show that signed legal document to the Mobile’s District Attorney’s city office, then you will be arrested and sentenced for fraud and other legal law crimes, that carries twenty or more years of imprisonment. Your ass will be placed in jail, before you can holler out loud, Wolfie!” He picked up and pitched her money bag to the sideway and safely away from the running engine on the parked limousine. He nodded with a sweet smile to Magritte. “I have said my peace. You have your peace. Goodbye, Miss Magritte! I wish you the best of luck in your new life, here in the town of Winner.” He scooted backwards with a smile, spun around and then moved ahead sliding down into the leather driver’s seat, closing the door shut. He viewed the rear view mirrors looking for Magritte. She raced away from the trunk section on parked limousine and then collided into the cloth bag, squatting down, sobbing with her sorry life. Streg jerked the gear into drive and then slowly steered ahead feeling terrible for the elderly woman, finishing the last dirty deed for Ace. He smiled with delight and started his new daydream heading back to the rental company first.
He’ll drop off the rental limousine and then retrieve a taxi cab to the Mobile Yacht Club, boarding his new big boat, spending the night there, where all of his new clothes and new supplies are unpacked and ready for its new sea master.

Tomorrow is a new day.

At 08:41 p.m, the sunset was peeking through the low clouds displaying an array of pink, red, blue, green, yellow, and orange hue on the horizon. Back at the Mobile Hospital, on the fourth floor, inside number seven operating surgical suite, Ace sat on top of the tall stool in his regular clothes and watched Fawn. He smiled with happiness. She was still asleep but slowly twitched some of her limbs while stirring into both her mind and her body into a state of consciousness. He was so excited and wanted Fawn to awake up, informing her of the great news. She can speak with a breathy voice of hoarseness for the few hours and then the rest of the first week. Then, she will be able to talk like a normal girl for the rest of her life. Ace needed to find another infectious disease doctor with a set of surgery skills, like Dr. Samantha, as soon as possible, that could continue to monitor and remove the rest of the little particles of hardened fibers on each one of her vocal cords, which would be an issue now, with more time for the both of them.
He also needed to wrap up that silly pirate bridal party on Friday night, ceasing all social events. He also decided the wedding would be Saturday night inside the beach house in Orange Beach with his daughter Gem and his future bride Fawn. All of them had enough excitement by the pass four months to last a lifetime. Fawn and Ace wanted to start their new life together even without his granddaddy. He wiped off a rolling tear and exhaled with deep sorrow, when the operating room door flung open. Ace jumped off the stool, and reacted in one fluid motion, swing around from Fawn, pulling out his hand gun, protecting his girl, pointing at the person. He shouted out loud in shock. "Kam, what in the hell are you doing here?" He lowered the gun and replaced down the pocket on his walking shorts.
Kamius Feesher, M.D. entered the cold operating room and wore a set of orange tinted surgical gear, moving ahead towards Ace. "What in the hell are you doing inside this ice cold operating room, without my medical advice? I am not a surgeon, only a cardiologist, Ace.”
He frowned. "What!"
She stopped and stood beside Fawn reaching down, checking each human body parts on Fawn. "She feels warm. She is slowly stirring awake. The sedation should be almost gone from her chemical system. But she is going experience a weaken state for a while maybe the rest of the night. She needs to eat some food, only mild food items, like soft crackers and fresh water. The bruising on her face will heal, but no rough playtime, Ace."
"What!" He spun around to face Fawn and Kam, gasping in shock and worry. "What are you doing here, Kam? How do you know to come here, Kam? What is going on here, Kam?"
"Fawn. Fawn. Can you hear me? This is Dr. Feesher. Can you hear my words? Press my finger, if you can hear my words, Fawn. I want to know if you can hear me and if you are becoming conscious again." Kamius continued to probe Fawn's body while stirring the girl awake.
Fawn moaned softly and then started to wiggle her body. Kamius smiled and stated to Ace. "Come over here, Ace!"
"No!" A new female voice shouted out loud and as the petite body frame moved through the open archway. "Come over here, Ace! I need your help first."
Ace spun around to face the entrance wall and gasped in shock, dashing ahead, colliding into the upright body. He hugged the body into his chest and whispered in shock. "Granddaddy!"
Attila pulled back from his grandson and slightly grinned from a weakened body that was filled with pain medication, staring at Ace, croaking in a whisper of joy too. "Yeah, I can hear good. I just can't stand upright good yet."
"Granddaddy, are you a he-ghost? Because, I can see you and I can touch you and I can smell you." Ace gasped in shock and continued to steady his grandfather.
Kamius motioned to the operating table. "Ace, bring Attila over here. He needs to lie down."
"No, woman!" Attila growled.
"Escort him over here. He needs to sit down and get off his feet." Amalia smiled and moved ahead, reaching out, grabbing the arm on Attila as Ace slowly steered his grandfather over to the operating table. They arrived at the table. Ace lifted his grandfather onto the flat surface. Attila automatically tilted over and rested on his side, closing both of his eyelids, resting from the medical condition.
Kamius moved away from Fawn, who was resting and wiggling her body into a conscious state, holding a blanket for Attila. She stopped and placed the white tinted blanket over the elderly man, standing upright, spinning around and laughed at Ace. Ace stood in shock and awe, staring down at his granddaddy, who was alive and breathing. She said. "I do believe that Ace needs an explanation."
Amalia wore a lavender tinted pair of scrubs and stood on the opposite side of Ace, near the foot of Attila, smiling at Ace. "I do believe that Ace needs to guess what he is seeing here."
Kamius nodded with a stern face. "Yes, I do believe that Ace needs a taste of his own medicine. What do you think has happened here, Ace?"
Ace continued to stare with a goofy smile at his granddaddy. "Ugh! My granddaddy is alive, not dead. So, his funeral was fake, and his heart attack was false."
Amalia nodded. "Well, that's a pretty good guess, but not completely accurate. However, you did the heavy footwork and uncovered the murder plot, that really didn't murder Attila, but did come close. You found the individual murder weapons, after snooping around inside Attila's house. Magritte somehow created a set of gelatin capsules using common washer machine detergent inserted between the two rubber capsule shells. She slipped three gelatin capsules down into his tumbler of sweet tea on Wednesday morning, during the silly pirate bridal decoration party. Your man Streg ..."
"How do you know Streg? No one knows Streg." He frowned with confusion.
She frowned. "Do you wanna hear the demon tale or not, Ace?"
"Yes, I do." Ace nodded with worry.
She nodded. "Streg was watching your granddaddy, when he noticed Attila was in distress and reacted very quickly. He saved Attila's life by performing that quick tracheotomy on Attila's throat muscles cutting out a breathing hole for the air flow and releasing that single gelatin capsule, which was choking Attila, that dropped down on the patio floor. One of the smarter waitresses called the emergency hotline 911. The paramedics came and brought Attila to the emergency room. Kamius and I knew each other and worked together on a number of medical cases; but we also knew and medically treated you and Attila with minor illnesses for years. She saw Attila and called me into the mysterious medical case. Streg followed the ambulance and tracked down Kamius, who was with me, and presented to us that single tiny gelatin capsule. Kamius immediately ordered an X-ray and found the third gelatin capsule inside Attila's stomach. She performed an urgent surgery operation here at the hospital, where his stomach was sliced open and the toxin capsule was removed, saving his life. During this time, Magritte took her time coming to the hospital and arrived later inside her personal limousine. You were not present at the emergency room yet. So, the three of us had plenty of time to concoct a new plan for you and Magritte."
Ace gasped in shock. "But I saw my granddaddy in a hospital bed, today."
Kamius smiled. "Did you really see Attila, Ace?"
He nodded. "Yes, I walked to the hand railing and touched his hand in his hospital bed, inside the hospital."
Amalia smiled. "Did you really see Attila, Ace?"
He waved both of his hands. "Okay. I did not see my granddaddy. So, who did I see in that hospital bed?"
Kamius nodded with a smile. "You and Magritte saw a poor homeless man, who had been beaten up in the street and brought to the hospital. Often times, we are not allowed to treat none of the homeless people, who do not have possess any monies or health insurance.  So, your cash money paid for his nice short inpatient stay and paid for all of his medical tests. I hope you don't mind, Ace."
He smiled. "No. No. I don't mind. You, two are geniuses. Where did my granddaddy go?"
Kamius nodded. "Mobile Hospital has a private VIP wing for the rich and famous. He didn't go there. We also have a charity ward for the poor and helpless sick medical patients. Attila went there for his medical examination and bodily safekeeping. After his immediate operating room surgery, I placed Attila back there for his safety and recovery. We don't want Magritte knowing that Attila was alive and well. She had tried to kill him before and she almost succeeded, the first time. Magritte would never figure out that Attila had went there and she would never go to that charity ward. Amalia acted as her attending physician, while I was the cardiologist for the homeless man. I am sorry to report the homeless man died unexpectedly, which created the second plot of our unplanned deception. Once you and Magritte left the hospital, the homeless man died from numerous illnesses. I used the same dead body and set up the death scene. Streg left the hospital and followed you around the town, Ace. He was calling us and narrating your actions on the road, inside the house, and outside the house. Why were you doing inside Attila’s home, Ace?"
Ace growled in a low voice for his eardrums only, “I’ll get Streg for that one, later,” then he frowned shaking his bone skull at two deceptive brilliant women, "That's my affair, smartasses. Streg was part of your little band of misfits. I found the solution that went into the gelatin capsule at my granddaddy's house. Then, I went home, and I had to tell..." He gasped in worry. "What am I supposed to tell Gem and Fawn? We saw a burning box..."
"... without seeing the dead body. You saw the homeless man's funeral, not Attila's. The cremator made a mistake." Kamius smiled.
He frowned. "What about the dead body in the hospital?"
Amalia winked. "What dead body in the hospital, Ace?" She laughed with Kamius.
He tossed both of his hands in the air and then slapped them by his side, nodding with a sour frown. "Fine! Fine! I'll think of something to tell Fawn and Gem."
Kamius smiled. "Hospitals makes mistakes all the time, Ace."
Amalia giggled. "O! We’re so sorry. We made a mistake. Attila is not dead; he is alive and well. O well! O hell! Let's celebrate and party down!" She laughed with Kamius.
He frowned. "What about all of these people here inside the ICU hallway, doctor?"
Amalia winked. "What people, Ace?" She laughed with Kamius again.
He huffed with annoyance. "So, who’s going to explain about the hospital bed and the dead man?"
Kamius smiled. "Ace, people come; people go. Gossip lives; gossip dies. No one will really care. Now..."
"...I still don't understand. Who was the dead body in the morgue autopsy room?" He frowned.
Amalia elbowed Kamius and pretended to wipe the sweat from her forehead dropping both of her hands by her side. She smiled at Ace, “Well, that was a close one, for me! When you and I were standing outside the window of the morgue clerk, he explained that the dead body was getting burned because he was penniless. I was sweating bullets over for those specific careless words. Everyone, that’s anyone, knows Samuel Attila Smith is a very rich man. But you didn’t react to the new information. I thought you would react violently to that specific information. So, I guessed that you were still stunned from the terrible death news and was mentally hurt thinking you had truly lost your grandfather in the hospital. So, my play continued to play.”
Ace laughed with an evil tone and then winked at Amalia. The two ladies frowned with confusion in silence. He smiled, “Yes, your play played out very well, even on me. But the morgue clerk was correct. Samuel Attila Smith is penniless. So, I truly thought the dead man was my grandfather.”
“What!” Kamius gasped in shock.
“How’s that possible, Ace? I don’t understand.” Amalia stated.
“I didn’t know that information. I’m so sorry, Ace,” Kamius stated.
He nodded with a grin. “Let me explain here! I have a financial trust fund coming from my dead parents. My grandfather has a financial trust fund also from his dead parents. Before my grandfather married that bitch, he converted his personal trust fund into a limited legal and financial partnership between me and my daughter Gem. So, my grandfather is penniless. He does not own any assets or cash monies anymore. He placed all his assets and cash monies in the new limited legal and financial partnership between me and my daughter Gem which fucks the U.S. Federal Government with their outrageous inheritance tax laws on wealthy dead people and screws Mrs. Samuel Attila Smith with no cash and assets. So, that bitch gets only the dry pieces of hard shit on his nicely manicured lawn from the squirrels and the chipmunks.” He laughed with the two medical physicians. “My grandfather was looking and hoping to remarry a new sweet, southern belle, instead of a vicious, vile bitch. O well! O hell! But he planned better than he received. Thus, his new wife receives zero, nada, nothing.”
Kamius gasped in shock slowing nodding her curls. “So, you own his house, his furniture, his car, his lands, his crops and his cash. I …”
“…love and adore and worship my grandfather. I trust him in everything. He trusts me in everything. I got everything. He gets nothing now. But I’ll take very good care of him, until his true death day comes along hopeful in another decade or two. Don’t worry! He did it to screw the government and fuck any bitch he might run across. My grandfather is a brave and wise man.” He smiled.
She smiled. “That he is!”
Amalia continued with a smile, “So, the dead body wheeled from his cool refrigerated storage was the same poor homeless man, for his final death performance. I really didn't cut up his body, only showed you the second gelatin capsule that Kam had removed from Attila's stomach, during his urgent surgery operation. Honestly, you were so distraught and unfocused that you didn't notice my non-moving hands or my lack of medical instruments, during the fake autopsy. I felt really bad deceiving you, Ace, but that was part of our plan to save Attila's life force from nasty Magritte. Once you left the autopsy room, the poor homeless man was sent back to his cold storage box and then he was cremated the next day, in which, you, Gem, and Fawn had to witness. He really appreciated that you paid for his burial burn.”
Ace nodded with a smile. "I’m happy to help that…dead man. Please don't feel bad about your plotted deception plan that worked. I'm the happier one that my granddaddy is here, and Magritte is..."
Amalia winked at Ace. "Where is Magritte located, right now, Ace?" 
He gasped in shock and retained his deep dark deadly secret. Streg had been ordered to kill Magritte and hide the cold, blue tinted dead body, riding the world of another nasty southern belle. "Uh!"
Kamius nodded with a smile to Ace. "The local police officers are arresting Magritte, right now, in the town of Foley, which is forty minutes southeast from the seaport of Mobile, Alabama. Streg worked with us and followed Magritte, when she left the city of Mobile with a bag of stolen cash money from Attila's personal and private bank safe. Then he called the local police officers and reported the crime, retrieving the bag of money, arresting Magritte. She will never see or bother Attila again. And I am happy about that."
Ace laughed with a nod and as he knew the true story. His Resource Streg had plotted that brilliant deceptive idea into the mind neurons on the two smartass physicians and then executed, literally, a different plan with the nasty southern belle Magritte.
Kamius nodded with a smile to Ace. "Now, all of our secrets have been spilled and all of your questions have been addressed. And I arranged for you to secure and access an empty operating room on the Fourth of July."
He gasped in shock. "You did not. What did you do? Do you know Dr. Sam Germer also?"
She laughed. "I do not personally know of Sam Germer. I heard his name around town. However, your man Streg told me about Fawn's damaged voice folds and her pending surgery. So, I want ahead and reserved this operating suite for the Fourth of July holiday weekend. I mean really, Ace, no medical operations are performed during a major operation. You and she could have waited a couple of weeks for an open operating suite, but I do understand the urgency with your upcoming marriage ceremony. So, Streg convinced me to arrange her minor operation, this afternoon. So, I also have arranged a clean-up crew to clean and sterile this operating room, before the regular staff comes back tomorrow morning. But you’re paying with cash for all of this activity. Streg gave me a bag of cash that provided to the business office for her surgery supplies and rental of the operating room. Her healthy insurance is not going to pay for this."
He smiled and nodded several times, waving both of his hands near his jaw line. "No problem! No problem, Kam! If you get another hospital bill or a slew of hospital invoices, then you send all of them to me. I'll gladly pay for all of this. And thanks for the nice surprise. I really appreciate both of your assistance for helping Fawn and her healthy voice folds. Streg didn't give me all of the details but set up the activity. He's very good at his job."
Amalia frowned. "What job function does Streg perform for you, Ace? I can't figure out his job assignments. Is he also a former military officer?"
He gasped in shock. "Uh! Streg is a wrangler. He wrangles things and stuff for me. Now, I'm very happy to see and hear that my granddaddy is alive and well, still sleeping over there on top of that metal operating table. How’s my girl Fawn doing?" Ace spun away with worry from the body of his granddaddy, who continued to sleep on top of the flat operating table, moving ahead back to Fawn. He stopped and touched her arm. She was conscious and wiggled around, feeling dizzy and tired, touching the bruises on her face. He leaned into her face and whispered sweetly. "You caught me! I kidnapped you and brought you here inside one of the operating surgery suites. Sam Germer MD came and performed here too. But he is gone now. Dr. Sam happily removed all of the thickened fibers on each one of your voice cords, Fawn. You should be able to talk now."
"Stop it, Ace!" Kamius shuffled ahead and stood on the opposite side of Fawn, touching the arm on the Fawn also. "Ace is correct. Dr. Sam Germer performed the operation and scraped off the harden fibers on each voice folds. You are still dizzy and weak from the sedation medication. And your throat is sore, but you are not sick. The voice folds are inflamed but will heal in one week. You can talk after your recovery."
Fawn continued to wink her two eyelashes open and then shut from the dizziness, but her eardrums heard the wonderful words. She tried to smile with happiness, but her lips were chapped and bleeding. Her mouth was sore and bloody. She continued to probe her achy face muscles.
Kamius nodded with a stern face. "The surgery required Dr. Sam entering down into and working inside your mouth. You do not wanna look into a mirror for another three days. You are feeling a set of scattered ugly blue tinted bruises over your facial muscles and intense pain coming each facial bone movements. So, don't move your mouth but to eat. Ace is assigned as your nurse caring for you at home. Do you understand?" Fawn slightly nodded with a flat face from the intense pain. She smiled. "Excellent! You're a good patient. Ace, you can take Fawn and Attila back home to your house. And I have ordered a private nurse for both of my patients to come to your house, starting tonight."
Amalia spun around with a smile and moved ahead back to the entrance wall, shouting out loud to every pair of eardrums. "The clean-up crew and the transport crew have arrived. Transports, there are two patients here that go into an individual ambulance and then back to their private residence. Ace can give you the city street address. Clean-up crew, you can get started with your cleaning and then lock up the operating room door, when you are finished. Good night Ace! Happy marriage! Don't call me for any issues! Call Kam!" She laughed out loud and exited the room, still chuckling inside the empty hallway, heading back home also.
Beside the operating chair, Kamius frowned and slapped her chest, nodding to Ace. "Yes, please call me, if Fawn or Attila are having any clinical problems. Bye, Ace and Fawn! Happy life to you and yours!" She spun around and faced the entrance wall, exiting the operating suite for her home also. The clean-up crew started shifting hospital equipment pieces around the room for the mopping procedure. A pair of transport males gently worked on a sleepy Attila, moving the old man carefully onto a wheeled hospital gurney. 
Beside the operating chair, a pair of male transporters slowly approached Fawn with a second wheeled hospital gurney for her transportation inside the waiting ambulance and then riding her body towards her residential home. Ace leaned over and smiled into the slightly swollen face on Fawn, whispering into her non-bruised cheekbone. "You are all healed, precious. You are not supposed to talk, even with a whisper for another seven days. Then you can start talking non-stop, until the day one of us passes to the great beyond and away from the planet.
Fawn rubbed her sore jaw line and opened her mouth, feeling alert and happy, wiggling her sore tongue. She cleared her throat and felt the raw tissues on each one of her scraped sensitive and throbbing voice cords. “I'm pregnant.” She whispered her first words into the face of her future husband.
Ace gasped in shock and then smiled with joy, back stepping from her, dancing in a circle, like a silly child, hollering with delight. He stopped whirling with a grin and stepped back into her face. "I love your first words. And I wanna say back: I love you, Fawn. I'm so happy for you, me and our unborn child. Now, the pair of transporters must take you back home inside the ambulance. I'll be leading us back home. I love you, Fawn."
She did not whisper this time using her sore voice folds and as her throat felt raw and burned like a fireball, instead silently mouthing her words into his face: I love you." She nodded with a slight grin and as her facial muscles ached in pain also.
The first pair of transports were exiting the operating suite with a sleepy Attila on top of the portal gurney. A second pair of male transports quickly shuffled Fawn onto the second hospital gurney and placed a set of warm blankets over her body, slowly shoving the table through the open archway.
Ace followed behind and actually skipped with happiness, praying to the Prime Creator for his alive and breathing granddaddy, a healed and recovering Fawn, a safe and alive daughter Gem, and a growing unborn fetus inside the womb on Fawn. Now, his new life began with a set of fake fireworks on America's birthday, the Fourth of July also.

Nine days later, on July 13th, Ace and Fawn hosted the private wedding inside Attila's larger manor with his personal friends Slick, Buck, and his wife and numerous snobby blue-blood Mobilians, in attendance as invited guests. Fawn smiled and softly talked with her healing voice cords pronouncing her love for her new husband Ace for each pair of eardrums to hear.
Attila felt better and served as the best man for his grandson Ace. Fawn, with Gem as her bridesmaid, wore her second wedding mini-dress in candy pink hue with a pair of sandals for the picnic reception in the back yard in the sizzling heated day while annoying all of the guests, so each one would leave.
After eating the delicious meal of meats, vegetables, breads, and fruits and cutting and then eating the wedding cake, both Ace and Fawn stood beside the entrance wall at the open archway, nodding with a smile. Ace slapped each collar bone and shouted out loud to each departing guest. "Thank you for coming to the wedding of Ace and Fawn. And thanks for the dual gifts for our happy marriage and our growing baby fetus. Don't come back! Enjoy your day! See you never again her." He chuckled after each announcement.
Fawn occasionally elbowed his rib cage and giggled with a sweet tune, softly speaking to each guest without wearing out her healing voice folds. "Thanks for coming!"
Slick and Buck stood in front of Ace. Ace leaned over and provided a manly hug to his best friends, nodding with a smile. They nodded in silence with understanding, leaving Ace with his new bride and his new life, with a growing fetus inside Fawn's stomach.
They were the last of the invited snobby Mobilians from the wedding, “Bye Nan, Nance, and Nanette!” Ace laughed into each individually sad face and then at their individually fat ass watching them leave his house, his new wife, and his new life still chuckling at their disappointment but his happiness. Then he followed their fat asses slamming the door shut, spinning around and winked at his new bride. “The end!”
“The beginning!” Fawn smiled and hugged her new husband with eternity love, pulling back with a stern face. “Ace, I wanted to inquire about the triplet females...”
“Whoa, little lady!” He pulled back and tossed both of his palms near his stern face. "Now, the triplet sisters are just my old fellow high school friends. They're nothing more, not even neighbors or terrible friends. They are nothing to me or to you or to us.”
She exhaled with annoyance. "Then tell me this!"
He frowned with worry. "Tell you what? There is nothing to tell, sweetheart. I love you!" Ace leaned over to kiss her face. She back stepped and crossed her arms, shaking her long light brown hair. He frowned again. "What did I do? O! The first born triplet sister has a puppy dog crush on me. That's all! She means nothing to me. I promise."
She frowned sounding with a soft whisper, “Tell me this!”
"Tell you what! There’s nothing to tell you, from me, honey!"
She frowned. "Why do you insult the triplet sisters and call them those three rhyming names, such, Holly, Dolly, Molly or Abby, Gabby, Tabby? Why do you insult the three sisters with those nasty three names of Chastity Belt, Hopeless, Faithless?"
He laughed out loud and slapped his chest, nodding with a smile. "O that! Is that your only question? That’s an easy answer. Those are three silly substitution names for the three silly females. I don't like the three sisters and I do not like their company, so I continue to insult their butthole, until they get the hint to leave me be. But it’s hard to see and smell and taste your own butthole. Do you have any more questions, Mrs. Ace Smith?"
She nodded with a smile. "You have addressed all of my inquiring questions but one."
He looked down at his shoes, returning to frown at Fawn. "What’s your one inquiry, darling?"
Fawn stared at the three girls, who left the house. She turned, leaned into his cheekbone, and then whispered her question. “What are their three proper names?”
“Nan. Nance. Nanette. The shortened names come from the proper English name of Nancy, which is a medieval English variation of ‘Mine Ass.’ He laughed with amusement.
She frowned. “You’re lying.”
He winked. “I tell the truth.”
“You do not tell the truth.”
“I always tell the truth, mama.”
“I’m going to find out the truth.”
“Excellent decision! We can start right here and right now as we are all alone and happy.” He kissed her.
“Do you truly love me?” She smiled.
Ace reached over and kissed her face, foreverly.


P.S. Attila and Ace had switched their ancient mansions, so Ace could forget all his bad memories inside his old house and Attila could heal and do the same mentally thing. Gem lived with her granddaddy, until she would start college within two years.




THE END

