 


Andie the Alien
Saves Earth.

Water Warriors 


Kate Cullen

This is for all the kids out there who want to make our Planet Earth a better place to live in, now and in the future. Because one day, you will be the grown-ups running this place, and we want you to be able to enjoy it as much as we do now, without having to worry so much.
Don’t be an eco-worrier, be an ECO-WARRIOR!
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any matter whatsoever without the written and signed permission of the author.
All trademarked names are the property of their owner and are 
acknowledged by the proper use of capitalization throughout.
Written and illustrated by Kate Cullen
Copyright © 2021 @ Kate Cullen
SMASHWORDS EDITION

Disclaimer notice
Please note the information here within is fictional with some factual matter contained within. It is for educational and entertainment purposes only and all effort has been effected to present accurate, and current information. No warranties of any kind are declared or implied. Readers acknowledge that the author is not engaged in the rendering of environmental, scientific or professional advice. The factual content of this book has been derived from general knowledge and various sources.

Andie the Alien
Saves Earth.



Water Warriors 


Other books by Kate Cullen

GAME ON BOYS SERIES
FREE ebook Game on Boys 1:The PlayStation Playoffs(8-12)
Get Game on Boys 1 FREE here (on Smashwords)
Game on Boys 2 : Minecraft Madness (8-12)
Game on Boys 3 : NO Girls Allowed
Get Game on Boys 4 FREE here on Smashwords
Game on Boys 5 : House of Horrors
Game on Boys 6 : Galactic Zombie

ANDIE THE ALIEN SAVES EARTH (Game on Boys spinoff)
(Educational series about climate change and recycling
Andie the Alien Saves Earth : Water Warriors
Andie the Alien Saves Earth : Waste Warriors
Andie the Alien Saves Earth : Power Warriors

DIARY OF A WICKEDLY COOL WITCH SERIES
Get Diary of a Wickedly Cool Witch 1 FREE on Smashwords here
Diary of a Wickedly Cool Witch 2: Boyfriend Stealer (8-13)
Diary of a Wickedly Cool Witch 3 : Perfect Ten (8-13)
Diary of a Wickedly Cool Witch 4 : School for Misfits
Diary of a Wickedly Cool Witch 5 : Witches Rule

Christmas Stories for Kids : Bedtime stories and Jokes

LUCY THE ADVENTURE DOG SERIES
Lucy goes to the Halloween Party (Early readers)
Lucy the Easter Dog (Early readers)
Lucy's Merry Christmas
Lucy goes to the Beach (coming soon)

Sammy McGann and the Secret Soup People (5-10)
One Day at a Time (Teenagers)
Surfing the wave (coming soon for teenagers)


Follow KATE on Twitter at Kate Cullen at katekate5555
https://www.instagram.com/author_katecullen/




Contents
Other Books by Kate Cullen
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Test your Knowledge
Joke time.


Chapter 1

“It’s time!” said Mama Alien, as she packed Andie’s lunchtime meal pills into his lunch bag. They fitted nicely into the match box sized lunch box, but still contained all the necessary nutrients for a growing alien boy.
“Time for what?” Andie alien said, with surprise, looking up from his robotic toys. He’d set up a wonderful battle between the transformers and the zombie droids, and he didn’t want to pack them away just yet. “I don’t have school today Mom. It’s our day off.”
“It’s time for your mission,” said Mama Alien.
Andie’s three eyes lit up like a beacon. 

The thought of going on a mission was so exciting, but he’d always been too young, too small, too short or too tall, or too something to go.  And he’d always been told by his father that he didn’t have enough microchip development or adequate electrical capacity, or the right amount of specialized education to be trusted on an operation. There was always something! It was always his elder siblings going on a mission. Andie had eleven brothers and sisters and they were much older than him. Some of them called him a mistake, but his mother and father said he was a pleasant surprise.
Even some of his sisters had been to other planets to do battle with enemy aliens for their missions. His eldest sister Aggie was an alien spy, but that was top secret. He was not allowed to tell anyone. In fact, even Andie wasn’t supposed to know, but he caught her one day in their space home opening a secret passage to a secret room. 
Andie had a talent. He could remember things extremely easily, and when he saw her punch in the thirty digit code, he remembered every symbol. The next day when she was ‘apparently’ out at her job at the beauty salon (which was obviously just a foil – but not a hair foil), he broke into the secret room which was no longer secret, and discovered her top-secret job. She wasn’t the alien beauty therapist that she made herself out to be. He always wondered why she didn’t even wear lipstick.
When Andie went inside the room, his eyes nearly popped out of their sockets he was so amazed. There was high tech equipment from wall to wall; stuff he didn’t know even existed. He was so tempted to touch it, but he knew better. He didn’t want to get in trouble with a high-powered, top secret agent. Who knows what she would be capable of? Even if she was his sister.

Now Andie may be a bit too adventurous for his own good, but if it’s one thing he is, it’s honest. And he couldn’t hide what he’d done from his sister, so he told her when she got home. At first she was angry, but then she was shocked and amazed that he’d been able to remember the code. She said it had taken her two years to remember it. She had to keep it in her internal computer chip for all those years, which was dangerous, because if she’d been attacked by the enemy, they could easily have scanned the code and broken in. 
Andie’s other sister Angie, did however work in a beauty salon. She was a professional eye lash maker, so she was always extremely busy because some of the aliens had a huge number of eyes, and the latest craze was to beautify them by giving them eyelashes. This was in actual fact, a trend they had adopted from the studies of earthlings and their habits. The aliens on Andie’s planet, Avateous, didn’t have eyelashes, but scientific studies of Earthlings by the intelligence operators had discovered many worthwhile developments, including fake eyelashes, fake eyebrows and fake moustaches. The aliens on Avateous didn’t have hair either, so wig making was another idea they adopted from the earthlings.

Andie’s eldest brother, Angus, actually worked as an intelligence operator on planet Earth, studying Earthlings and how they interacted with the world and their surroundings. Andie used to find the stories of Earthlings fascinating every time Angus came home for holidays or for informant duties.

One of the things that amazed Andie the most was the size of the Earthling’s meals. Angus had shown pictures of earthlings sitting down to dinner around a big table and tucking into massive portions of food that nearly covered a whole moon shaped disc. Some of the food items almost looked as if they could get up and run away. He laughed when he thought how quickly he could stuff his tiny meal in. He simply slotted a capsule into a little compartment just under his heart and away it went, delivering all the necessary nutrients his body needed in less than two seconds flat. He didn’t even have to put up with bad tasting brussel sprouts, which were apparently not a hot favorite down on Earth, despite their high nutritional value. He had heard that many foods on Earth gave the most delightful taste sensations when placed in your mouth before they were transported around the body, but he had also heard the terrifying rumor that some foods were disgraceful as soon as they touched the lips. They made you want to puke. It sounded as though eating Earth food was a terrible risk.
Andie was quite happy to pop his capsule in and not have to worry about any nasty surprises teasing his tastebuds. In fact he wasn’t even sure if he had any tastebuds.
The other thing that amazed the moonboots off Andie was the human’s transportation devices, which were apparently called cars. They were so slow and so ancient, and they drove on hard surfaces that travelled along the Earth’s crust, called roads. It was so different to what Andie was used to. Everyone sped about space in high tech space mobiles and quite a bit faster than Earth’s transportation devices. There was no such thing as a road on Avateous. There was no need for one.
There was also something else on Earth that had wheels, and it was called a bike. These too were used by humans on the road and sometimes even off to the side of a road. But they were ever so slow, and it looked like hard work. It seemed as if the humans had to propel the machine by using their own energy to power the device. Andie thought it was very strange. What on earth would you use a bike for when you could ride in a car? The car seemed a lot easier.
Angus also showed Andie images of the human’s telecommunication devices. They were strange looking rectangular objects that they held up to their ear and seemed to speak into them. It looked so funny seeing a person talk into a small little box. Sometimes they would stare at these devices for lengthy periods of time and point their fingers at it as if they were poking at it constantly. 
When Andie wanted to communicate with his friends, he simply pressed a button on his wrist and his internal thoughts were transmitted to the receiver immediately. It was so much more efficient than carrying something around all over the place. Earth seemed to have some very odd pieces of equipment and strange habits Andie thought.
“Andie! Andie! Whatever are you doing?” said Andie’s mom who had been calling him for the last few minutes.
“Oh what? Sorry Mom. I was just day dreaming about life on Earth.”

“I’m so happy that Earth interests you, because that’s exactly where you will be going for your mission.”
Andie was shocked and speechless. Earth was exciting and interesting and glamorous, and he loved hearing all the stories about life there, from his elder brother.
BUT HE DIDN’T WANT TO GO THERE!

Chapter 2

Andie loved learning about other planets, especially Earth, as it had such a huge population of beautiful human creatures, as well as thousands of fluffy animal species as well; some not so fluffy also. In fact, he’d heard there were some very slimy creatures on Earth.

But there was no way he wanted to go there, not at the age of ten anyway. Earth was way too far away from his family, and too far away from his friends.  He’d get lonely and lost, and he wouldn’t know what to do, he wouldn’t even know how to communicate with the earthlings.
Unless……..
“Am I going to be an informant and work with Angus? Will I be like his apprentice? Are we going to live together in one of those informant shelters Angus talks about?” Andie thought he could handle Earth if he was going to be with his big brother to show him the way. 
“Ah maybe in a few years after you’ve completed your first set of missions. Being an alien informant takes a lot of study and a lot of hard work. Your brother went on many missions and worked many jobs while he studied for years to become an informant you know.”
“So what am I going to do, and who is going to come with me, you or Dad?”
Mama alien’s three eyes rolled back in her head, not knowing how to answer Andie. She started to worry that maybe her little alien wasn’t quite ready for the big, wide universe yet. 

“Andie,” she said slowly. “This is a mission that you do on your own. It is a very important mission and you are one of the chosen ones. Not just any young alien can do one of these missions. You are chosen from an early age by the leader of our government to do this job because of your exceptional memory skills, your high intelligence, your friendliness, and your analytical skills, just to name a few of your attributes. Dad and I are very proud of you. You should be very proud too.”
Andie was indeed very proud when he heard his mom speak of all the abilities he had, even though he didn’t know he had them. He wondered whether he was chosen for his courage and bravery skills as well, because right at that moment, he didn’t think he had any at all. The whole thought of leaving his home was exceptionally daunting.
“Can’t I be proud of myself, here, on Avateous?”
Mama Alien gave a gentle laugh. “We don’t make the choice Andie.”
“How long will I be gone for? Will I be able to come back at weekends?” he said hopefully, raising his fake eyebrows.
“You will be able to come back temporarily after the first mission is complete. Then you will be home for a while until the next mission. Don’t be afraid. It’s all part of growing up into an adult alien. It has to happen sooner or later.”
“I’d prefer if it happened later if you don’t mind. I’m only ten remember,” said Andie.
“Exactly,” replied his mother. “And that is when we aliens set out into the big wide cosmos on missions. Now are you ready?”
“What? Now? But, but….. I don’t know what I have to do to get ready. And I don’t know where I will stay on Earth. I don’t just want to hide in some corn field. It could be frightening down there. The earthlings could be scary.”
“Being frightened and anxious about something new and unknown is quite a natural emotion Andie. We’ve all felt it from time to time. But give those feelings a big hug and say to yourself, ‘It’s okay to be scared sometimes,’ but don’t let it stop you from going on adventures. Who knows, maybe the humans even get frightened of us aliens.”
Andie laughed at this absurd thought. “As if!” he said to his Mom. “We’re gentle and harmless.”
“Well we know that. But they don’t. Okay then love. You’d better take the tube downstairs quickly. There will be a space rocket picking you up soon.”
Andie was excited at the thought of riding in a space rocket. He was used to his parent’s space mobile, but he’d never been in a rocket before. 
“Oh Mom. You forgot to tell me where I’ll be staying. Is there an apartment place for aliens on Earth?”
His mom had to hold back a little laugh. “No dear,” she said. “It will all fall into place. You will have a host family whom you will stay with. Just be brave Andie. Have courage and treat everything as an adventure.”
“Ohhhh,” said Andie feeling a lot more relieved. “What are their names and where do they live? I do hope they’ll be nice to me.”
“Well, we don’t know that yet, do we?” his mom said with a smile. “It will all be up to you. But trust me, have faith and it will all fall into place.”
“There’s a lot we don’t seem to know,” Andie said, unable to muster any enthusiasm for his forthcoming adventure. He felt doubtful that he would have a good time, but he trusted his mom. 
He was about to jump into the outside shute and slide the pole all the way down the ten floors; something he wasn’t supposed to do, when he remembered one other important detail. “Just one small thing Mom.” 
“Yes Andie,” she said, looking at the time on her wrist screen.
“What exactly is my mission on Earth? I assume I have to do something important when I get there.”
“It will all become as clear as the galaxy when you get there, you’ll see.” Andie’s Mom’s eyebrows twitched when she spoke and Andie wasn’t sure what that meant. But it all sounded very top secret, and the more secretive his mom was about everything, the more it started to sound exciting, and the more important Andie felt his mission must be. Even though everything was as clear as mud to Andie, his nervousness didn’t stop him from being excited though.
Andie’s mom was slightly worried but she tried not to let it show. There was one small thing she’d forgotten to do and she hoped Andie wouldn’t suffer because of it, but she had a menacing feeling that he might.
“Now, there’s enough meal capsules to last a long time in your lunch bag. It’s better if you just stick with what you are used to and don’t be tempted into any human type food.”
“Ewgh! No way,” said Andie. “Their food looks too big. I don’t know how I would fit it in my compartment.”
“Exactly Andie. Just don’t be tempted by the smell.”
Andie was confused. He didn’t realize food could smell. But he didn’t have time to think about it, because his mom was giving him a big hug and ushering him towards the landing where he would take the tube down to the bottom floor.
“Can I ride the pole one last time please Mom?” said Andie, who knew he wasn’t really supposed to.
Mama Alien’s frown turned into a smile as she relented. “Alright then, but be careful, and hurry. Your ride will be here soon. Oh and the leader’s name is Captain Sir Andre Augustus Antony Apollo Andronomite. Make sure you don’t get in with any other strangers. We must remember our stranger danger rules. And make sure you brush your teeth at night, and always be kind, and make sure…….……” 
“Sure thing Mom,” interrupted Andie, kissing her one more time and trying to say the captain’s name as he left so he wouldn’t forget it. “Sir captain……no hang on, Captain Sir….Andrew…Ag…..Captain Agro Antonio dynamite….no that can’t be right. It doesn’t start with an A.” All the aliens on Planet Avateous had names starting with A, even though they all looked very different. Some had two eyes, some had five, some had no ears, and some had ten. Some of the aliens could almost pass as humans, but others looked as scary as monsters. Many were short, but the odd few were gigantic. 
But they all had one thing in common, apart from the fact that their names all started with A. They were all very kind aliens and they didn’t care what anyone looked like. The words ugly and mean weren’t even in their dictionary, because they didn’t exist. They were all equally beautiful inside and out, even the little creatures that scurried around everywhere. 

Instead of hopping into the elevator tube, Andie climbed outside through a vent onto the landing and grabbed hold of a long pipe that travelled the whole ten stories of their house. 
“Don’t forget, be brave. You’ve got this!” Andie’s mom called out.
“Weeeeeeeeeeeeheeeeeeeeeeeeee,” he screamed, as he zipped towards the bottom, holding on for dear life. No sooner had he reached the bottom floor and stepped onto the landing, a smallish space mobile arrived. It didn’t look any more exciting than the space mobiles that took him to school. He was very disappointed indeed, until he realized that it probably wasn’t for him. He was expecting something far more exciting and high tech to take him down to earth.
An elderly looking alien with tufts of fuzzy grey hair and googly eyeballs put his head out through the front window as the space craft hovered in space. Andie couldn’t help notice he had very pointy ears poking out from under his hair.

 “Get in Andie. We’re running late,” the older alien said from behind a bushy moustache that almost covered his whole face.
Andie did as he was asked, but not before asking the man for his name. Andie always had it drummed into him, not to get into any transportation devices with strangers, unless he knew exactly who they were.
The leader looked offended when questioned, but gave Andie his full name anyway.
“My name is Captain Sir Andre Augustus Antony Apollo Andronomite, which is a bit of a mouthful for trainees to remember, so you may call me Sir Antony for short.” 
“Thank Goodness,” Andie said under his breath.
“What did you say? Speak up boy.”
“Oh! Did I say that out loud?” Andie had a habit of saying his thoughts out loud, and sometimes it got him into trouble. “I said goodness that’s a good name.”
“No cheek now thankyou. Hurry up. We haven’t got time to hover out here and shoot the breeze.”
Andie felt his cheeks go warm. He hadn’t even boarded the space mobile and already he’d made a mistake. He felt his legs start to give way beneath him, but he remembered his mom’s words, ‘be brave,’ and he stepped aboard.
Andie got in expecting to see an empty space mobile, but instead, was surprised to see about another eight or nine other young aliens around his age, mostly boys, but a few girls too, sitting in seats. They all stared at him as he made his way up the aisle. All of a sudden Andie felt nervous again, but he remembered his mom’s words about saying it was okay to feel nervous, and to embrace it and make it an adventure. He smiled at the boys and girls as he walked up to where there was a spare seat.
He’d barely had time to say hi to the boy who beckoned him to sit in the seat next to him, when he felt the craft stop to a screaming halt. 
“Are we here already?” Andie said to the boy. “Surely it would take longer than that to get to Earth in this thing.”
The boy burst out laughing much to Andie’s embarrassment.
“We’re just at the lecture compound for our education on Earth, and to find out what the mission is. Didn’t anybody tell you that’s where we would be going first?”
“No,” Andie said, quietly. “They did not.” Andie suddenly felt stupid, but he soon forgot his emotions when the door slid quickly open and they were ushered out to a very bright room, enclosed by four stark white walls. The room was empty except for a big screen on the furthest wall. The image projected onto the screen was of the earth orbiting on its axis, and the sound of atmospheric science fiction music seemed to be coming from every corner of the white room. It was deafening.
When they were all out, the space mobile sped off and the aliens were left gazing at each other, wondering what to do, until a loud voice boomed through unseen speakers.
“Please take a seat.” 
Andie looked around the room, not sure of what they were supposed to sit on. Immediately ten seats dropped from above and became suspended in the air, just low enough for the young aliens to sit on. As soon as they were all seated, a documentary about Earth began on the screen.
 The loud voice boomed out in surround sound, but there was not a speaker to be seen. Just white walls surrounding a very big room. Andie started to get excited. They were about to find out what their mission was.

Chapter 3

They couldn’t see where it was coming from, but they heard the commanding voice, loud and clear, and the aliens listened intently with keen interest to every word.

“Earth is the third planet from the Sun and the fifth largest planet of the Solar System, but the largest terrestrial planet. Terrestrial planets consist mainly of silicate rocks or metals, and have a hard surface. Mercury, Venus, and Mars are also terrestrial planets.  
Earth revolves around the Sun every 365 days, with its average distance being 149 million kilometres away from the hot star. In astronomy, this is one astronomical unit, or approximately eight light minutes.
It is thought that Earth is around 4.5 billion years old and was formed at around the same time as the rest of the Solar System.
Earth is inhabited by very complex creatures called human beings, or earthlings. There are nearly eight billion of these species roaming the Earth. 

Most earthlings live very elaborate and comfortable lives because of advancements in technology over the last hundred or so years. 
In the modern world, earthlings have many expensive luxuries such as heating and cooling systems that use large amounts of electricity.  They use cooking appliances such as ovens, gas burners, stoves, BBQ’s, microwaves and fryers, even popcorn makers, not to mention other household appliances like fridges, freezers and dryers. All these things require electrical energy also. 

Their leisure and entertainment activities also burn a lot of energy too, with high tech entertainment and communication systems including smart phones, video games, computers, TV’s and movies, all used on a daily basis. They all require electricity.
Earthlings travel long distances for daily activities as well as for recreational holidays, using a variety of transportation modes, burning up massive amounts of fuel.
They buy enormous amounts of convenience foods that require excessive packaging and electricity to produce, and transportation to deliver. They consume and use fresh water without restriction, and they manufacture clothes and material goods to sell, for people to buy and throw out without a thought to the impact it has on the environment.
All these human activities require resources. These resources and others don’t just appear on Earth by magic. Electricity doesn’t just appear out of thin air. Fresh water doesn’t just arrive at the houses by a magic carpet.  They are resources that require energy, work and processes so Earthlings can use them.

There are two problems that present themselves with these resources.
1. The energy required for these resources will run out in the future. This is not sustainable.
2. The second problem is that a lot of the fuels used for energy are polluting Earth’s atmosphere.
This means that Earthlings are not creating a sustainable future to ensure that future generations of Earthlings will have the same enjoyable lifestyle as they do. To help change this gloomy outlook, Earthlings will need this thing called ‘sustainability’ in most areas of their lives. Sustainability looks at ways of making sure that resources last a very long time or even forever. It also looks at ways of using resources that don’t create too much pollution. 
Fortunately, Earth is slowly beginning to replace some of these old resources with some that may easily be replaced or will never run out. This is sustainability and it is a very good thing.
Sustainability is one of the puzzles that scientists and governments on Earth are working together to solve today, to create a better future tomorrow. 
But it’s not enough. We on planet Avateous need to help them create sustainability, for two reasons. One - for intergalactic relations and comradeship, it is our duty to serve others in the solar system, and two - if Earth can’t create their own sustainability and they discover our planet, they may request resources from us, or worse, they may invade our planet, and activate a takeover to steal resources. But Avateous does not have enough resources to serve two planets forever.

More people on Earth need to become more aware of sustainability and its benefits. We can help them do this. 
But for now, let us look at some of the major environmental problems Earth is facing that are caused by increased populations of earthlings, and their increased activity over the last one hundred and fifty years which contributes to an unsustainable future.
Energy
Basically everything humans do uses energy. They need it for lights, ovens, microwaves, refrigerators, hot water, heating, cooling, cars, trucks, planes, video gaming, television and lots more. But the problem as we have learnt is, it won’t last!
At the moment, Earth’s electricity supply mostly relies on fossil fuels (coal, oil and gas). Fossil fuels come from plant and animal remains buried in Earth’s crust from millions of years ago, even before dinosaurs roamed their planet. 

Fossil fuels will run out eventually, so they are not renewable sources of energy. Renewable or alternative energy sources are energy sources that won't ever run out. Not now, not tomorrow, not even a million years from now! They are better for Earth’s environment and can also be more reliable and cheaper than fossil fuels.
A lot of renewable energy sources are related to the weather, like solar energy from the sun and wind, and earthlings are finally starting to discover these technologies.

The other problem with Earth’s current electricity supply is that when fossil fuels are burned, pollution is formed and it contributes to global warming. More about this in a moment.
Up until about 150 years ago, human activity did not need to burn these fuels for their daily living. The air was pure and clean. Then people started building factories. These factories, and many of the things they made, like cars, trucks and appliances, put a lot of harmful gases, called greenhouse gases, into the air, causing pollution. 
Forests were cleared to make way for these factories as well as cities, farms and housing. This is called Deforestation.
These modern inventions demand energy and lots of it. Burning fossil fuels, (coal, oil, and natural gas) to produce this energy releases greenhouse gases causing a greenhouse effect, trapping in heat and warming the Earth’s temperature. This contributes to global warming or climate change; another of Earth’s environmental problems. 
Climate Change
The Earth is surrounded by a blanket of gases that acts like a greenhouse. It lets the sun’s heat in, and traps the warmth in like a blanket, close to the earth. A certain amount is good as it stops Earth from freezing over,
BUT
Factories, electric power plants, and transportation machines are putting too much of one of these greenhouse gases, (carbon dioxide) into the air. When people drive a car, or operate a factory, or machinery, they put these harmful gases into the air, and leave what’s known as a carbon footprint on the Earth’s atmosphere. 

Many scientists believe this extra layer of carbon dioxide, or CO2 as it is known, is changing the planet’s climate because the blanket is holding in too much heat. This is global warming or climate change.

The global temperature has increased by about 1°C in the last 100 years on Earth. Even small changes of the planet's average temperature can have a large negative impact on the environment.
Changing weather conditions can cause extreme weather events like volcanos, tsunamis, earthquakes and increased wildfires. If the Earth’s temperature gets hotter by just a few degrees, polar ice can melt, raising the level of the ocean and increasing its temperature. When the ocean warms up, marine life can suffer or die.

This brings us to another one of earth’s environmental problems.
Agriculture & Deforestation
As Earth’s population increases, there is a huge loss of trees and rainforests in order to make space for factories, housing and other industrial and commercial projects. This is deforestation and it is not good for their environment. It removes animals from their natural habitat, and trees and plants also suffer.

Trees and plants not only give Earthlings food and medicines, but they actually help suck up the bad greenhouse gases, CO2, as well as produce life-giving oxygen, which people use to breathe, so less trees on Earth is not good. A fully grown tree can actually provide enough oxygen in a year for two earthlings.
Approximately 83% of earth's land surface has been affected by human activity, threatening plant and animal species. Deforestation has a bad effect on Earth’s biodiversity. 

Biodiversity 
Biodiversity is the variety and balance of living things in a given place. Every living thing on Earth depends on each other; plants, animals and humans. If one suffers, then the rest will suffer. As an example, there is currently a threat to bee populations all over the world. Bees are very important to the food cycle on Earth. Bees do something called “pollination” which helps plants reproduce. 
Another very concerning problem on Earth is -
The overuse of plastics
Earthlings use so much plastic. Plastic is made from oil in polluting factories and, as we know, oil will run out eventually. Plastic also takes thousands of years to break down which does harm to the environment all over the world, in landfill and in the oceans – harming the ocean life. Marine creatures are getting tangled and injured, and are swallowing plastic which poisons them. About eight million tonnes of plastic is dumped in the ocean each year. There will be more plastic in Earth’s oceans than fish by 2050.

This brings us to another problem, Waste.
Waste 
Waste is a huge problem on Earth.
An extreme amount of waste is produced and dumped in the oceans on Earth. Nuclear waste, plastic waste, electronic waste and even food waste.  The world has improved how much trash they send to recycling but much more needs to be done. There is still 21.5 million tons of food wasted each year on Earth. That’s about the size of four million elephants. 

If they practiced composting that amount of food, it would have the same effect to their environment as removing two million cars off the highway. Waste that cannot be recycled goes into landfill sites. Landfill creates problems such as greenhouse gas emissions, and reduced land space for other beneficial uses. Trying to change what they make plastic from is just one of the problems Earthlings face with waste. Packaging and containers need to be made from recyclable materials, so they can be reused or melted down to make new things, and not made of things like plastic that aren’t biodegradable (don’t break down).

Another resource that is also wasted a lot on Earth is
Water 
The planet Earth is made up of mostly water, including underground sources. The largest body of water on Earth is the oceans, and then the lakes, rivers and streams. All life on Earth, from the smallest zooplankton to the biggest whale depends on water. 

Earthlings need water to drink, wash, cook, and for industrial and recreational activities also. But they are not doing a very good job of keeping it clean. In many places, the water has become polluted. Rivers and lakes are polluted by garbage or by poisonous chemicals and gases that are dumped into them. The oceans are getting very polluted too, because they have been a dumping ground for chemicals and garbage waste for a long time. 
Harmful liquids like gasoline can seep into the ground and pollute underground water as well. And some farming chemicals can also leak through the dirt into underground water, causing pollution. 
Water is a precious resource on Earth and earthlings need help in learning to conserve it and not waste it. The processing of clean water and transportation to where it is needed also uses up energy sources, adding to pollution.
Overpopulation
All these problems are worse because there are many more people on Planet Earth than there used to be, and they are using, and needing more of everything. They are cutting down more forests to make way for more farming land, burning more fossil fuels, needing more food, and wasting more water.
Things are running out!
These are the main environmental concerns the world is currently facing, and it is the mission of the aliens of Avateous to try and help the humans change their attitudes and behaviors to create a more sustainable future for themselves, before it is too late. 
We can help by teaching their children what they can do to help their future, because it is the children of today that will face many problems in the future if something doesn’t change NOW!
This is where you warriors are needed.
The future of their planet is in your hands.


Chapter 4

There was a sudden silence and the aliens all looked around at each other, waiting for something to happen, wondering if the documentary had finished. They all realized how important the information they were hearing was. Earth had always seemed like an exciting planet to visit, but now they understood it was in trouble and there was a lot they could do to help. 

Andie was also terrified at the prospect that Earthlings might attack his planet to get the necessary resources for their survival. All of a sudden he wasn’t sure that he wanted to go to Earth anymore, and be amongst Earthlings if they were capable of invasion and attack. But he was too shy to tell anyone his fears.
Suddenly, the voice of the documentary began again.

“The governments of every country on Earth need to come together, make a plan and commit to change, to tackle their environmental problems. But we can help them by creating awareness in the young earthlings. 
One person can’t fix the world’s problems, but one person can start to make a difference. It takes lots of people working together to make change happen.
There are hundreds of things we can teach the earthlings to do, so they can start making a difference, and in turn, they can teach someone, and someone else and so on. Awareness is key.
It will be our mission over the next decade and beyond, to start creating that awareness, one person at a time, one mission at a time.
Remember, we’ve got their whole world in our hands.”

“A decade is a long time,” said a boy sitting next to Andie.
“Yes, it’s exactly ten years,” said a very small alien girl. “But please be quiet, I’m listening and I don’t want to miss out on anything,” she said politely.
The boy’s face went green as the voice in the documentary kept talking, sparking their interest even more when the word superpower was mentioned.

“You will be given one super power, and you are to use it wisely to aid in your duty to help save planet Earth. Do not overuse this power, or its energy supply may run out before you have completed your mission, and that may happen at the most inconvenient or dangerous time if you’re not careful.”
“I wonder when we find out what our superpower is?” said the small alien girl. Andie thought she looked about the size of an infant, and was quite surprised she had been chosen to go on such a big mission to Earth. But he knew you couldn’t judge a creature or a person by their size. You never knew what talents or skills they had.
Much to the small alien’s surprise, the voice in the documentary answered her question immediately. 
“Good question,” came the reply. “Your superpower will be revealed to you when you arrive at your destination. It will be programmed into your central data retrieval system as soon as you touch down. It can not be encoded until you arrive.”
Andie was very excited. He’d never had a super power before. He wondered what it could be. He thought about some of the superheroes that existed through time. He might be able to fly without wings or a motor, like Superman. 

He would love to be able to read other creature’s thoughts without them knowing, or turn himself into a cage of steel in the face of an attacker. He would be thrilled if he could shoot fatal spider webs at an evil enemy, and climb up a building with a quick flick of a web, spun from his wrist like Spiderman. And he always wished he had telescopic vision and could see as far as the neighboring planets. But Andie thought he would even be satisfied to be able to control the weather and turn everything into ice. Sometimes it got unbearably hot on Avateous because they were so close to the sun.
Andie was so excited about gaining a superpower and all the interesting information he had received about Earth, that for a moment, he forgot to be nervous about the big journey. 

“Now, your mission this trip will be to help the earthlings stop wasting one of the most powerful resources on Earth. There’s roughly 326 million trillion gallons of the stuff there, but 97.5 percent of that is comprised of salt and can’t be used. Can anyone tell me what I’m talking about?”
Andie couldn’t stop himself from calling out excitedly, “Water!”
“Yes I’m talking about water. All life depends on it, and humans are wasting it. And one day, if Earthlings aren’t more careful, it might run out. It is up to you to show them how to save it. That is your mission for this period. Now please exit the building. Your mission awaits.”
As soon as the sound disappeared from the documentary, the screen withdrew into the ceiling, out of sight, and the back wall of the building retracted into the air with an almighty swishing sound. The open air greeted them with a hot gush of wind, almost sucking them out. Andie didn’t recognize the area they were in, but there was a lot of commotion going on; space shuttles and taxi mobiles flying past, creatures with backpacks on their back, zipping all over the place. They were all travelling so fast, he could barely make them out. 

All of a sudden, a loud whooshing sound penetrated the atmosphere and a very impressive space rocket came to a sudden halt and hovered right in front of them. The side door retracted up and Sir Antony appeared at the front. “All aboard,” he said to the pupils. “Everyone bound for Earth, all aboard,” he repeated.
The young aliens hurried on board the shuttle and moments later they were zipping off into outer space, Earth bound. Andie was so excited. The space rocket was super cool and he was travelling with some new friends who all seemed to be really nice alien kids.

He started to feel really excited about going on a mission with other kids. ‘Adventures are far more fun with friends,’ Andie thought to himself.
 As they soared through the solar system, Sir Antony pointed out various planets through the side windows. The space ship was on auto pilot so Sir Antony could sit back and continue teaching the little aliens more about Earth and some of the nearby planets. 
Their planet was close to the sun so as they ventured past Mercury and Venus to get to earth, it became cooler even though the rocket had an inbuilt thermostat. Andie knew the order of the planets very well. He studied it at school in the subject ‘Planetary systems’ and got straight A’s.
He knew that after Earth came Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune, then Pluto.
Jupiter is the biggest planet in terms of size, then Saturn, and Uranus. Avateous was just like a pin head in size in comparison to those big planets. It certainly was going to be interesting going to a planet as ginormous as Earth, Andie thought to himself.

It took quite a long time to get to Earth, but Andie wasn’t really sure exactly how long. On his planet they didn’t count the hours, and because he lived so close to the sun, they had many hours of daylight; far more than Earthlings. But when they got close to Earth, he realized it was very dark outside.
“How are we going to know where we are going? It’s so dark out there,” said the same little girl, who had asked A LOT of questions during their trip. Andie found out her name was Ariana.

“It would be impossible for us to arrive in daylight,” said Sir Antony. “Can you imagine the town’s people if we landed in the middle of the main street during daylight hours. We’d be shipped off to the closest science laboratory for experimentation and cut up for testing before you could say ‘we come in peace.’
This frightened Andie very much, for he definitely did not feel like being cut up, for testing or otherwise. He was on a mission; he couldn’t complete his mission if he was in pieces.
“Right, we are coming in for landing very soon,” commanded Sir Antony. “First departure is commando Aldo. You will be getting off here.”
 A sprightly looking alien with four eyes and seven ears came bounding up to the door and waited dutifully.

Andie was puzzled as to why this boy had to leave alone. He even felt sorry for him.
The door to the rocket ship slowly retracted and Andie could see dull lights dotted all over the country side, intermingled with vast patches of darkened areas directly below them. They were obviously nowhere close to the ground but the rocket ship seemed to be hovering in the air.
The boy stood in the open doorway, and suddenly, a bright blue beam extended down towards the earth, enclosing the boy. When the light disappeared, the boy had gone and the door shut without a sound as the rocket ship took off into the air again. 
The next time when it slowed to a hover, Sir Antony called for Ariana, and the little alien girl with the red hair, who asked all the questions, crept up to the doorway and waited for it to open. Again, a bright blue shaft of light beamed down and scooped up the girl as it shone all the way to the ground. And when the light disappeared, she was gone.
“Phewwww!” said Sir Antony. “She asks too many questions.”
“You’re next,” he said, pointing to Andie.
“Me?” Andie was immediately petrified. He’d only just got his head around going to Earth. Now he was finding out, he had to go alone. All of a sudden, he wanted to go back home.
AGAIN!!

Chapter 5

Andie stood in front of the captain when he was beckoned.
“But, but…but……..,” Andie began to stutter as his nerves resurfaced again. “Aren’t we all ……st….st….staying together?”
Sir Antony looked at him blankly then laughed. “Of course not. That would be useless. We have to help as many Earthlings far and wide, all across the world, spread the message of how to save their planet. Earth is a huge place. There is no point us all being crammed into one tiny corner, when we can be spread everywhere. Didn’t your parents go to the meeting to get you ready for this mission?”
Andie’s eyes popped out in surprise. That was the first he had heard of any meeting. “Ahhh…..I guess not,” he said. “Maybe my mom forgot. She’s a very busy alien.” Andie was so disappointed at the thought of arriving on Earth by himself. He’d started to get excited about being with the others while they undertook their mission. Doing it alone was a completely different story; a scary story! A HORROR STORY in fact.
“You have a very important job young man. Don’t get all pathetic and wussy on me now. The world is counting on you to help reduce the carbon footprint.”
“Yes Sir,” said Andie, suddenly feeling very proud and important.
“Now stand in the door way.”
“Yes Sir.”
“And don’t forget to be in precisely the same spot that you land, in exactly one week’s time, otherwise you will miss your journey back home, and I don’t know what will become of you if that happens. You’ll probably get cut up by the authorities.”
“Yes Sir,” said Andie, feeling his legs start to wobble again.
The doorway retracted and blue rays of light shone vibrantly down on Andie, and continued through his body toward the ground in a beautiful cylindrical shape. It was hot and Andie felt a warm buzzing sensation all through his body. For a moment he couldn’t see anything. Despite the brightness of the beam, everything appeared black for a moment.
THUD!
Almost immediately Andie felt himself making contact with something hard and spikey, and it wasn’t as exciting as he thought it was going to be. In fact, it was very painful when he found himself falling out of a cherry tree and onto the hard ground.
He picked himself up and tried to make out his surroundings. The small amount of light that shone from the moon allowed him to see the outline of what seemed to be hundreds of trees all standing in a row, and he was right in the middle. He’d learnt a little about trees in the lessons, and how forests were in danger of being cut down which can cause a lot of environmental problems on Earth.
He started to panic because he didn’t know where to go or how he would get out of the forest. Everywhere he looked seemed to be a dense wall of trees surrounding him. There wasn’t a sound to be heard except for the soft wind rustling the leaves as if they were chatting together. Andie didn’t know a great deal about trees because there weren’t any on Avateous. He only knew about deforestation from the Earth studies. ‘Who knows, maybe they talk to each other’, Andie thought. Maybe they were laughing at him.
All of a sudden, a shrill, cackling sound could be heard in the distance, and Andie’s knees wobbled in fear. There were no trees or animals on his planet. There were only little robotic creatures that scurried around, but they were not animals. 

But from what he had learned from studying life on earth, he decided that it sounded like a wild animal. And he knew from his studies, wild animals weren’t all that friendly, so his skinny little legs began to run. He didn’t know where he was running too, only that he was running away from the sound.
But then the high pitched noise seemed to echo through the forest, and every direction he ran, the ear piercing noise seemed to be ahead of him, taunting him with every step.
Out of the corner of his eyes, he saw a flash of something brush past a tree, and then, just as he was trying to get a grip on his breathing, that ‘something’ pounced out in front of him, standing on four legs, crouching down and baring its razor sharp teeth at him. Andie had never seen an animal’s teeth before, but these ones that were glistening at him in the most evil of ways, were pretty scary.
It looked like a wolf or a hyena. Maybe it was only a harmless house dog.  Andie wasn’t sure, but he didn’t want to stick around to make introductions and find out. 

He tried to run the opposite direction but the beast was too quick for him, and it circled around the trees until it was in front of Andie again. Or was it a different one? Andie was petrified. This wasn’t what coming to Earth on a mission was supposed to be about. He was supposed to be the strong one, saving Earth, not the meek and timid alien who was eaten by a dog.
He puffed out his chest and stood up tall, and thought really courageous thoughts to himself. Then he remembered his superpower just at the right time, as the creature stalked towards him. He hoped his superpower would be something to get him out of this crazy situation. He pressed the digital button on his wrist and immediately accepted his superpower of becoming invisible. It wasn’t quite the powerful and exciting superpower he had hoped for, but it was just perfect for the situation he found himself in, so he pushed another button, and immediately he couldn’t see his limbs or anything as he held them up to his eyes.
He could still see the creature who had changed his vicious expression to one of confusion. It stalked around, sniffing the air and whining, before running off.
Andie felt his heart beat slowing down and he continued on his way through the dark forest.
Finally, he saw a shimmer of light slipping in between the trees. Light seemed to be a safe source. He preferred light to darkness. Earth seemed to be a very dark place to Andie.
He ran and ran, following the ray of light, until he got to the outer edge of the forest. In the distance he could see some sort of ancient looking structure made of bricks with glass squares embedded in its walls. It had a roof that slanted downwards covering the configuration. He had read about these structures before. They were called houses.

 And next to that house was another house, completely in darkness. As he looked further along he could see more of them, all lined up in a straight row. Some of them had light emitting from the glass panels and some of them were in total darkness. But only one of them had light shining out onto the front landing, spilling into the garden, so he decided that would be the one to approach, so he could see what he was doing.
He certainly didn’t want to stay outside; it was far too cold for him and far too scary. But he remembered his mother’s words, ‘be brave, it’s an adventure.’ A pretty scary and hairy adventure that was for sure, he thought.
As he entered the yard, he tiptoed behind bushes, so he couldn’t be seen by any other vicious creatures. He really wasn’t in the mood to be anyone’s dinner. Not when he’d just arrived on Earth. There were far more important things to do.
He glanced up at the house next door; the one that was in darkness, and noticed, by the light of the moon, that there were panels on the roof, lining the surface. 
“Good job,” he said to himself, congratulating the owners. He knew exactly what they were; solar panels. He’d learnt about them in school and during Sir Antony’s education. Solar panels helped people make energy from the natural source of the sun. It was not only cheaper for the owners, but it created less of a carbon footprint on the earth, by using less electricity. They were also being very conservative by having the house in complete darkness at night, not like the house he was approaching. They had lights left on everywhere, burning up a lot of unnecessary energy.
As he tiptoed through the yard, he shook his head at a leaking hose, which was making a muddy puddle underneath. He controlled the desire to jump in and squish the mud between his toes, but instead, twisted the faucet off with his thin, but powerful wrist, and the drip dried up instantly. 
“Wasting water,” he said, shaking his head to himself. “This house really needs a lot of help.” He knew that even a slowly dripping faucet could waste up to 20,000 litres of water a year.
He found an opening through a square glass pain and twisted his body up onto the ledge, before jumping quietly inside. Immediately he felt comforted by the warmth of the room. It reminded him of home. Being so close to the sun, his planet was hot for four seasons. In fact, it didn’t have four seasons. It only had one. SUMMER!
He started to creep around the room, looking at all the furniture and coverings. Long pieces of material with soccer balls printed over them, hung from the windows, flapping in the breeze. There was a desk in the corner with a chair behind it, and a cupboard fixed against the opposite wall, next to a bookshelf. On the bookshelf, there were trophies, an assortment of gadgets and books, as well as three soccer balls. Andie wished he knew how to play real life soccer, but there were no fields where he came from, and it would be too dangerous playing ball out amongst all the space mobiles. 
There were pieces of clothing strewn messily across the floor hiding all the carpet. Andie laughed when he thought how his mom would react. She would be horrified. In fact she would be doubly horrified. This room made Andie look like a neat freak, which is one thing he definitely wasn’t.
In the far corner of the room, he could make out a long piece of furniture that nearly ran the length of the wall. It wasn’t very high but it looked extremely comfortable and cosy. It made Andie realize that he was very tired after his long journey to Earth. Normally when he was tired he would go to his sleeping compartment where he stood for two hours and had a power nap, but this piece of equipment looked far more comfortable than his.
So he climbed on top. It felt soft but lumpy in places and then he realized it had a cosy type of warm covering over the top which seemed very inviting. As he pulled the covering down, he felt it move.
And then he saw it.
It was a face
And attached to the face was a neck.
And attached to the neck was a body.
A HUMAN body!

Chapter 6 

Andie stared at the earthling hiding under the cover.
“AGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH,” said Andie.
“EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK!” screamed the human.
Andie immediately remembered his super power. He switched it on and jumped off the bed. He was invisible again thank goodness. 
The human looked bewildered. As he looked around the room, he rubbed his eyes, and then opened them again.
“I must have been dreaming,” he said. He got up and ran to the open window and closed it. His teeth were chattering and his knobbly knees were knocking together as he scuttled across the room and back into bed.
Andie crouched in the corner. He could feel his knees knocking together too. He was so frightened the human might want to eat him if he saw him again, so he kept his invisibility going. He wasn’t really sure how long it lasted in one session. He just wanted to get out of that room and run away, but the thought of going back outside into the wilderness with the savage animals was even more frightening.
Andie was so confused, he didn’t know what to do.
“Be brave. It’s an adventure. You can do it,” he said, inside his head.
 He saw another light shining from under the door, so he thought he might escape towards that, but just as he got up from his crouched position, his wobbly knee kicked a chair leg and it moved, making a screeching sound along the floor.
The earthling gasped and sat up in bed, terror across his face.
“Who’s there?” he stuttered.
Andie sat motionless. Why did he come inside the house? Why couldn’t he have stayed outside in the forest with the beasts? That seemed less frightening.
All of a sudden, Andie could see his limbs coming into view again. He was losing his invisible power already. Much to his horror, it didn’t last very long at all. He looked at the boy to see whether he had noticed.
“AGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!” screamed the boy.
YEP! He’d definitely noticed.
“AGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!” screamed Andie again, fidgeting for the invisible power button, just as the door swung open wildly and a bigger looking human wearing a fluffy cape and green stuff all over her face came in. She looked more like an alien than a human Andie thought. Thank goodness his invisibility returned. The big human looked pretty scary.

“What’s wrong Ryan?” said the alien lookalike. “Why are you screaming?”
“There’s a…… there’s a………..” Ryan was blubbing and he couldn’t get the words out.
“SSHHHHHH,” said the big human. “You’ve just had a bad dream. See, there’s nothing around. You know you shouldn’t play those scary computer games. They give you nightmares.”
“There was a monster in my room. It looked like an alien from outer space and it was wearing pink boots.” Andie looked down at his feet, even though he couldn’t see them. He was confused. He wasn’t wearing pink boots. That would be the last thing he would wear.
“Now now, you know there are no such things as aliens or monsters. We’ve had this chat many times before, so you know it must have been a nightmare,” the human soothed as she embraced him close to her chest, stroking his hair. “Lie back down and go to sleep.”
“Can’t I sleep in your bed Mom?”
“No dear. You’re ten. Ten year old boys don’t sleep in their parent’s bed. Now get some rest. Good night. We’re just down the hall.”
“Can you check in my cupboard?”
“Ryan, the only monster in your cupboard is the monster of a mess in there, and you’ve only got yourself to blame for that. Good night darling.”

“Can you leave the light on please?”
Ryan’s mom sighed. “Okay. But we don’t want to make a habit of this Ryan.”
Andie cringed at the thought of another light left on all night, burning up unnecessary energy. There already seemed to be quite a few lights left on in this house. He could see why this was the first house he landed near. They needed his help big time.
As soon as the mother human had left, Andie tiptoed out from the corner. He realized after watching the little boy talk to his mother that he wasn’t in any danger. The little boy was as frightened as he was, and he didn’t seem to have any savage teeth or razor sharp claws that could rip Andie apart. And despite her scary appearance, the mother earthling seemed to be a very loving creature too.
And besides, it looked like a nice, cosy room where Andie could feel quite comfortable staying for a while, so he had to somehow find a way to befriend the boy. He could feel his invisibility leaving him again so it was a good time to make his acquaintance, before the human started screaming again.
Ryan had snuggled back down under his bedding, obviously trying to shut out any monsters that might be hanging around in his bedroom. It was a little bit inconvenient for Andie, because he couldn’t seem to get Ryan’s attention without making a scene.
He tiptoed over to the bed and peered over the top of the blankets, wondering what to do, as he watched the rise and fall of the covers caused by the little boy breathing rapidly.
All of a sudden, the covers flapped back, and Andie and Ryan’s terrified eyes locked together before Ryan let out a huge scream again.
This time Andie decided not to use his invisibility power. He didn’t want to waste it if he didn’t have to. Instead, he reached his arm across the bed and cupped his hand over Ryan’s mouth, stifling the scream.
All that could be heard was muffled garble coming from Ryan. Andie had all the control. He had to act quickly.
“I come in peace,” he said, just as Sir Antony had told him to say. “Have no fear earthling. I am here to help save you and your planet.”
Ryan stopped trying to scream for a moment. His eyebrows furrowed into a puzzled line.
“I am your friend,” said Andie. There was no resistance from Ryan, so Andie carefully took his hand away from Ryan’s mouth.
Ryan opened his mouth to scream again, but Andie spoke quickly before any noise came out of Ryan’s mouth.
“I will not hurt you. Please believe me. I am harmless. I am here to save you and your planet.”
“B….b……but…. but h…..how will you save my planet?” Ryan stuttered. “Why do we need saving?”
Andie rolled his eyes. “Boy! Where do I start? Apart from the fact you do not have world peace, and there are numerous wars going on right now as we speak, not to mention a worldwide health pandemic that’s caused an unbelievable shortage in toilet paper, there is so much going on with your environment causing pollution and climate change and biodiversity and deforestation, right before our very eyes, and it’s not only affecting your planet, but it’s affecting ours too. Our fireman are sick of having to put out fires down here on earth because of the hotter temperatures and harsh weather events you guys are creating.” Andie was proud of all the big words he was using, but the human just looked puzzled.
“S….s….so how can you save us? I don’t even know what any of those words mean.”
“Well I can’t exactly save you, so to speak, but I can help you make a start to save yourself, and then you can help others around you. Everyone needs to do their own little bit. It doesn’t matter how small, it’s still a contribution.”
“Okay,” Ryan said slowly, not knowing whether to trust the odd looking creature. There was something about him that didn’t frighten Ryan anymore. Maybe it was his gentle face and his slow blinking eyes. “So…….. You’re not a monster?”
“Don’t be silly Ryan.” Andie almost laughed. “Do you mind if I call you Ryan? There are no such things as monsters. I even heard your mama tell you that.”
“But she’s only saying that to make me feel better………..I think.”
Andie laughed. “Now you’re really being silly Ryan.” He chuckled to himself again. “Moms and Dads don’t lie to us. There’s no such thing as monsters. I know that for a fact.”
“How do you know?”
“I just do,” answered Andie.
“But why?”
“Why what?”
“Why do you think there are no monsters?” asked Ryan.
“You ask too many questions kid.”
“I’m a kid. It’s my job.”
“Well I’m a kid too. So I shouldn’t be expected to answer tough questions,” answered Andie.
“Then how are you going to save the planet if you’re just a kid?”
“Because even kids can do their own little bit to contribute. Okay enough of the small talk. We need to get some rest. It’s going to be a big day tomorrow. Do you mind if I jump on up here and bunk down with you? I need my rest after the big trip here, and a couple of hairy moments when I arrived. And I mean literally hairy.”
Ryan was a little taken aback at the sight of the squirmy alien bunking down in his bed, but Ryan was a pretty cool dude so he rolled with it. “Where did you come from?” he asked, not wanting to go to sleep just yet. I mean, it wasn’t every night you found yourself snuggling up next to a friendly alien. He wanted it to last forever.
“My home of course.”
“Which is where?”
“Planet Avateous.”
“Wow! I haven’t heard of that planet. That must have taken you a long time. Is it in this solar system?”
“Yes it is and yeah it did. What year are we in?”
“2021.”
“Thank the stars. I thought I’d lost a year. Now can we get some sleep?”
“Did you come in a rocket ship or a space ship?”
“No I caught an uber.”
Ryan’s eager face went blank. He didn’t know whether to believe the alien or not.
“Of course I came in a rocket ship.”
“Oh! Did you drive it?”
“No the leader did. Now get some sleep.”
No matter how many times Andie begged Ryan to get some sleep, Ryan had another question for him, and the boys ended up talking almost all of the night. Andie explained to Ryan about all the problems of the world that were leading to climate change and how Ryan and his friends could help.
Normally Ryan found all that environmental stuff boring at school, but when Andie explained what was happening, it all became so real. Ryan was amazed that there was so much he could do to start helping. Eventually they both drifted off to sleep, and after much tossing and turning, they managed to get a few hours sleep before waking up.
Andie was ravenous in the morning so he took a couple of his meal capsules. Ryan wondered what he was doing. He looked at the alien strangely.
“What?” said Andie.
“What are you doing?” said Ryan.
“What does it look like? I’m having my breakfast.” Ryan’s face dropped. He couldn’t believe a tiny pea sized white tablet was Andie’s breakfast. He screwed up his nose in disapproval. “Does it even taste any good?”
“Taste? I can’t taste it. Who cares about taste as long as it gives me all the necessary nutrients to keep my body going?” Andie smiled, pleased with his answer.
Ryan chuckled. “I’m gonna have to introduce you to some real food buddy. You’re never going to look back.”
Andie didn’t know what to say, so he just smiled. He knew he would never have earth food as long as he lived. It was too risky. 
“Okay what’s that noise?” Andie said, looking alarmed.
“It’s my dad in the shower,” replied Ryan, listening to the sound of running water down the hall.
“But it’s been going for at least seven minutes and thirty-three seconds. That’s five minutes and thirty three seconds longer than is needed to wash the body. Oh dear what a waste of water.” Andie looked most concerned.
Ryan laughed. “That’s short for him.”
They waited a few more minutes. “No this will never do. Where is your hot water system?” asked Andie.
“Out the side of the house.”
“Quick take me to it.”
“You can’t turn the water off there…..can you?”
“No but you can do something just as effective. Hurry.”
Ryan showed Andie where the hot water system was. They were very careful not to go where anybody could see Andie. 
He looked at a few buttons on a big tank at the side of the house, and then flicked one to the right. Ryan had no idea what Andie was doing until he heard an almighty scream from his father inside, then some shouting. 
“AGHHHHHHHHHHHHH! IT’S FREEZING!”
Moments later they heard the water turn off.
Andie clapped his hands together with satisfaction. “There! That did the trick. Water must not be wasted. If we all kept our showers to two minutes, maximum four minutes, which is the length of singing a good song to yourself, then there would be so much more water to go around. Every time your father goes over two minutes in the shower, he’s going to get a rude shock when the water suddenly turns icy cold,” Andie said laughing. “I’ve done a quick bit of programming here to set the hot water to go off after two minutes.”
Ryan started laughing with him. 
“And that goes for the rest of your family.”
Ryan laughed even harder. “Oh this is so much fun. I can’t wait to see the look on their faces.”
“And that means you too.”
“AWWWW MAN!” Ryan’s face suddenly dropped until Andie reminded him that he would be doing the planet a big favor if he conserved water every day. And saving his family money.
“Okay I gotta get ready for school,” Ryan said. “You’ll have to wait in my room.”
Andie followed Ryan back into the house and waited while he got ready for school. Ryan was taking so long in the bathroom, Andie thought he better go in and check. But he got such a horrible shock when he went in. 

Chapter 7

When Andie stormed into the bathroom, he found Ryan was cleaning his teeth. Nothing out of the ordinary there, but Andie was horrified.
“Noooooooooooo!” cried Andie. “Turn it off.”
“Whaaaaaaaat?” Ryan echoed back in great surprise. “What am I doing wrong? I have to clean my teeth.”
Andie was almost speechless he was so disturbed by Ryan’s wastage of water. He jumped up and down, pointing to the faucet, trying to get the words out of his mouth.
“You’re kidding me. You want me to brush my teeth with no water? NO WAY. That would be like sucking on a whole tube of dry tooth paste. Gross man!”
“NOOOOO!” Andie finally shouted in a panic. “Turn it off when you’re brushing. Turn it back on to rinse, then turn it off again. You do not need to run the faucet the whole time you are brushing. It’s such a waste.” Andie was nearly crying in despair as he spoke.
“Oh yeah! I guess you’re right. I don’t need the water on when I’m brushing.”
“Exactly! Do you know how much water would be wasted if everyone in the world ran the faucet the whole time they were brushing?”
“No,” Ryan said slowly. “I guess it’s a lot. How much?”
“I have no idea. But you’re right. It is a lot.”
“Okay I will turn the tap off every time I brush from now on.”
“And you have to tell your friends too.”
“Okay. But can you turn the other way. I have to pee.”
When Ryan was finished, he pressed the button, and turned around to see Andie counting with his eyes closed.
“Ahhh what are you doing?”
“I’m counting.”
“Well I can see that, but what are you counting and why are you doing it with your eyes closed?” Ryan was quite puzzled. He was becoming quite fond of the little alien, even though he acted quite strange at times.
“I have my eyes closed because I don’t want to see anything that…..ah…. anything that I don’t want to see. And I’m counting how long the flush went. That flush went for six seconds. Did you double flush?”
“No I only flushed once.”
“But did you press the double square or the single square?”
“Oh I dunno. I think the double.”
“Oh NOOOOOO!” Andie said in a panic again. “The double flush uses six litres of water every time. Did you know that?”
“WOW! That’s like three two litre bottles of cola.”
“YES! You see! That’s a lot, and that’s twice as much water as the half flush, but you don’t need the double flush for a twinkle. You only need the half flush. It only uses three litres of water. If, on the other hand, you do, what do you call it here….a number poo?” 
Ryan started to chuckle and he couldn’t get his words out.
“Nooooo it’s called a number……… a nu….number two or a……..a…….. poo, whatever floats your boat.”  Ryan fell back onto the bathroom floor, rolling around in peals of laughter. I mean it wasn’t every day you discussed your bodily functions with an alien.
“This is serious Ryan. You only need to use that little button for the twinkie.”
“What happens if I use it for the number two?” Ryan said, smirking.
Andie’s smile crumpled into a weird expression. “Somehow I don’t think it would be effective. Okay let’s move on. I don’t like all his toilet talk.”
“Hey thanks,” Ryan said when he finally stopped laughing. “I never knew about those two buttons on the toilet. I thought it was just for decoration.”
“No, one is a half flush, it uses less water.”
“Hey maybe I could tell the fam-bam not to flush every time if they only do a pee. Then we could have one big flush at the end of the day. You know. Like a big ceremonial flush before everyone goes to bed.”
Andie’s face twisted up into a knot so Ryan couldn’t even make out his strange features. “Yeah Ryan. That’s an amazingly great way to save water. You’re really getting on top of this.  BUT YO GROSS!” he yelled. “I’m glad I won’t be staying at your house for long.”
“It was just an idea. I’m just trying to save the planet the biggest way I can.”
“Yep I’m hearing you,” said Andie, “but it’s got to be safe, healthy and doable. And saving a household full of pee up all day is definitely not doable, nor is it healthy.”
“What does doable mean?” asked Ryan.
Andie didn’t really know how to answer that. “It means………m’mmmm. It means you can do things easily. Leaving a toilet full of pee for the whole day may be saving a whole lot of water sure, but it’s just not doable for many reasons. The main one being, it’s GROSS.”
“Okay I get the point.”
“RYAN!” There was a shout from downstairs. “Hurry up.”
“I really have to get to school. Mom will get into one of her frenzies if I don’t get down there now. What are you going to do for the day? You can just chill in my room if you want. Actually you have no choice. You have to chill in my room.”
“Can’t I come with you?” Andie’s eyes blinked up and down irresistibly like a lost puppy dog.”
“No way. Too many people would see you.”
“That’s okay. Then I could teach them how to save water and save the planet as well.”
“Trust me, if they saw you, you wouldn’t have time to be saving the planet. You’d be taken away to NASA for scientific investigation and experimentation,” Ryan said in a threatening voice. “And they might cut you up.”
Andie gasped in fright.
“No-one must see you, so stay in my room.”
“But I have a super power. I can become invisible.”
“Really? That’s cool. How long do you stay invisible for?”
“Good question. I haven’t really worked that one out. But not very long I think.”
“RYAN JAMES! Get down here now!”
“Coming Mom. Gotta go. Now stay here, and don’t get up to any mischief.”
Ryan hated leaving Andie alone, but there was no way he could miss school. But he knew the friendly alien could be trusted to stay in his room all day. Or could he?


Chapter 8

After Ryan had left, Andie looked around his room. He found a big computer screen and switched it on. It was very slow to boot up. He wondered if he could communicate with anyone through it.
He had a tinker with it for a while but found it too slow, and it wasn’t able to do many things. Later on in the day after he had a nap, he was quite bored and frustrated that he wasn’t able to do much water conservation from inside the four walls of Ryan’s room. So he decided to go for a walk in the neighborhood. He thought if he made himself invisible most of the time, Ryan wouldn’t mind.
As soon as he got out, he could see a few of the houses in the street were watering their lawns with sprinklers going full blast in the middle of the day. He rolled his eyes in despair. Hadn’t anyone told them that water evaporated during the day quicker than at dawn and dusk? It was far more water conscious to sprinkle the water during the early morning or late afternoon. And even a water efficient sprinkler used nine litres of water per minute. That’s a lot of water used over an hour. But how could he let these people know these facts without being discovered? He could hardly go and tap on everyone’s door.
He had an idea. He raced back to Ryan’s room and fiddled around on the computer for a while. The computer was frustratingly slow for Andie, but eventually he finished his project. Then he began printing flyers; small ones so he wasn’t wasting too much paper. At least that was one thing the computer could do.
He made a big ‘Don’t Waste Water’ flyer alerting home owners to sprinkle during dawn and dusk so they could save water. At the bottom he even put, ‘Even better, just water the pots to keep them alive, when it rains, the lawn will thrive.’

He was so proud of his efforts that he decided to do another poster letting people know how else they could stop wasting water. It had all the different things that every human being, young and old, big and small, could do to help save water.
In the bathroom
•	Brush your teeth with the tap off. 
•	Use the half-flush button on the toilet where possible.
•	Cut your shower time to 2-4 minutes. 
•	When shaving, fill the sink with water instead of running the tap.
•	Fix leaking faucets, toilets and showers. Check for leaks.
•	Install water-efficient devices where possible.
•	Put a bucket in the shower for excess water to water the garden.

In the laundry
•	Do a full load of washing each time.
•	Match the washing machine water level to the load.
•	Fix leaking faucets. 

In the kitchen
•	Only wash full dishwasher loads. 
•	Scrape plates clean instead of rinsing.
•	Do not use running water to thaw food.
•	Soak pots and pans rather than scrubbing under running water.


When Ryan came home, Andie was so excited to show him all the work he had done, but Ryan got the shock of his life when he walked into his bedroom, and found wall to wall paper thrown everywhere. It was like a paper volcano had erupted.
“What have you been doing Andie?” he exclaimed.
“I’ve been so busy making flyers for the whole neighborhood to see. Then they will know how to save water too. I’m sorry I haven’t had time to clean up yet. But I will!”
 Ryan looked at the flyers and he was indeed very impressed.
“And how are we going to give them to the neighbors?” he asked.
“Can’t we just take them, knock on their door and give them to them?” asked Andie cheekily, but secretly hoping Ryan would say yes.
“I’m hardly going to let you go up to people’s doors. There will be mass heart attacks everywhere in the neighborhood. I can put them in their letterbox.”
“What’s a letterbox?”
“It’s a box where people get letters delivered to their houses every day, although people use emails more often than letters these days.”
“Oh that sounds like fun. I’ll come too,” said Andie, getting excited at the thought of an outing with Ryan. “But what’s a letter?”
“NOOOOOOO! You can’t go out. I’ve already told you that. Someone will see you.”
“But I’ve already been out and nobody saw…………..” Andie’s voice trailed off when he realized he’d put himself in it.
“You can’t let anyone see you Andie. It’s too dangerous. They will steal you.”
“Can’t you hide me?”
“How?”
“Have you got a……… a……..one of those transport devices you humans use on four wheels, that I could ride in?”
“You mean a car? I can’t drive.”
“A space buggy or something?”
“Sounds cool but ……ah…..no. We don’t have those on earth……..yet.”
“Anything with wheels?”
“Yeah well, I’ve got a bike, but I can hardly dink you. I would look pretty silly riding along, delivering flyers with an alien on the back.”
“Not necessarily,” Andie said slowly. “Hide me in a box with the flyers on top of me, or something.”
Thirty minutes later, Ryan had rigged up a milk crate on the front of his bike with an old towel over the top for Andie to hide in. Once Andie was tucked in, Ryan put all the flyers on top and they rode around the streets delivering the water conservation flyers to everyone.
“WEEEEEEEEEEHEEEEEEEEE. This is fun,” shouted Andie as they rode past a little girl and her mother walking along the sidewalk.
“I didn’t see that boy move his mouth when he was screaming Mommy,” said the little girl, who was looking very puzzled.
When they got home, Ryan’s mom was in the kitchen and they had to get past to go up to his room.
“You’ll have to go invisible,” whispered Ryan.
“I don’t want to waste it. It’s only for emergencies.”
“Trust me, if my mom sees you, it will be an emergency.”
Andie activated the button, but nothing happened. “See. It’s not an emergency. Nothing’s happening.” 
“Oh hi Ryan,” said his mom, coming out to greet him. “I thought we could go and get take out tonight.”
“Yumbo,” said Ryan, his eyes lighting up, just as Andie activated his invisibility power again. This time it worked thankfully. 
“Can I wait at home?”
Ryan’s mom was surprised. Ryan never missed an opportunity to go to McDonalds and put in his order.
“I have homework to do before supper,” he said when he saw her suspicion.
Ryan’s mom was further surprised. He never did homework. “Are you feeling okay?” she said, reaching out to touch his forehead, but instead whacking Andie on the nose because she couldn’t see him.
“OUCH!”
“Oh! What? Did I bang you? Sorry Ryan I didn’t think……what was that? Did you say…….” She was confused, but Ryan didn’t stick around to explain. He ran upstairs hoping Andie would follow him before he lost his invisibility.
By the time he reached the top of the stairs he could see Andie again.
“Man that was close.”
“Yeah that was close,” agreed Andie. “Would she eat me if she saw me?”
Ryan paused. “Ah no of course not, but she might send you to the authorities.”
“But I’m here to help,” Andie said, looking offended.
“They wouldn’t understand. You’re an alien. You don’t belong here.”
Andie looked even more hurt. “Yeah but that doesn’t mean I’m not nice, or kind, or that I don’t have an important job to do.”
“I know. I didn’t mean you don’t belong. Sometimes it just takes others a long time to accept an alien. We just have to go about our business anyway. Understand?” He tried to change the subject. “You wait until you taste Maccas. It’s the best. Better than anything Mom cooks up. I mean, you don’t have Maccas on your planet….do you?”
Andie laughed. “No we don’t have fast foods. We don’t have any foods that aren’t in capsule form. I will have my capsule up here thank-you very much.”
Later that night, Ryan brought up some burgers and fries to tempt Andie, but Andie shook his head firmly and said no,
until……….
the smell of the crispy golden fries……
and the mouth-watering look of the rich beef burger with melted cheese dripping from the side…….
tempted him desperately.
He inhaled through his nostril and caught the delicious aroma.
“Just have a bit, you’ll love it,” tempted Ryan.
“No I can’t,” said Andie, edging closer to the delightful offering.
“Why not? No one ever died from eating Maccas. At least I don’t think so.”
“My Mom said I shouldn’t be tempted. It won’t be healthy for my body.”
Ryan fell back laughing. “That’s the OLDEST trick in the book. All Moms, I mean literally ALL moms say that so we just eat that other healthy rubbish like beans and brussel sprouts and boring stuff.”
“Yeah but I’m different. My digestive system is different to earthlings. We are not able to adapt to processed, inorganic, or fatty foods like you can. You’ve seen what I eat.”
“Ah ha,” said Ryan. “Boring!” he sang.
“Well maybe I could just sample a small morsel,” he said, as he sniffed the air like a rabbit, his nose edging closer to the burger. 

“Here take a fry and try it.”
Andie quickly snatched the fry out of Ryan’s hand.
“Easy does it boy!”
Andie wasn’t listening as he tried to poke the fry into the slot where his meal capsules went, but it wouldn’t fit.
Ryan kept laughing. “You put it in your mouth you crazy thing.”
Slowly Andie put the fry into his mouth, and as it went down into his stomach he grabbed another and another. The taste was out of this world. He had never experienced such gastronomical pleasure. 
All of a sudden, a strange sound burst out of his mouth and he got a shock.
“What was that?” he said, looking frightened. “I think I’m exploding. See I shouldn’t have done it. I’m erupting.” Andie was starting to get hysterical.
“That was just a burp,” Ryan said. “It’s your stomach’s way of showing gratefulness. Everyone does it. I do at least twenty a day.”
“Oh, that’s a relief,” said Andie, as he grabbed the burger and took a massive bite, and then another and another, until all that was left was just a little bit of shredded lettuce hanging from the corner of his mouth.
Ryan just stared at him in shock, his eyebrows curved upwards, and his mouth gaping open.
“What?” Andie mumbled, still digesting the food. “Oh sorry. Did you want some of that? I thought it…”
“It’s okay. It was for you. I’ve just never seen anyone eat a burger so quickly.”
And then the biggest, almightiest, loudest burp erupted from Andie’s mouth, causing them both to jump back in shock, before they both started laughing and rolling around on the floor together.
Their laughter was incontrollable. It wasn’t until a rip roaring sound came blasting from Andie’s butt end that stopped them. Andie’s laughter came to an abrupt halt and fear shot across his face, but Ryan took one look at him and shrieked hysterically.
“Oh No Ryan! I think I really am exploding this time.”
To which Ryan just kept shrieking, and holding his stomach because he was laughing so hard. He couldn’t even get the words out. “That………….that was…….that was a fart,” he said between fits of laughter. “And a fart all of my friends would be very impressed with.”
“What’s a fart?” said Andie, looking worried. “Am I dying?”
“That’s a fart. It’s just one of those things we do with our body that you should be very proud of, but you shouldn’t do them in front of your mom or your girlfriend.”
Andie started to groan. “I don’t think I feel so well,” he said, holding his stomach. “I think I need to lie down.” He looked down at his stomach which was sticking out more than he’d ever seen it. “I feel like I’m going to have a food baby.”
“And it looks like twins,” added Ryan. “You’ll get used to it. You just ate like a ravenous pig that’s all. Slow down next time.”
Andie shook his head. “There’s not going to be a next time. My mom was right. I shouldn’t eat earthling food. Now I need to rest. There’s a lot more I have to do tomorrow, and I need to sleep this gluttonous behavior off.”

Chapter 9

The next day, Andie woke up before Ryan, and decided to go exploring around the house, being very careful not to be seen of course.
He heard Ryan’s father in the bathroom running the water for a long period and wondered why he would be wasting so much of it. Probably cleaning his teeth Andie thought, so he made himself invisible and snuck in to find Ryan’s dad was taking the hair off his face with a sharp blade, but running the water the whole time. Coming from a planet where they had to buy their hair, Andie couldn’t believe someone would want to get rid of theirs. But worse, he couldn’t believe someone would waste so much water doing so. So he leant over the man’s shoulder and turned the faucet off.
Ryan’s dad looked puzzled before he turned it back on again, rinsed his razor and began shaving again, but the water dried up almost immediately. Again he turned it back on, only to find it went off almost immediately. This pattern continued for a while until Ryan’s dad grumbled something to himself, gave up and continued to shave without the water running. When he was finished, he wanted to rinse the razor again, so he gingerly turned on the faucet. This time, the water didn’t go off, so he rinsed the blade and then turned it off, before shrugging his shoulders and walking out of the room. 
Andie was very happy he’d taught the man a lesson in not wasting water whilst taking the hair off your face.
That night Andie asked Ryan to smuggle him into the kitchen so he could teach a few water conservation lessons there too. When they went downstairs, Andie made himself invisible for a moment so he could sneak into the room to find a hiding spot. When he got there he saw somebody else sitting at the table with Ryan’s mom and dad.
“Whhh ooooooo i….i….is that?” he stuttered, unable to stop looking at the beautiful vision that sat staring at a phone while she sat at the table.


“Oh don’t worry about her?” said Ryan.
“I’m not worried one bit.” Andie was feeling very strange. He had all these strange, fluttery feelings flapping around inside his stomach, and it had nothing to do with the fast food he’d eaten the night before. His eyes started rolling around in his head, out of control, going all googly-eyed.
“Who is she, and where did she come from?” he whispered.
“That’s just my sister Lisa. She’s too wrapped up in herself to notice you, so don’t be scared.”
“Oh but I want her to notice me,” Andie said, surprising even himself.
“Are you talking to yourself again weirdo?” snapped Lisa from the table.
“Put your phone away at the dinner table Lisa, and don’t be rude to your brother,” said Mom.
“Oh, and it talks,” said Andie. “I think I’m in love.”
“WHAT!!!!! You can’t be in love with my sister. GROSS!”
“Why not?”
“Because she’s thirteen and she’s mean,” Ryan whispered. “Now hide in the kitchen before you get seen.”
“What are you talking about Ryan?” said his mother.
“Nothing. I’m just singing.”
His mom and Lisa both looked up at Ryan and then at each other before going back to their business. Ryan heard his sister mutter something, but he was used to her mean ways.
After dinner, while Mom and Dad sat at the table chatting, Ryan had to stack the dishwasher, as it was his turn on the roster. Andie hid behind the bench on the floor and gave Ryan instructions.
“Now just stack the dishes straight in,” began Andie. “You don’t need to rinse them. It’s doubling up water. Dishwashers are equipped these days to handle a lot of grime.”
“But my mom….”
“Yes honey,” Ryan’s mom said, looking up from the table.
“Nothing. I didn’t say anything,” said Ryan, glaring at Andie who was lying on the floor with his hands behind his head, and one knee resting on the other, like he was sunbaking on a beach. 
“By the way, you didn’t tell me you had a sister.”
“It’s only on a need to know basis.”
“Oh no Ryan. Don’t stack the dishes without rinsing them please,” said Mom.
“It’s a waste of water Mom. It’s like we’re washing them twice, using double the water every time. Do you know handwashing dishes can use up to fifty litres of water?”
He turned back to Andie. “And trust me, no-one needs to know about my sister.”
“Well I’m not asking you to hand wash them, just rinse them,” said Mom.
“It’s basically the same thing Mom. You know dishwashers are equipped these days to handle a lot of grime, and the water efficient ones only use around eleven litres. Is ours energy and water efficient Mom? You really don’t need to rinse them,” Ryan said, looking at Andie proudly.
“Oh for goodness sake. I can just imagine what the dishwasher will look like when it’s finished. It will be like someone’s poured a tin of soup into it,” Mom grumbled.
“Tell her to just give it a try,” Andie suggested.
“What? The soup?”
“No silly. Just try the dishwasher for one night without rinsing. If the dishes are really dirty you can wipe them with a rag or paper towel. What’s your sister’s name?”
Ryan repeated Andie’s words. “Just give it a try Mom and we’ll see. We can save thirty litres of water each time by doing it this way.” He turned to Andie. “Lisa.”
“What?” said Lisa.
“Nothing. I’m still singing a song.”
“I heard my name. You said my name. You better not be singing about me. Moooom. Ryan’s making songs up about me,” she whined.
“Goodnight. I’m going up to do homework,” Ryan interrupted.
“Turn the dishwasher on please love.”
Ryan was about to do as he was told when he felt Andie’s cold hand pull on his wrist. “It’s not full,” Andie whispered. “It will waste water and electricity. You do it in the morning after breakfast when it’s full.”
Ryan looked up towards his mom, worried about her reaction. “Mom, it’s not full. It will waste water and energy doing a half empty load. Can we just wait until after the breakfast dishes tomorrow?”
“What? What’s got into you? Why are you so worried about saving water all of a sudden?”
“Because Earth is in trouble. We all have to do our little bit to help save the planet.”
Ryan’s mom turned to look at his dad. Then they both snapped their heads back towards Ryan at the same time with very puzzled expressions on their faces. They didn’t know what had come over their little boy. Normally, the only thing he worried about was when the latest PlayStation game was coming out and when he could get it. In fact, Ryan’s mom realized she hadn’t even seen him play PS for days. She gave a nervous chuckle. “I think our son has been taken over by an alien.”
Andie’s eyes opened wide in horror and Ryan gulped until he realized his mom was only joking.
“Okay I guess you’re right son,” said his mom. “Fill it in the morning and turn it on then, and we’ll see if your little theory is right. If you’re wrong, you can have soup for supper straight from the dishwasher.
Ryan and Andie both laughed loudly together causing Ryan’s parents to look up again suddenly.
“That was a funny laugh,” said his Dad. “It almost sounded as though it was in surround sound.” He chuckled to himself, unaware that there really was an alien lying on his kitchen floor.
The next day after breakfast, Ryan was eager to see whether there was any soup in the dishwasher. After it finished, his mom held up a sparkling glass and examined it. Then she picked up a plate and a bowl and gave them a thorough inspection too, like she was a forensic detective, before sticking her head fully into the dishwasher to look for soup.
“Well I don’t believe it,” she said to Ryan. “The dishes are clean, and so is the dishwasher. Maybe we have been wasting water all this time by pre-rinsing.”
“See,” said Ryan. “We can start saving more water now. There are so many ways to save water.”
“I guess you’re right.”
Ryan ran upstairs to tell Andie the good news, but he couldn’t find him anywhere.
“Andie, Andie, are you in here?” Ryan whispered, hoping Andie had just made himself invisible for a moment. But there was no answer. This wasn’t looking good. It was too dangerous for Andie to be roaming around the house by himself. If his invisibility faded and someone saw him, he would be sent to the authorities immediately, and Ryan might never see him again. Ryan started to panic. He sensed that something was terribly wrong.


Chapter 10

Ryan raced around the house in a frenzy, looking for Andie and whispering his name in every room, until he ran smack bang into his sister standing in the hall way with her arms crossed in front of her.
“Who’s Andie?” she said smirking, as if she’d just discovered something top secret.
“Andie? I dunno what you’re talking about.”
“YOU just called out Andie.”
“No I didn’t. You’re hearing things.”
“I HEARD YOU. Tell me who it is or I’ll tell Mom. MOOOOOOOOM,” Lisa called out. “Are you hiding one of your school mates again? You know how much trouble you got into last time.”
“I was helping him.”
“Yeah but he’d run away from home, and his parents were going out of their mind and the police got involved. We could have gone to jail for kidnapping.”
“You’re such a drama queen Lisa.”
Lisa stormed off and went to her room. As soon as she opened the door, she started screaming, before she fainted, collapsing dramatically onto the ground.
“I think she’s found Andie for me,” Ryan said to himself.
Instead of checking if Lisa was okay, Ryan stepped over her lifeless body, and ran into her room to find Andie sitting at her dressing table wearing all her jewellery, looking at himself in the mirror. 
“Andie what are you doing? Never mind, just get out before she wakes up.”
“I wanted to see inside such a beautiful creature’s bedroom. I was only having a look. I didn’t mean to touch these precious jewels. We don’t have such beautiful material things on Avateous.”
“What do mean you didn’t mean to touch them? Did they just sort of jump off the dresser and land around your neck did they?”
“Something like that,” said Andie sheepishly.
Lisa started groaning and Ryan could hear footsteps coming up the stairs.
“Quick! Get in my bedroom.”
Andie had just made it into the bedroom when Ryan’s mother and father appeared at the top of the stairs. 
“Lisa! What happened?” exclaimed Dad, with a worried look painted across his face.
Lisa slowly started to sit up, slightly dazed. All of a sudden, she remembered what had happened and started screaming again. “There’s a ….there’s a……..there’s a monster in my bedroom.”
“Isn’t there a book on our bookshelf called that?” Ryan said cheekily.
“Oh dear,” Dad said under his breath. “I thought she’d well and truly grown out of that. Now we’ve got two scaredy cats on our hands.”
“I heard that Dad!” said Ryan. “I’m not a scaredy cat.”
“Of course you’re not son. You’re a scaredy kid,” he replied cheekily back to Ryan.
“Well I am, and I don’t care what anyone calls me,” said Lisa. “Because there is a monster in my room. Take a look Dad.” Lisa was pointing hysterically toward her room.
Ryan’s Dad poked his head around the corner of the door to appease his daughter, but when he saw nothing, he shrugged his shoulders at her. “Nothing there,” he said.
“Look under the bed, the cupboards, everywhere.”
Ryan shook his head at Mom and Dad, as if he didn’t have a clue what she was going on about. “I think she bumped her head Mom, and it’s made her go a little whoo hoo whoo hoo.” He made a crazy-like gesture with his hands describing his sister.
“I’M NOT CRAZY. I SAW A MONSTER,” Lisa yelled.

“I’ve checked your bedroom thoroughly honey. There is nothing there. You weren’t playing tricks on her were you Ryan?”
“No Dad. Never.” Ryan said, trying to look all guiltless and innocent.
It took a lot of coaxing and a lot of bribing with chocolate and candy for Lisa to be convinced that she saw nothing, but eventually she settled down.  And Ryan knew he was going to have to make sure Andie was more careful in the future. But that wasn’t going to be as easy as it sounded. Andie was starting to get a bit too reckless and carefree for his own good.

Chapter 11
 
The next day when Ryan went to have a shower, he noticed a big black bucket sitting on the tiles directly under the shower head.
‘That’s odd,’ he thought. ‘Dad must be fixing something.’ He kicked the bucket to the side so he could stand directly under the shower, but as soon as he did, the bucket slid back again to its original position.
“That’s even odder,” he said, moving the bucket away again.
But sure enough, it slipped back again.
“WHAAAT?!” he exclaimed, as he began shifting it.
“Heeeeeheeeeeheeeee,” said Andie, suddenly appearing out of his invisible status.
“EEEEEEEEK,” said Ryan in a panic, trying to cover his private parts up with his hands. “ANDIE! Get out! You can’t see me naked.”
“Mehh!” said Andie. “Who cares? Now, can you leave the bucket where I placed it please.”
“Okay but GET OUT! And don’t let anyone see you on the way back to my bedroom. You shouldn’t even have left my room.”
When Andie had closed the door, Ryan moved the bucket back into place and then realized he didn’t even know why Andie had put it there in the first place. But by the end of Ryan’s shower, (which was only two minutes of course) it was full of water.
“Are you done?” said Andie, suddenly reappearing just as Ryan was wrapping the towel around his dripping body.
“Just!” said Ryan impatiently. “What’s the bucket for anyway? I nearly tripped over it twice.”
“When you’re dressed, we’re going to go and water your mom’s flower pots.”
“Gee that sounds like fun,” Ryan said, rolling his eyes in his head, “about as much fun as grating cheese with your fingernails. Besides my mom does that with the hose. We don’t need to do it.”
“Ah but it’s another water saving idea,” said Andie, winking and looking proud. “Why not save the water in the hose and use that bucket of water that would have been wasted down the drain instead?”
“But won’t there be bits of grimy dirt that’s washed off my body, contaminating the flowers?” questioned Ryan, quite concerned.
Andie’s smile drew a straight line across his face as he looked blankly at Ryan. “I don’t think the flowers will really care do you?  I mean, they live in dirt with grubs and slugs and bacteria, and all sorts of slimy micro-organisms crawling all over them. I don’t think a bit of flaked off human skin will upset their day.”
Ryan laughed. “Oh yeah. True. That’s such a good idea. I can’t believe how much water we are saving for the planet.”
“And another tip,” Andie added, before they went out to the garden, “put a small container in the sink if you’re ever running, or should I say, ‘wasting’, cold water waiting for it to warm up. More drink for the pot plants. Let’s go water them.”
“What is that boy doing?” said Ryan’s Mom, as she watched her son from the window, tip a bucket of water into her pots.
“He’s watering the pots,” said his Dad slowly in amazement. “And ………talking to himself. I don’t know where this child has come from. He’s a different boy.” They looked at each other and shrugged their shoulders together.
“Do you think Ryan has been abducted by an alien and replaced with some other doppelganger do-gooder?” said his Mom.
Ryan’s dad burst out laughing.
“I’m serious,” she said.
“Aliens don’t exist sweetheart,” and he pinched her on the cheek like a child.

The rest of the week went by very quickly. Everyday Andie helped Ryan save water and showed him how to teach the rest of his friends. By the time Andie was ready to leave he was very satisfied that Ryan was a super water-saver hero.
“I think we should celebrate,” said Andie.
“Celebrate what?” said Ryan, as he lay back on his bed, looking at two spiders crawling along the ceiling.
“You being a super water-saver hero.”
“Whoa that’s a mouthful. I’d rather be known as………h’mmm….I know. A water warrior.” Ryan laughed.
“Okay water warrior, let’s celebrate your victories,” Andie said.
“Sure. How should we celebrate, considering you can’t be seen in public?”
“You take me to that restaurant where they have those big golden arches.”
“You mean Maccas?”
“You can have a big feast and I’ll stare at you and have one fry on the way home.”
Ryan giggled. “But how can I smuggle you in? Your invisibility doesn’t last that long.”
“Use the wheel thing and I can hide in a box.”
Before too long, Ryan had rigged up the milk crate on the front of his BMX again with a towel over the top to hide Andie, and the two of them rode to Maccas on the bike.

“Ride carefully,” said Andie, when they took off, with Ryan pedalling as fast as he could.
“WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE,” came a muffled sound from inside the box as they rode down a steep hill.
Ryan lifted his feet off the wheels and flung his legs out to either side and let the hill do all the work. 
“WHHOAAAAA!” he screamed, as the bike began to wobble out of control.
“EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!” Andie cried, when they headed, uncontrollably into the gutter. Fortunately, Ryan gained control of the handle bar just in time and from then on, he pedalled very carefully for the rest of the trip.
As soon as they went inside the restaurant, the smell hit Andie. His mouth started to water and he felt a funny sensation flutter through his stomach. He may have been invisible but he still had full use of his senses.
“What time do you leave tonight?” asked Ryan.
“Six pm,” answered Andie.
“That’s only thirty minutes,” said Ryan, a look of horror forming on his face. “We’d better hurry.”
Ryan ordered his food and sat at a table, while Andie trotted along behind him, invisible.

“Are you still there?” Ryan whispered, not knowing where Andie had gone to.
Andie had been just behind Ryan at the counter when he felt his invisibility leaving him. He saw a big metal rectangular container with an opening and a lot of trays sitting on top, so he thought it seemed like a good place to hide. He quickly jumped in before anyone could see him. He didn’t want to be discovered by the authorities just moments before he was going home.
When he got inside the container, the smell was overwhelming and delighting all his senses. As he looked around he could see plastic cups and plastic plates and paper bags and straws. He was horrified to see all the wasted rubbish stored in the container. Then he realized he must have put himself inside a trash can. 
But his horror was overshadowed by happiness as he floated amongst all the scraps of food offerings; bits of hamburgers, packets of fries, left-over morsels of apple pie, juicy bits of green pickle; lots of pickle in fact. It seemed as though no-one had eaten their pickle. There was even a plastic cup with a white gooey liquid dripping out from inside. It looked soft and tempting so he thought he’d try one lick.
It was delicious so he thought another lick wouldn’t hurt, and then another, and then he tried a big slurp until it was all gone. It was so creamy and refreshing inside his mouth. ‘How could anyone have thrown it away?’ he thought.
Then he thought he might try some of the hamburger pieces that were floating around. After all, it would be his last chance to eat takeout. But the irresistible flavor overtook him, and one tiny bite turned into several large mouthfuls, and before he knew it, he’d eaten his way through the trash can, and all that was left as he sat on the bottom, were dirty wrappers and a very fat alien.
He was sitting very still, starting to feel quite ill when he thought he heard his name being whispered. At first it was quiet, but then it got louder and more intense. “Andie. Andie! Andie are you in there?”
Ryan! It was Ryan. He’d forgotten about Ryan and the fact he had to catch the space ship. He had been too caught up in a food induced frenzy.
“Yes! Yes I’m here,” he called back.
“Andie hurry!” Ryan said in a panic as he ignored the strange looks he was getting from people who thought he was talking to a trash can. “You’ve only got ten minutes.”
“EEEEEEK!”
Hearing the reminder, Andie panicked and almost jumped out of the trash can without making himself invisible. Ryan noticed his wrinkly hand start to come out the top of the opening and he screamed at him.
“You’re not invisible.” He didn’t notice the people staring at his odd behavior.
Andie gasped and immediately activated his invisibility again before climbing out the top of the trash can.
The pair rushed at high speed toward Ryan’s bike and hastily fled to the forest behind Ryan’s house where Andie had to meet the shuttle. Poor Ryan had to put up with Andie farting and burping the whole way, and this time, they were SMELLY.
“YOWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! Faster Faster,” said Andie in between burps. “I’m not going to make it. There’s only one minute left.”
“I’m going as fast as I can. In fact, I’m going even faster than that,” Ryan shrieked, trying to catch his breath as he gained control of his wobbling bike.
As Ryan approached the edge of the forest, he could see a thick ray of blue light in the distance, shining down through the gaps in the trees and illuminating the ground. It was beautiful, almost mesmerizing. He’d never see anything like it before.
His little feet pedalled harder and harder, as Andie popped his head out of the crate. 
“Oh no. I can see the light,” said Andie. “We’re not going to make it!”
“I know a shortcut into the middle of the forest,” Ryan said, as he took a sharp right onto an overgrown pathway, causing the bike to jack knife, and Andie to hold on for dear life inside the crate.
When the bike corrected itself, Ryan looked up ahead and to his shock, he could see the blue rays disappearing from the ground as they retracted back into the air. He feared it was too late. Andie would never be able to jump that high into the craft.
He had a mixture of emotions, because he’d secretly been quite sad that Andie was leaving, but if Andie got stuck on earth, he wasn’t sure how he could keep safely hiding him, and what might happen to him. If somebody discovered Andie, he might be sent away to the authorities at NASA for testing, and Ryan couldn’t bear to think what might happen to him then. He’d really grown fond of the little guy.
Andie poked his head out of the crate again to see how close they were and shrieked when he saw the rays of blue light disappearing into the night sky.
“NOOOOOOOOOOO! I’ll never make it. It’s leaving.”
Ryan had never heard an alien cry before, but it sounded terrible.

Chapter 12

Ryan was just about to start crying himself when suddenly he had a brilliant idea. (Even boys cry sometimes when they’re really sad or anxious).
“It’s okay,” said Ryan, as he pedalled hard and fast, causing the bike to wobble again. “Stand up real tall in the crate and hold on tight. Second thoughts, don’t hold on tight. Just let go and stand up straight.”
“Are you out of your earthling mind?” shrieked Andie. “I’ll fall.” 
“Trust me. Just DO IT!” said Ryan as he pedalled even faster.
Andie obeyed and tentatively stood up. His legs were wobbling like crazy and he was just about to take a tumble when Ryan jammed on his breaks, causing the bike to stop dead in its tracks with the back wheel flying up and out behind, like in a BMX stunt show. 
At the same time, Andie went spinning through the air, doing somersaults, right up into the vortex of blue light where he was sucked up safely into the space rocket.
As Ryan sadly watched the almighty craft take off in a blur of fire, he was sure he heard a little voice scream out, “see you next time.”
Hearing Andie’s promise to return brought a happy feeling back to Ryan. He hoped he wasn’t dreaming. In the mad rush to get Andie back to the space craft, he’d forgotten how much fun he had with the little guy. He was really going to miss him, but he couldn’t help wonder, with excitement and curiosity, what other planet saving lessons Andie would bring with him next time, if he ever did come back.
In the meantime, Ryan made a promise to himself that he was going to be the best ever water warrior on the planet.
As he rode out of the forest and approached his house, he noticed the neighbor’s hose dripping. Normally he would have ignored it, in fact he wouldn’t have even noticed it, but this time, he jumped the fence and turned it off, even though his neighbor was known to be a bit scary.
“HEY!” came a gruff voice from the window. “What do you think you’re doing in my garden kid?”
“I’m turning off your leaky hose Mr Grouch……Growdo.” Ryan stopped himself just in time from calling Mr Growdo, Mr Groucho, because that’s what everyone called him, because he was so…..grouchy! “If you let it leak you’ll be wasting hundreds of litres of water per year, and by turning it off, it will save you about a hundred dollars per year.”
“Oh!” mumbled Mr Growdo, who seemed a bit lost for words. “Well…….thankyou.” And he slammed his window shut. That was the first time Ryan had ever heard him say anything nice, and he felt very proud of himself for helping out his neighbor. It might have only been a little thing, but lots of little things together can make a big difference when it comes to saving planet Earth.
The End
But don’t go away, there’s more things to discover, and jokes to tell.


Test your Knowledge


How many of these words and terms related to the environment do you know? See if you can work it out before you read the answer.
1. What is a FUEL ?
A fuel is a substance that is changed in some way to produce heat, electricity, or other forms of energy. Fuel can be divided into two main types: fossil fuels and other fuels.
2. What is the ENVIRONMENT?
The environment is everything around us. All our surroundings including the air, soil, water, plants, and animals make up the environment. Plants and animals need a healthy environment to survive. An ecosystem is an area where living organisms interact in a specific way with the local environment to survive. When ecosystems are damaged by man, then some living organisms may not be able to survive.
3. What does SUSTAINABILITY mean?
If something is sustainable, it means that we could keep using or doing it for a long time.
Imagine you have a magic cookie jar. The jar refills itself, so every time the cookie jar is empty, it refills itself.  With the magic cookie jar, the cookies are sustainable. That means that you can keep using it for a long time without it running out. It doesn't matter how much you take out of the jar, because more cookies appear. It's magic!

4. What does BIODEGRADABLE mean?
When something is biodegradable, it means it is able to be broken down by the action of living organisms such as bacteria. Trash that is made of organic substances will eventually decay and become a part of the environment. Things like plastic rubbish are not biodegradable and will take up space in landfill for millions of years.
5. So what is LANDFILL?
A landfill is a place where waste is kept. Waste is usually buried in landfills, but it may first be sorted to remove any recyclable materials. They can be smelly and ugly areas and often have a lot of scavenger birds hanging around, trying to find their supper, and their lunch and their breakfast.
6. Explain a NON-RENEWABLE RESOURCE 
Non-renewable resources are natural resources that cannot be replaced after they are used. (like fossil fuels)
7. What then would a RENEWABLE RESOURCE be? (think magic cookie).
Renewable resources are resources that won't ever run out. Not now, not tomorrow, not even a million years from now!
8. Where do FOSSIL FUELS come from?
Fossil fuels are made from the remains of decomposing plants and animals. These fuels are found in the Earth's crust and contain carbon and hydrogen, which can be burned for energy. Heat and pressure have turned these remains into the fossil fuels that we call coal, oil and natural gas. 
9. What is a GREENHOUSE GAS and are they really green?
They are harmful gases that are released into the atmosphere when fossil fuels are burned. And no, they are not green in color. The main greenhouse gases are: Water vapor, Carbon dioxide, Methane, Ozone Nitrous oxide, Chlorofluorocarbons. 
10. What is the GREENHOUSE EFFECT?
It is a process that occurs when greenhouse gases in Earth's atmosphere trap the Sun's heat. It occurs both naturally and due to human activity, and it increases global warming. The earth keeps warm this way. Without greenhouse gases our planet would be too cold to support most life. Man-made greenhouse gases have increased sharply in the past century. This is largely as a result of burning fossil fuels such as oil and coal and gas which produces carbon dioxide.
For millions of years, Earth has been capable of balancing natural emissions of carbon dioxide, with plants, soil and sea soaking it up, but the extra carbon dioxide that humans have put into the system has upset the balance, and the Earth is warming too much, causing Global Warming.
11. GLOBAL WARMING sounds very cosy but is it?
Global warming describes the rising of the average temperature on Earth. It has to do with the overall climate of the Earth rather than the weather on any given day. Changing the earth’s temperature even slightly can be bad for the environment, so global warming is not ideal.
12. What is a CARBON FOOTPRINT and is it as big as a yeti’s footprint?
The term carbon footprint is how much carbon goes into the air because of something done by humans. Doing something that burns fuel will release carbon dioxide into the atmosphere causing pollution. Human’s need transportation, electricity, food, clothing, and other goods. These all emit carbon dioxide into the air. Walking to school leaves a much smaller carbon footprint than getting driven in a car. Although you might leave some footprints in the mud if it’s a rainy day, but that’s okay.

13. RECYCLING has nothing to do with riding a bike unless the bike is made out of recycled materials, so what exactly is it?
Recycling is when used waste and used materials are transformed into new products, so that they can be used again and again.
14. What is DEFORESTATION?
Deforestation is the cutting down of forests or groups of trees which is then turned into farms, ranches, or used for urban use. It can cause soil erosion and flooding and effect habitats of plants and animals.
80% of Earth’s land animals and plants live in forests, and deforestation threatens species including the orangutan, Sumatran tiger, and many species of birds.
Cutting down trees both ads carbon dioxide into the atmosphere and removes the ability to absorb the existing carbon dioxide. Remember carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas that in large amounts is not good for the atmosphere.
15. Describe what AIR POLLUTION is.
Air pollution is when unwanted chemicals, gases, and particles enter the air and the atmosphere causing harm to humans and animals and damaging the natural cycles of the Earth. There are natural causes of air pollution, and human causes. Natural causes include eruptions of volcanoes, dust storms, and forest fires. But human activity is a major cause of air pollution, especially in large cities. Human air pollution is caused by things such as factories, power plants, cars, airplanes, chemicals, fumes from spray cans, and methane gas from landfills.
16. What are you doing when you are COMPOSTING?
When you compost you are collecting and storing plant material (vegetable peels, fruit waste, plant clippings, and grass cuttings) so it can decay and be added to soil to improve its quality: There should be more composting of garden and food waste. Composting means less waste goes to landfills.

17. Have you heard of TERRESTRIAL PLANETS?
Terrestrial planets are Earth-like planets made up of rocks or metals with a hard surface. Terrestrial planets also have a molten heavy-metal core, few moons and topological features such as valleys, volcanoes and craters. 
In our solar system, there are four terrestrial planets, which also happen to be the four closest to the sun: Mercury, Venus, Earth and Mars. During the formation of the solar system, there were likely more terrestrial planetoids, but they either merged with each other or were destroyed.

What is a RESOURCE?
A resource is a physical material that humans need and value such as land, air, and water. Resources are characterized as renewable or non-renewable; a renewable resource can renew itself and never run out, while a non-renewable resource has a limited supply and will run out. But you already know that!

You’ve worked hard……SO
Joke time.
 


Here’s some funny environmental riddles

Why did the farmer plant a seed in his pond?
He was trying to grow a water-melon.

Why couldn't the flower ride its bike?
It had lost its petals.

How can you tell the ocean is friendly?
Because it waves.

How do trees get on the internet?
They log in.

How do you cut a wave in half?
Using a sea saw.

Why did the dog bury himself in the backyard on Earth Day?
Because you can't grow a tree without bark.

If Mac users care more about the environment more than Windows users, then why do Macs have a trash can and Windows has a recycling bin? 
No answer for that one.

What did Obi Wan Kenobi say to the tree? 
May the Forest be with you.

Did you hear the one about the recycling family of triplets? 
Polly, Ethel and Ian. (Polyethylene is a type of foamy plastic)

What did Earth say to the other planets?
You have no life.

Why did the leaf go to the doctor?
It was feeling green.

What creature is smarter than a talking parrot?
A spelling bee.



What type of bird should you never take to the bank?
A Robin.

Why didn’t the dendrochronologist get married?
He only ever dated trees

What did the ground say to the earthquake?
You crack me up!

Why did the woman go outdoors with her purse open?
Because she expected some change in the weather.


The End.
Don’t forget to read the next adventure from ‘Andie the Alien Saves Earth’ series and see how he’s going to help save Earth this time.
If you love funny books then you will absolutely LOVE the hilarious Game on Boys series, about Ryan the best ever gamer and his PlayStation adventures. For GIRLS and Boys, (not just boys)!
Book 1 and Book 4 are always FREE. Get them on Smashwords
Get Game on Boys 1 FREE here (on Smashwords)
Get Game on Boys 4 FREE here on Smashwords


And if you liked this book, please leave a review so I know whether to keep Andie coming down to save Earth or not.
 
