


BeaverTales
A Child’s Memoir 
Barbara J. Thompson

















BeaverTales. Copyright © 2019. 
By Barbara J. Thompson. 
All rights reserved.

No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means including information storage and retrieval systems without the express written consent of the author, except by a reviewer, who may quote brief passages in a review.

Cover design by Barbara J. Thompson
Published by BJT Publishing. 
Calgary, Canada. 

ISBN: 978-1-7752130-9-3
First Edition








Dedicated to my late Mother and Father,
Margaret “Mona” (née Sherriffs) Thompson
& William “Leigh” Thompson
Their light allowed me to see; their air I still breathe...





Foreword 
BeaverTales is a work of love, and my Mom’s wish that I write a book of my childhood adventures in Beaverdale. My Mom sensed that idyllic time was now a thing of the past, so she wanted me to capture those moments and lock them away in words that they may not vanish altogether.
I took stabs at this project for years, trying to write purely as a child, for children, but the adult in me saw things as a mix; of innocence and wisdom, of joy and sorrow, of longing and loss. So, as much as I wanted to write a book similar to the Thornton W. Burgess Bedtime Story Books my Dad’s sister sent me from California, the mix in me of Little & Big Barbie seeped out onto the pages, and this mélange is BeaverTales today.
Sadly, my Mom did not live long enough to see BeaverTales come to fruition. I can only hope that wherever she is, her soul can feel the tale and that she and my Dad are proud of their wee girl.
I know my parents would hope others who lived near Hespeler, Ontario in that era get a chuckle from it, too, and fondly remember back to those innocent times…
The Beginning... 
1964 to 1974
Amid the farmland and rolling hills of Cambridge (Hespeler), Ontario lay Beaverdale Road. Its location, North West of Highway 401, an hour or so drive from Toronto. 







In this era, the locale could have been named Hidden Valley, for it was nestled in a quiet dale, and home to farmers and country folk, snapping turtles, shy but productive beavers, green pastures and little else, save for a dotting of homes which surrounded The Pond—a local nickname for a dammed-up creek called Chilligo, which provided water to the valley’s grain/feed mill, known as Fisher’s Mill.
My name is Barbara Thompson, and I was born and spent my formative years in this wee valley, in environs that seemed perfect—pristine, verdant, and utterly beautiful. 
“Little Barbie,” as I call myself back then, was tall and sturdy-built for her age, with long, wavy chestnut-coloured hair, hazel eyes, a big smile, looking very Northern Irish like her Father. She was often seen in shorts and a top and no shoes in summer or puffy ski-doo suits in winter, but party gowns, she insisted, had to be made out of velvet with white frills. She was a girl with endless imagination and wonder for everything and everyone, and who thought nothing of wandering the countryside in bare feet or on a bicycle, alone or with friends, in a quest to experience new vistas, meet new animals, talk to the locals and discover life as a child should. Little Barbie was, in essence, a “free range” kid. The only thing that ever called the wee girl back from her adventures was the faint sound of her Mom’s voice echoing across The Pond, long-calling, “Barbie, time to come home!”
That innocent time, the mid '60s/'70s, is long gone now. The homes in Beaverdale, they remain, but the new owners, who are mostly wealthy Torontonian commuters, lock their front doors and basically keep to themselves. The all-steel land-yacht sedans that back in the day sat out front of those homes have been replaced by fuel-injected tin cans, and the Ford and Dodge pick-up trucks which were then bought dirt cheap and actually used to haul stuff, were long ago replaced by $100,000 leather and burled walnut-appointed rec rooms on wheels. 

The innocent laughter which painted this valley long ago... I like to think still lingers, floating high above those verdant fields, as we who, once upon a time, lived and loved there. We must have left an imprint. It is here, in these pages, that I will endeavour to replay vignettes of those heady days.
Remembered life began for Little Barbie one sunny winter’s day in 1968 when the “Big House” was finally built and ready to inhabit. The wee girl, her Mom and Dad, Mona and Leigh Thompson, moved into their spacious new home, an interior H-shaped ranch house with double-car garage, bedecked in mottled red brick with a pleasant turquoise-tinted wood trim, and a lazy arc gravelled-drive up to Beaverdale Road. 
Mona was a beauty; rich brunette, wavy short hair, lightly freckled skin with dancing brown eyes and a warm smile. When she dolled up in vibrant-coloured Pucci party gowns, guests would stop in their tracks and take notice of the statuesque woman. Leigh was tall, upper-body muscular with fair skin, a high forehead, a long-thin nose and jaw, and baby fine sandy-coloured hair that when slathered with Brylcreme looked black. His yard work clothes were tan work shirts and pants and farmer boots. His business and party togs were made-to-measure navy-blue suits and oxblood brogues, well shined. 
The previous summer, Little Barbie had helped her parents and their friends pound nails into the main floorboards, for there had been a “Nailing Party,” you see, an excuse for the adults to get together, drink and help bring this new house to life. At three and a half years old, I was so proud of my efforts, using both of my wee hands to grasp the hammer as someone else held the nail. I was unaware that a friend of my Dad's, Duke, a balding bespectacled man who was an electrician by trade, quietly followed behind me to finish each nailing job. I would pound away, quick turn, and see his smiling face right behind me. Even at that young age, I sensed something funny was going on.
“Leigh, watch Barbie. Make sure she doesn't fall,” called out my Mom, with a look of worry; as although everyone was nailing on the ground floor, it was at foundation height and had a steep drop-off to the split level back yard below. Nail apron tied around my tiny waist and a hammer far too large for my hands, Little Barbie began to pound—puck, puck, slip, puck—no thrust strong enough to create an actual bang. 
“Hi, Mommy,” I called back, all wide smile and bright eyes, “look at what I'm doing. I'm helping!”
Mona smiled. She was so proud of her little girl, but the worry for my safety remained, and would remain for me for the rest of her life. But I was okay, we would be okay. We were Thompson's after all. We were survivors.
By February of '68, the house was ready, and moving day was at hand. Little Barbie’s Dad shovelled a path from our tiny blue sided bungalow, we called the “Blue House” at the head of Beaverdale Road, down the hill to our custom made abode, and one of the first memories I have is wheeling my Red Flyer wagon stuffed with all of my toys down the snowy path, my Mom treading along behind me, watching that no toys, nor I, took a header. 
This would be the first of many such moves in my life, but on this day, at this moment, the visual of walking to my new home remains engraved on my mind. The Unknown held excitement, for fear had no place in Little Barbie's world. A home fit for a king and queen, and I, its princess. Nothing was wrong with this picture. And a half-century later, I see this vision the same exact way. 
Purity, innocence can be everlasting... if you want them to be.
It was from this small beginning that Little Barbie commenced her pastoral adventures, told here through the seasons—Spring, Summer, Autumn and Winter—as I unveil them to you, as seen through her bright-shining and untainted eyes, narrated by the adult in me now.
This is my wee tale.















Spring
An escape from the long, snowy winter which cloaked all the trees and blanketed all the animals in a semi-hibernating sleep, at least those which did not head south. After the horrid ice storms of February and March — and if March came in like a lion and not like a lamb — the lamb-like weather arrived in April, and its showers would spring to life the flowering buds of May. 
Canada Geese returned from their southern locales and nested where they could, often, if allowed, in a homeowner’s Pond-side shack. Men and women plowed and seeded their gardens, the growl of tractors and rototillers here and there, and a friendly wave would be on offer from the home owners as you drove by. 
Such was springtime in Beaverdale, a place of rebirth in a heavenly hidden valley Little Barbie called home.
I Watching Tadpoles and a “Sighting” at Fisher’s Mill






“I’m bored,” bemoaned Cathy, a shy, small-boned, blond-haired little English-Canadian girl who was Little Barbie’s best friend and closest neighbour.
“Okay, let’s head to the dam. It’s spring and the tadpoles are babies. There’ll be loads of ’em now,” Little Barbie said, excited. 
So without further ado, the girls walked barefoot down Beaverdale Road, took a left down Fisher Mill Road to the Y intersection at Chilligo Road. Across the street from the dam bridge was the mill that consisted of a rectangular silo constructed out of heavy timber and unpainted sheet metal with a loading dock and small store front. It was the local area grist mill for farmers buying feed for chickens, horses, and cows. Mr. Fisher even supplied dog kibble, of all things. 

The overgrown reedy grasses and giant dandelions and ragweed which grew lush around the dam swayed and swished in the soft breeze as Cathy and Little Barbie laid stomach-down on the dam bridge in order to gaze into the glassy-still water. The shade the dam structure gave enabled the wee gazers a clear view of dozens, then hundreds, of the swimming creatures with their luminescent bodies and big bright eyes, darting here, wiggling there, babies with their mommies, big daddies on the watch—a universe below, and a universe above. For a time, time stood still, and the two small tykes were as God, gazing into otherworldly waters. No conversation was needed. Cathy and Little Barbie watched in silence and were in awe.
Then, sometime later, the grinding of thoughts began, “Do you think they see us?” asked Little Barbie.
“I don’t think so,” replied Cathy, “besides, what do they care that we’re here. They’re swimming around, looking for food, right?”
“Yeah, I guess... but I was sure one looked up at me, almost like he was saying hello.”
“He?”
“Yes,” Little Barbie emphatically said.
“He’s a he 'cause he’s big and big people are always boys.”
That statement held little girl logic so no rebuttal was needed.
The occasional car would pass by and the driver would honk and wave, and the girls would rise up and wave back, big smiles on offer, then return to their gazing posture, keen to learn the meaning of tadpole life.
“Do you think they get married?” Little Barbie asked.
“That’s a dumb question.”
“It isn’t dumb. They have babies so they must get married.”
Again, no quibbling where wee-girl-logic reigned.
Another car whizzed by, this time a rather loud sedan, and Little Barbie’s gaze stayed up long enough to spy a dark shadow appear out of the corner of her eye from the far side of the Mill.
“Cathy,” hissed Little Barbie, “look!”
Cathy raised up and let her sight follow the direction of Little Barbie’s stare. Soon, both girls sported a similar shocked expression as their eyes locked onto the target. A dog, or what looked like a dark brown, long-haired dog, was leisurely walking out from the main silo door of the Mill into the parking lot. The girls slowly rose from the bridge and tip-toed across the road to get a closer look, staying hidden behind some bushes. 
Something inside their gut made them sense danger, but danger from what? They reached the driveway to the Mill and walked a ways into the parking lot. In what was now the dying light hours of late afternoon, the girls snatched a final look at the “dog,” and realized it walked too close to the ground to be a dog and no dog the girls had ever seen had such a long and hairless tail. Reality married with their eyesight and Mr. Dog became Mr. Dog-Rat, a massive, midnight-brown, sauntering-on-all-fours, giant hairy rat, with bristled fur, glistening eyes as ebony liquid buttons, its stare directed right at the girls who by now sported saucer-shaped eyeballs and O-shaped mouths. The fright was palpable.
“Cathy.”
“Yeah?”
“Do you see…?”
“Yep.”
“Is it?”
“I think so.”
No more words needed. 
Backing up as far as the roadside gravel allowed, the two stricken girls, their gaze never leaving their new monster, walked toe-to-heel, reversing course out of the Mill and back to Fisher Mill Road. Mr. Dog-Rat continued his cross-country course, easy as you please, sauntering across the entire width of the lot to the reedy area surrounding the start of Chilligo creek, most likely looking for a cool drink of water to wash down the bucket-load of silo grain he undoubtedly munched for his dinnertime meal.
Once yards away from the Mill, Little Barbie and Cathy high-tailed it as fast as their wee legs would take them, all the way up Fisher Mill Road and all the way down Beaverdale Road. Cathy's house was fourth on the right, while Barbie's was sixth, Cathy first reaching the security of home, leaving Little Barbie to run the rest of the way alone. It was only one more house and her driveway but her imagination had Mr. Dog-Rat chasing her all the way home. 
Run, run, run all the way home, just like Mr. Piggy in the fairly-tale, she thought, past Mrs. Killdeer, the Thompson’s resident nesting driveway bird, the mommy bird squawking at the approaching child, this time her feathery threat not slowing Little Barbie's stride down one bit, even if a wide arc was needed to avoid her pecking beak. A minutes later, the front door and safety. Little Barbie peeked out the from living room picture window, and let out a long sigh, realizing that Mr. Dog-Rat had not pursued her for his dessert. 
The sighting was never again talked about by Cathy and Little Barbie, nor, for that matter, was their mutual experience uttered to anyone else. The girls knew that their Mr. Dog-Rat sighting would never be believed. Adults would think it was the wild imaginings of two precocious little girls. 
No, the sighting would remain a long-held secret, as rare and coveted as a Big Foot sighting is today. Mr. Dog-Rat undoubtedly lived inside the grain mill and thrived quite merrily on a smorgasbord of wheat and corn delights, morning, noon and night, the little rat's weight ballooning to the size of a dog, the end result of a perfect rat life.
From that day forward, whether on bike or on foot, Little Barbie took great care when passing Fisher’s Mill. There was, thankfully, regretfully, amusingly, no further sightings of Mr. Dog-Rat. 
Many a time, in quiet adult musings, a sole question has lingered in my mind as hovering tadpoles do in pond water: was Mr. Dog-Rat ever really there?










II Frog Legs A-Jumping at Earl's Sunday Brunch






Sundays.
A sleepy day on The Pond.
Except for maybe the odd fishing boat floating here and there, the operator not intent on catching fish, mind you, but looking for that rare delicacy — frogs legs.
I know that today the sport may seem cruel, and I guess it probably was, but if you catch anything in water and eat it… well, I'll leave that debate for others.
Earl was Little Barbie's next door neighbour, a handsome, rather Germanic-looking fellow, with wavy blond hair, blue eyes and a construction man’s body — always tanned. Ruby was Earl’s wife, a petite English-Canadian woman with porcelain skin and jet black hair done up in a high bouffant that was in favour in those days. Jann, their daughter, was a tall, athletic girl with a Mona Lisa smile who had a warm and compassionate heart. 
Both families lived beside one another in similar ranch-style homes on The Point of The Pond on Beaverdale Road.
Earl had a penchant for making special moments out of any day, and today, he announced to One and All that he would fry up frog legs for a Sunday Brunch treat. The catch: actually catching them.
So, out his metal row-boat came and in hopped Earl and Leigh, and although that would have been sufficient humans to attempt the feat, somehow they cajoled Mona into climbing in the boat, as well. Ruby knew better. Why Little Barbie's Mom agreed to this floating adventure, considering how much she feared anything coming out of water except for water, no one really knows. But out they went with nets and various other tools of the frog-catching kind, and the hunt began.
Little Barbie slept in that morning as she was wont to do, but was awoken by strange screeches coming from the Pond. She hurriedly got dressed and ran outside to see a group of her parent's friends gathered at Earl's shoreline, bent over in two, laughing more than breathing.
With flailing arms and hands protecting her head, Mona yelled, “Stop it! Get that off me!” as Earl and Leigh laughed alongside her in the boat.
Two giant bullfrogs, both dangling in nets high above Mona's head was the reason for the screams, the devilish culprits: Earl and Leigh. Little Barbie's Mom was not amused.
Initially, the fiasco scared Little Barbie, fearing the rocking boat would capsize and frogs and humans would go into the drink, but soon a loving hand clapped around her shoulders, and Jann offered, “Don't worry, Little Barbie, they are only having fun. Your Mom is safe. They'll row in now that they have their catch.”
So, Little Barbie dared to grin, then sported a giggle, and finally a flip-top head laugh, all the while feeling a tiny twinge of guilt at having fun at her Mom's expense.
The row-boat hit the shore, and Barbie ran to her Mom, “Mommy, why would you go out there like that? You know Earl, my Daddy. They're trouble-makers!”
Mona smiled and shook her head in agreement. An inaugural moment. First time Little Barbie made more sense than her Mom.
The scare over, it was up to Earl's kitchen the gang all trooped as he whipped out two frying pans and two pounds of real butter. It seems there is an unwritten rule: one set of bullfrog legs to one pound of butter. The ratio of butter to legs — the severed limbs jumping in the sizzling pan, their nerves still in the On position — seemed out of proportion, but Little Barbie knew she was not, as yet, a rocket scientist or even the Galloping Gourmet.
Once the legs were cooked, the gang chowed down around Earl's kitchen captain's table, an identical one to the Thompson’s. The delicacy was yummy! Mona, on the other hand, excused herself from the treat. Nobody really knew why.
Sunday Brunches could hold the weirdest culinary delights. It could be Schneider's pig's tails one week and fried liver and onions the next. It could be corn on the cob, and nothing else. It could be pancakes and cherry pie or cow's tongue and Rye & Coke. There never seemed a rhyme nor reason.
If it was Sunday on The Pond at Earl's, taste bud adventures abound! 
The by-product of those Sundays: Little Barbie grew up not being a picky eater at all.








III Back Yard Awakenings

One fine spring day, eleven kittens came into this world, the product of their Mommy, Fluffy, a big gunmetal grey Persian, and their Daddy, Orangie, a big old tabby cat, both adopted off a farm near Orangeville. And although Little Barbie’s Mom was filled with kitty-raising dread until they could be sold or given away, Little Barbie was filled with furry glee, promising she would take care of the tiny fluff-balls when Fluffy needed a break from her feeding chores. 
On this day, Little Barbie decided she would usher the litter into the big wide world and guide them on their first field trip. And what better way than a pitter-pat through the back porch and onto the lawn, the grass blades left unusually long during their winter sleep. 
One by one, she carefully lifted them out of their basket, and with tiny out-stretched paws and soft mew-mews, she gathered them at the foot of the porch stairs and slowly swung open the screen door as she watched with dancing eyes all eleven gingerly taking their first steps into the world. One paw here, another paw there, one nose sniffing here, one tail wagging there, with wobbly legs and the odd leftover mew, all eleven reached the grass.
Before Little Barbie knew it, all eleven had disappeared!
“Mommy, Daddy!” Little Barbie cried out, “I’ve lost all the kittens! They’ve disappeared into the long grass!” Little Barbie hadn’t figured out that the grass was higher than their wee bodies, so it was as if they had melted right into the ground. Dread washed over her when she realized that the retaining wall leading to the lower level of the backyard was only feet away, fear grabbing at her gut that all eleven babies would reach it and fall to their deaths. Mona and Leigh came running and the family waded through the grass to rescue the kittens. Zigzagging this way and that, running here, jumping there, it was like trying to locate gold in El Dorado... if gold moved, unseen! One snatched, then another, then two handfuls more. Soon, all eleven were again safe and sound and inside the screened-in porch.
“Oh, Daddy, stop laughing, it’s not funny. They could have died!”
With a wry, all-knowing grin, subtle enjoyment had from Little Barbie's fears, Leigh said, “Little Barbie, there was nothing to fear. Kittens are born with an ability to right themselves when falling. Even if they had tumbled over, they would’ve been okay.”
“Well, Leigh,” offered Mona with a reserved look, “it’s better we don’t find out.”
Once the kittens were returned to Fluffy, and Mona returned to the kitchen, Leigh and Little Barbie plunked down in a redwood cedar duo-seat deck chair, Leigh to his pipe and his newspaper and Little Barbie to her worries. Mona sensed angst in her wee daughter, so to wash away the fear, she brought out two bowls of something Little Barbie had never seen before. It was her first encounter with the combo of cottage cheese and sliced peaches, a rather exotic treat in the rather, up ‘til then, plain food life of Little Barbie. Leigh dug in and began to eat. Little Barbie assessed her Dad. 
With a toothy smile in between chomps, Leigh said, “You'll like it, Little Barbie. Cottage cheese tastes really good, especially with canned peaches.”
That's all the words she needed to hear, for if her Dad ate it, it must be okay.
As father and daughter munched the spongy cheese and juicy peaches, both Thompson's, big and small, gazed out through the screened expanse—the swaying willows and elms and maples, glimpses of water through the trees, its ripples as dancing diamonds. The quiet, the silence, the beauty… and the unspoken love. A precious moment on the back porch between father and daughter, watching the sun set over The Pond.

A symphony greeted the pair as it did to all Beaverdalians every fair weather eve — the pulsating tones of the rarely seen but always heard bull frogs, males calling to females as the dying sunlight threw swaths of amber-lit rays over Dawson’s Farm across The Pond. 
“Barrump, barrump,” went the calls, some baritone, some bass, the guttural sounds reaching a crescendo as one call became two, then a bevy of calls, and soon an entire watery orchestra seemingly playing just for them.
Leigh returned to his newspaper, the Saturday edition of the Kitchener-Waterloo Record, a relaxing weekend activity along with his pipe smoking. Little Barbie caught a glimpse of the first inside page, and on it were black and white photos of men in helmets, carrying long guns and looking serious, or sad… or maybe afraid.
“Daddy, why do I keep seeing pictures of these men in your newspapers? They look like tin soldiers but bigger and real.”
“It’s a war, Little Barbie. Men have gone to war.”
“War, you mean like those World War II movies you watch?”
“Yes, like those movies, but real, and a different war. One we are not in... this time.”
“But those men, Daddy?”
“Yes. It’s a war Canadians care about but it's not about us, and it's not here, Little Barbie. You're safe, there's nothing to fear.”
Silence, once again, as Little Barbie continued to munch on this new-found dessert delight. She stole another glance at to her Dad. Despite his reassuring words, his face, in between puffs from his burled walnut pipe, had on it a serious, sombre expression. Little Barbie wondered why her Dad often looked so serious. Maybe that’s how you look when you’re old. Little Barbie didn’t want to grow up being so serious. To her it seemed like such a waste of time. 
The sun cast its last rays upon the still waters of The Pond and the barn at Dawson’s became a darkening purple hue. And as the bullfrogs ended their sing-song, so the crickets began theirs, and once darkness fell, fireflies flitted to and fro, and stars above lit up the night sky. Mona opened the side door, and whispered, “Bed time, Little Barbie,” but the little girl hesitated to go, the temperature still so warm… in the air, and with her Dad.
“Nighty-night, Daddy.”
“Night, Little Barbie.”
“I love you.”
Little Barbie padded to the side door and took one last look at her Dad, cross-legged and with a calm expression, puffing away on his pipe and gazing out into the nothingness. Some days are too perfect.
IV Daddy's Solo Drive






Uncle John and Aunt Mary, Leigh's older brother and sister-in-law, came for a visit from their home in Lake Country, Haliburton. A visit from Uncle John was all the excuse needed for an impromptu party. 
Earl adored John, as both were terrible jokesters, so as soon as the midnight blue Buick crunched down the gravel drive, Earl wandered over to our house where rye and Cokes were poured in quick succession. 
On this particular visit, the conversation wandered to golf and who could hit the longest drive. A silly topic, considering no one in Little Barbie's world ever played the sport.
“John, it's me. I'm a house builder and fireplace mason, all upper body. I'd beat your drive, hands down,” said Earl, with a wink.

“No, you're wrong. A former farm boy, lifting all those hay stooks and mixing cement now for Greenway. I'd drive a golf ball so far you wouldn't be able to see where it landed without a telescope,” said John, with a daring smirk.
On and on, the verbal duel went, as Little Barbie's Father listened to the two go at it from his easy chair, quietly rocking, pipe smoke lazy O’s rising into the ether. Some twenty minutes later, Leigh had had enough of this silly banter. Without a word, he retrieved a relic of a driver and a worn out golf-ball that had mysteriously found a home in the basement and headed for the dining room back door, its high cement stoop over-looking The Pond. Earl, Uncle John, Little Barbie and her Mom quick headed out back to have a clear view of the impending swing.
Leigh placed the ball on the cement, and taking no time to align, took a wide pendulum swing and sent the ball flying. SWOOSH! Higher and higher it went, clearing the back yard trees, the Pond, and finally landing on Dawson’s back pasture, the drive many hundreds of yards away. 
Leigh flashed Earl and John a look of disdain. He took the club back inside, closed the door, and returned to his easy chair, quietly rocking and smoking his pipe. Leigh hated any activity which had no real purpose in life. But if the gauntlet was thrown, then by gosh, winning was the only end. 

Little Barbie squealed, clapped and jumped up and down with glee.

Earl bent over, laughing uncontrollably. 

Mona shook her head and smiled, foreseeing the outcome.

And Uncle John stayed mum, fuming with jealousy.
Leigh never again held a golf club nor hit another golf ball. 
Thompson's like Little Barbie’s Dad rarely “do,” but when they do, they end the darn To Do.







V Family Tales and Cottontails on Easter Weekend






Next to Christmas, Little Barbie loved Easter, for what child couldn’t resist magically appearing chocolate bunnies on that special day. Yes, a solemn and sombre religious event, to be sure, but the joy at the rebirth of Christ was doubly celebrated with the gobbling and munching of that yummy bunny treat. Mr. Cottontail visited Little Barbie's home on this day, the sneaky bunny coming in the wee hours, depositing chocolate eggs here and chocolate bunnies there, when all the house slept. A tale was born about a tail that only a quick-witted Irishman could rightly tell. And it went something like this…
“Mona,” hollered Leigh, “that darn rabbit came here again. I thought I told you to lock all the doors.”
“I did, Leigh. I think last night he slid through the open laundry room window.”
“Well, look at the mess he made! Paw prints up and down the kitchen floor. What a gosh-darned mess! One of these days, rabbit stew!”
Little Barbie awoke from this rather raised-voice patter, and upon reaching the dining room saw the sandy, oval markings that looked, as far as she was concerned, like rabbit paws, coming and going all the way from the laundry room, via the kitchen and dining room, to the family room, where a big basket of goodies lay near the fireplace hearth. 
Oh, look! He came, he came! But Daddy is angry because of what a mess Mr. Cottontail made.
Little Barbie held a little girl look of guilt and shame, not really for the messy ways of Peter Cottontail, but for the joy she held inside upon seeing that bunny basket she felt sure was hers.
“Oh, Leigh, I'll mop up those paw prints in no time. Look, Little Barbie, your basket has arrived!”
Little Barbie ran to the hearth and spied under pretty pink cellophane and a gigantic satin bow all kinds of chocolate goodies wrapped in colourful foil and boxes. No tooth brushing this morning, no breakfast beforehand. No, today, it would be chocolate, followed by chocolate, to be washed down with more chocolate, as throughout the day, childless neighbours around Beaverdale would deliver Easter baskets to Little Barbie that she couldn’t begin to eat that could have easily fed Jesus’s five thousand. Rummaged remnants of those goodies would lie in her closet for months afterward until her Mom fished them out and did away with them. It was a miracle Little Barbie had any teeth at all!
After all the chocolate excitement had died down and the day's turkey dinner was heartily ate, Little Barbie's family—Mom, Dad, Aunt Greta and Uncle Pat, Leigh's older sister and brother-in-law from California, and Uncle John and Mary—sat down in the family room, as Mom set up the projector. It was Slide Night, a fairly regular occurrence when extended family were on hand. The slides were of past trips Little Barbie's parents had taken long before she was born, so for her it was an insight into the people who became her universe. Tonight's theme: skies. Mona had a penchant for photographing skies, expansive blue here, fluffy clouds there, brooding storm clouds and winter skies, photographed over many trips across Canada and into the eastern U.S. Tonight's locale: Virginia's Smoky Mountains and the Skyline Drive, circa 1947. Lights went out as the projector bulb went on, the white light rays landing on the big portable screen with dust particles floating and dancing in the heated air as the pictorial story unfolded. 
Little Barbie hunkered down on the plush red broadloom rug, her eyes sinking into the glowing albeit faded colour images, her mind's eye diving deep into those vistas as if she herself had been there. This exotic land called America entranced Little Barbie, and seeing her parents so young, driving cars that looked so ancient, wearing clothes that were nothing like the clothes adults wore now, was exhilarating.
Mom would shuffle the slides as Dad narrated, his deep, hard-R, North Irish brogue heralded date, place, and vista, and the hardship or adventures the couple had driving there. Wonder washed over Little Barbie's face as each scene flipped onto the screen, one slide popping up after another, with an occasional glance around the room to view the expressions of her family members. The six adults surrounding her were already more than a half century her seniors, and far more conservative in carriage and expression than the wee girl, sporting composed but focused looks as they listened to Leigh’s tale. 
Little Barbie's mind wandered, wondering how she would ever fit into such a proper and upright clan, for even at a young age, she never felt composed nor proper. No laughing, no joking, no boisterous noise came from these adult souls, merely some verbal acknowledgement and appreciation of each scene was as far as the emotions ran. Despite the disconnect, Little Barbie felt cloaked in security around these people. They looked like her and she like them, and unspoken love abounded. 
It was on nights like this that Little Barbie felt certain no harm would ever reach her in this protective castle she called home.
VI Driveway Treasures and the Show-Down with Mrs. Killdeer
Some days were meant for stillness, for absorbing the world below one’s feet, the tiny things that adults pass by that children care for so very much — stones, rocks, pebbles, the shiny and sparkly quartz pieces that filled Little Barbie's long driveway in front of her home.
“I know there are precious stones in here. All I have to do is sit cross-legged and search!” 
And search Little Barbie did, for hours at a time, her tiny hands sifting through the dusty ore, collecting only the choicest pieces, the polished pebbles which begged to be gathered into clear plastic bags to be adopted and cherished. 
The long gravel drive that made a lazy arc through the acreage and up to Beaverdale Road held a bevy of treasures besides mere stones. Little Barbie would find gnarled twigs calved from the neighbouring maple, elm and spruce trees or the odd swatch of birch bark that she could write on like paper, or the sight of black beetles in search of the day’s meal or a lady bug clamouring over the stones, no doubt late for a tea party with other lady bugs. 
 “Squawk! Ack! Squawk!” screeched Mrs. Killdeer, the mommy bird who every year made the very middle of the Thompson driveway her official nesting grounds.
“Go away, fly away, Mrs. Killdeer, I'm hunting treasures!” yelled Little Barbie, but to no avail. The aggressive feathered foe stood her ground, her chest puffed and her wings unfurled, hop-jumping in Little Barbie's direction, as if to say, “Get any closer to my eggs, Little Barbie, and I will peck you!”
Little Barbie reversed course and sat a safe distance away, wondering how she would ever glean the good rocks around this defensive mom. She walked left, Mrs. Killdeer turned left. She flanked right. Mrs. Killdeer turned right. There was no escape from this feathered warrior and no hope of recovering the treasures which lay in her guarded lair.
“Oh, Mrs. Killdeer, why can't you lay your eggs where they are safe? Nesting in rocks in the middle of the driveway, my Daddy will surely run over you!” cried Little Barbie.
“Oh, what you say doesn't scare me at all. I nest where my eggs can glean warmth from the sun and the little rocks acts as a radiator for that heat like your fireplaces do for you on cold nights. Nobody will hurt me or my eggs. We are a family and a family sticks together, so be on your way, Little Barbie, examine the rocks behind me. You have an entire driveway full, and you don't need mine,” squawked Mommy Killdeer, never one to appreciate an inquisitive child’s mind.
With a sigh and slumped shoulders, Little Barbie did what Mrs. Killdeer said, and she sifted in front and behind the feisty mom. But she often wondered, what is more important, feathery new beginnings? Or riches beyond compare? 
Or were they one and the same?















Summer
May flowers blossomed and bloomed. The rich colours of Beaverdale mixed and mingled, a mélange of life — flora and fauna. 
The Pond bristled with early morning activity and the valley buzzed with farming tractor growls and lawn mower hums, Canada Geese squawks and errant cattle moos, the putt-putting of fishing boats and the echoing mallard duck calls. 
Afternoons held a good old Pond splash from giggling kiddies, an insisted upon daily activity overseen by obliging parents, as well as wild apple munching and daisy chain making amid the tall grasses. 
In the evening, families in all the houses surrounding The Pond gathered on their porches for sunset cocktails and relaxed conversation. This was Beaverdale summertime, as good as life gets. 

I Swinging, Thinking and Dandelion Wows






Several years before Little Barbie was born, Earl had constructed two swings and a teeter-totter that bordered both properties, the play set made out of thick hardwood, cast iron poles and thick chain link. It had been a labour of love for their only child, Jann. But when Little Barbie arrived, those playthings became hers, for Jann was older and had abandoned little girl past-times.
A long swing to gather one's thoughts was a daily necessity for Little Barbie. Somehow at the tender ages of four to ten, much had to be digested and analysed, the world already a complicated place for this old-soul country girl. Swing-thinking, as it turned out, is similar to enrolling in a Philosophy 101 class. Between the swinging out’s and the swinging in’s, you’d attempt to make sense of this nonsensical world. Musings could go thus…

Why is my Grade One teacher trying to tell me to colour clouds white and skies blue when on white paper blue clouds make more sense and white skies don't have to be coloured at all? Now, if Miss Day gave us blue paper, well, then, okay... I think adults lack common sense.
The swinging would continue, wider and wider arcs the more frustrated or puzzled Little Barbie became...
My Mom is worried because I really like to colour in black and white. I heard her tell Daddy there might be something “wrong” with me and that I may have to “talk” to someone. There's nothing wrong with me! I talk to people all the time! Colouring in black and white is easier... less time wasted on crayon colour decisions, more time for colouring, and my drawings are way more noticeable because all the rest of my classmates are drawing in colour. Why don't adults make sense?
When no viable answer was on offer, Little Barbie's swinging would stop, her sneakers skidding on the ground that was a patch of worn grass grooved into a silty depression. She pressed one sneaker firmly into the powdery dirt, carefully lifted her shoe and gazing at the imprint, and whispered, “One small step for Little Barbie; one giant leap for mankind.” 
An ant crawled next to her foot, reared up on his hind legs and gave Little Barbie a standing ovation.
Smiling at Andy Ant who had always been her greatest fan, she sat still on the wooden seat, feeling the heavy steel loops of the swing chain in her hands, further pondering…
How do people make hard stuff? Is there a mould, like Mommy's jelly mould, and you put hard stuff in it when it's first born and then shape it into things like poles and loops? But how do the loops get linked together?
Andy Ant, who had so graciously clapped at Barbie's NASA Apollo 11 performance, carried over one tiny dandelion as a bouquet for the theatrical girl. She graciously accepted the flower, and as Andy Ant wandered off in search of leafy salad for his nighty meal, Little Barbie realised the entire yard was alive with dandelions, and she knew her Mommy hated them. 
Swinging back and forth with fierce delight, her feet skidding the ground, she mused…
I know what! I'll pick them all! I'll keep them all for myself like a million Andy Ant bouquets and hide them in my closet. My Mom will be so happy they are all gone from the yard!
Little Barbie ran into the kitchen to ask her Mom if it was alright to pluck away, and she said, “Yes! Great idea, and for each paper bag you fill, I'll give you 10 pennies.”
Holy cow! That's ten penny candy's worth! Why didn’t I think of this sooner?
Little Barbie was as happy as a squirrel at a nut convention. Her idea was a boon. And as it happened, she had no further plans scheduled for that afternoon like creating world peace or feeding the hungry.
Out she ran with a pile of brown paper grocery bags and the energy of ten men. Picking, crouching, crawling, and picking some more, all through the afternoon and all over the mighty acreage, back to front. Little Barbie soon became tired but she was not a quitter. Come heck or high Pond water, this yard was would be picked clean, even if she had to have Mr. Moon light her efforts.
“Dinnertime, Little Barbie, come in!” called Mona. Luckily Little Barbie was on the last patch of unplucked grass. Pick, pluck, pick, pluck, faster and faster, the last bag finally filled.
“I'm coming. Mommy. Look what I did! I picked the whole yard!”
And to Mona's amazement the entire yard had been picked clean by her Do-or-Die daughter.
“Four bags, well, that's forty pennies, Little Barbie, what a great job you did!”
Little Barbie sat down to a pork chop, mashed potatoes, peas and carrots, and ravenously ate.
The next morning, Little Barbie rose, so content with life now that she had an investment portfolio and a steady summer job. Her Daddy gave her a royal blue velvet Crown Royal liquor bag to store her pennies. She felt sure this stash would hold her over for candy to the better part of middle-age, or age seven, whichever came first.
Little Barbie walked to the living room window to admire her yard clearing efforts when her eyeballs did a Loony-Tunes cartoon springing back and forth thing in horror.
“Mommy, Daddy, they're back! They're back! All my picking, it's like I never picked!” 
Little Barbie ran back to the porch where she had left the four bags and they were gone! Vanished! Mona met her at the door, smiled, and said, “Yes, that’s strange. I noticed your bags were gone and the dandelions were back. They mustn’t have wanted to be picked.”
A forlorn look crept upon Little Barbie's face, and right away Mona added, “Oh, you get to keep the pennies. You did a good job. It's not our fault dandelions are magical.”
Little Barbie, with a bright smile plastered upon her face, hopped and skipped to the back yard swings, to assess the situation…
Dandelions. Magical. Still so many unanswered questions. Maybe I better stay in school a little bit longer. 
Andy Ant crawled by, and whispered, “Good idea, Little Barbie, for if you pluck all the dandelions I don't know what I'd give you as a bouquet.”
Logic. Reason. 
Sound and found, always, when swinging. 
II “Sitting On the Dock of the Bay”

Nat King Cole is right! It's a lazy, hazy, crazy day of summer, Little Barbie mused, as she wandered down to Earl's boat dock.
“Hi, Jann, what ya doin'?” said a rather contented, yet curious, Little Barbie.
“Nothing much, just listening to the radio,” Jann replied, lying tummy-down on a beach blanket with a small black leather-cased transistor radio by her side that blared out the top 40 singles by artists who sang those songs a world away from Beaverdale. Jann lived in the white brick ranch-styled house to the left of Little Barbie's. Once Beaverdale neighbours, it took no time at all for the two girls to become fast friends despite Jann being nine years older.
The dock was long and narrow, made of sun-bleached, rough-honed maple wood, well-aged but strong. In the blazing summer sun, a constant heat radiated off its beams, and once a towel was laid down, it was the perfect place to lie away a lazy, hazy, crazy day of summer.
“I've got a pitcher of lemonade up at the porch, you want some, Little Barbie?”
“Um, please. I love lemonade. It makes my cheeks go funny.”
Jann laughed. She rose from her beach towel and went to get the drinks. Little Barbie laid down and let the sun's warmth envelope her body, as she listened to a song playing on the radio, Otis Redding's, “Sitting On The Dock Of The Bay.”
Little Barbie smiled. I'm doing that right now! I'll just imagine a bay — having no real idea what a bay was she conjured up some kind of industrial site with forklifts and workmen in overalls, Otis sitting on crates, singing this song, only to her. She hummed along as he sang. 
To Little Barbie this was her first brush with Fate — the perfect song at the perfect time. Nothing could make this moment any better. She reached her hand into the placid water and made circle shapes to fan out ripples that she hoped would reach across to Dawson's Farm. 
The massive willow tree above Little Barbie, the largest of three near the dock, swish-whispered, “Don’t get sunburned by Mr. Sun, Little Barbie. Stay under my shade.”
“Thank you, I will, Willy, your shade is great on a day like this.”
“Did I ever tell you the story of the railway men?” Willy Willow swished.
“No. What railway men?”
“Well, a long time ago, there was a railway line that went beside Chilligo Creek, carrying goods throughout the valley, and the railway men who maintained the line built and lived in these tiny shacks. They even placed the plate glass windows at severe angles to protect the glass from vibration shatter.”
“Is that really true or are you making fun?”
“Willows never lie, Little Barbie. We stand mightily for the Truth.”
“Where are the railway men now?”
“Oh, they're long gone... and they're here.”
“Oh, Willy, now I know you're making fun. People can't be gone and here at the same time.”
“Yes they can, Little Barbie. It's the truth. They are watching you now. They are ghosts.”
Little Barbie bolted upright and spied all around, her eyes as big as an owl's on the hunt. Slack-jawed, she looked for anything resembling Casper, the Friendly Ghost, as up to now that was the only ghost she knew. Only the clapping of ripples under the dock and the swishing of Willy's leafy branches filled her senses.
When nothing ghost-like appeared, Little Barbie settled back down on the towel and gave Willy Willow a harsh stare. Arms crossed, not thinking twice that having a conversation with a willow tree was anything abnormal, the little girl said, “Willy, there are no ghosts here. Besides, Jann would have told me and she wouldn’t have left me here on my own to be haunted by any invisible railway men.”
“Little Barbie, these men are helpful not harmful. They still inhabit all the shacks that dot the water's edge, searching at night with ghostly lanterns for any faults or nefarious goings-on along the long gone railway line. They keep the entire Beaverdale valley safe, Little Barbie, back then, now and forevermore.”
“Wow, so they are not bad ghosts. They are like Casper!”
“Yes, Little Barbie. Good ghosts. They will keep you safe.”
“Thanks for letting me know. Will I ever see them? Talk to them?”
“They are shy and serious about their job, but I shall never say never. Believe, wait, and hope. Wondrous things happen down by The Pond.”
Little Barbie smiled. She was at peace with the new world around her. Jann reappeared with a tray of lemonade and a plate of maple sugar cookies.
Taking the ice cold glass in hand, Little Barbie said, “Jann, we are lucky to live here, aren't we?”
“We sure are, Little Barbie. Not everyone has what we have.”
Flashing a smile and a wink at Willy Willow and taking a sideways glance at the crooked picture window in the old railway shack, Little Barbie added, “You're right. We have, uh, things around us no one else may ever see.”














III Row-Boat Wonders and a Shocking Trip to “The Island”

Row-boat trips held special surprises each time Jann and Little Barbie ventured onto The Pond. To the north, the Pond water narrowed and became an ideal home for cattails, lily-pads and sported an outcropping of land we locals called “The Island.” It was like Disneyland's Treasure Island, minus the pirates. The goal was to take to the water for a leisurely jaunt, to see what nature had sprung to life after the spring thaw. 
The ribbit-ribbit of tiny frogs and the chirping of nesting baby birds could be heard among the tall grasses which enveloped the small craft. The boat made a hissing sound as it glided through the lush glades, Jann taking care with the paddles not to steer too close to the nesting creatures. We came upon a gaggle of goslings, so tiny and fury and sweet, their mother absent, obviously searching for food. We watched for a while, then rowed on. Next came a host of cattails, so majestic and vibrant in their watery realm, the buzzing of flies incessant among the tall, chocolate-brown velvet tails. The grouping swayed to and fro in the breeze that seemed to pick up the closer Jann rowed to The Island. Mr. Jumping Frog came by on a lily pad, and said, “Hi, Little Barbie, long time no see. What you doin' out this way today?”
“I came out to see how you’re all doing after that nasty winter we had. I was especially afraid for you, Mr. Jumping Frog, sleeping under all that ice, no warmth, no sunshine, no food.”
“Oh, my belly was full and the pond mud kept me warm. I ate some juicy bugs and mealy worms before the cold snap hit and that helped me go to sleep.”
“Well, now that I've found you, and you're doing so splendidly, what's been going on with everybody else at this end of The Pond?”
“Well, Mrs. Dolly Duck had some babies just the other week and Benny Beaver built an addition onto his dam condominium. He's been a busy beaver, as they say.”
Little Barbie giggled. Such a funny thing to say about an actual beaver.
“Well, we’re headed over to Benny’s now. I can't wait to see how Benny and Betty Beaver and the kits are doing. Mable Maple told me just yesterday that Betty had a couple of babies. I'd sure like to see them but I know I probably won't. Such a shame. The Beavers are such a shy and protective lot.”
And with that, Jann carefully rowed past Mr. Jumping Frog, as his wife and the three kiddie frogs jumped out from a back lily pad to wave goodbye. 
The beaver dam came into sight, a monstrosity compared to how it was last Autumn, with large shafts of tree branches sticking up, huge piles of dead leaves and smaller sticks, and hay from Dawson's Farm stuffed into openings, leaving only a trickle of water heading north of the structure. Little Barbie knew that below the water the real dam lay, where the rooms for Benny's family and a water-cooled pantry were formed should the weather turn nasty or human beings get too close to their foraging grounds.
“Hello, Mr. Beaver, so nice of you to pop-up and say Hi. I was wondering if you and your Missus would be too busy with your new babies to come up for a visit.”
“We wouldn't miss you for all the world, Little Barbie” said Benny, as he gnashed on some birch bark. We know you care for our family down here and are not determined to destroy our home.”
“Nobody should destroy anyone's home. It's the one and only place where a family can feel safe, loved, and content.”
“So right, you are, Little Barbie. Where are you off to next?”
“The Island. Jann and I want to see if any pirates have landed and taken over the place since the spring thaw. Or if boys have invaded our secret spot. We long decided it should be a no-pirate, no-boys island.”
“Well, I've been on your island to gather wood for my dam extension and the place has been empty of souls the entire spring.”
“Well, I'm sure Earl and my parents will soon change that, being that they have a need to have one or two picnic table parties there each year. Adults seem to need picnic tables on The Island in order to have fun. I've not quite figured out why. Maybe it’s because they bring so many bottles of things when they party.”
That thought hung in the air for some time as Benny Beaver waved good bye to Little Barbie, the new Daddy plop-diving deep into his watery abode.
Jann moored up to the west end and the girls climbed out and took their first steps onto land. The island seemed too quiet. The odd creaking of a tree limb and the scrunching-crunch of last year's dead leaves under foot were the only sounds as they made tracks further inland. Sure enough, one of Earl's picnic tables remained and was as sturdy and intact as it had been when they first hauled it out, standing at the ready for this year's onslaught of adult merriment. Jann and Little Barbie took a seat opposite one another and just breathed in the air—a melange of musky odours—the sweet smell of new grown grass, hints of wild lavender and the acrid smell of golden rod which grew willy-nilly throughout. Three great maples stood tall behind the girls, their giant limbs bending back and forth in the soft summer breeze.
Whispering, Little Barbie said, “Looks like we’re alone. No pirates, no boys and certainly no boy pirates. They are the worst.”
“Jann smiled, “Yes, Barbie, our secret island we have all to ourselves. Should we walk along, see what we can see?”
“Yes, let's!”
And with that, the pair took leave of the picnic table which groaned upon their flight, and the girls made a haphazard loop around the oval-shaped island, stepping gingerly over boulders and bushes and muddy depressions to take stock of their secret paradise. When they approached the end closest to Dawson's Farm, Camilla Cow came waddling over in the shallow water, and her quiet appearance gave Little Barbie a fright.
“Oh, Camilla, no! Don't step in the water! There's a fence between you and me and there's a sign with big red letters and a lightning bolt on it, and I think that means there is electricity. You'll get shocked!”
“Electri-what?” asked Camilla of Little Barbie, her head cocked as she belted out a moo. “I've been here countless times, walking alongside this fence. A fence is a fence is a fence, of course.”
Little Barbie leaned over in an attempt to touch the fence when Jann quickly yanked at her arm.
“No, Little Barbie, it's best not to touch. You and Camilla should be on your separate ways.”
Camilla and Little Barbie nodded their heads in agreement and off waddled Camilla Cow towards her farm field as Farmer Dawson rang his triangle, the chime signalling to the herd to gather near the barn for the night.
As the sun began to set on the metal electricity warning sign, the two girls headed back home.
Nobody had the courage to approach it ever again... not even Camilla Cow.
It had been a wonderful and exciting summer's day, gently rowing around The Pond.





IV Surprises in Sandra’s Barn







Situated high on a hill above Fisher's Mill, Little Barbie’s friend, Sandra, lived on a farm with a barn that held many an adventure for the two little girls. Sandra was a long-haired brunette beauty and such a nice girl. She would invite Little Barbie over to play in the barn, an eerie but enthralling century's old structure made of sturdy granite field stone and thick weather-aged maple boards honed from trees no longer found that massive in southern Ontario. For these two girls barn wonders would not disappoint. Entering the double doors of the vaulted ceiling structure gave an immediate relief from the sweltering heat and humidity, as the shade and cool moisture coming from the piled hay bales took the temperature down many degrees. It was always fun for Sandra and Little Barbie to run and hop and jump and play in the varying heights of the hay stacks, and today was no different, until Little Barbie reached the far right corner of the barn and heard an unusual sound. Hissing, or swishing, a kind of soft sliding sound, the noise igniting only when Little Barbie moved her feet.
“Sandra, come up here. There's the weirdest sound.”
Sandra made her way up the stacked heights and both girls leaned in to listen. There it was again, the hissing, swishing, sliding sound.
“You girls, get down from there. That's no safe place for you to be!” called out Sandra’s Father.
Little Barbie and Sandra did what they were told, with no retort nor questions asked. Sandra’s Father was a fine man and a knowledgeable farmer, and in those days and in that valley, a father's word was law.
Once the girls were safely down, Sandra’s Father said, “That corner of the hay loft holds a nest of garter snakes who come back every year to have babies because they like the safety, the darkness, the warmth and the moisture. Leave them be.” Little Barbie breathed a sigh of relief that she had not ventured in any further!
Before leaving the barn, and by now it was close to midday, the girls spied a line of twelve ebony-coloured bats, their bodies at least a foot long. They had flown in and perched on top of a giant cross beam, and in slow unison, folded their wings and swung upside down to hang from the beam by their hind claws, in the hopes of napping before their sunset mosquito hunt. Each was menacing in its stillness, their beady black eyes slowly closing in slumber. Little Barbie and Sandra looked up in amazement, then remembered the hissing snakes. Without another word, for this was far too much scariness in one place, they high-tailed it from the barn as Sandra’s Father chuckled and shook his head in dismay. The girls took a beeline to the wide open, sunshine-filled safety of the vegetable garden, for solace could be had among the placid lines of peas, carrots and bell peppers.
“I never knew there was so many scary things in barns,” Little Barbie said.
“Me neither. Now I know why my Dad always shoos me out of there at this hour. Maybe afternoons in barns is like dusk on The Pond — scary animal time.”
Little Barbie nodded. Sandra plucked two green peppers fresh off their vines and the girls munched on them like apples, wandering over to a sprawling old oak tree that sat at the south end of the farm house, offering shade under its massive limbs. The original plan had been to slide down the grain shoot like a playground slide, without Sandra’s Father finding out. Unbeknownst to the little girls, grain shoots were made of razor sharp sheet metal that could slice off a limb, if so inclined. There had been enough excitement for one day. Both tykes deciding that barns must be painted red as a warning sign to ward off curious little girls.
V A Corner Store, Battered Pride, and Love in the Park






There was never a reason not to bike into the small town of Hespeler and visit the Shaw Avenue West corner store. And on this Saturday summer’s eve, Little Barbie decided to bike in ahead of her parents, who were late in getting ready for the party at Audrey and Gord’s. Adults and kids alike had been invited to the three storey red brick mansion located at 210 Guelph Avenue at Shaw Avenue West. 
Weekend adult cocktail parties were the norm rather than the exception throughout Little Barbie's life, for her parent's social circle was lively and close knit, always including the kids in whatever party plans were made (it varied, but on average, a dozen adults and a half dozen kids.) Gord was a well-respected businessman and Audrey was a housewife and Hespeler socialite. Everyone always had fun at Audrey and Gord’s. The couple had three boys and no girls, so Little Barbie was like an adopted daughter to them. Lavish attention, deserved or not, was always heaped upon the wee girl.
While the adults drank and talked adult talk and the teenagers did teenager things in the TV room, Little Barbie would prowl the home, top to bottom, pretending to be a princess in this vast castle of countless rooms, all very formal and well-appointed—French Provençal furnishings, fine chintz and damask upholstery, gigantic wood mouldings and sparkling chandeliers, and picture windows framed in casings that went floor to vaulted ceiling. The cherry on top of this proverbial mansion cake was a lovely swimming pool glistening in the side yard that Little Barbie pretended was a moat to keep away the invading hordes. 
Many guests had already arrived with their older kids in tow, and a quartet of girls—Jann, Kim, Susan and Little Barbie—headed to the corner store to pick up pop as cocktail mix for the adults. Little Barbie, being the youngest, always felt a wee bit left out, always striving to be as “mod” and as cool as her teenager counterparts.
Pop bottles, any size back then, were made out of thick and heavy glass, and although they had purchased small bottles of each type, a large bottle of Coke was bought as many of the guests drank rye and Coke.
“Let me carry the big bottle,” Little Barbie said.
“No,” said Kim, “it's too big for you.”
“I'm not little! I'm big now! My Mom is always saying what a big girl I am. I can do it. Please, let me carry it.”
And so with resignation, the girls did. With her head held high and shoulders back with a wide grin plastered on her rosy-cheeked face, Little Barbie started out, one or two little-girl strides ahead of the others, to prove she was as or more capable than them in carrying a big pop bottle. Little Barbie was bursting with pride. She could be considered one of the “big kids” now, doing things that big kids do. 
The side-walks on Shaw Avenue were very old, the rectangular slabs suffering under many years of frigid winters and spring frost heaves made them rough and uneven, and presenting a footing challenge with every step. With her nose in the air to match her bursting ego, Little Barbie didn't see the upturned lip and her right foot caught the edge of a slab and down her little body fell, the large Coke bottle smashing, jagged shards of bottle glass slicing into her right palm. That gash bled like Old Faithful, and on seeing the blood, Little Barbie began to howl. She scrambled up on her shaking legs and ran all the way back to the mansion, a jagged blood trail left down the middle of the side-walk.
The wives who had congregated in Audrey's kitchen witnessed Little Barbie burst into the side door, wailing, cupping her wounded hand, blood pooling then over-flowing onto the linoleum floor. The women gathered around their adopted chickadee and soon washed and dressed the hand, and Little Barbie's tears subsided with their loving attention, even if the throbbing pain did not. 
When Leigh and Mona arrived, Little Barbie ran to her parents, showed them her bandaged hand, hugged them tight and smiled through new tears, saying, “I'm okay. It was the sidewalk's fault. I'm still a big girl, right?” 
All the adults fawned over Little Barbie that night which was a boon. She cuddled on her Father's lap for quite a while which in and of itself was a public treat. To take her mind off her wound, Gord decided to abandon his own party, and take the wee girl to a baseball game that was being held at the nearby Victoria Park on Fisher Mills Road. And although she was so happy to be by his side, this big, burly man she idolized making time just for her, the pain and throbbing in her hand never subsided and actually increased in the evening chill. 
Little Barbie never hinted at her discomfort. She acted in front of Gord that she was happy and everything was alright, for that's what big girls do for the people they love. Little Barbie was indeed slowly, growing up. A starry summer's night to remember, bandaged ego and all. 
VI The Night the Party Ended Up at the Haunted House

The backyard picnic table dinner party started off as all backyard parties did at Earl and Ruby's. Once the charcoal briquettes crept up to a charbroiling temperature, which in those flimsy tripod stands seemed to take several lifetimes, Earl, Ruby, Leigh and Mona would take turns supplying the T-Bone steaks and corn on the cob and all the fixings and lay it out on the massive picnic table Earl had near his back porch. The undulating lawn, the swaying willows, the shoreline shacks and the glistening water was the backdrop to these wonderful summer feasts.
The sun shone strong on this Saturday afternoon and the humidity level was off the charts, so T-shirts and shorts was the dress of all who attended the BBQ. The adults became pretty tipsy, pretty fast on their cocktails drank amid the sweltering heat. After dinner, the liquor continued to flow, as did on this particular night one adult’s penchant to theatrically perform. 
Little Barbie's Mom, always the reserved type, always the one in control and ever the lady no matter her attire, this evening swapped reservation for animation, based on the unproven premise that one cocktail under the sun had to be better sipped if others followed. And before anyone noticed, Mona in her inebriation hopped up onto the picnic table and began to recite, from memory, all four stanzas and all 32 lines of Rudyard Kipling's iconic poem, “IF-.”
If you can keep your head when all about you
Are losing theirs and blaming it on you;
If you can trust yourself 
When all men doubt you
But make allowance for their doubting too;
…
Yours is the Earth and everything that's in it,
And – which is more – you'll be a man, my son!
Mona had never been this boisterous in all of Little Barbie's life, so as she stood tall on the picnic table and regaled everyone, arms a-flailing in emotion-riddled gestures, the words flowing in semi-slurred syllables, the adults were in awe, slack-jawed and in shock. Then began the stifled giggles, for no one, but no one, saw this grandiose display coming from such a reserved woman. 
Little Barbie, on the other hand, was disturbed and really rather not amused, ruminating, how dare my Mommy act so silly. She's the normal one in my family. She can't act silly. That's my job and my Dad's!
But, of course, Little Barbie's Mom could act silly. Everyone can, and occasionally should, to vent unseen stress accumulated even in an idyllic setting. 
A standing ovation and endless rounds of applause were the figurative red roses thrown to Little Barbie's theatrical Mom. As soon as Mona heard the applause and realized what she had done, her face lit up like a red lantern and quick as a hare she hopped down from the table, desperately trying to fade into the party background. Leigh had such a prideful smile on his face Little Barbie was sure it would tear at the edges.
No one at that get-together attempted to top that after-dinner performance until someone suggested that the party should leave Earl’s and head across The Pond to visit Beaverdale's “Haunted House.”
“Haunted House!” Little Barbie squealed, excited and secretly scared to death that such a place existed so close.
Regaining her composure, Mona knelt down, and with an all-knowing grin, said, “It's not a real haunted house, Little Barbie, just an old abandoned farm house down from Dawson's. There are no ghosts there; they’re just kidding with you.”  
“Okay, but are we going?  Can we go?” Little Barbie said, insistent, gleeful, jumping up and down.
“It's nearing dusk, Little Barbie, I don't think it would be a good idea for you to go. You would probably be scared.”
“I promise, Mommy, I won't be scared. I've watched the Casper the Friendly Ghost cartoon tons of times and I hardly ever jump anymore when he say Boo!”      
Well, it was hard for Mona to argue with that kind of logic. So, as wary as she was to have Little Barbie tagging along, adults and kids piled into the sedans and drove down Chilligo Road to reach the abandoned farm house. 
It was set back on a fallow patch of land quite a ways north of the last vestiges of The Pond, and the driveway in was peppered with uneven muddy depressions and tall uncut grass and weeds. The ramshackle house, with only two small window panes, one upstairs and one down, was sunken in on the right side, its exterior a shabby grey, its weather-beaten porch beams violently listing. 
The playful crowd spilled out of the cars and formed a haphazard line to enter the unlocked and sad little abode. The floor boards creaked in a furious way as everyone pressed their palms tight against the right wall, the steep angle of the sunken structure giving eyesight vertigo. Little Barbie followed her Mom, the men having been the first in line to enter and were well upstairs before the women and children barely reached the kitchen. Gord and Earl were in a devilish mood, so once they made it upstairs, one of the two of them let out a guttural, bestial call — a monstrous sound to Little Barbie’s ears.
Well, that’s all it took for the wee tot to let out a blood-curdling scream of her own and high-tail right out of the house, leaving her Mom, her Dad, and everyone else inside to die at the hands of the “monster.” Survival of the fittest must have been an early adopted motto of this wee lass, for if there was a monster in that house, by gosh, it would eat her dust! 
Little Barbie ran and ran as fast as her little legs would take her, all the way back to Chilligo Road. And if no one survived to come start the cars, her Plan B was to run, run, run, all the way home. With Little Barbie, obviously it’s a Survival of the Fittest mindset.
The adults, of course, eventually piled out, and their laughter could not be contained. Even Mona giggled at her wee girl.
“That's what you get for being so nosey, Missy. Maybe next time you'll decide to stay home,” said Mona, in between stifled laughs, offering reassuring hugs for her wee bug-eyed girl.
Her Mom was right, of course. 
As in cats, as in Little Barbie, curiosity could be a terrible curse.                      
VII Teenage Games with Little Barbie







Curiosity kills cats, or so they say, but it can also leave psychological dents in a wee girl far too curious for her own good. If Little Barbie hung around bored teenagers long enough, you knew strange things would occur, especially with her enthusiasm to join in, no matter who was suggesting what.
And so it was… teenage pastime adventures with Little Barbie, to while away the hours while their parents socialized. There were worse things to do than dent a wee girl’s mind, the teens figured. It was like having your very own living Barbie doll, after all.
There’s a bevy of such moments. Some more silly that others…
The Lincoln Séance - Michael, Kim Jann and Susan decided to have a séance and bring back President Lincoln. Little Barbie had no idea what a séance did or who this Lincoln fellow was, but she was game — an impressionable lamb to the slaughter.
The kids turned out the lights in Earl’s basement card-playing room, lit a candle, held hands and whispered pleas to this fellow to appear and grace them with his ghostly presence. Little Barbie, wide-eyed, looked around the darkened room and at the hollowed-out expressions on her older friends’ faces when a rapping knock sounded at the doorway, and out popped a silhouette of a man with a pointy hat!
Little Barbie screamed and pushed by the ghostly figure and ran upstairs yelling, “Mommy! Mommy! It’s a ghost! Lincoln is back! Lincoln is back!”
The ghost was Michael, of course, wearing one of Earl’s orange construction cones on his head. It wasn’t the black top hat of Lincoln fare, but when you’re six years old, any shape and colour will do. Michael’s Mom, Audrey, scolded her son for the mean trick and the kids got a talking to by Earl, but no matter, Little Barbie recovered to live another day, and another trick. She was nothing if not resilient.

Hide & Seek At Dusk – a favourite summertime game when all the kids amassed at our Beaverdale properties. Once the sun set, the acreages around the Pond filled with shadows big and small, with countless hiding spots around trees, bushes and buildings. It was time for Hide & Seek, and all the kids scattered like the wind! The adults would often join in; the excitement was palpable.
We’d run and hide and hope we’d not be found. Throughout the two properties you’d hear the seekers yell BOO! And the hiders would scream and laugh. Little Barbie, knowing her lakeside world so well, would hide as if to disappear, the game long over and people long calling her name, “Barbie, Barbie, come out now!”
The teenage game made her scared, but in a fun way. Little Barbie’s screams turned out to the loudest if she were ever caught by those sneaky teenagers or her crafty Dad.
High Finance 101 – The girls — Jann, Kim and Susan — thought it was about time that Little Barbie learned about money. So, one day, they sat her down in Earl’s card playing room, fished out three coins — a quarter, a dime, and a nickel — and asked Little Barbie how much money laid there. She replied, “Three cents.”
“No, Little Barbie. It’s 40 cents. See. 25 plus 10 plus 5 equals 40 cents,” said Kim.
Little Barbie watched and listened but felt sure Kim was dead wrong. After all, Little Barbie wasn’t born yesterday. She knew things when she saw them. Three things, three cents. Of that there could be no doubt.
The girls tried for an hour, different coins, different amounts, but no one could budge the little girl from her Thing-to-Cent logic.
Even Little Barbie’s accountant Mom was drafted downstairs and help with the lesson, but not even Mona could right this illogical ship. Eventually, the girls gave up in frustration. Before they left, they asked, “Little Barbie, do you want to keep the coins?”
“No. I like pennies. They buy penny candy. There’s no pennies here.”
Moral of the Story: High finance acumen starts early, or it never starts at all.
The Making of a Singing Star – In Earl’s rec room, Jann and Little Barbie would listen for hours to Jann’s .45 records and the pair would sing along to The Beatles, Jann’s favourite band. Barbie cared for them not, but if Jann listened to this floppy haired gang, she felt sure it was the “cool” thing to do, and that maybe expanding her musical repertoire beyond Frank Sinatra and the Rat Pack was a good idea. 

Jann noticed Little Barbie closing her eyes all the way through the songs, and said, “Why are your eyes closed?”
“Because that’s what singers do. Tom Jones, Dean Martin, they all close their eyes when they sing.”
“Oh, yes, when they feel the emotion, but not all the way through a song. How ‘bout I teach you how to sing like a star?”
Oh boy! This was it! Little Barbie’s chance at singing stardom! She knew fame was in the cards! She ran home and grabbed her pink skipping rope, ran back and prepared to be schooled.
“I’ve got my microphone,” Barbie said, pointing to the skipping rope. Jann smiled, plopped Little Barbie on the card table and started a record. Barbie sang the song with her eyes closed. 
“Open your eyes, Little Barbie.”
Barbie tried again, and again closed her eyes. 
“Barbie, keep your eyes open.”
After four or five tries, Jann abandoned the lesson. 
Barbie was bound and determined to sing blind. 
Not that she would know for many years, but it didn’t do Ray Charles or Stevie Wonder any harm.










Autumn
A time of rest in Beaverdale. The maple, oak and elm trees shed their leaves and the land became a mix of rustic red, amber and golden yellow hues as those vein-filled pointy tree “hands” gently wafted to the ground. Animals began to burrow, making nests which would protect them from winter's fury, and many a swimming creature in The Pond yawned and grew sleepy, hibernation soon at hand. Harvesting, canning, a mainstay of activity for the local residents, and a time to take stock of what had been reaped through the hustle and bustle months of spring and summer's sow.
Leaf jumping for kiddies was a have-to sport and tartan wool jackets and matching hats replaced the carefree summertime shorts and shirts. It was a runny noses and rosy cheeks time of year. Back to Maple Grove School, if you're old enough; back to big kid schools in Hespeler, if you're really old. Little Barbie figured she’d never get that old.
The soft and quiet grasses of summertime morphed into a leaf-crunchy realm, where tree branches creaked and Canada Geese honked out their final goodbyes, as the clear blue autumn skies filled with giant wing-flapping Vs, all points headed south.
At nightfall, the loons still cooed but the bullfrogs fell into sleepy silence. Strong north-easterly winds would whip, and crackling fireplaces became the epicentre of all who hunkered down in the few Pond-side homes of Beaverdale.








I Tommy the Snapper and School Yard Wonders





Mornings never saw Little Barbie at her best. Upon being woken by her Mom, two fingers slid out from under the covers, not a sign for Peace & Love, but code for “two more minutes” of sleep, which was really code for ten, hey, fifteen if the wee girl pushed her luck.
With a quick swipe of a facecloth and a swishing tooth brush, after a plate of jam and toast and a gobbled down bowl of Pep—a brand of bran-flakes in Ontario back then—clothes were pulled on, heavier material now as the autumn winds and cold demanded, and off Little Barbie went with her Mom at the wheel of her rarely reliable mint green Chevrolet Impala, its year circa sometime just before the dawning of mankind.
Up the gravel drive they flew, a sharp left onto Beaverdale Road… then a screeching stop. Not the usual occurrence on a Monday morning.
A turtle sat in the middle of the road, and not a normal turtle it was. The area was home to the mottled coloured snapping turtles, the creatures flourishing in the swamplands around The Pond. A man driving a construction truck opposite the Impala got out and tried his best to slide the turtle to safety using a heavy steel rod, to wit Tommy Turtle — Little Barbie recognized him right away — refused the assistance by chomping down on the steel bar and bending it! Moral of that Story: don’t mess around with Tommy Turtle, especially on a Monday!
“Mommy, Mommy, look! That man is going to hurt Tommy!”
Mona took a second glance down at her daughter, wondering how she was on a first name basis with a snapping turtle, but choosing to ignore that conundrum, and said, “No sweetie, he's just trying to save him from being run over.”
Soon, Tommy took the hint and returned to The Pond, and like railway crossing lights that go dim after the dangerous train has passed, we and that construction man were on our way. Commuting isn't any easier in the country.
~~~
Maple Grove School was the perfect kind of school you'd imagine in pastoral surrounds, if the words school and perfect in the same sentence were not an oxymoron to you.
Gigantic 200 year-old maples lined the vast playing fields, and the little fieldstone one room school-house that had been in existence for well over a century had been added onto with a longer, more modern structure, so there were a total of three classrooms, two grades per room of about 10 students in each. The fourth room held the library and the original school house became the gym. There was also a glassed-in back porch that held the teacher’s lounge, a principal’s office, washrooms, and a small fridge near the entryway where you could buy lunchtime milk for 10 cents — white or chocolate. Academic perfection. Top that, Harvard!
In class, Little Barbie would see films about wildlife and big structures like dams and waterways, learn about Canadian history and geography and mathematics, and those horrid times-tables that had to be memorized, no excuse. There was time for art and time for reading. There were chalk boards to be cleaned and fold-top desks to keep tidy. Your finished classroom work would land at the top left corner where your Lefty the Lion sticker sat.
But recess and lunch hour were the real classrooms, where you had to juggle social mores and investigate the “wilds” of the forest beyond the school yard, even if those areas were out of bounds. Well-known oil painter, Robert Woods, had to have conjured up Maple Grove when he painted those iconic forest scenes, for beyond the school fields, secret streams trickled into far off lands, and wild flowers—trilliums, Ontario's provincial flower, and jack in the pulpits— grew with a vengeance.
Little Barbie gazed for ages at those flowers, thinking, Of course, there is a God if flowers pray. Why people argue about God makes no sense. There would be no flowering pulpits for flowering Jacks if God wasn't real. Normally, a child at such a young age would not be internally debating the existence of God, but her Mother was Catholic and her Dad an atheist, so religious debate bubbled up in after work conversations on a regular basis in the Thompson home, the discussion ending in silence from my Dad with my Mom saying, “Well then, explain the existence of trees.” Little Barbie sometimes thought her parents were one lightbulb short in a Christmas string.
Then, there was playing house among the giant maples, each dirt section in between the exposed roots was considered a room, and each room was maintained by a school mate. Kitchen, living room, dining room, bedroom. Mommy, Daddy, children. You'd sweep the dirt floors clean with fallen leafy branches, and no one was allowed to live in your house unless invited.
The sand box was off limits to girls, so the tree root houses were off limits to boys. The ERA Act was getting off to a rocky start in Maple Grove School, circa 1969.
The odd monarch butterfly or giant grasshopper would visit, and really they were welcome friends, with their fluttering wings and jumping legs, they made those root houses, homes. You can design a structure all you want but if there’s no animal love, there’s no home.
School days would end at four o'clock, a bus ride home and back to Beaverdale and The Pond. 
Wildlife and child-life lessons learned, some easy, some hard, in a living National Geographic Special Little Barbie called “every day.”









II Trapped in the Railway Shack with Jock 





“Everyone is so busy today, Jock. Why don't you and I go down to the shack and play house,” said Little Barbie to the tan and white long-haired collie that was Earl, Ruby and Jann’s beloved dog. Jock was Little Barbie's furry buddy. If she was out and about, Jock was by her side. 
Little girl and big dog ran down Earl's backyard to the railway shacks by The Pond, and as they reached the damp and dark setting under the swaying willow trees, their speed slowed, and with it time. Quiet filled the valley in all directions, void of the noise from harvesting machines and people's voices. The branches slowly swung side to side on Willy Willow's trunk, as errant leaves from distant maple trees drifted in cross winds and floated down, their leafy skins still moist so walking was mute.


Upon reaching the shoreline, Little Barbie spied large mushrooms growing on the trunk of an old maple that had been long ago cut down to make way for the railway and the building of the linesmen shacks. Crouching down to examine the spongy and slimy half-moon-shaped fungi, Little Barbie wondered aloud to Jock, “Do you think these can be eaten?”
“No, Little Barbie,” Willy Willow said, bending down and interjecting, “if you eat those bark mushrooms you will turn into a toad.”
“A toad?” Thinking for a moment, “well, that doesn't sound so bad, Willy. I could swim in The Pond forever and never have to go home.”
“Little girls must go home, Little Barbie. It's okay to visit your tree and animal friends during the day but you are a little girl and your home is where you belong.”
This saddened Little Barbie, for she so enjoyed her backyard friends, always helpful, always happy, and they cared for her in ways grown-ups didn’t. Little Barbie heeded Willy’s warning and she and Jock let the mushrooms be, and walked over to the main shack, the one Earl had fashioned into a lake-front card-playing rec room. Little Barbie opened the bedraggled door and upon entering, a musky scent invaded her nostrils of the kind only closed-up places have, of dust and mould and damp. There was a mini sink and a counter and a singular cupboard with dusty dishes and foggy glasses and an antiquated captain’s table and chairs. On the far wall, high up on the vaulted ceiling archway hung the antlers of some animal—elk, deer, moose?—mounted what looked like eons ago. Tiny spider web strands hung from the antler points and the new air flow from the opened door made them sway back and forth.  
SLAM! The door shut behind Little Barbie and Jock. 
The shack's structure had long ago settled into the water-soaked ground and a list caused the door to close on its own. Only this time, the metal latch which was already fragile and rust-covered broke free of its mechanism and fell to the ground on the outside of the door. Jock and Little Barbie were trapped!
Little Barbie shook the door with all her might but it would not budge. Jock looked up at Little Barbie, noticed the beginning of tears in her terrified eyes, and he reared up on his hind legs to lick her face dry. 
“Don't worry, Little Barbie, I'm here with you, and soon somebody will notice we are gone and they will find and rescue us,” bark-talked Jock.
“Are you sure? Are you positive? Because I've never been locked in a place before and this place is so spooky. What if it's haunted like the house across The Pond? What if we see ghosts and goblins and monsters? What if they eat us!” Little Barbie cried out, gulping back sobs, blurting out one helpless question after another at her loyal companion.     
“No harm will come to us. I’m here. I’ll guard you. That’s what dogs do for the people they love. Let's sit on this old settee near the window and wait. It won't be long now and the adults will free us.”
Little Barbie plunked down on the dusty, moss-green coloured settee and began to cry in earnest, trying her best to snuggle close to Jock for security, feeling his warmth and the beating of his heart. She so wished Willy Willow had leafy hands so he could lean down and replace the latch so they could break free.   
In her anguish and nervous exhaustion, her crying ebbed and she soon fell asleep next to the dozing Jock. Fitful dreams of dancing antlers and prancing spiders filled her mind's eye, of woolly monsters with bestial howls the same as what she had heard across The Pond at the Haunted House. Hours went by and no rescue came. Morning turned to midday turned to early evening, and as the setting sun bid farewell to the placid water's edge, even Jock began to wonder if they'd ever be rescued.
Suddenly a grinding metal sound invaded the claustrophobic room. It was Mr. Harold Hazard, one of the old-timer railway men floating through the locked door as ghosts are wont to do, and he took a seat in one of the captain's chairs. With a gentle nudge of the old man's gnarled hands, Little Barbie awoke. 
And although a scream wanted to escape the wee girl's mouth, Jock laid a paw on her shoulder, and said, “No, Little Barbie, everything’s okay. This is old Mr. Hazard, I think he's here to help us.”
He was old alright, a ghost in overalls, work boots, a railway man's cap and a corn cob pipe dangling from the side of his mouth. His image could have been frightening had it not been for the soft, sweet smile rising from his cracked lips.
“Don' cry, Little Barbie, you're not alone. Your pal Jock is here, and so am I. My name is Harold Hazard. I was the lead linesman for the Chilligo railway. We will keep you company until help arrives.”
Little Barbie looked up, and this time with a smidgen of hope creasing her upturned lips, she said, “Nice to meet you, Mr. Hazard. Do you live in this shack?”
“I did. Once upon a time. Now, I visit when needs be, and I heard you crying. Needs be.”
For the first time since the latch fell, Little Barbie felt safe. It wasn't so bad now that she wasn't really alone. She sat up and leaned against the slanted plate glass window and listened with vigour as Mr. Hazard regaled her with tales when the linesmen worked this valley over a century ago, of hammering spikes and laying heavy wooden cross beams, of heat and exhaustion, of late night tales told around roaring shoreline campfires aglow under a starry night’s sky. 
Little Barbie listened wide-eyed and enthralled in a world she never knew existed. Mr. Hazard coloured in the landscape and made it come alive. The serene valley had once been a bustle of locomotive bells and whistles, of coal smoke and the grinding sounds of metal on metal. Little Barbie daydreamed as she stared out the window, wishing she could hop in a time machine and whiz back to that bygone world.
CLANG! BANG! And the shack door opened. At last! 
It was Earl, and Little Barbie ran to him and hugged him with all her might, tears flowing anew. Leigh, Mona and Earl had been at work all day, and Ruby thought Little Barbie was with Jann, and Jann thought Little Barbie was with Ruby. A right communication mess. As she and Jock followed their rescuer up the hill and back home, Little Barbie took one more look over her shoulder and winked at Mr. Hazard as he waved goodbye, silently floating back into his linesman shack.
When the people you love die and you think you're alone, you're not really alone.







III All in the Family... Room

Autumn week-nights were pleasant in Little Barbie's home. After dinner, Mona, Leigh and the wee girl would head into the red-carpeted family room and watch television on a black and white “portable” TV. The only thing that made that hulking TV portable was that it sat on a metal stand with casters. With its tiny 20 inch screen, the three Thompson's gazed into the bluish glow at other worlds brought to them via an adjustable rooftop aerial and mysterious airwaves emanating from Toronto, or on good weather days, Buffalo, New York.
No matter the programme, Little Barbie would haul out her bevy of Barbie and Ken dolls and her white vinyl Mattel Barbie-doll case packed with all manner of wardrobe choices, and plunk herself down in the middle of the rug to play as her parents relaxed, careful not to be in the way of the TV line of sight.
Sundays, it was the Carol Burnett Show.
Mondays, it was the police drama, F.B.I., starring Efrem Zimbalist Jr.
Tuesdays, it was the Dean Martin Show.
Wednesdays, it was All in the Family.
Thursdays, it was the Tom Jones Variety Hour.
And if no parties were on tap for the weekend,
Fridays, it was Hawaii 5-0, starring Jack Lord.
And Saturdays, Hockey Night in Canada.
Each evening, Leigh would be in his easy chair and Mona in her armchair and the three would laugh at the comedies or listen intently to the dramas, and when Dean Martin and Tom Jones filled the screen, Little Barbie dropped her Barbie's and lay tummy down right in front of the TV, and blissfully floated into their world, forgetting she was a little girl, and dreaming she was one of Tom's beautiful songstress guests-stars or one of Dean's Gold Digger dancers. She studied their dress, their body language, the way they gestured and the way they laughed, the tone of their voices, and, of course, the way they held cigarettes or microphones. It was a TV world Little Barbie felt sure would someday be hers.
Leigh followed with vigour the athletic prowess of the Toronto Maple Leafs despite their annual penchant to disappoint with loss after loss. Little Barbie silently rooted for the New York Islanders because they were big, fought hard, and won! No moss grew on Little Barbie!
Mona, it is believed, hoped Leigh would see in himself the Archie Bunker character from All in the Family, to see the errors in that man’s ways and change to be a nicer more gentile husband, but her hopes were soon dashed the moment Leigh laughed with pride at everything Archie did.
As the evening wore on and the TV glowed, Little Barbie’s Barbie dolls would attend beach parties and picnics and formal galas, the mix and mingle of attire not phasing the dolls nor her parents one bit, with the odd request for Mona to help button a Ken shirt or do up a dress zipper, as little girl fingers were not that agile.
Each evening ended with the CTV National News, with lead anchor, Harvey Kirk. That programme came on at 11p.m., and by then all little girls Little Barbie’s age would have been in bed, fast asleep… but normal never got acquainted with Barbie. They were strangers then as now. A night hawk from Day One, the later the hour, the more awake she became, and although Mona tried everything to make her wee girl sleep, nothing worked, so her Mom let her quietly rock in her Lazy Boy rocking chair in the hopes the rhythmic sway would finally lull her to sleep. 
It never did. It still doesn’t.
Little Barbie's sneaky goal: try and become invisible to her Mom so she could stay up and watch the late night news with her parents and hear the latest goings-on as told by the deep-voiced Mr. Kirk. Some nights it worked; some nights it didn't. It depended, Little Barbie thought, on how distracted or how tired her Mom was. If Mona noticed Little Barbie in her chair, the jig was up, and in that never-to-be-disobeyed tone, Mona said, “To bed, young lady. Now.”  If it had been up to her Dad... well, let's just say it’s good to have a Mom.
In flannel pyjamas with prints of either Snow White or Goofy, under quilts made decades ago from quilting bees held at the Orangeville Thompson farm, Little Barbie prepared for sleep, sliding in between the fuzzy flannelette sheets that were de rigeur for autumn. In one hand she held a handmade purple yarn octopus called Professor, who if asked any question, especially late at night, had an immediate answer, maybe not the answer Little Barbie wanted, but one she knew was right and proper.
Bedtime came to the Thompson household around eleven-thirty on week-nights, and once the TV was off and the lights were out, only then did outside sounds like chirping crickets or buffeting window panes from vicious north-easterly’s mix with the magic pixie dust of sleep to create wondrous dreams from a wee girl who never really stopped dreaming.


IV Lobster and Champagne Don't Mix







It was another Saturday night at Audrey and Gord’s house in Hespeler, and in October that meant the annual lobster run from Maine. The couple would fly in the crustaceous creatures from the north-eastern state and the adults would have a major feed, washed down with the best champagne. Formal dress code required: long gowns, fur stoles, suits and polished shoes. It was an affair to be remembered…
Even Little Barbie was dolled up: royal blue velvet dress, white leotards, black patent leather shoes, with her long, wavy chestnut hair tied in a pretty white bow. Leigh sported the made-to-measure royal blue suit and shined oxblood leather brogues, and Mona dolled up in a Pucci gown. We Thompson's cleaned up well.

The night began as gang-busters. The kids convened in the television room eating hot dogs and hamburgers, watching programmes on the first colour TV anyone in this social circle could afford to purchase. Colour hadn’t yet been mastered unless you thought the neon green hair-do’s matched nicely the neon orange faces. 
Engelbert Humperdinck was on the Hi Fi (High Fidelity stereo, for you kiddies out there), crooning, “Please Release Me, Let Me Go”, as the adults gathered at a long Chippendale dining table lined with white damask and two lit solid silver candelabras. Everyone was in high spirits, spouting lively conversations as the lobsters boiled and the champagne corks popped, the crystal glasses never staying empty for long. With silver forks and liquid butter, the succulent and very rich lobster meat was soon gobbled. Hours later, the kids heard odd sounds coming from the dining room. Rich food + sugary champagne = moans, groans, hacking, coughing and adults in fine dress running towards all four wash-rooms in the mansion.
Curiosity had all the kids converge on the spectacle. The teenagers knew right away what was happening, and they shook their heads and suppressed laughter, while Little Barbie, still confused, watched in dismay. Why do adults get all dressed up to eat and drink fancy stuff only to end up sick? This is not a fun party at all. 
Some events in Little Barbie's life never really made any sense.
V Go-Go Dancing and a Creepy Tour de Force

On rare occasions during the cocktail parties, the kids would get together and create a skit to act out in front of the adults; little plays, fashion shows, dancing contests. On this particular night, the party being hosted at Little Barbie's house, an idea sprang from the second eldest kid in the bunch, Kim, a bright-eyed and beautiful girl with long flowing brunette hair who was the de facto leader of the teenager gang for her zany ideas and go-getter zest. Tonight would be a Creepy Tour de Force. The location: the unfinished basement. The goal: to “freak out” their by now drink-addled parents. It took some time to put all the moving parts together as lights and music and flour and water and raw peas and Go-Go boots were needed, among other strange things. Once assembled, Little Barbie ran upstairs and called all the adults together and forced them into a line that wormed its way down below. The basements lights were out, the portable record player was booming and the adults had to file through a Silly String cobweb entry way, to wit they had to pay a 25 cent entry fee for the pleasure. Kids have to make a living somehow.
First stop: to dip their right hand in a bowl full of green slimy stuff, the exact ingredients no longer remembered but it was gruesome enough that the adults uttered terrific sounds which made the kids howl with glee.
Next up: A Go-Go dance demonstration by strobe lights. The song: Nancy Sinatra's, “These Boots Are Made for Walkin'.” The performers: Little Barbie and Susan, the two youngest and, dare I say, the most adorable in white vinyl boots.
Final Stop: A line of teenage monsters that the adults had to fight their way through to get back upstairs and to party freedom.
The 2x4 beams, the pink insulation and the strobe lights made for a psychedelic and spooky affair. The kids giggled and the adults bent over laughing, and fun was had by all. Who says you need All Hallows Eve in Beaverdale to have freaky autumn fun?




VI Corn Roast Monkey Business

Harvesting in Beaverdale meant an awful lot of corn on the cob, so a party roast was in the cards. Earl managed to obtain a load of construction scaffolding to erect in Little Barbie's far back yard, the area in which no grass seed had been sown. The rods were set up as two grid walls some 30 feet apart with anchor rods at the bottom corners, four massive steel chains hooked at each top corner which met in the middle, attached to a massive cast iron cauldron that had to be hauled in by truck, its purpose: to cook the cobs of corn for about thirty guests.
It took the better part of an afternoon to assemble, and once night cloaked The Pond, the cauldron was filled with water, a massive bonfire was lit and the cobs were thrown in to cook. The kids, including Little Barbie, hung like monkeys off the scaffolding, as the adults gathered deck and lawn chairs, Adirondack and webbed chaise loungers around the fire, and drinks were made and poured from both Earl's and Leigh's back porches. Mona's Hi Fi was moved into the porch to play a stack of .33 long-play records; Burle Ives, Nat King Cole, Nelson Eddy, Mitch Miller, Percy Faith and his Orchestra, Bing Crosby, Dean Martin, Perry Como, Guy Lombardo and Mantovani, to name a few.
Late into the night when the mercury fell, coats covered shoulders and cheeks became rosy but the warmth from the massive bonfire and the steam off the roasting corn kept everyone warm, as did the lively conversation, the ebullient laughter and the gay songs playing on the Hi Fi.
Dot, Kim’s Mother, who was a beauty like her daughter, was always the adult to beat for who could eat the most corn cobs in one sitting. Dot always won, but everyone had a massive feast. Adults danced by the moonlight and the kids gathered handfuls of leaves and had leaf fights or raked them together and had jumping contests. The bigger the piles made, the higher the squeals and laughter. 
“Psst... Little Barbie, over here,” waved a leafy hand. It was Lara Leaf. She had crawled out from under the biggest pile of leaves to talk to the wee girl.
“Hi, Lara, what you doing here? You should fall somewhere else 'cause we're all jumping on these leaves and you could get hurt,” whispered Little Barbie, not wanting the teenagers to wonder why she was talking into a pile of leaves.
“Nah, I won't get hurt. I fly into the air every time you kids fall on the pile, so I have fun, too. I get a chuckle out of watching the bigger kids hit the ground. Whack!”
Giggling, Little Barbie whispered back, “That's kind of mean, but funny. Shouldn't you be sleeping somewhere by now? Don't leaves sleep once they fall from their trees?”
“Usually, but I heard all the ruckus, smelled the roasting corn, and felt the warmth from the fire. I'm too excited to sleep now. How come all this fuss for just a bunch of corn?”
“My parents and their friends like to have Do's, as they call them, and tonight is fun 'cause we get to act like monkeys on bars and eat as much corn as we want,” said Little Barbie, looking at Susan, Kim, Michael and Jann climb to the highest rungs as their Moms hollered at them to get down before they broke their necks.
“Hm. I figured autumn was a quiet time, and kind of sad for me, for all my Pond friends have flown away or fallen asleep. I'm lonely. I want the summer to return,” said Lara, her leaf top drooping in sorrow.
“Oh, don't be sad. Summer will come again.”
“Yes, but it will never be exactly the same, will it?”
Little Barbie plopped down in some sleeping leaves and took Lara's leafy hand, watching carefully that no one saw her do this, and offered, “No. Once a time has gone, it’s gone forever. I've already figured that out, and I'm only seven. We need to have fun now with the people we love, so we have many happy memories.”
“Boy, Little Barbie, how did you get so smart?”
With a finger to her lips and a crooked grin, thinking, “I don't know, really. I probably heard somebody say that, most likely my Mom. She's super smart. She even knows how to make jam from berries and relish from tomatoes!”
Lara and Little Barbie sat silent a while and watched the goings-on of the adults and the teenagers. Wide smiles, laughter, dancing to the Guy Lombardo tunes, sandy silt being kicked up by their shoes as they made the predetermined steps of a dance called the fox trot, arm in arm, bodies moving as one.
“You don't have to be sad either, Little Barbie. Everyone you love stays with you no matter the season.”
“Yes. That's true. But something inside me thinks that there is no real forever, except in fairy tales.”
“Maybe you're living in a fairy tale!” Lara's leafy eyes widened, a big red maple vein smile plastered on her rosy face.
“Gosh, I hope so. It feels like I am... but I don't think I am. I think… just like your leaf friends, I think there's a beginning and a middle and an end to all things... leaves, cows, turtles... people.”
Lara didn't say goodbye. Her leafy body melted into the heap of leaves beside Little Barbie, and the wee girl knew Lara was gone. Asleep. Hopefully.
Finally, as the wee hours ticked by, all the kids grew weary — even Little Barbie was barely able to keep her eyes open — and the troop wandered back to Earl's screened-in porch to snuggle into sleeping bags to sleep the sleep of the contented while their parents partied on. The idea of closing up shop on this corn roast party wouldn’t take shape until a pale blue swath of sky peeked below the midnight black horizon, dawn's early light slowly inching above the water's edge, giving rise to another beautiful Beaverdale morning.
Before Little Barbie laid down to rest in her tartan sleeping bag, she took one last look at the adults who made this night and her childhood so extraordinary. Little Barbie knew deep down inside that times like this were rare and that memories made would have to last a lifetime; the sights, the sounds, the smells, and the happy, vibrant adults, illness, old age and death thankfully so very far off. The sight filled her heart to bursting, a feeling as precious as diamonds. 
As she slid into the sleeping bag, Little Barbie tucked away the image in her mind, determined to never let it go.







Winter
Quiet, still, frosty cold. Heavy coats of crystalline snow, layer upon layer, piled high, away from walkways and driveways, and weighing down the arthritic limbs of maples and spruce. The Pond, its flora and fauna, sleeping the big sleep as the frozen water became a skating rink paradise for all. 
Ski-doo suit weather for the kids, the season of red hands, red cheeks and Rudolph red noses. 
Inside the ranch house homes of Leigh and Earl were fieldstone and brick fireplaces, three per house, kept alight at fairly regular intervals, with birch-bark for kindling and cut logs of maple, oak and elm, the hardwoods, the woods which would crackle and pop and flame long into the night, their red embers glowing until dawn. 
Despite the fierce winter winds, the blowing snow and the occasional ice storm, interesting activities within those homes never ended.
I Life around the Hearth

If you lived in the country, the fireplace was your lifeline to warmth of many kinds, through many seasons, but the winter months bound family and friends closer to the beating heart of those heated bricks and stones. Winter months also saw the building of fireplaces, and those projects most assuredly heralded in get-togethers. 
When Earl, a fireplace mason by trade, would build another fieldstone or brick beauty, he would leave a hole in the centre of the hearth and cement in the last empty “26er” from the fireplace building party. Those affairs were casual but downright funny, de rigeur euchre games going strong as Earl laboured, cutting rocks with the skill of a 47th Street New York diamond merchant, fastening them into place with just the right amount of mortar. Eventually, everyone at these Dos would be drafted into laying at least one stone or brick, the laughter from the attempts increasing with the decreasing of the alcohol in those liquor bottles. 
Earl would always choose a clear glass bottle to inlay into a hearth, bottom up, and before it was set, he would stuff a folded, handwritten note inside the bottle. Earl never divulged what was in those notes, so in Little Barbie's house that meant there were three such mysteries. Mona assumed the notes merely documented the owner of the home, the date of construction and the fireplace maker, and maybe who was in attendance at the party, but the wee girl imagined far more. 
Maybe it was a map to buried treasure! 
Maybe it held instructions on how to get Double Bubble Bubble Gum, for free, forever!
Or, maybe it held a recipe on how to stay forever a kid. 
Little Barbie was flexible. She would have welcomed any or all.
Those many years in Beaverdale, when curiosity ran high, the wee girl and her friends would lean over those hearth bottles and stare down into the glass, craning their necks, trying their best to read the words hidden within. Little Barbie would eventually leave Beaverdale and she would never know what was written in those bottles.
It's just as well. If they had held instructions on how to obtain unlimited bubble gum, Big Barbie would already have false teeth.


II Fireside Games

Many parties centred in Little Barbie’s family room, and many a humorous exhibition would be had in front of the fireplace. The entire far wall was covered in the same mottled red brick as fashioned on the exterior of the home, but on it lay curios of the weirdest kind. Top centre lay a WWII propeller made from a factory in Winnipeg. It was given to Mona's Father as a souvenir after he retired from the plant, as it was defective, having a tiny gouge in the wood that would have made any war plane using it crash into the ground. Its great length, the warm wood prop, and the brass caps on the tips made it a fine display against the red brick. Leigh installed a small clock inside the centre bolt casing to make the prop functional as well as beautiful. It stayed in our family for a very long time and was dearly cherished. 

On the mantle-piece, sitting centre stage, was a strange and exotic curio, a massive conch shell, at least a foot and a half long that inside its opening held a tiny Tiki room full of tiny exotic people wearing grass skirts and leis, and beside them stood mini palm trees. My parents had never been anywhere exotic in their lives but somehow this mystery souvenir landed in their home. No one remembered how or why. There was a black lacquered Swiss pepper grinder with hand painted designs given to Mona by Little Barbie's Uncle Ralph, a 19th century coffee bean grinder that had been used on the Thompson farm, and seven ceramic dwarfs of the Snow White variety that Ruby had made for Mona one year as a Christmas gift. A gold bust of Winston Churchill hung over the bookshelf behind Leigh's chair, giving the room a rarefied feel. 
Often, during various Thompson soirées, animated guests would parade in front of the fireplace bedecked in Leigh's old Mountie hat and his Mary Maxim sweater, the one that Mona long ago lovingly knitted from a kit for him that was four times the size of any normal man. The kit’s or Mona’s measurements were a wee bit off. Laughs would ensue every time someone donned the sweater, at poor Mona's expense. 
Little Barbie snuggled up to her Mom each time, and said, “I'm sorry the adults make fun of your sweater, Mommy. I think it's perfect, with the fish and the pretty designs. I think you're the best knitter in the whole world, and nobody would ever get cold in that sweater, not even Frosty the Snowman!”
Mona laughed and hugged her wee girl, and whispered, “Yes, maybe you're right!”
Or there would be a “mod” fashion show put on by the teenagers, so miniskirts in wacky designs, white Go-Go boots and electric blue eyeshadow paired with metallic white lipstick would be the “Haute couture” of the catwalk. All of which Little Barbie thought looked so “cool.” All of which her Mom wouldn’t dare let her daughter wear.
The aftermath of vicious “Nor'easters” — snow storms which often turned into ice storms due to the humid winds blowing in from the Great Lakes or the Eastern seaboard — would coat the electrical lines with ice and they would break, cutting the power out for days, so heating, cooking, it all had to come from the fireplace. It was such a chore for Little Barbie's Mom to pull off a nice meal via a haphazard flaming grill but a nice meal she always made, and Leigh and Little Barbie appreciated it so. 
A fire engine red transistor radio that would be placed on the mantelpiece, the dial always turned to CFRB (Ted Rogers station in Toronto), and its music, news or a hockey game would be the only form of entertainment for the evening. Little Barbie's bedtime stories and prayers were done by candlelight, as all three snuggled for the night under heavy woollen blankets to ward off the cold. 


Now I lay me down to sleep,
I pray the Lord my soul to keep, if I should die before I wake, I pray the Lord my soul to take.

Peace, love, and security were the by-products of fireplace life for Little Barbie, never more so than on Christmas Day of '69. After the gifts were unwrapped in the living room and the dinner was enjoyed by friends and extended family, everyone retired to the family room, Leigh in his easy chair, Mona in her armchair and guests seated around the room, having those final drinks of that special day. 
The adults talked low and calm, as the winds buffeted against the window and the odd tufts of snow splayed against the plate glass. The fire crackled and popped and Little Barbie laid down next to the hearth, playing with her newest Barbie-dolls. Looking up from her reclined position, seeing all the people she loved and who dearly loved her back, she had a singular, everlasting thought, I know I'm young, but I'm positive I will never be as safe and as happy and as loved as I am right now, right here on this rug tonight, playing with my Barbie dolls. And happily... sadly... Little Barbie was right.
III Beaverdale Life on “The Pond” - A Winter Wonder Land

Beaverdale in winter could have been the living embodiment of a Currier & Ives Christmas card, if you substituted the horse-drawn sleighs for V8 Detroit-made land yachts. Maybe real life wasn’t as perfect, for there were roadside heaps of muddy snow where none appeared on those antique cards, but as far as Little Barbie was concerned, there was little difference, the joy and the winter fun, all the same.
School house angels and playing tag around a pie-shaped grid, snow-ball fights where giggles reigned and the odd child, her cheeks smacked hard by a frozen ball, could be heard crying out in pain. It would be walking home from the school bus stop at the corner of Beaverdale and Fisher Mill Roads through freezing temperatures, driving winds, white-out conditions and biting air that took your breath away. Russians sent to Siberia had it easier, we kids thought. 
Ski-doo suits were not a fashion statement but a state of being, and dressing and undressing left any little tyke pooped before she started. But fun was had around every corner if you could dig it out with a shovel or plow it away with a tractor, the adults around Beaverdale well assisted.
Each winter, Little Barbie's Dad was in charge of checking the Pond ice for safety, and somehow as Beaverdale's only original farm-boy, everyone around the valley relied on his say-so. Once Leigh's wry smile and upturned thumb gave the go-ahead, life on the ice was in full swing. His age-old, fire engine red and rusting Massey-Ferguson tractor, belching out black smoke through the stove-pipe exhaust, its big tires grinding into the snow, slid slowly onto the solid landscape, front plough down, its job to clear the ice of the pesky white fluffy stuff, from Fisher Mill's dam all the way to The Island, and from Dawson's Farm to Earl's shoreline. Except for a few areas where the ice was too thin and declared No Go zones with tape, our beloved Pond became a frozen playhouse.
There were the neighbourhood games of “Hockey Night in Beaverdale” under the moon and the stars, and somehow Leigh always landed on the winning team with his long strides and eagle-eye slap shots. Crack the Whip was a scary favourite when the gang, adults and kids, were all together. Leigh, at the hub, would instigate the ride involving only the kids, and Barbie, the youngest and lightest by far, would be drafted for the tail. Round and round Leigh would pull the whip, faster and faster the kids skated until Little Barbie could no longer hang on, and boy, did she fly! Thank goodness there were fluffy snow banks that could break her fall. 
Whee-plunk-SPLAT! was the sound her ski-doo suit clad body made as she landed in a far off snow-bank, scared out of her wits but determined not to cry, so angry at her Dad for treating her so mean.
“Hey, watch where you're going, you almost squished me!” yelped three big balls of snow pushed over from Barbie’s abrupt landing.
“Oops, sorry, Mr. Snowman, I didn't see you there. I was too busy trying to save my life. Let me help you back up,” Little Barbie said, as she stood and reassembled the distraught snowman.
“Call me Saul, Little Barbie. I'm Saul Snowman, Crystalline Esquire,” the frozen man said, as he doffed his black top hat to the little girl and attempted to wipe away the excess snow with his spindly branch hands.
“Nice to meet you, Saul. What are you doing out here in the middle of The Pond? Shouldn't you be in front of the houses, waving at the cars that go by on Beaverdale Road?”
“Normally, yes, but I’m charged with insuring everyone plays safe on the ice.

“Yeah…,” Barbie said, lowering her head and sighing.
“You could start by telling my Daddy to stop making me the tail in that scary game. I'm so mad at him!”
“Angry.”
“What?”
“You're angry. People get angry; dogs go mad,” said Saul, ever a stickler for proper Pond prose.
“Okay then,” Little Barbie, with arms folded in disgust, trying her best to think of a way around this verbal pickle, “I'm... I'm… mad-like-a-dog at my Daddy! Why does he treat me so? He treats the other kids better than he treats me!” she blurted, tears forming in her eyes, her lips quivering.
“He loves you. Treating you rough is how he thinks he will prepare you for life's hardships.”
“What, you mean like beating me in a swim race or criticizing how I rake the garden or making me lug heavy buckets of water when he makes cement? He's always pushing me, always making me do hard stuff, always saying I'm not doing something good enough.”
The pudgy snowman reluctantly nodded, “Yes, Little Barbie, exactly like that. You're his wee girl, an image of himself he's carrying into the future. He wants you to be strong. He wants you to fight to be better, to work hard no matter how difficult things get. He's rough-around-the-edges but that's his way. He wants to prepare you for the future, to protect you from the hazards out there in the real world.”
“Out there? But I'm already out here!”
“The Pond. Beaverdale. One day, you'll leave this idyllic nest and your Daddy wants you to be able to fly like the pretty wee birdie you are.”
Little Barbie grew more upset and more scared but she knew her Daddy didn't approve of tears, so she breathed in and hugged her ski-doo suit as she breathed out, wishing now, more than ever, she hadn't bumped into Saul Snowman.
“I don't know what you're talking about, Saul, talking about 'out there' and all, but I guess you're right about my Daddy. I guess he really is trying to make me strong, on the inside and out. Trouble is, hard stuff hurts.”
On the verge of toppling again, Saul leaned over and gently placed his branch arm over Little Barbie's shoulders, wishing he could tell her more about her future, aware there was so much more, but knowing little girls should only know so much.
“Put up with your Daddy, Little Barbie. He loves you. Oh, look, here comes your Mom, so I will take my leave. I see Charlie Chipmunk over there by the dam and he's getting nowhere fast on that patch of ice. I better go rescue him before his paws start smoking.”
And off Saul Snowman slip-sauntered, his top hat and roly-poly body parts bobbing up and down.
Little Barbie wiped her teary eyes, got up, brushed off her snow suit and skated back to Earl's where a shoreline campfire awaited, her Mom serving hot chocolate and cookies to the tired teens. 
Before she took a mug of the nummy brew, she slogged through the snow to her Dad and hugged his legs with all her might. Leigh leaned down and patted the back of her head, Father and daughter saying naught, the silent bond unbreakable.
Post snow and ice games, plunking down by the fire came easy, as did the sleep of babes, a usually elusive creature for Little Barbie in any other season. Soon followed dreams of snow crystals melting in your hand, each a unique doily-shaped miracle, of crisp air and starry night skies and shy white rabbits and giggles from kids playing tag or making snow angels, with the far-off calls of the songstress cardinal or an irate blue-jay keeping watch over the valley. 
In wintertime, time was measured by the layers of snow and ice on The Pond, and nothing more.



IV New Year's Lessons and the Four Seasons Begin Anew

For Little Barbie, there was security in knowing that seasons come and go, and come again, in God's great circle of life. Although deep in the heart of a southern Ontario winter, New Year’s Eve promised a fresh start, time when plans could be made for the next set of seasons to fall upon the residents of Beaverdale. But before ringing in the new, ringing out the old was a must. And what better way than a house party for all those you loved and who loved you—canapés, hi-balls, music on Mona's Hi Fi, adults dressed to the nines, kids dressing the part, too, and champagne uncorked at the stroke of midnight while the kids banged pots and pans out in the snow to shoo away past and welcome in the future.
The evening activities would flow along fine if the champagne cork in the first New Year's bottle behaved as it should, but on that memorable Eve of '69/'70, the cork refused to leave the bottle no matter what able-bodied man, or woman, took a stab at it. The laughter, the photographs of each adult giving it a go; it was going on 1 a.m. before anyone had a taste from that bottle, and only after the neck was chopped off with a hatchet!
Was this “un-un-corking” a harbinger of things to come? Maybe. 
But on that night, no one thought much beyond the present. Everyone at the Thompson's relished in the joy of the now.
Little Barbie refused to be sent to bed that night, so she concocted a devilish plan. She would feign tiredness, telling her Mom she was heading to bed, then as Mona busied herself in the kitchen, Little Barbie took a sharp right turn and headed to the living room, known affectionately as the “Blue Room,” after the broadloom carpet colour. And as the Christmas tree lights glowed and the silver tinsel shimmered in the fireplace heat, Little Barbie switched on the TV to watch the first movie of 1970, the 1951 classic, “Show Boat,” starring Kathryn Grayson, Joe E. Brown, Ava Gardner and Howard Keel, featuring concert baritone, William Warfield, singing the iconic song, Old Man River. 
That movie made a lasting impression on a very impressionable girl. It was a tale of success and failure, of gain and loss, of great joy and deep sorrow and regret, and of harmony achieved among people of all races despite the insistence of segregation, born out of fear and hatred. It was a lot to take in at the tender age of five but Little Barbie was an old soul dressed in a lovely red velvet gown.
Her mind left Beaverdale for those two hours and she was transported to the Mississippi Delta show boat era, of gown bustles and wide-brim tea hats, of gentlemen dressed in all their finery. The degenerate gambler played by Howard Keel scared Little Barbie, for she couldn't believe that his wife had to sell her precious jewels in order to keep a roof over their heads. Maybe some realities are best left unknown at the age of five.
Soon her flickering screen rapture was broken by the hubbub that was heard coming from outside. The adult party was winding down and Earl and Uncle John had drunk far more than their share of the bubbly. In his inebriated state, Uncle John, an overnight guest at the Thompson's, felt Earl needed an escort in order to safely walk the forty feet it took to go from the Leigh’s house to Earl’s. The escort went well. Both men arrived safely; whereby, Earl brought out a 26er of rye and the two men dove into the drink once again. Time ticked by, and this time, Earl thought Uncle John needed an escort back to Leigh’s. This back and forth went on for about a half dozen times in the frigid snow and cold. 
On the final escort the men had undressed for bed, so the walking was done in undershirts, Y-fronts and black dress socks. The partiers at Leigh’s bundled up and lined the sidewalk which connected the two properties to watch the spectacle unfold, of two more-than-middle-aged, drink-addled men in their Brut and Old Spice colognes, Brylcreme coiffed hair and undies, escort one another until their uproarious wives put an end to the hypothermic madness.
Little Barbie crept outside to watch the final parade, and with a stoic expression, thought, Hm. Yeah, that makes sense. When you love someone you make sure they get home safe.
Somehow the Earl/Uncle John safety parade was just one of the goodies in a basket-full of fun that could be yours for the taking on Beaverdale Road, in the dead of a winter’s night, in the dawn of a bright New Year.
~~~
New Year’s Day held a special event for Earl, Leigh, Little Barbie and all the kids who lived around Beaverdale. It was the day Earl changed the Canada Flag on his property. He had a monstrous pole on which he flew a monstrous flag, the pole situated at the head of his circle drive. Earl and Leigh would cruise around The Pond, gathering all the kids together, as Earl exchanged the wind-torn silk flag for a shiny new one. Leigh would get the kids to line up for ski-doo suit inspection, and march them to the pole. Earl drew the cord and as the new flag began to rise and unfurl, Leigh would order the kids to salute and sing Oh Canada as he let off three rounds from his rifle. 
Was it right? 
Was it proper? 
Heck, was this patriotic hijinks even legal? 

No one knew. And no one around Beaverdale ever cared. 
Every year, it was like clock-work. The reports from the 306 had an unfortunate after-effect in that Jock, Little Barbie's collie pal, would run like the wind and be AWOL for the next three days. No one in the valley could ever locate his hiding spot despite an exhaustive search, but on his own he would slowly walk back home, head down, tired and hungry, but not much the worse for wear.
And that's how another year began for the residents of Beaverdale. It was the anticipated rebirth of all four seasons; from the young to the old, from the verdant to the wilting, from the births to the deaths.
Mother Nature's cycle of life that holds joy and sorrow, then as now.





The End of the Beginning...
2019
Little Barbie has all grown up. As of this writing, I am 55 years old. Leigh, Mona, Earl, and Ruby, and all the other adults that were such a big part of my childhood years, have all since passed. And although the two ranch-styled homes still stand on The Point at The Pond today, Fisher’s Mill was made into a two million dollar yuppie mansion and its dam was destroyed to return the area to its original wildlife state, the pond water made to ebb away, leaving only a marshy depression, and running right through it, the tiny Chilligo Creek — all things back from whence they came. 

People reside in that valley today as they always have, but only ghostly remains float there for me now. The wind in the willows, Mother Time and the ripples on The Pond have erased for me all the life, all the love and all the peace and security that once made that wee valley home. 
Harold Hazard, Willy Willow, Camilla Cow, Tommy Turtle, Andy Ant, Benny Beaver and Saul Snowman are all long ago imaginings of a very young girl with a colourful mind. But sometimes, in the dead of night, in the stillness just before the dawn, if I focus real hard, those friends come back to me, and the child inside me lives again.
Before me as I write this memoir is the captain's table and chairs that sat in our dining room back then. There are visible dents in the solid maple surface from so many euchre card games gone wild, of pounding fists in frustration of a partner playing the right card at the wrong time. So many memories abound; “Eat your meat, Barbie,” bedtime cereal in my Bunnykins bowl, Dad lowering his spectacles for a Christmas snapshot, Mom teaching me how to spell with tiny yellow letters and her diligently working at her Singer sewing machine to get my Halloween costume done in time. I could go on, as we all could, for so much life lands at dining room tables, doesn’t it?
In the end, I hold cherished memories of that time that make up the Little Barbie in me today, but my heart, my soul, they were born, lived and still hover over those pastoral fields and that glistening water. 
And if you ever find yourself there, and if you listen really hard, echoes of child-like laughter can still be heard amid the loon, Canada geese and bull frog calls on The Pond below Beaverdale Road.




About The Author

Barbara J. Thompson is a retired public relations liaison and currently a Calgary, Canada-based freelance editor and author of three literary, historical novels.

Born and raised near Hespeler (Cambridge), Ontario, Canada, an only child to an RCMP Constable father and Industrial Accountant mother, Barbara who grew up very Anglo-Saxon, very Northern Irish. Funeral wakes were a large part of Barbara’s life, starting at the tender age of three, so death—its meaning and role in life—took centre stage. This author has done extensive travelling and now lives to swim, hike and fish in the Rocky Mountains, enjoy friends and family, and lead an avant-garde writer's group likened on the 1920s Paris “Lost Generation” — Calgary Writers Montparnasse group on Facebook.

Barbara’s upcoming historical epic, AIR, tells of six US Navy sailors fighting to survive inside the capsized USS Oklahoma after the December 7, 1941 Pearl Harbor attack. All six, trapped below the sea, find out there can be far worse things in life than death. AIR is due to be released December 7, 2020.

Learn more at: 

https://www.amazon.com/-/e/B0164UHC2S



For More Information on
 Barbara J. Thompson


http://www.booksbybjthompson.com

Connect With Barbara

Thank you so much for taking the time to read BeaverTales. 

If you enjoyed this book, I’d be very grateful if you’d post an honest review on Amazon. Your support really does make a difference! 

You can follow me on:

Words to Write By & Books by BJ Thompson: 
http://www.booksbybjthompson.com/

Facebook: 
https://www.facebook.com/BooksbyBJThompson/

Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/booksbybjthompson/

Medium: 
https://medium.com/@MsBurb

Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.ca/booksbybjthompson/

Twitter: https://twitter.com/MsBurb

I hope to hear from you soon. Cheers!

Barbara J. Thompson
Other Books by
Barbara J. Thompson

No More Blood – Epilogue on the Life of Truman Capote & In Cold Blood
Eighteen Minutes to the Beast – A Nixon Watergate Thriller
Sessions – Predator vs. Shrink – Who will survive?
STOP Not Writing – A No B.S. Guide to Avoid the Avoidance Tricks of a Non-writing Writer

All available at: 
https://www.amazon.com/-/e/B0164UHC2S

~~~

Other Websites by
 Barbara J. Thompson

B. J.’s Virtual Lounge - Burb’s Buck & Buntline Inn 
https://burbsbuckandbuntlineinn.blogspot.ca/

Manson Family murders forensic blog – 
2nd Official Tate-LaBianca Murders Blog 
http://2ndofficialtate-labiancamurdersblog.blogspot.ca/
