Before She Hits the Roof
By E.A. Young
Copyright 2020 E.A. Young
Smashwords Edition
Chapter 1
Clorette burst into her room and dropped her backpack, which felt light as a feather. She raced to her computer, pressed the tower and monitor buttons, and turned the speaker knob. As her computer flashed to life, she kicked off her shoes.
Thinking to check her email first, Clorette ran down her input list posted on the monitor and saw a message from her mom’s work account.
She clicked it open and read, “Hi, sweetheart. “I’ll be home early today to celebrate your first day of summer. We can start on the backyard. Your dad is looking forward to this and it will be good exercise for you. See you soon. Love, Mom.”
Thrilled that sixth grade was finally over Clorette checked to see if any of her friends were in their chat room. The room was empty. Highlighting her friend Sylvia’s address, Clorette keyed in, “Sylvia, are you free?” Then she moved her mouse to the upper left-hand corner and clicked Send.
Waiting for a response, Clorette glanced at her computer and video games stacked along the shelves, including the three new software game programs she had ordered to play with them over summer break. She could hardly wait to get started. School had ended at noon, and Clorette was wasting no time beginning her summer plans.
She pulled her thick and shiny brown shoulder-length hair back into a ponytail and moved her chair closer to the desk.
Her computer started singing. Sylvia’s reply message appeared “Yep.” and Clorette keyed in, “Hi, Sylvia. Got new game program. Ready?” She pressed Send.
“Punch!” flashed on her screen. Clorette keyed the name of the software program onto the computer screen and sent it.
“Clorrie, baby!” her father called, walking in with his arms outstretched. His hands and the front of his shirt were covered with soil. “Why didn’t you tell me you were home?”
“I wanted to check my email.” Clorette’s eyes continued to stare at the screen.  Her friend wrote back, “Cool!  What time should I come?”
“How ’bout we get started out back, huh?” her father asked, kissing her forehead. “The cement’s hard and I’m just about to get the garden hose. You—”
“I’ve already planned to do something with Sylvia,” Clorette interrupted.  “She’s coming over now.” She felt stiff below her neck as she pressed the computer keys.
“I don’t believe this,” her father said with his arms still extended. “Sitting behind a school desk for ten months, and now you’re glued to this one?” He stood beside her.
Clorette did not answer her father. She read the message from Sylvia, telling her she would be right over to play after she finished her lunch and that their friend, Tarik, bought the same game and maybe he would like to come.
“I took my vacation this week, thinking we could spend some time together.”  Her father raised a soiled hand to the window. “Look at all that fresh air and sunshine going to waste. Didn’t you get your yearly supply of surfing, chat-rooming, and clicking away at that screen during school? Well, besides what happened to your discs, I mean.”
Sighing, Clorette sent Tarik a message. She saw that he was not online so she thought she would get back to him later when suddenly a return message popped on her screen.
“Who’s this?” the message read across her screen.
“It’s me, Clorette. Come over. Sylvia and me. Got game program,” she keyed in, not understanding why Tarik did not recognize her return email address, which should have appeared on his screen. She clicked Send and waited.
“I thought we would work together on the pond today,” her father said.
“It’s too hot outside,” she told him.
“Not in the backyard,” her father said. “Under the trees it’s nice and—”
“Dad, I really want to get started on this. I’ve been planning for months now.”
Her father leaned closer to her. “Clorrie, baby, I know computers are a wonderful access and can open up the world for you, but you need to expand yourself to other things.”
A message came on the screen, “Can’t. Buddy Damon and me doing football.”
Clorette stared at the screen. Tarik had never turned her down before.
She keyed in, “But it’s the first day of summer.”
“I think you’re taking your misfortune with the discs a little too hard,” her father said, rubbing his nose with his shirt-sleeve.
Tarik’s next message read, “And we’re going outside.”
Confused, Clorette keyed in, “But all the new game programs I ordered are here. We were going to explore the new science website and create our own Internet puzzle, remember? And check out some more paint crafts with Sylvia.”
“Clorrie,” her father called. “Baby, you can’t keep watch over all your things twenty-four hours a day, ya know. You have to leave your room sometimes.”
Clorette cringed and inched over in her seat, away from her muddy father.  Meanwhile the words “No chance!” flashed across her screen. She moved her hands away from the keyboard and stared at the wall, wondering if she were dreaming.
Why would Tarik act that way toward her? “Is something wrong?” she typed.
She waited but got no answer. She keyed in, “Hello?”
The message, “No chance!” flashed across her screen again. The words glared out at her, the muscles on the back of her neck stiffened even more, and her blood rushed to her head.
“Are you mad at me?” she keyed in.
She waited but nothing came back.
“How long do you plan on staying locked up in here?” her father asked, picking loose dirt from under his fingernails.
“I don’t know.” She narrowed her eyes and decided to connect back with Sylvia to ask what was wrong with Tarik.
Sylvia was not online, so Clorette sent another message to Tarik. She started to think that maybe it was not him on the computer. She keyed in, “Why are you acting like this?” and clicked Send.  
She waited for his answer. It did not come. She started to send another message when Tarik answered.
“Hi, Clor,” it said. “What are you talking about?”
“I sent you a message to come over, and you tell me no chance because you’re playing football,” she typed as her father left the room, shaking his head.
“When did you send it?” he asked her.
Clorette clenched her teeth. “Just now!” she keyed in. “Is someone else using your computer?”
“My new friend Damon is here,” Tarik explained to her. “He said he was trying it out. Why?”
“Because he said you weren’t interested in playing the new game programs I have.” Clorette felt her cheeks sting as she angrily clicked the message through.
“Sure I am,” Tarik responded. “Don’t take him seriously. He’s only kidding.”
Kidding? Now Clorette’s cheeks burned. Why didn’t Tarik see what his friend was doing? She responded, “Tell your friend that was a stupid thing to do!”
“Why are you getting upset?” Tarik sent. “He didn’t mean anything. Hold on a minute.” 
Clorette stared at the words on the screen, bewildered. She did not understand why Tarik was so calm about Damon trying to break up their summer plans. Tarik’s head always seemed to be in the clouds. He fell into a lot of traps that way, and Clorette always had to be ready to bail him out.
Just then another message flashed across her screen. “What did you do that for?” it said. “We were all set to play football. Now you ruined our game!”
Clorette adjusted her keyboard. “Look,” she started, “nobody asked for your opinion in the first place! This was supposed to be between me and Tarik! Who said you could use his computer anyway?” She chipped her nail clicking the mouse and sent the message.
“Well, this is between me and Tarik,” came back. “Why can’t you play with one of your girlfriends? Or just stick to punching your buttons all day, Miss Computer Wizard. We’re going outside.”
A picture of a bulldog sticking its tongue out at Clorette, came on the screen.
“That does it!” Clorette hollered and started hammering at the keyboard.
“Aah, aaahh!” her father said, barging back into the room. “No, no, no!” He pulled her chair away from the computer table while her fingers still pounded on the keys. “That’s enough. You’re not sitting at this desk all summer having word fights with your friends. What have I told you about that temper of yours?”
“He started it, and he’s not my friend!”
“I don’t care who started it, I’m putting an end to it. I’ve warned you, Clorrie, that if you don’t learn to control that temper of yours…You know what you need? A little outdoor fun. If you don’t want to work with me on the fish pond, I can move your schedule up for the summer.” He leaned in closer. “I’ve signed you up for camp.”
“CAMP!” she exploded. “I don’t want to go to some dumb, boring camp! Summer is supposed to be fun. I waited all year to get out of school and now you’re sending me to camp? That’s not fair. Why do I have to be punished because of some stupid kid?” She looked at the bulldog frozen on her screen.
“I hate nature. I like it here. All my things are here! Dad, pleeaasssee!”
Chapter 2
Three days later Clorette was sitting on an air-conditioned bus, holding a large duffel bag and staring at houses zipping past the windows as they crossed up into Washington State. Sylvia sat in the seat next to her. Tarik sat in the next aisle. Electronic beeps and hums filled the air as handheld video games devoured everyone’s attention throughout the entire ride.
Clorette shot her eyes at Tarik. “You could’ve defended me, you know.”
“How many more times are you going to keep bringing that up?” he asked, pressing the buttons on his video game.
“Well.” She pointed at all the kids on board. “Look what happened.”
The boy seated in front of her turned around. “My mom said your dad had a big parents’ meeting right in your basement,” he told her. “You didn’t know that?”
Clorette sneered at him. He looked familiar, from around the neighborhood, but she could not think of his name. “No, I didn’t know.” She slumped in her seat. “I was upstairs in my room.”
“You’re always upstairs in your room,” Tarik mumbled.
Clorette glared at him.
The kid said, “I’ve never been to camp before. What’s it like? Do they have rides?”
Tarik shook his head. “No. You get to ride a boat, though. But you have to do the rowing.”
The kid looked at him. “What if you can’t swim?”
“They’ll teach you. They have lifeguards.”
Smiling, the little kid turned around in his seat and went back to his video game.
Clorette bit her bottom lip and thought. “Who is this Damon friend of yours?”
“He’s just a friend,” Tarik told her. “He lives about four blocks from me. They just moved here about a month ago.”
“Yeah?” She raised her eyebrows. “Well, where is he now? How come his parents didn’t sign him up?”
He shrugged and said, “His parents didn’t know anything about your dad’s get-together. They just moved here, remember?” Tariq still would not look up from his game.
Sylvia leaned over Clorette. “I thought all the parents on our block were in on it by now,” she said. “A lot of kids signed up, even some from my school.”
“Everyone knew,” Tarik said, shifting in his seat. “Except Damon’s parents.” He looked at Clorette. “Your dad thought it would be best for you, after your backpack got stolen. And then he figured, why should the other kids be left out since we’re all from the same neighborhood. I guess he forgot to tell the new neighbors about signing Damon up, and it’s probably too late to make any more reservations now.”
Clorette leaned her chin in her hand and watched the road tunnel itself through the trees brushing against the side of the bus.
Good for me. Why would this be good for me? She noticed Tarik knew more about what her father was up to than she did.
Tapping her fingers to the rhythm of beeps, Clorette thought about the new software programs back home on her shelf, replacing the ones that had been stolen from her locker while she was in gym class a few weeks ago. All those personal discs she had created and downloaded her favorite programs on to—gone. She had packed them into her backpack to take over to Sylvia’s after school that day. If she had not had to go to gym, she could have kept her backpack with her the whole time she was in school. Now, whenever she thought about gym class, her muscles stiffened.
“Damon’s pretty upset,” Tarik said. “Now he’s practically the only kid left in the neighborhood. I think he’s blaming your dad for that.”
Clorette’s bottom lip dropped and she felt the stiffness leave. “Are you serious?”
“Yeah,” Tarik said. “Almost every kid in the neighborhood is in here now, unless they went someplace else for the summer.” Tarik raised his knees against the back of the seat in front of him.
Damon had tried hard to keep Tarik away from Clorette, and now here she was with the kids from their neighborhood while Damon was the one left behind.
Clorette grinned. Damon got exactly what he deserved, even if it meant she had to give up her computer for a while. As she glanced out the window, she noticed a sign on the side of the road--Camp Redwood.
“Listen up, people!”
Kids silenced the beeping as they raised their heads to the counselor riding shotgun.
“The great outdoors awaits,” he said. “We’ll have a quick tour to the main cabin and then you’ll be shown to your tents. You can settle in for about fifteen minutes or so, then come up for lunch. After lunch, you can sign up for your favorite camp activities for the day. My name’s Bob and if there are any problems, you may speak to me or any one of the qualified counselors for assistance. Are there any questions?”
Clorette glanced around at the silent passengers.
Counselor Bob nodded and sat back down in the front row.
The bus pulled off the main road and into a fenced-in field. The Camp Redwood sign hung high above the wooden fence. The driver stopped the bus beside the edge of the woods and opened the doors.
Clorette stepped off behind the rest of the group and into the blazing hot sunshine. She studied the dense trees and foliage and tall grass surrounding the campgrounds and thought about her computer sitting on her desk back home. She suddenly felt completely lost.
“You guys are in for a treat.” Counselor Bob smiled. “Camp Redwood is known for its recreational programs for young people.”
The little kid standing in front of Clorette looked around in dismay and asked, “Where’s the cable hook-up?”
Another one yanked the counselor’s shirt. “No satellite dish?” he asked, pointing above the treetops.
“Look, the idea’s for you guys to get away from the technical world for a while,” he explained as the last kid stepped off the bus, his fingers working hard at his game.
Counselor Bob snatched it away from him. “Your parents sent you here to give your button-pushing fingers a rest and to exercise your minds with some outdoor activities.”
Clorette’s button-pushing fingers stiffened and her eyes flashed at this remark. Ignoring Counselor Bob, she scanned the campgrounds but could see nothing but trails disappearing into the dark woods. Maybe it was cooler in there, she thought, wiping a drop of sweat off her forehead. She wondered if they would sleep in tents.
“Is everybody ready?” Counselor Bob counted heads and then led the group along a small path between the trees. Clorette watched him duck beneath low-hanging branches as the woods seemed to close in on them. Pine needles and twigs crackled under her sneakers. She clutched her duffel bag and tried to keep up.
“What about poison ivy?” a kid asked.
“Stay away from poison ivy, Harry,” Counselor Bob told him.
“Yeah, but how can I stay away from it if I don’t even know what it looks like?”
“You’ll know.”
Turning right past a prickly bush, Clorette gasped. She could see a large wooden house stretching almost as high as the treetops. Colorful birds soared above, their whistles echoing against the outer walls. Kids of different ages were circling the lodge, playing or talking with friends while katydids chirped noisily from below. The smell of freshly cut grass tickled Clorette’s nose as she watched a small feathery cloud of pollen float away from a hill of dandelions. “Whoa,” she whispered, savoring the real outdoors her parents so often talked about.
“I thought you said we’d sleep in tents?” Harry asked.
Ignoring him, Counselor Bob stepped up to the porch, about-faced, and said, “This is the main cabin. The cafeteria is located on the first floor. The nurse’s office is located on the second, and there are bathrooms throughout.
“These pebbled paths lead to all the sections of the camp, and three-foot stone walls circle the edge of the entire camp property. Step over these stones, and you’ll find yourself trespassing into somebody else’s territory.” He pointed toward the ground. “Remain inside the campgrounds.” He dropped down the steps and led them on another trail. The trees did not close in on them as they had on the other path.
Clorette glanced up at patches of blue sky, far above the treetops, and wondered if that was the same sky she saw outside her bedroom window. It did not feel that way.
“You think we’ll get a chance to eat soon?” Sylvia asked, swatting a fly.
“We should,” Tarik told her. “They didn’t serve anything on the bus, and it’s almost lunchtime.” He caught the fly in the palm of his hands and released it again.
“I hope you’ll wash your hands before we do,” Clorette said, twitching her nose at him.
They came to a second clearing, which ended near a lake. Clorette could hear the splash of a waterfall, but she could not see it. Rows of square, military-like tents lined both sides of the pebbled trail. The counselor walked them closer to the lake and about-faced once again. “All right, this is where you’ll be stationed. You can work out who you want to share tents with. If you’re not sure, we can use our buddy system. Anybody not sure who their tent buddy is?” He raised his hand as if he were asking a question.
Everyone looked around, but nobody said anything.
“Very well,” he said and looked at his watch. “You have ten minutes to put your things away and then I want you to report to the main cabin for lunch.” He headed back up the pebbled trail.
All the kids raced down to pick a tent and a tent buddy.
Clorette started down behind everybody else but then remembered why she was sent there. She turned back and stared up the trail, leading home to her bedroom with all her computer games still stacked along the shelves, and slowly shook her head. The thrill of paying Damon back had not lasted very long.
“Come on,” Sylvia said, pulling her by the arm. They stepped into the first empty tent and looked around. “Might not be so bad.” Sylvia brushed the long, curled bangs away from her forehead. “Which cot do you want?”
“Doesn’t matter,” Clorette mumbled, staring at the cubbyholes lining the walls. “What happened to the windows?”
“Nothing,” Sylvia told her. “They’re made out of screens, see?” She scratched the side of the screen with her fingernails. It sounded as if she were brushing against sandpaper.
Clorette dropped her duffel bag onto the floor and sat on her cot. “This can’t be happening,” she said, shaking her head in disbelief. “I must be dreaming.” She watched Sylvia put her things into the cubbyhole beside her cot.
“Hurry up so we can meet Tarik for lunch and get started.”
“Get started on what?” Clorette asked her.
“Whatever they have to do here,” Sylvia said, zipping her bag shut. “We’ll check out the activities.” She placed her backpack under the cot. “Maybe we’ll go hiking after lunch.”
Clorette shrugged and started to unpack.
About ten minutes later she followed Sylvia back up the pebbled trail to the cafeteria. Staring at the camp entrance, which still served as the path to home to her, Clorette climbed the steps of the main cabin. The cafeteria looked like a gigantic cottage living room with its own fireplace. Wooden picnic tables were spread about.
Clorette studied the kids sitting and talking around the room. Tarik was nowhere in sight. She followed Sylvia to the line and grabbed a tray, which the lunchroom staff filled with a club sandwich and a paper cup of fruit juice.
Sylvia led Clorette to an empty table in the corner by the window, shaded by pine trees leaning against the cabin walls. A large bug started crawling up the outer screen and onto a leaf.
Clorette checked to make sure all the windows were closed. That way no bugs could crawl in after her food. 
“I wonder where Tarik is,” she said, squeezing mayonnaise on her roll.
“Here he comes,” Sylvia said, peeling her mayonnaise squeeze packet open with her teeth.
Clorette watched Tarik carry his tray over to their table, the number thirteen on his bluish-green Miami Dolphins jersey just barely showing above his club sandwich. “Did you find a tent?” she asked him.
“Yeah,” he said, sitting between them. “Not bad. Got a good view of the lake.  How’d you guys do?”
“Pretty good,” Sylvia said, biting into the edge of her sandwich. “We can’t see the lake but got a good view of the woods. I think I saw a way in farther down.”
Clorette stared at her friends. The back of her neck began to stiffen again. Why were they pretending? They knew we were all sent here to desert our lonely computers, so why were they trying to make the place sound so great?
“I thought we’d go hiking right after lunch,” Sylvia told Tarik.
“Cool,” he said, taking the third bite out of his sandwich. “Explore the camp some more.”  
Clorette placed the rest of her sandwich down on her paper plate. She did not feel like eating anymore.
“Listen up, people!” Counselor Bob had walked into the cafeteria and stood in front of the podium by the fireplace. “There will be a kickball game beginning half an hour after lunch for anyone interested.” He pulled out a folded sheet from his back pocket. “Your sports counselor, Mr. Bibolgione, will assist you in all the sporting events. For the arts and crafts enthusiasts, you can sign up with Counselor Mandis at the creativity cabin located directly behind this one.”
Another counselor, a large man shaking his head from side to side, walked up to him. “This here is Counselor Bibolgione to inform you of our sporting programs,” Counselor Bob said, patting him on the back and then leaving the room.
The sports counselor, in a loose Camp Redwood T-shirt, twitched his dark mustache as he moved in front of the podium and asked, “Any questions?”
Everyone looked at each other.
“Can we call you by your first name?” a kid on the other side of the lunch room asked.
“Nah, you don’t have to go through all that,” he said. “Just call me Counselor Bib.”
“What kind of sporting events will we have?” someone else asked.
“Aaahh, the regular,” he said. “Kickball, stickball, volleyball....We’ve got tug of war…”
“Can we roast marshmallows?” someone asked.
Counselor Bib looked at him as if it were a silly question.  “Yeah, yeah, sure,” he said, rocking his head and adjusting his pants with his huge hands. “Just make sure you do it within the campgrounds and with a counselor present. We don’t need any forest fires out here.”
“Can we have campfires?” another asked.
“Excuse me, hello?” the counselor said, leaning on the podium. “How do you roast marshmallows without a campfire?” He looked at the rest of them and twitched his mustache again. “You can have hotdogs, burgers, the whole mess. Just make sure you do it within the campgrounds and with a counselor present.
“If you’ve got any questions or problems, let me know.” He pointed his thumb at the letter R on his T-shirt, rubbed his hands together, and then left the podium.
Clorette gawked at Sylvia and Tarik as the rest of the lunch room started mumbling, but they just kept eating. Something about Counselor Bib bothered her. She just could not figure out what.
***
Later, when they left the cafeteria, Clorette was even more discouraged.
“Let’s check out the pool,” Tarik said.
“I thought you wanted to go hiking,” Clorette told him.
“I do,” he said. “I want to see what the pool looks like first.”
“Yeah, me too,” Sylvia said.
They followed a pebbled path that cut between the two they had already traveled and led them up a steep hill. They could see the silver fence of the pool past a thick row of shrubs and high bushes.
“Wow!” Tarik said. “Look at this!”
“It’s gigantic!” Sylvia said.
Clorette was speechless. She looked at the grand size of the rectangular swimming pool, curved at every corner, and the blue water rippling from kids splashing and swimming from the shallow end all the way to the deep end and darkening the gray cement path around the pool with water spots. She did not see anyone she remembered from the bus. “It’s almost half the size of an Olympic-size swimming pool,” she said.
“This we must do,” Tarik said, pointing.
“Definitely,” Sylvia said. They turned and headed back down the hill. “Come on, Clor.”
Clorette took one last look and stepped down, tingling inside and for the first time excited to be at camp with her friends.
Chapter 3 
“Hey,” a little kid called, running up to them with a large umbrella. “I thought you guys were going on a hike.” A bigger girl ran up beside him.
“We are,” Tarik said. “This is Dorian and his sister Dolores,” he told Sylvia and Clorette. “They rode the bus in with us. They live right around the block from you, Clor. Dorian and Dolores, this is Clorette and Sylvia.”
Clorette noticed how the sun turned the top of Dorian’s and Dolores’s curly-blond hair into halos. She almost had to squint at them. Their eyes were the same aqua-blue color as the pool. Suddenly Clorette had a craving for a cool drink of water.
“What’re you doing with an umbrella?” Sylvia asked Dorian.
“Taking it on our hike,” he said with a look of authority as they headed back down the trail toward the tents.
“He uses it for protection,” Dolores told them, twirling strands of hair behind her ear. 
Clorette and Sylvia studied him. “What happens in the woods that you would need an umbrella for protection?” Clorette asked him.
He stared at them hard. “Didn’t they tell you guys?”
“Tell us what?” Sylvia asked as they passed the row of tents.
“About what happened here last year.”
Clorette studied him. “What happened?”
“The fight,” Dorian whispered. “The big fight that started with two kids throwing a whole bunch of rotten food. The fight the whole neighborhood got into.”
Clorette and Sylvia exchanged glances. “What was the fight about?” Sylvia asked him.
“Don’t know,” Dorian said, carrying his umbrella like a staff. “All I know is they brought the city cops in, and the county sheriff, and no one knew where the balloons or rotten tomatoes or the cold potatoes they found all over the woods and on people’s houses came from.”
“They smeared tomatoes on people’s houses?” Clorette asked.
“And water balloons and cold potatoes,” Dorian said.
“Why cold potatoes?” she asked.
“Because hot potatoes burn your hands and uncooked potatoes are too hard,” he explained. “They don’t smear as good.”
Sylvia glared at him. “You are kidding, right?”
Dorian shook his head.
Clorette asked, “Where’d they get cooked potatoes from out here?”
“They saved up all their French fries and tater tots from the cafeteria and then mashed them together into snowballs,” Dorian explained.
Clorette and Sylvia exchanged glances again.
“I always thought they called the park ranger,” Tarik told Dorian.
Surprised, Clorette asked Tarik, “You knew about this?”
Tarik nodded, ducking under a low branch.
Dorian, raising his umbrella, said, “All I know is the neighbors were complaining that the counselors had no control over their kids and they had no business destroying other people’s private property. They closed the camp down on trespassing charges for the rest of that summer.”
“And sent everybody home,” Dolores said, snapping a small branch off a bush.
“The worst food fight in the history of the camp,” Tarik said, tossing a pebble into the air. “All because two people couldn’t work it out.”
Clorette felt a sting run down her skin after Tarik said that, and she froze at the start of the trail leading into the woods. Rotten eggs? Tomatoes? Cold potatoes? Why would Dad send me to a camp that had a criminal record?
She peered inside the woods but could see no sign of trash anywhere. Remembering what her dad had said earlier, Clorette wondered what would happen if she lost her temper again and there was a fight this summer. Would the sheriff or park ranger throw me in jail?
At least she did not have to worry about Damon coming and starting more trouble with her. It was not her fault her dad had arranged this. If she tried, it would not be so hard for her to control her temper after all. Still, the thought of giving up her computer for the summer did not help.
Tarik, Dorian, and Dolores started on the trail into the woods.
“Humph,” Sylvia chuckled, hugging herself. “I’m glad I wasn’t here last year. This place is great.” Grinning, she followed the others inside for their first hike.
Clorette watched them go. With a wave of doubt hanging over her like a dark cloud, she trailed behind.
***
If there was one thing that Clorette hated, it was bugs.  For the rest of that afternoon, katydids, bees, wasps, and all types of flying things kept chirping, buzzing, or humming in her ears, causing her to flinch. She did not want any of them touching her.  One flew past her nose and she sneezed.
“You have allergies?” Dolores asked her.
Clorette shrugged, rubbing her nose. She could see Tarik and Dorian talking farther down the trail. “What’s that smell?”
Sylvia took a whiff. “I don’t smell anything.”
“Me neither,” Dolores said.
The buzzing and hissing sounds increased the deeper they went into the woods. “It sounds like the bugs are using their call and response sounds to prepare for an attack,” Dorian explained.
Clorette folded her bare arms and glanced around, frantic over getting scratched or bitten. “What does poison ivy smell like?”
Sylvia looked at Clorette and smiled. “You’re not used to this, are you? The only thing you can smell is a computer motor running, right?” She stopped walking down the trail. “Here, this might help.” She led Clorette down a slope beside a stream. “Take a deep breath.”
Clorette breathed in and could smell the moist air lifting from the cool, gently flowing waters. She then noticed the nearby bushes and tall grass rustling in the wind like a whisper. A purple dragonfly soared over the stream, just barely touching the surface.
“Which tent are you guys staying in?” Dolores asked, kneeling beside the stream. She twirled the same lock of hair behind her ear again.
“The one just up from the trail,” Sylvia said. “Where are you?”
“I got one next to the lake,” Dolores said. “We should get a nice cool breeze at night.”  She twirled a blade of grass in the water. “Why don’t you guys come over tonight? We’re telling ghost stories.”
“O-kay!” Sylvia said. She looked over at Clorette.
Clorette smiled and nodded. “Will there be a lot of campers there?”
Dolores shrugged. “So far just us five. Now you guys make it seven.”
Seven, a lucky number supposedly. Clorette touched the stream with her fingertips and felt a chill run up her arm. It was a gentle chill, not like the feeling you get from a sudden splash or from jumping into freezing water.
The pond at home came to mind as Clorette waved her hand in the stream. Cool trickling water comforted her and let the tight feeling inside her chest and forehead break down and melt away. Her skin absorbed the air around, and a feeling of peace suddenly surrounded her, a peace she didn’t understand but took a delight in. It made her realize that she loved water as much as her parents did.
She flicked the surface, stinging her fingers and sending ripples madly across the stream. She noticed that when she splashed the water angrily it splashed her back just as angrily. But when she laid her fingers in it gently, it touched her back the same way.
She listened to the blue jays singing on high branches and watched as they hopped between trees. Something landed on her right shoulder and she flinched again, until she noticed it was a leaf. As she brushed it off her shoulder, it landed on the surface of the water, curved up into a tiny green ship. A bumblebee flew inside the leaf and began to crawl around.
Clorette watched the leaf-turned-ship carry her thoughts down the stream, probably to a large body of water somewhere in the distance. She wondered if she might see it floating in the lake later when they were in Dolores’s tent. A chipmunk scurried on the other side of the stream, squeaking as it passed a shrub.
“What are you waiting for?” Sylvia asked Clorette. She and Dolores had already taken their sandals off and were wading in the stream.
Clorette kicked off her sandals and dipped her toes in, sending another chill up her leg and her back. Once her foot got used to the temperature she dipped the other one in.
“This part is camp property,” Dolores said, “so we can come here as much as we want.”
“How can you tell what’s camp property and what’s not?” Sylvia asked, glancing at the ground.
“Those layers of stone right over there.” Clorette pointed at the three-foot stone barrier that circled that section of the woods farther down from the stream. “I see two houses already.”  She stared at the rooftops way past the barrier. It did not seem like the camp covered much territory in the woods.
“Oow!” Sylvia cried, covering the bottom of her right leg.
“What’s wrong?” Clorette asked, wading over to her.
“Something bit me,” she said, examining her leg.
“Was it a mosquito?” Dolores asked.
“Don’t know,” she said.
“Maybe it was a neighbor’s watch bug, telling us we’re too close to their property,” Clorette replied. “You know, like a watchdog?”
“They probably have hidden cameras over their houses now,” Dolores said.
“Probably,” Clorette said.
“You should have seen how mad those people were,” Dolores told them. “I’m surprised they didn’t close the camp down for good.”
“Stop talking about that stupid war and let’s get back to me,” Sylvia said. “I think a bee stung me.”
“Is it swelling?” Dolores leaned over and looked at Sylvia’s leg. “I don’t see a break in the skin anywhere. You want to see the nurse?”
Sylvia shrugged. “It’s not so bad anymore.” She rinsed her leg off with scoops of cool stream water.
Wading in the stream, Clorette glanced around the forest and wondered how cool the pool must feel to the swimming campers right now. She looked up at patches of blue sky scattered above the trees. Maybe that felt as cool as the water surrounding her feet too.
Dorian raced up to them. “What’re you doing?”
Dolores looked at him. “What does it look like? Standing in a stream.” She whirled her foot over the surface.
Dorian squatted by the edge of the stream, appearing two feet shorter than his umbrella. Tarik walked up behind him. “Hey! How’s the water?”
“Refreshing,” Clorette told him, dipping both hands in.
“Did you forget there’s a whole swimming pool up there?” he said.
“Very funny,” Clorette said and twirled around.
A group of boys walked over to them. “Tarik,” one said, turning back to the others, “talking to a bunch of girls.”
Tarik lifted his head. “Hey, what’s up?”
“We’re looking all over the place for you so we can start a game,” another one said, “and we find you bathing in your private Jacuzzi here?”
Tarik clicked his teeth and tossed a pebble into the stream. It sent ripples toward Clorette.
“Are those your personal maids?” the boy asked.
Clorette stared at him. Short, skinny, and with tiny ears, he did not seem the type who should be cracking jokes at anybody.
“That’s Clorette—she’s cool,” Tarik told him, bending over to watch Dorian dig in the wet soil with his umbrella. “That’s Sylvia and Dolores. Clor, this is my friend Damon.”
Clorette felt her muscles harden. Suddenly the water was not soothing anymore. This was Damon?
He crossed his arms. “Oh, so you’re the genius who shares the chat room.”
How did he show up at camp all of a sudden?
“That was pretty stupid, thinking you could get your dad to send everybody else to camp,” he said, glaring at the treetops. “My dad drove me out here anyway, so your trick to split us up didn’t work.”
“I didn’t do any trick!” Clorette snapped, narrowing her eyes. “My dad planned this way before any of you even moved into the neighborhood. Besides, who told you to answer his email in the first place?” She pointed at Tarik.
“I was using the computer if it’s any of your business,” Damon said, leaning toward her.
“That doesn’t give you the right to answer other people’s emails!”
“Hey, wait a minute, you guys—”
“And sending that stupid dog out to freeze my screen wasn’t funny either!” Clorette hollered, cutting Tarik off.
“Your screen froze because you started pounding the keyboards and pressed something you weren’t supposed to,” Tarik calmly told her.
Clorette stared at him.
“That’s what your dad told my dad.”
Dolores stared at Clorette as she gripped the rim of her tank top tighter. “What’s that all about?” she whispered to Sylvia.
Sylvia shook her head and waved her hand away.
Clorette cocked her head at Tarik. “You’re standing up for him?”
Tarik heaved a big sigh. “All I’m saying is it’s not his fault your computer froze.” He looked at Damon. “And it’s not her fault her dad left your parents out of the meeting.”
“It is too her fault!” Damon swatted the air.
“You started it!” Clorette told him.
“You brought us out here!”
“I didn’t bring you!” Clorette clenched her fists.
“Come on—let’s get our game started,” Tarik told the boys and headed back to the main trail. “I’ll catch you later, okay?” He gave Clorette a long stare.
“I’m glad he wasn’t on the bus now,” Clorette murmured.
Damon overheard and frowned at Clorette as he walked around a high bush behind Tarik.
“Oh, just forget about him,” Sylvia said, grabbing Clorette’s arm.
“Did I miss something?” Dolores asked.
“I think we all missed something,” Dorian said.
“Was he the one that started that fight here last summer?” Clorette asked Dorian.
“They didn’t let any of those kids back,” Dorian explained. “They keep a list of all the names. How else would the camp get their money?”
“Drop it, Clor,” Sylvia told her. “You’re letting things get to you again. Let’s just go back to what we were doing, okay?” She continued wading down the stream. Dolores eyed Clorette once more and then strolled behind Sylvia.
Clorette was seething. Drop it? How could I drop such a thing? She could not understand how her friends could just let things go so easily.
“Feels better now,” Sylvia said, examining her leg again. “It might not have been a bug bite after all.”
“Let’s go all the way down the stream,” Dolores said, grabbing her sandals off the slope.
“Does it run back to camp?” Clorette asked, swiping her sandals and watching for any sign of Damon through the bushes and tall grass.
“I think it goes into the lake,” Dolores said. “There’s a small waterfall at the other end. The lake seems to pull everything that way.”
Dorian kept up with them, running alongside the stream.
“Take your socks off and come in,” Sylvia told him.
“Then I’ll have to wait for my feet to dry off before I can put my sneakers back on,” he explained.
Dolores looked at Clorette and Sylvia. “He doesn’t like water much,” she told them under her breath. “And he doesn’t like to get his feet wet.”
Clorette glared into the woods. She didn’t like Damon much. Now her whole trip would be ruined. Tarik would be off with him somewhere, probably all the way on the other side of camp, ignoring her for the rest of their stay.
“Ready, aim, fire!” someone shouted as a mud pack smacked across Clorette’s neck.
“Uuughhh!” she screamed, dropping her sandals in the water. “What is this?” She tried to brush the streaks off when suddenly mud packs flew over the bushes, splashing against everything in its path. The girls ducked and started leaping across the stream to get out of range.
“What’s happening? Who’s out there?” Dolores hollered, covering her hair.
“I don’t know but run faster!” Clorette yelled back, snatching her soaked sandals. She hunched down with Dolores as the two huddled behind a large rock.  
“Sylvia!” Clorette called. “Over here!”
Ducking flying mud, Sylvia hopped behind the rock and squatted beside Dolores. “What do we do now?” she cried.
“I don’t know,” Dolores said. “Where’s Dorian?”
“Up here!” he hollered from behind a redwood tree five feet up a hill.
Clorette tried to peek from around the rock, but the mud packs were coming too fast. She picked up a stone the size of her hand and began to throw it over.
“Don’t!” Dorian hollered. “If you break something, they’ll call the sheriff!”
Clorette dropped the stone and tried to gather thin twigs to use so there wouldn’t be too much damage if her aim was bad and she hit something else. She flung them one by one over the rock, past the stream, and into the bushes.
“Wrap up some soil in leaves like this,” Dolores said, wrapping them up one at a time. “That way they won’t break before they hit.”
Scoops of dirt flew through the air and landed on top of Clorette. She dropped the twigs and started collecting pebbles. “Who’s behind this?” she hollered.
“I don’t know,” Dolores said. “It can’t be the kids from last year.”
“Aaaahh!”  Sylvia screamed. She had turned around and bumped into an open umbrella.
“It’s just me!” Dorian said, holding the umbrella sideways so as not to get splattered. “Come on, let’s get out of here.”
Everybody squirmed behind the umbrella with him and crawled their way along the stream while being pelted.
“Wait a minute!” Clorette said, shifting around. “I want to see who’s doing this.” She peeked around the rim of the umbrella and saw shadows moving behind the bushes. Suddenly she saw a face peer around a tree—Damon.
Clorette shook with anger and started searching the ground for something hard to throw at him. She picked up another stone.
“No, wait!” Sylvia yelled, grabbing her arm. “They’ll throw us out of the camp!”
Clorette glared at her and started to say something when a gush of muddy water landed on top of her head. She gasped, spit up bits of grass, and tried to wipe as much mud off her head as she could.
“Look!” Dorian hollered.
Everyone peeked over the rim of the umbrella and saw Damon and other boys scooping up water and mud into large, wide leaves and tossing them over the stream in their direction. Then, if the leaves did not break, they used them to scoop up more.
“You’re messing up the whole forest!” Dolores yelled at them.
“Let’s get out of here,” Sylvia said and pulled Clorette behind the umbrella all the way back to camp. Globs of brown water cascaded down their backs as they spurted through the woods.
Clorette brushed the mud off her neck and flung it into the bushes. Her cheeks burned. The same water that had seemed so cool and soothing had changed into something cold and threatening. And that special part of the forest they had discovered had become an open war zone.
The whole group trudged as one large brown lump down the trail, bumping into bushes, slipping down slopes, and climbing over hills. Water and mud still splattered hard against the umbrella—the boys were close behind.
“Watch out!” Sylvia said as they ran into a short bush. “Hold the umbrella up a little higher!”
They all shifted to one side, away from the bush, and picked up speed.
“A tent!” Dolores hollered. “I see a tent!” The back of her T-shirt was a damp mess.
Clorette tried to touch her own hair with the back of her hand to see how wet it felt. She looked down at her tank top, darkened with muddy water.
“Let’s go get Counselor Bob—quick!” Dorian hollered and ran straight out the woods, directly into Counselor Bib.
“Hey, come on now. What’re you doing there?” he demanded. “What’re you doing with this?” He extended both arms. “You see raindrops somewhere?” He snatched the umbrella from Dorian and with three attempts finally managed to close it. “Inside the campgrounds. How many times do I have to tell you?” Then he noticed their wet clothes. “What’d you do—fall in the lake?”
“No,” Dorian said, pointing into the woods and looking like a munchkin next to Counselor Bib. “Damon and his friends are throwing water bombs at us.”
“Where’d they get balloons out here?” Counselor Bib asked with a look of concern.
“They’re not using balloons,” Dolores said. “They carry water on these big leaves.” She held her arms up in a circle.
“Oh, well,” Counselor Bib said. “There’re no rules against that. That’s nature’s property. That’s something different.” He held up the umbrella. “There’s no danger there.”
“But someone could have gotten hurt!” Dolores argued, brushing dirt from her damp and stringy hair. “They started throwing mud packs at us and we didn’t even do a thing to them!”
“Go put your curlers in and calm down,” Counselor Bib said, thumbing at her tent by the lake. “Nobody’s breaking any rules here now.” He pointed the umbrella at each one of them. “You kids keep your playing down to a dull roar from now on. I don’t want to have to come out there and haul you guys to ‘cafeteria clean-up’ just because you can’t get along.” He twitched his mustache and glanced down the trail into the woods. Then he headed back up the pebbled path to the main cabin.
The muddied, wet group watched him go.
“Are they waiting for someone to be sent to the emergency room before they do anything?” Dolores asked, still brushing dirt from her limp hair.
No one answered. Clorette was steaming. She spat out the gritty water that had somehow gotten between her teeth.
A bitter feeling toward Counselor Bib was growing inside her as she watched his huge figure traipse back up the pebbled trail. He was no better than Tarik. Why is it that no one could see the type of person that Damon really is, except for me?
“Funny,” Sylvia mumbled, no longer smiling. “Funny man.” After brushing some mud off her tank top, she rested her soiled hands on her hips and trailed behind Counselor Bib.
Dorian followed her, shaking the loose dirt from his fingernails. 
Clorette stormed into her tent to try and clean up before any mud dried on her.
Chapter 4
“Get that goo away from me!” Dorian hollered later that night, pushing his sister back before she could brush the clear polish onto his fingernails.
“It’s good for your nails,” she told him. “You want to get germs?”
Dorian jumped off the cot and leaped on top of the cubbyholes.
“Dorian, catch,” Sylvia said and tossed a pretzel to him.
Dolores shook her head and twisted the top back onto her nail polish. She put it in her tote bag and then dimmed the ceiling light.
Clorette stared out the tent’s screen window at the clear view of the moonlight sparkling on the lake’s surface, like fluttering threads of silver.
Clorette felt a spark fuel inside her. After wrestling over it for an hour she had finally decided which activity she would try out first. Sylvia loved volleyball and Clorette had decided to love it too, first thing tomorrow morning. She was not going to let Damon spoil her fun anymore, and if he did show up, she would punch him in the nose.
No, wait. If she did that, she would be kicked out of camp and away from all her friends. And she was just as much entitled to fun and games as anybody else.
She tried to rub out the stiffness from the back of her neck, but it would not go away. Determined not to miss out on any activities, Clorette’s mind was set. She would have fun, and the minute Damon started to bother her, she would find some sneaky way to get back at him, even if it took the rest of the summer.
“Can you sleep in those?” Sylvia asked Dolores, pointing at the wired curlers popping out lopsidedly all over her head, even though every strand of hair was wrapped.
“Sure,” Dolores said, crossing her legs on the floor in front of her cot. “Okay, you guys ready?  Who wants to go first?”
Four other girls sat cross-legged on the floor with a big bowl of popcorn and pretzels. 
Surrounded by her new friends and the promise of ghost stories, Clorette decided not to let the dread of Damon interfere anymore. She crossed her legs and braced her back against the cot.
“Why don’t you start?” Arita pointed to her tentmate Dolores. She tossed a handful of popcorn into her mouth and passed the bowl around.
“All right,” Dolores said. Dorian climbed down and sat next to her. The ceiling light shined a weak version of halos on top of their heads.
“It happened on a night just like tonight,” Dolores began, “deep, deep in the woods, where bare tree branches twisted and bent into strange and ugly shapes. Some of them looked like they were ready to reach out and grab you.” She held her arms up and clawed freshly polished fingernails at everyone.
“Only by moonlight could the soon-to-be-doomed see their way through the treacherous forest, filled with mice, beetles, and screeching black cats. No one entered the woods unless they were condemned by the powers that brought them there, and once they entered, they were never seen again.”
“Wai’ wai’ wait a minute,” Micheline, another tentmate, said. “You’re not talking about here, are you?”
Dolores shrugged. “Could be. No names were given saying which forest it was.” She narrowed her eyes at all of them. “Only the doomed knew by reading the paths in the forest and listening to the whispers of the leaves—”
“All right, all right!”  Micheline hollered, getting up. “It’s somebody else’s turn.” She turned the ceiling light back up.
“What’s wrong with you?” Dolores asked.
“Shhh!” Micheline said, staring out the window. “Something’s moving out there.”
Dolores leaped up and snapped the tent door shut. “There,” she said, sitting back down. “Problem solved.”
“I thought you wanted to tell ghost stories.” Arita, still shoveling popcorn into her mouth, said to Micheline.
“Okay, I’ll go,” Bernadette said. “Once upon a time—”
“We’re not in kindergarten,” Yasmine cut in.
“Shut up,” Bernadette told her. “Once upon a time, in a quiet little village, a community of churchgoers was suddenly threatened by an invasion. The biggest, deadliest beetles had swarmed over the entire eastern village. There was nowhere for the villagers to run to get away from the swarm.”
“Isn’t that from that movie where those bugs ate up the people’s farms?” Arita asked.
“Those were grasshoppers,” Yasmine explained. “Locusts.”
“Wait a minute,” Micheline said. “That was the boll weevil that ate up people’s farms.”
“Yeah, but they didn’t make a movie about it,” Yasmine explained.
“Can I go on, please?” Bernadette said. “Now I forgot where I was... Oh, yeah. There was nowhere for the villagers to run. They tried gas, water, pesticides, but nothing worked. Finally, they discovered a solution. They thought to bury the beetles in a block of cement so that when it hardened under the earth the beetles would be trapped forever without air or food.
“The villagers got to work. They poured cement into a gigantic hole and lured the beetles in with beetle juice. They buried it deep into the ground while it hardened.
“Then one day the villagers heard a funny scraping noise. They looked around but couldn’t figure out where the noise was coming from. Suddenly, an old woman screamed and pointed her cane at the spot where the cement block was buried. The ground there was bubbling dirt and the soil began to break loose because the beetles were digging their way back up.
“People screamed and ran everywhere to get as far away from the village as they could. Now it’s nothing but a ghost town, and no one ever returned to find out what happened to the beetles. For all we know, they could by multiplying by the thousands, getting ready to take over the entire Earth.” Bernadette looked at all of us.
Clorette crossed her bare arms and glanced around the cabin for bugs.
Yasmine narrowed her eyes. “How can one block of cement hold an entire village of beetles?”
“It was a small village.” Bernadette helped herself to some more popcorn.
Yasmine blinked, not looking too satisfied with that answer.
“Some beetles are pretty,” Dolores said, getting up. She leaned back on her cot. “I think ladybugs are very pretty.”
“Yeah, but these were big, ugly, disease-carrying beetles,” Bernadette explained.
“Hey, what time is it?” Arita asked.
“Ten fifteen,” Yasmine told her.
“I’m signing up for volleyball tomorrow.” She brushed the pretzel crumbs off her blue jeans. “I already told Counselor Bib I’d be there early. I don’t want him to think I backed out.”
“He’s signing people up?” Clorette asked, wide-eyed. “What does he have to do with our volleyball game?”
“Are you kidding?” Arita said. “He lives for sports.” She pulled her sneakers off and tossed them under her cot. “He’d try to get every kid out here involved if he could. He’s even coaching the Little Leaguers tomorrow afternoon, right after the volleyball game.”
Clorette felt a big hole in the pit of her stomach. She forgot that he was in charge of the sports. Her day had not even started yet and already it was ruined.
“What time does the game start?” Sylvia asked Arita.
Clorette swung her eyes toward her.
“The baseball or volleyball?” Arita asked.
“Volleyball.”
“Half an hour after breakfast,” she said. “We can’t win a game with everybody throwing up their breakfast.” She pulled her pajamas out from her cubbyhole.
“Are you ready to head to our tent?” Clorette asked Sylvia. She stood and brushed off the popcorn kernels.
Sylvia got up. “See you guys tomorrow. We’ll meet you in the cafeteria at eight, okay?”
“Okay,” Dolores said.
“Good night,” Yasmine said.
“Don’t let the bedbugs bite!” They all hollered.
Sylvia laughed as the two of them walked out of the tent. Clorette shut the door behind them.
“Wow,” Sylvia said. “It got dark out here.”
Clorette looked around as the dark night air engulfed her. She looked up at the towering shadows of redwood and listened to the rustle of leaves the chirping crickets below almost drowned out.
“Did you see all the things Dolores brought with her to camp?” Sylvia asked. “I think being with her is going to be a lot of fun.”
Clorette asked, “What did she bring?”
“You didn’t see all that neat stuff she had in her tote bag? Magnetic travel games, trivia games, Rubik’s cube.”
Clorette shook her head.
Lit tents helped guide them up the pebbled path. A few kids were still strolling through the night air in pairs.
When they reached their tent, Sylvia opened the door and pulled the chain to their ceiling light. “She also brought a deck of cards with her if we want to play,” she said. “She doesn’t mind other people using her stuff.” She went to her cubbyhole and grabbed her small bag.
Clorette thought about her lost discs. “Does she ever get them back?”
“Sure.”
Clorette pulled out her toothbrush and a large towel from her duffel bag. “You coming?”
“My washcloth is caught on something.” Sylvia wiggled it inside her bag. “Okay, I got it now.” She followed Clorette out the door to the washroom.
Later, on their way back, Clorette saw that their tent door was wide open. “I thought you shut the door,” she told Sylvia.
“I did.” They walked up and peeked inside.
Clorette studied every inch of the floor for beetles.
“Look!” Sylvia cried, pointing at a black ball of fur hunched over in the far corner. A double white streak ran down its back.
The fur shifted and spun around.
“Skunk!”  Sylvia hollered and threw her washcloth and toothbrush into the air as she disappeared out the door and into the darkness.
Clorette stood horrified. She watched the skunk bump into the cot, back up, and roll in her direction. Since when did a skunk back up? She never saw a skunk roll before either and did not understand why she could not see its feet. She waited until it was in front of her and then swatted it hard with her towel.
The skunk toppled over, revealing a racing car underneath. The wheels were still shifting and spinning. Clorette leaned over the skunk and discovered it was a hat with eyes, ears, and a nose glued onto it.
She picked it up and held it away from her. Someone had poured some stinky stuff on it. She held her nose and carried it to the door.
At the same time, Sylvia was rushing back in with Counselor Bob. “It must have crawled in there when we were out.” She looked at Clorette. “Where’d it go?” Then she gaped at Clorette’s hand holding up the skunk.
“I know who did this,” Clorette told Counselor Bob. “Damon.” She bobbed her head. “He’s been on my case ever since he got here.” She pointed at the mechanical toy car. “He put a racing car under this skunk cap. That’s how it moved.”
Counselor Bob walked up to Clorette, took the skunk cap from her hand, and examined it. “Did you actually see him do it?”
“No, I didn’t actually see him do it. But I know he did.” She raised her voice.
“Take it easy,” he told her. “Now let’s weigh this out.”
“Weigh it out?” she exploded. “He did this! He’s the only one out here who’d pull a stunt like this!” She rested her hands on her hips. “And you’re going to let him get away with it, aren’t you?”
“Clor—”
“I’m not going to let him get away with it!” she yelled.
Counselor Bob placed his hand on her shoulder and sighed. “Pranksters do run rampant at camp sometimes.” He shook his head. “I guess we have to expect that.  Don’t take this personally.”
Clorette’s bottom lip dropped and she glared at him. “He’s out to get me!” she stressed.
Counselor Bob sighed again. “You’ve got two choices,” he told her. “You can stand here wasting time thinking up ways to get back at him, or you can find other things, better things, to fill your time.” He looked at both of them. “I think you’ll feel a lot better after a good night’s sleep.” He patted Clorette’s shoulder and carried the skunk cap and toy car out of the tent.
Clorette slammed her towel down on her cot. She could not believe how these people were letting things slide like that. “I hate that dumb kid!”
Sylvia clicked her teeth. “Oh, he’s a nut. Just forget about him.” She lay down on her cot and pulled the sheets up to her neck. “Concentrate on our game tomorrow.”
Clorette felt her whole body shaking. She folded her arms and paced the small area in the middle of the tent. She remembered the stream and how hitting the water hard had made her hand sting afterward. Getting angry at Damon was not hurting anybody except herself. But what could she do to make him leave her alone?
Finally, after her legs were about to give, she walked to her cot and jerked the sheets back. She yanked the ceiling light off so hard that she broke the chain.
Standing in the dark, Clorette tightened her grip on the chain, dreaming up ways to get back at Damon.
Chapter 5
The next day, Clorette and Sylvia sat watching the youngest campers play their baseball game.
“No, look, see? This is how you do it.” Counselor Bib was showing a Little Leaguer the proper way to hold a baseball bat. “There you go!” He walked back to the pitcher’s mound and prepared to throw the ball.
“Let’s go boat riding later,” Sylvia suggested, twirling a blade of grass. She held the winning volleyball on her lap.
Clorette sat quietly, wondering why all this was happening to her. Sylvia acts as if nothing was wrong, even after last night. 
Counselor Bib lightly tossed the ball and the little kid swung the bat too fast and missed. The catcher grabbed it and tossed it back to Counselor Bib.
Then Counselor Bib moved in a little closer and pitched the ball again.
“Strike two!” the umpire hollered.
Clorette rested her chin in her hand. Earlier this morning, an electrician had hooked the chain back onto their ceiling light, which seemed like a waste of money for the camp because a counselor could have easily done the same thing. Clorette and the others had been at the volleyball field at the time. Arita, Sylvia, and Dolores had played on the same team, and they won.
Clorette did not play. She sat on the sidelines and watched. She was not about to give Counselor Bib a chance to somehow cheat her out of the game the way Damon had cheated her out of the woods. But she did not want to leave her new friends.
“My glove doesn’t fit!” the first baseman hollered.
“You’ve got the wrong hand,” Counselor Bib said.
“These are the only hands I’ve got!”
Counselor Bib walked over to first base and pulled the mitt off the boy’s right hand and slipped it onto his left.
Clorette watched the batter strike the bat against the ground twice, press his lips together, and aim the bat in the air. Counselor Bib tossed the ball again.
“Watch. I bet he won’t even let that poor kid hit the ball,” Clorette said.
The batter swung. The ball cracked hard against the bat and soared into the edge of the woods. Cheers rang out as the batter raced to first base, second, and third and then slid into home.
The outfielders were still swatting bushes inside the woods trying to find the ball.
“Wow!” Sylvia said. “He hit that ball hard.”
A celebration was taking place at home plate, with players jumping up and down, trying to give each other high fives and missing.
“Way to go, shrimpo!” a familiar voice yelled.
Clorette looked past home plate. Damon had appeared out of nowhere and was bopping each Little Leaguer on the head.  She gritted her teeth. Where did he get off celebrating when he wasn’t even in the game?
She noticed Counselor Bib talking to the losing team and patting them on their backs, just like he had done with the team that lost to Arita’s earlier. He was not celebrating with the winners, like Damon, and he was the one who lived for sports.
“Come on,” Sylvia said, tossing the volleyball above her head. “Tarik said he might meet us down there.”
Clorette had not seen Tarik anywhere near Damon. “Did he tell anybody anything about going to the lake?” she asked Sylvia.
“Not that I know of.”
They headed down the pebbled path past the tents.
When they reached the lake, a few kids were out in rowboats.  Clorette still did not see Tarik anywhere. She and Sylvia signed up for a boat.
“You do the rowing,” Sylvia told her and tossed the ball into the boat.
After they both got in, Clorette dipped the oars and rowed out toward the middle of the lake. Rocks and tall grass lined the edge. Butterflies with colorful wings flew by, stopping at flowers and dandelions dotting the lakeside, while purple and blue dragonflies soared across the water’s surface.
“I think a family of ducks is around here somewhere,” Sylvia said, dipping the back of her hand in the water.
“Let me know when you see one,” Clorette told her. “I don’t want to bump into any.” They sailed past another boat where two boys were hunched over playing cards.
Clorette listened to the ripples as she rowed. The gentle slap of waves against the boat soothed her nerves. She felt she was a part of nature again and started rowing with ease, trying to follow the rhythm of the waves. Her ears took in the whistle of birds from trees towering over the lake.
Suddenly she heard a loud splash in the distance. Everybody in boats looked back toward shore. Damon was standing, rocking a boat, while some kid, strapped in his life preserver, was floating in the lake.
“Oh brother,” Sylvia muttered.
“No, Dolores’s brother,” Clorette explained, staring at the shiny wet golden hair.  The counselor helped Dorian out of the water and set him on the grass, checking to see if he was all right.
They could see Dorian nod and pull off his wet sneakers and socks.
“He should be furious now,” Clorette said, remembering how much he hated to touch water. Too bad Dorian was not in the boat with her, safely far away from Damon. But maybe now he might be angry enough to help her get back at Damon.
She turned forward again and stroked the oars, putting more distance between her and Damon.
Sylvia, facing the rear of the boat, slowly spun the ball on her lap. Clorette did not see any look of shock on Sylvia’s face as she quietly watched what was happening by the shore, but she imagined it on Dorian’s. She herself did not have anything to worry about either, being out in the middle of the lake.
“Let’s row closer to the bank,” Sylvia said, pointing to the steep slope of ground under the trees. “Maybe a mother duck will slide down into the water with her ducklings right behind.”
Sailing under the low hanging branches, they watched for the ducks on land. Sylvia peered through every branch covered with leaves to see where they might be hiding. “They could be snuggling somewhere,” she whispered.
Clorette rowed the boat closer to the land. A few feet ahead, tall reeds in the lake bowed in their direction from the wind. “Maybe they’re up there.”
Sylvia shifted in her seat as their boat began to sift through stalks of reeds. She searched around. The sound of buzzing bees and chirping katydids filled the air. “I wish I had a duck whistle,” she said.
“I think I see something,” Clorette whispered. She held the oars still. “There between the reeds—see that brown thing?” She kept her eyes on a small brown bundle in the water a few feet ahead.
“Yeah,” Sylvia whispered. She leaned over the rim of the boat. “Move in a little closer.”
Clorette gently dipped the oars back into the water and rowed closer to the brown bundle. “Can you see what it is yet?”
“No,” Sylvia said. She sat up on her knees and held on tight to the boat as the reeds appeared to creep past them on both sides, just barely touching the boat. “I can’t tell if it’s a sleeping duck or a stone.”
“Is it moving?”
“Wait a minute.” Sylvia bent her legs under her seat and hunched down over the rim of the boat. “I think it’s—” She jerked forward as something bumped into the back of their boat.
“Hey!” Clorette hollered, twisting around. The two boys who were playing cards had floated up behind them.
Startled, they looked up from their card game. “Sorry,” one said.
“Where are we?” the other said, looking around.
“Shh, duck hunting,” Sylvia told them. She turned around again and signaled Clorette to start rowing.
Getting her breath back, Clorette pushed both oars into the water, bringing their boat closer to the strange lump.
The boys in the other boat started to stroke the water with their hands to catch up. “Hey,” one whispered. “Look over there.” He pointed at two large feathers floating on top of the water.
Clorette and Sylvia looked at each other. They pulled their boat closer to the object. “It’s a rock,” Sylvia said with a sigh of relief.
“Still, where did the feathers come from?” Clorette asked as their boat skidded to a stop beside the slope.
One of the boys picked it up. “Maybe they’re molting.”
“Hey, yeah, that’s it,” Sylvia said. “I almost thought—”
“Hey, I had those feathers first!” a familiar voice cried out from behind the trees.
Clorette’s cheeks burned. She inspected the edge of the woods, which rose three feet above her head.
Damon jumped out from a bush, holding duck feathers in his hand. “You’re not supposed to be out this far anyway.” He frowned at them in their boats.
“You don’t own these woods,” Clorette started.
“I own these feathers!” he shouted, raising them in the air. Then he cascaded down into the edge of the lake, splashing water on everybody.
“Watch it!” Sylvia blocked her face as the waves he created rocked the boat.
As the two boys in the other boat watched Damon retrieve the two feathers, they backed into the girls’ boat, causing water to splash onto Clorette’s legs.
“You creep!” she accused. “Look what you’ve done!”
Damon snickered at her and carried his feathers past the reeds.
Clorette climbed out of the boat and up onto the dry land and tried to brush the dirt and wet stains off.
Sylvia followed her to the nearest trail. “We can’t keep running every time he shows up, you know,” she explained.
Clorette glanced back at the boys still in their boat; they went back to their card game. The girls’ abandoned boat floated beside them.
Sylvia clicked her teeth. “All right, you want to go hiking again? We never did finish the rest of the trail.”
Hesitant over hiking because of what had already happened—and because of fear of a second nature war—Clorette slowly shook her head.
They headed back to camp. Sylvia tossed the volleyball into their tent as they passed it.
“You know who you can thank for all this,” Clorette remarked.
Sylvia looked at her. “What do you mean?”
“For everything that’s happening,” she said. “Damon’s still blaming me ’cause my dad set this up.”
“Damon’s blaming you?”
“Yes!” Clorette blurted. “It’s not my fault we were sent here. He thinks I did this on purpose.” She snapped a wildflower off the bush. “I didn’t even want to come.”
“You don’t feel that way now, do you?” Sylvia asked.
Clorette looked around. Sunlight flickered through the trees. A reddish-brown squirrel scurried up the bark in front of her. Baby robins twittered in their nests. “Not really,” she said, sniffing the flower. Then she tossed it up to a cardinal in a high bush, but it flew away.
They strayed alongside the woods behind the row of tents until they saw a small group of kids huddled together.
Someone had started a campfire at a clearing near the edge of the woods and in view of the pool.
“Let’s go over there,” Clorette suggested, still determined to get as far away from Damon as possible. A kid ran up with a large bag of marshmallows.
“There’s Dorian.” She pointed. He was wearing a different T-shirt and shorts and was sitting beside the fire.
He looked up. “Hi,” he said. “Want some marshmallows?”
Clorette and Sylvia sat next to him as he passed out the marshmallows. His hair still shone with streaks of water.
“Here,” Dorian gave each one a branch shaved at one end to hold the marshmallow.
Sylvia held her branch over the fire. “Let’s sing a song.”
“No, no, no!” Dorian cried, covering his ears.
Sylvia glared at him.
“I got something better,” another kid said and pulled out his CD player.
Dorian moved his hands away from his ears.
The kid pushed the play button and music filled their small section of the woods, scaring away the birds in the trees and shrubs shading the campers and giving them shelter. “At least they won’t drop anything on our marshmallows,” he said, lowering his branch.
Crackling flames scented the air with burning wood and sweet marshmallows. 
The large stones that circled the flames, which were enclosed by the circle of campers, reminded Clorette of the ones she wanted to throw at Damon, except these were arranged neatly on the dry ground before her, surrounded by the flat beige soil with a few blades of grass, leaves, and dandelions scattered about—no torn, muddy reminders of that war she was a part of deeper in the woods.
Clorette loosened the wet pants leg from her skin. She was free to enjoy the campgrounds again.
“I think yours is ready,” Sylvia told her.
Clorette pulled her branch away from the fire and blew on the roasted marshmallow. She peeled a corner off and dropped it into her mouth.
“Good, isn’t it?” Sylvia said, peeling a piece off of hers.
“Mmm!” Clorette’s mouth watered.
“Hey, a roast out!”
Clorette shut her eyes and lowered her head.
“We should have a weenie roast!”
She felt a brush of soil hit her in the face. She wiped it off in time to see Damon walk into the clearing and stumble over the stones. Duck feathers were sticking out of the collar of his wet T-shirt.
Clorette watched him grab the marshmallows and shove them into his mouth. Then he stood right in front of her, blocking her out from the group.
“Excuse me,” she called to him. “Will you move?”
“Who taught you guys how to roast marshmallows?” he asked.
“Boy Scouts,” Dorian told him. “Want a roasting stick?”
Clorette gaped at him.
Sylvia still had her view of the fire and sat with her legs crossed. She saw the look on Clorette’s face and shrugged.
Clorette almost wanted to push Damon into the fire. He was still bent down in front of her, waving a marshmallow over the flames.
She felt him pressing her nerves, and suddenly she could not bear it. She threw her branch down, got up, and left the campfire.
Sylvia turned around and rushed to catch up. “Why do you keep letting him get to you?” she asked as they headed down the pebbled path.
Clorette could not answer. The back of her neck felt as if it were on fire. She marched toward the main cabin to call her parents.
“Where are you going?” Sylvia asked.
“Home.”
“What?” Sylvia shrieked. “You’ve got be kidding!”
Clorette stopped at the steps. “Look, I want to go home, all right?”  She was shaking again. She had to find someplace where she could get away from Damon.
“But we just got here,” Sylvia cried. “And now you’re ready to leave?”
Clorette turned around and headed up the steps.
Sylvia leaped up the steps in front of her. “I keep telling you to ignore him. I can’t believe you’re going to let him blow your whole camping trip.”
Clorette sighed. “I’m a little sick and tired of him showing up everywhere I go.”
“It’s a small camp—what do you expect?”
“If it’s so small, how come we never see Tarik?” Clorette did not wait for an answer; she shook her head and continued up the steps. She went into the hall beside the cafeteria and saw a pay phone on the wall. She made a collect call home.
It rang four times. “Hello?” her father said.
“Okay, I’ve had a taste of the outdoors,” she said into the receiver. “Now can I come home?”
“It’s Clorrie!” she heard him say. Then she heard someone else pick up.  
“Hi, sweetie,” her mom said. “How’s camp?”
“Fine, I want to come home now.”
Her father said, “You just got there.”
“Yeah, but I’ve been here two whole days!” she told them. “I feel so refreshed now.”
“Well, all right, Clorrie baby,” her father said. “If you don’t like that camp, I have five more listed that we can try out. I thought you would like to be with your friends but—”
Clorette gasped, “Wait!” She watched Sylvia come in the door.
If she made her parents send her to another camp, she would not be with her friends anymore, at least with the friends she had left.
“Something’s come up so I’ve changed my mind,” she immediately told her parents. “Got to go now. Talk to you later. Bye!” She slammed the phone down and sighed.
Sylvia walked over to her. “Come on,” she said, pulling her by the arm. “Let’s go swimming so you can cool off.” She took her back outside, down the steps, and up the hill to the swimming pool fence, where they saw Tarik in the water.
He climbed out of the pool, dripping wet, and trotted over to the fence. “Hey!” he said. “The water’s great! Come in!”
Clorette smelled the chlorine on his skin and watched the cool drops roll off his forehead.
“We’ll get our suits on. Meet us at the entrance,” Sylvia told him through the gate. They headed back down the hill to their tents to change into their bathing suits.
“The water does look cool,” Clorette said, pulling off her clothes.
“We should have done this a long time ago.” Sylvia stepped into her one-piece bathing suit.
“At least we’ll be together again.” Clorette tied the strings to her suit behind her neck. She did not feel the stiffness anymore.
After eating all those marshmallows, Damon would not be allowed into the pool until they were digested, so she would be free from him for a while.
They grabbed their towels and rushed out of the tent.
When they reached the pool entrance, Damon, fully dressed, was already leaning over the edge of the pool and splashing water with his hands at the swimmers. The lifeguard blew his whistle at him.
Sylvia dropped her towel and stepped down the ladder into the water.
Sighing, Clorette laid her towel on the ground and stepped down the ladder too. She watched Sylvia swim.
Maybe the waves would relax her. Clorette braced her foot against the wall and glided beside Sylvia.
The lifeguard did not do any more after Damon pulled his hands out the water; he just sat back in his chair, watching.
“Let’s go to the deep end,” Sylvia told her, floating on her back. She rolled over and swam to the other side, toward Damon.
Clorette scowled. The water did not soothe her.
Tarik was splashing in the middle of the pool, nowhere near Damon. Clorette swam toward him. Suddenly Damon pulled his feathered T-shirt off and jumped out of his jeans and dived, butt first, into the water. Sylvia had to cover her head to keep from getting splashed.
Clorette slowed her pace, watching to see where Damon would surface. She could not see him. She swam a little farther. “Tarik!”  
He didn’t hear. Suddenly she felt someone push her legs up from underneath and send her flipping over backward back into the water.
The current sent waves up her nose. She held her breath and kicked her legs until her feet found the floor and she could stand up straight again. After she wiped the water from her eyes, the first thing she saw was Damon’s wet back. He did not see her.
Holding back tears, she turned around and climbed out of the pool.
“Clor!”  She heard Sylvia yell. “Clor, where are you going?”
She snatched her towel, carried it back to her tent, and sat on her cot.
She did not understand it. Everywhere she went, Damon seemed to follow. She rubbed the wet spots on her face, not sure if it was pool water or angry tears. She laid the towel on her cot and sighed.
Everything Clorette wanted to do was slowly being taken away from her. She felt she was sinking into a pit Damon was creating just for her. She started dreaming up traps to set for him—in his tent, out in the woods, during one of the activities—just so she could get away from him.
Then she shut her eyes, remembering the rules.
Whether it was fighting him or fighting the urge to fight him, Clorette wanted to be free from this bad feeling so that she could begin having fun with the other kids.
Sylvia appeared at the door. Sighing, she walked over to Clorette. “We can sit by the lake and put our feet in the water,” she suggested, squatting beside her.
Clorette sat silently, staring down at the floor.
Sylvia leaned her head down toward her. “He’s already been at the lake,” she said. “Why would he go back?”
Clorette raised her eyes to the canvas ceiling. “This camp is just too small.”
Sylvia got up. “Then let’s go do something small.” She tossed her towel inside her cubbyhole.
After they were dressed, Sylvia picked up the volleyball. They walked out of the tent and up toward the main cabin.
“That’s something we haven’t tried.” Sylvia pointed at the arts and crafts cabin. They went inside. Displays of art projects lined the shelves against the wall.
 “This looks interesting.” Sylvia picked up a red piece of paper folded into a dove. She held it to the light.
“Hi,” a tall lady called out to them as she entered through another doorway.  “Ready to try some artwork?”
“Sure,” Sylvia said, placing the art piece back on the shelf. She set her volleyball down on the floor underneath the picnic table in the middle of the cabin.
Clorette walked around and sat on the other side of the table. She repeatedly looked out of the cabin door.
“I want to make that,” Sylvia pointed at the dove.
“That’s origami,” the counselor, whose name tag read Counselor Mandis, said. “It’s the oriental art of folding paper.” She pulled sheets of colored paper off another shelf and laid them on the table between them. Then she instructed them on how to fold the paper.
Counselor Mandis walked over to Clorette. “You seem upset.” She sat down next to her. “Anything I can do to help?”
Clorette shook her head and glimpsed out of the door again.
Sylvia sighed. “She’s looking for Damon to show up anytime now.”
Clorette flinched at her.
“Damon?” Counselor Mandis asked.
“He’s this kid that keeps following us,” Sylvia explained.
“Maybe he’s just being friendly,” Counselor Mandis said.
“He’s already got friends,” Clorette mumbled. “He’s got Tarik. I don’t know why he doesn’t stick with him. What more does he want?” She slammed her crumpled paper down and rested her forehead in her hands.
Counselor Mandis tilted her head. “People can have more than one friend.” She waited for a response. “Have you tried reasoning with him?”
Clorette looked at her and then looked at Sylvia. She told the counselor, “He threw mud packs at us in the woods yesterday. He tried to scare us with a fake skunk last night.” Her eyes flared. “He froze my computer with some stupid bulldog when I was at home!”
Counselor Mandis raised her hands. “Bad suggestion,” she told Clorette, apologizing. “I think maybe you’re concentrating too much on Damon.”
“If he’d stay out of my way, I wouldn’t have to concentrate on him at all!”
“There’s no reason why you can’t enjoy your activities,” the counselor said.  “Plenty of other kids you can get along with are here. You don’t have to be with him if he makes you feel that miserable.”
“He’s the one following me.” She put her head down. “I hate that kid!”
“Being angry is all right if you don’t become obsessed with it. But too much anger can lead you into doing things you might regret later on in life.” She raised her eyebrows at her. “Living with guilt is a hard thing for any person to do, Clorette.”
The words struck Clorette. She did not want to do something that she would regret later. It bothered her to think that she could be led by her anger into this, just because of Damon.
It was possible that Damon was not responsible for everything that happened. Maybe there was another prankster loose.
Sylvia leaned toward Clorette. “Why don’t we go see what Dolores is up to?” She picked up the volleyball and her finished blue paper dove.
Sighing, Clorette got up from the table and followed Sylvia out the cabin, leaving her crumpled beige dove on the table.
Clorette looked around the campgrounds and felt dejected. She glanced back at the arts and crafts cabin, the quietest cabin at camp yet the place that held the most disheartening thoughts for her. 
Chapter 6
“Hey, there’s Yasmine,” Sylvia said, pointing at a kickball game getting under way up ahead. “Tarik’s with them. Come on.” She raced up the field to join them.
Clorette had no desire to play. She felt so cheated out of everything—all because of Damon—and she did not want to take a chance on his showing up again just when she was starting to have fun. She knew he was enjoying all the trouble he was putting her through. Who did he think he was anyway, destroying what should have been wonderful adventures at summer camp?
“Are you guys in?” Yasmine asked.
Sylvia glanced at Clorette. “I am,” she told Yasmine.
Clorette was about to answer no until out of the corner of her eye she caught Damon clumsily bouncing the kickball. Suddenly, her cheeks burned and the muscles in her arms tightened.
It isn’t right. It just isn’t right. Everybody is telling me to change instead of pointing the finger at him. It’s his fault I’m this upset now. I couldn’t even fold a dove.
No, she was not about to let him get away with this. If the camp people wouldn’t stop him, well then, I’ll have to do it myself.
“Yeah, I’ll play,” she told everyone.
Sylvia looked at her in surprise.
“Great!” Yasmine leaped into the air and hauled both Clorette and Sylvia over to the rest of the group.
“All right, two sides,” a counselor hollered, bursting out from a group of trees.
Clorette came to an abrupt halt. It was Counselor Bib. She watched him strut toward the kids gathered. After his rotten comment about their fight in the woods, how could she trust him to judge a kickball game? He didn’t care. He didn’t care about anyone.
“We need two teams here. Now, what’s the story?” He looked around at everybody. “Hey, give me that ball,” he said to Damon.
Clorette watched Damon’s crooked throw. Another kid ran to fetch the ball and dribbled it back to Counselor Bib.
“Let’s split this gang right down the middle,” Counselor Bib directed. “No time for picky choosy. You ten over here, and you eleven over on that side.”
Damon was on the far end of Clorette so he wound up on the other team.  Sylvia and Yasmine were on her team.
Watching Damon, Clorette felt the tension leave her shoulders and a fire start to burn within her at the same time. She wiggled her toes inside her sneakers.
“All right, who kicks first?”
“Can we flip a coin?” a kid suggested.
Counselor Bib twitched his mustache as he dug in his pocket and pulled out a quarter.
“I want heads!” another kid said.
Counselor Bib flipped the coin in the air and caught it in his palm. He flipped it again onto the back of his hand. “Tails.”
Damon’s side spread out in the field. Clorette lined up with her team to kick.
“Let’s kick some homers here,” the first kid on line told everyone, sounding almost like Counselor Bib.
Everyone on the team clapped.
Clorette was set to be the fifth one up to kick. She eyed Damon at first base. Counselor Bib, bent over like a hunched giant, rolled the ball gently toward the first kicker, who kicked it past second base and ran to first. The next one kicked the ball toward third, moving the first kicker to second and putting her on first. The third one kicked a foul ball. When Yasmine was up, she kicked a high ball, which was caught by the right outfielder.
“You’re out,” Counselor Bib said.
Clorette stepped up to play with runners on third and second.
“Look who thinks she can kick,” Damon smirked.
Everybody looked at Clorette, whose cheeks were stinging. She aimed her foot in Damon’s direction while at the same time watching Counselor Bib. She wiggled her toes and waited for the ball.
When Counselor Bib had the ball, he hunched over and rolled it toward her.
Clorette took two steps forward and kicked the ball with a vengeance toward Damon. He did not see. He was busy laughing. The ball whacked him hard in the forehead. Damon fell to the ground while the ball bounded into the trees.
Clorette raced to first base as the ball bounced through the branches and tumbled back down to the ground, where the right outfielder ran to get it.
The three players ahead of Clorette ran for home. She was already at second base with a grin on her face when she looked back at Damon rubbing his forehead.  He saw her at second base.
Counselor Bib was leaning over him. “Well,” he said. “Where’s it hurt?”
“She did that on purpose!” Damon hollered. “She hit me on purpose!”
“What’re you talking about?” Counselor Bib asked him.
“She tried to knock me out!”
Counselor Bib looked over at Clorette on second base and lowered his eyebrows. She held her breath.
“You’re not knocked out...yet,” he told Damon. “Otherwise you wouldn’t be sitting here holding a discussion. Wait in the dugout and rest yourself a bit. You’re tired.”
Damon leaped to his feet. “I am not!” he hollered, standing face to face with Counselor Bib.
Then Counselor Bib stood up to his full height.  “Good,” he said. “Royce,” he called to a kid sitting on the sidelines, “walk this one to the nurse.”
Damon didn’t say another word.
Clorette breathed a sigh of relief. Finally, she had given Damon exactly what he deserved without anybody finding out anything about it. She watched him getting a personal escort down the trail to the main cabin, his shoulders hunched in defeat.
Sylvia came up to the plate. Counselor Bib rolled the ball and Sylvia’s kick sent Clorette running home.
After the game ended and Clorette’s side had won, she and her friends sat in a small clearing near the edge of the woods celebrating.
“We should have a pizza party,” Dorian said. “With popcorn, chips, and prizes.”
“Sure is a neat kickball cap you got,” Sylvia told Yasmine.
“Why didn’t you get one?” Yasmine asked her. “You already have a volleyball. Don’t you want something different?”
Sylvia continued to roll the volleyball on her lap. “I like to collect balls.”
“Too bad the kickball got lost,” Dolores said. “You could’ve had that for a souvenir.” Then she told Clorette, “That was one heck of a kick you gave out there.”
“Thanks,” she said, grinning at herself. “I think so too.”
“How’d you manage that?”
“Let’s just say Damon inspired her,” Sylvia said, rolling her eyes.
Clorette shot her a stern look.
“Hey, don’t look at me!” she told her. “This is your battle.” She crossed her legs on top of the rock where she was sitting.
“What battle?” Clorette asked. “I just gave him a taste of his own medicine, that’s all. Let’s see how he likes it, the big dummy.” She laughed. “Ouch!”
A ball came out of nowhere and whacked her in the back of the head.
Rubbing the sore spot, she turned around and picked the ball up, realizing it was the lost kickball. She looked through the branches to see who had done it and spotted Damon running behind a tree.
“That’s the ball you used to kick to get to second base,” Dorian said.
Feeling her cheeks burn, Clorette dropped the ball in front of Dorian and climbed out the clearing. 
“Another one for your collection,” Dorian told Sylvia, handing it to her.
“Where’re you going?” Dolores hollered, but Clorette did not answer. Instead she stalked across the field to her tent. When she reached the door, she stopped and looked at the ground around it, covered with pebbles and twigs.
Because Damon wasn’t suffering enough for what he had done, maybe it was time that he did.
She scooped up a handful of dirt and snapped off a tree branch full of leaves that was hanging beside the door to her tent. She went down to the washroom and turned the faucet’s handle.
She pulled off each big leaf and laid it on the shelf. She poured an equal amount of dirt on top, and then sprinkled water on each pile and twirled it with her fingers until it became muddy. After filling eight leaves with mud, she folded and carefully packed them inside her pants pockets and headed back outside.
She searched up and down the trail, watching campers wandering the campgrounds, sailing in boats, and hiking, but she did not see Damon. She crept into a secluded section of the woods and walked beside the trail, being careful to stay out of the sight of any hikers.
Passing a redwood tree, Clorette saw Damon beside a stream with Tarik and a few other boys. She tiptoed across the trail, crouched under the low hanging branches, and moved to the closest bush behind them, all the while keeping her eyes fixed on Damon.
“What’s the big deal?” he said. “You just go in there and pick it up.”
“You threw it in there. You pick it up,” Tarik told him.
“It’s your ball.” 
“It was my ball when you threw it in there too.”
Damon rolled his eyes. “Tch! That was an accident.”
“Accidentally on purpose, you mean,” Tarik calmly told him.
Clorette watched the lines above Tarik’s forehead harden. Her lines faded, slightly, as she stared at her best friend, who, she had always figured, never lost his temper. Was that how I looked when I got angry?
“Tch! Will you stop acting like a big baby and get your ball?”
Tarik glanced at the neighbor’s backyard farther in the distance, cluttered with pails, shovels, mountains of brown soil, and rakes. “The one who threw the ball in there is the one who’s supposed to go get it,” he stated, resting his hands on his hips and moving closer to Damon. “You threw it in there, so you get it out.”
“Tch!  Big baby!” Damon hollered, waving his arms and backing away.
Clorette lowered her head and looked around to see if any of the neighbors were watching.
“You get any louder and they’ll hear you,” a kid said, pointing at the house. “And you know the rules—no trespassing.”
“That’s just because of what happened last year,” Damon said. “That doesn’t have anything to do with us.”
“It has everything to do with us. You want the sheriff out here again?” another kid asked. “I don’t know about you, but I’d like to come back here next year.”
Damon smirked at him. “For the last time,” he told Tarik, “are you going to get your ball or not?”
They all looked at each other.
“You forget,” another boy said. “If we get caught, they’ll send us home. They might even close the camp down for good this time.”
Tarik turned to face the neighbor’s backyard.
“So then you’re just going to be a wimp about it?” Damon challenged.
Tarik’s eyes bulged, and he gave Damon an icy cold stare.
Clorette crawled out from behind the bush.  
“Well, look what the wind blew in,” Damon snapped.  
“Tar, let’s go.” Clorette grabbed his arm, surprised at how stiff it felt, and started to head back to camp.
“Wait a second! Where do you think you’re going?”
“None of your business,” she snapped at Damon and then said to Tarik, “We got another game lined up and Sylvia’s waiting, so let’s go.”
“Why don’t you mind your own business?” Damon snapped back, standing in front of her. “We’ve got a game going on right here.” He looked over at Tarik. “What are you anyway—his mother?”
Feeling a sudden rush of blood to her head, Clorette slipped one hand inside her pocket to grab a loaded leaf. She did not care anymore if she looked angry in front of everyone.
“Why don’t you stop picking on her?” Tarik said, suddenly stepping up to Damon.
Clorette slowly let go of his wrist.
Damon moved away from Tarik. “Why are you defending her?”
“I’m not defending her,” Tarik said, backing Damon toward the stream. “I’m just saying stop picking on her.”
Stunned, Clorette watched to see if Tarik would hit Damon.
“She’s the one who started this in the first place, remember?” Damon argued, “On the computer, and then sending you guys out here.” He stared at Clorette. “What’s your problem anyway? Can’t you find any other friends to play with?”
Clorette felt the back of her neck burning. She and Tarik had been friends for years. If anyone needed to find someone to play with, it was Damon.
Furious, Clorette left Tarik and stormed back to camp. She heard Tarik rushing to catch up with her, but she refused to look back.
On her way out of the woods, she felt a heavy emptiness growing inside of her. Maybe it was her heart slowly disintegrating and leaving a giant hole in its place.
Tears blurred her vision as she noticed that someone was running toward her. She recognized the curly blond top.
“Come on,” Dolores said, grabbing her by the arm. “Sylvia’s up there waiting for you guys. We’re playing tug of war.”
Clorette tried to catch her breath. She watched the rest of Tarik’s friends race up to the field.
Tarik walked by her side. “I guess I won’t be getting my soccer ball back again,” he told her, resting his hand on her shoulder.
Clorette would not look at him. She shut her eyes a minute, trying to stop the rush she felt building up inside. How could all this be a joke with him? She wondered now if she should have just let him fight it out with Damon.
Tarik clutched her arm and led her alongside the woods to where Sylvia was waiting. Kids were grouped together out in the middle of the field. Clorette kept looking toward the woods for Damon, knowing he would pop up again sooner or later.
“You guys ready for tug of war?” Sylvia grinned at them. “This is some strong rope,” she said, squeezing the thick twisted strands. “Look how heavy it is.”
Clorette grabbed one end and squeezed it, trying to drain out the pressure growing in her chest, when suddenly she felt a tug yank her backward to the ground. She lifted her head and saw who was responsible.
“You can’t play,” Damon told her as he tightened his grip at the other end. “Only the cool kids can play. Nobody wants you.”
Clorette quickly glanced at the kids out in the field; no one had noticed them. “You big pain!” she hollered.
“You little punk!” he hollered back.
“Hey—” Tarik cut in, but Clorette had already wrapped the rope around her arm and pulled hard.
Damon, still holding his grip, crashed facedown into the grass. Spitting dirt, he scrambled to his feet again and pushed against the ground, pulling the rope back in his direction.
Clorette tightened her grip and braced her feet for leverage as Damon started to prop himself in front of a dirt hill. She bent her knees slightly to allow him to inch back to the edge of the hill and then she released the rope and watched him fall back into the pile of dirt.
Then she whipped the rope, sending waves of abuse at him.
“Cut that out!” he cried, trying to knock the blows away.
“Clor, what are you doing?” Sylvia demanded, trying to take the rope from her.
“Here comes Counselor Bob!” Dolores warned, snatching the rest of the rope and hiding it behind her back.
“Everybody over here!” Counselor Bob yelled, waving a clipboard. He was looking the other way.
The other kids ran to the far side of the field to meet him.
Clorette slammed the rope down and dodged into the woods to disappear.
Sitting under a tree, she squeezed a rock in her hand, pretending it was Damon’s head, and stared at the imprint it left on her palm and the inside of her fingers. She stroked the rope burns on her arm and then peeked through the pine needles at the campers in the field.
Sylvia, her arms folded, huddled beside Dolores and Tarik as the other kids picked sides. Then the three of them headed down the pebbled path, away from the game. Damon was not out there anymore.
Clorette sulked. She wanted to do something; she could not keep still. Feeling the packs of mud still wrapped up in her pockets, she marched down an abandoned trail, stomping and swatting at the grass and bushes that had started to re-grow. She saw Counselor Bib preparing for a game of volleyball on the other side of the camp.
Arita was there, flinging the ball in the air. The arts and craft cabin was halfway hidden in the tall grass behind them.
Clorette took a deep breath, stepped out of the woods, and walked over to where everybody was teaming up.
She felt the pit of her stomach drop as she came closer to Counselor Bib. “I want to play,” she mumbled.
“Oh you do, do you?” he asked her. “Go ’head, then—choose a team.”
Sighing, she walked over to Arita’s team.
“The volleyball champions of the world!” Arita said, holding Clorette’s hand in the air as a sign of victory. “Are you ready?” She released Clorette’s hand and stooped low, facing the net.
“Yes!” Everyone shouted.
“Then let the game begin!”
Counselor Bib blew his whistle, and a girl on the other side of the net served the ball.
It hit a girl’s knee on Clorette’s side and she bounced it up and sent it back with a punch. A boy on the other side sent it high over the net, and it slammed down on top of Arita’s head. She popped it right back.
“Good play,” Counselor Bib said.
Clorette started to pay closer attention to the game. Someone from the other team returned the ball with another high pass.
“I got it!” Arita said, raising both hands in the air when the ball came over. She smacked it into the ground on the other side of the net for a point.
Everybody cheered.
“That’s one point there,” Counselor Bib announced.
Clorette’s team served the ball, and a low return came her way. She popped the ball up lightly, jumped, and pounced it to the ground on the other side.
“Way to go!” a boy said and gave Clorette a high five.
“Correction, make that two points there,” Counselor Bib announced.
Clorette was smiling. She felt a great release of energy and the tension in her neck was gone.
“We’re ahead,” a kid behind her said.
“That doesn’t mean you can start slacking up now,” Arita told him.
The ball was served and the game continued to fill the rest of the afternoon.  Kids on both sides of the net each had a chance to hit the ball; no one was left out. Everyone was laughing, cheering, and jumping in the air, and Clorette felt like she was part of the group again.
“We got ’em whipped now. Let’s go, let’s go!” Arita cheered and clapped.
“The score is eight to ten, our side,” the girl next to her said.
“Does that mean we can start slacking now?” the kid asked and everyone started laughing.
“Hey, it’s the jinx!” someone hollered.
Clorette stopped laughing and looked around. She saw Damon and two boys walking up beside Counselor Bib.
“Look at the jinx. Look at the jinx. Jinx, jinx!”
“Easy, easy,” Counselor Bib said, not looking at either one of them. “Your serve,” he told the other team.
The server tossed over the net toward Clorette and she got ready to hit it.
“Miss!” Damon hollered, causing her to lose her balance and plummet to the ground.
“Ouch,” another kid mumbled.
Counselor Bib hurried over.
Arita squatted beside Clorette. “Are you all right?”
Clorette did not answer. Her stomach felt indented like a waffle from all the pebbles and twigs scattered on the grass.
Once she caught her breath, she pulled off her sneaker to throw at Damon. He ducked and the sneaker went soaring into the tall grass behind him.
“Hey, hey, now,” Counselor Bib told her. “Take it easy.”
Ignoring him, Clorette grabbed the ball, swerved around him, and then slammed the ball right into Damon’s gut.
Counselor Bib gripped her arm. “There’ll be no more of that!” he said to her.  “You, out!” he told Damon. Then he hauled her over to a nearby storage shed, which was filled to the ceiling with sporting supplies. He let the door slam shut behind them.
Chapter 7
Counselor Bib rested his huge hands on opposite shelves, stacked with deflated life preservers, swimming goggles, and rubber flippers, and he twitched his mustache. “You’ve had that look on your face since you got here. You going to tell me what the heck your problem is?”
Shocked at his straightforward approach, Clorette watched the penetrating glare in his hazel eyes, where she saw no look of sympathy. She caught sight of the door behind him and felt cornered with his thick neck dividing his broad shoulders, which towered in front of her. She wished she were back in the arts and crafts cabin and Damon was facing Counselor Bib instead.
“I don’t have a problem,” she muttered.
“Don’t give me that,” he snapped. “Since day one you’ve moped around this place, making everybody else’s life miserable. If you don’t like it here, why don’t you call up your folks so they can come get you?”
“But then they’ll send me to another camp,” she told him. “All my friends are here.”
“Well it’s about time you started getting your act together then, don’t you think?”
She sighed. “My act was together until that dweeb showed up, trying to destroy everything.”
Again the counselor twitched his mustache, trying to hide a grin. “And which dweeb would that be?”
Clorette folded her arms and stared down at the floor.
Counselor Bib’s sneakers looked as if they were dipped in paint that was the same blue color of the swimming pool.
“Damon,” she mumbled, shaking her head in defeat. “He bugs me wherever I go. I don’t know what to do to make him leave me alone. He gets on my nerves. Every single day he somehow winds up in the exact same spot I am and I’m sick of it. I’m sick of him trying to get me into trouble just because I’m Tarik’s best friend!”
“So now you’re trying to get him into trouble, is that it? Even out the score?”
Clorette glared at Counselor Bib’s eyes, still convinced that they were seeing right through her.
“Wasting time on some little parasite—what’s the matter with you?” he suddenly raved. “Spend some of that pent-up energy you’ve got on your own activities and you won’t have any left over to burn off being angry at him.”
Because of the thunder in his voice, Clorette glanced up at the ceiling, wondering if the vibrations would cause it to crash in on them.
Counselor Bib leaned in closer and said to her calmly, “How much more self-control are you willing to give up so that ‘dweeb’ can ruin your day?” He narrowed his eyebrows. “What can he do to you that’s got you so hard on the defense?” He pointed his chin at her. “You think blowing your top at him is going to protect you?”
She blinked, trying to find an answer, but her lips would not move.
“Stop worrying about giving him what he deserves and enjoy the summer, for crying out loud.” He turned and walked back out the door.
Clorette stared at the door after it shut. When she was sure it would not open again, she closed her eyes and rubbed her forehead.
Why is my temper so hot? Why do I let things get to me?  Maybe her father was right when he said that she needed an outlet for all her pent-up energy. Maybe she should concentrate more on the activities and less on Damon.
“Let’s not get ugly out here!” She heard Counselor Bib’s voice holler beyond the closed door—outside in the open, where she should have been spending her summer right now.
Clorette suddenly remembered that she only had one sneaker on. She stepped out of the shack and headed toward the field, which was scattered with campers revving up for the next event.
“Clor,” Arita called, running up to her. She gave her the other sneaker. “Are you all right?”
Clorette nodded, putting her shoe back on.
“What happened?” Arita asked her.
Clorette shrugged. She did not want to talk about it. They headed up to where the other campers were grouped.
“So you made a mistake,” Counselor Bib was telling a little kid. “You’ve got thirty seconds to cry over it on your throne there.” He pointed to a large rock by the woods. “The rest of you, let’s get back to business.” He grabbed a football off the ground. “I need two quarterbacks right here, right now.”
Screaming and jumping all over each other, everyone crowded around him with their hands in the air. He blew his whistle. 
Closing in on the group, Clorette could feel her dislike for Counselor Bib slowly dwindling away. She had stopped building him up as another barrier blocking her from the things she wanted to do. Instead, she wanted to feel the same energy that everybody else was feeling toward him.
He chose two quarterbacks and split the group down the middle into two teams. “Spread out,” he told them. “Pick which side will play defense and which will play offense.”
Both teams chose their first players. The others sat along the edge of the field, out of bounds.
Counselor Bib walked to the middle of the field. “Okay, running back, wide receiver, offensive lineman, defensive lineman, linebacker, let’s go. Who wants what?” After everyone picked a position, Counselor Bib walked off the field and the players got ready for the first play.
“Remember, use their offense to your advantage,” he told a kid playing defense. The little kid nodded his head as he got into position for the first play. “Out on the field you can release some of that extra energy of yours,” Counselor Bib said in a lower tone. “But in a dignified way.”
Clorette looked around to see who he was talking to.
He glanced at her. “The types of skills they use in sports are the same skills you can use in life, you know.” He pressed his lips together and shook his head, watching the offense make their first fumble. “Handling fear, anger, aggression, humiliation, disappointment...A lot of emotions out there, a lot of emotions. Changes come in seconds. It’s brace-yourself time.”
The offensive team made the next play, gaining only two yards.
“Just like that short little fuse of yours there.” He pointed his chin at her. “One single minute can hold a ton of energy.”
Clorette lowered her head after he said that.
He crossed his arms and gazed at the field. “Challenge, defeat, recovery, reward all wrapped into one. That should keep your head occupied for a little while.” He twitched his mustache at her.
Clorette studied the players lining up for the next play. The quarterback got the ball, and three kids on the defense side tackled him to the ground. She trembled.
“Organized athletics,” Counselor Bib hollered out at them. “Not the streets here! We follow the rules. HEY, HEY, HEY, I SAID LET’S NOT GET UGLY OUT HERE!”
All those kids continued running at each other, but they were doing it in an almost orderly way, not as if they were angry and trying to kill each other.
“Steve, let go of Harvey’s leg!” Counselor Bib said to a kid whose jeans buckle was connected to another kid’s sneaker lace. They turned each other loose, got up, and then got into position for the next play.
Even though she wasn’t in the game, Clorette did sense a lot of drive coming from the players.
“I’d be kind of scared to go out there and get clobbered,” she said.
“Then sit in the stands with the audience.” Counselor Bib pointed at the grass.  “You don’t want to go out there to make the plays, fine.”
Another kid butted his chest against a running back’s backside and flattened him and the football.
Counselor Bib tossed out a replacement football and they lined up for the next play. “Feel the spills and thrills with the spectators... Concentrate on the game.
“Good move, good move!” he hollered at a bulky receiver buried under a bunch of tiny defensive linemen.
On the other side of the field, Clorette saw Damon cackling hard.
She put her mind back on the game. It did seem to hold a lot of energy for her, even though she was only watching. She wondered if the players felt it even more.
After the receiver got up, he glimpsed at Damon and stumbled over to Counselor Bib. “They tripped me!” the kid said, rubbing his backside.
Counselor Bib looked at him. “Yeah...and?”
The kid glanced at Clorette. “It’s embarrassing,” he whined.
“If you’re walking down the street it is,” Counselor Bib told him. “You’re out in the field now. Trip ups, falls, slips—expect it.” He pointed at the players. “If it’ll help your team gain points, it’s necessary.” He looked at the kid’s pout. “You just gained your first down. Nobody’s laughing at you. Get back out there.”
As the kid raced back out to play, Clorette thought how she would feel with all those kids falling on top of her. She asked Counselor Bib, “Can I sign up for volleyball instead?” She waited for him to say no.
He gawked at her and said, “I’m signing you up for volleyball, baseball, kickball, swimming, and soccer.” He smirked. “Let’s see how much angry energy you’ve got left after I’m through with you.”
His smile widened, curling his mustache. “OKAY, LET’S GO!”
*** 
Two days later, Clorette rushed into her tent. Still dripping wet from her swim, she pulled her towel off, tossed it onto the bed, and looked at her watch.
She had only fifteen minutes to dry off, change into her clothes, and meet the others for volleyball. She glimpsed at the soccer cap she had earned from Counselor Bib after winning the game yesterday. He had even written her name on the rim with a gold pen.
As she slipped into her culottes, she felt that the last two days had gone by extremely fast. Each of her friends had souvenirs from the games they had played, and they didn’t have to win to get them either. All they had to do was play fair and have fun.
She tied her hair into a ponytail and secured the soccer cap on top. Then she headed out the door and jogged down to the volleyball field. As she was making a right turn past a shrub, a hand reached out through the branches and snatched the initialized cap off her head.
“Hey!” she hollered as she saw Damon stumbling through the woods with the cap in his hand. She chased him down the trail and caught up with him in no time. “Can I have my cap back, please?” she asked him and waited for his snide remark.
Wheezing, he stopped at the same stream where he had had that argument with Tarik a few days ago, and flung her cap across it into the neighbor’s backyard.
“Oops!” he said. “Look what I did. Now you have to go in there and get it.”
Clorette saw where her cap had landed, a few feet from where Tarik’s ball still lay. She glared at Damon, his dry lips twisted into a grin, and she figured she could either stand there wasting time and energy arguing with him, or she could go start her volleyball game and just get another soccer cap from Counselor Bib.
She swung a branch out of her way and let it snap back. Then she raced back to camp, breathing in all the fresh air and watching the afternoon sunlight flickering through the trees and sparkling against the edge of the lake.
After volleyball, Clorette lolled around inside her tent the rest of that afternoon, thinking about the game. She could not remember when she had ever felt so relaxed and energetic at the same time. She glanced out the screen window at tree leaves fluttering in the breeze and a blue jay feeding worms to its babies chirping in a nest on a high branch.  Then she looked down at her fingers, wondering what felt different about them.
It suddenly occurred to her that she had not been punching away at buttons on a keyboard for a while. Also, her back did not feel as stiff as it used to from sitting in a chair for so long. Clorette thought about the old discs she lost and the new game programs still waiting at home for her.
She started to miss her computer then but soon realized that it was only a part of her life. She had other things that were just as important. She had discovered there was another side to her that needed to run and jump and climb and swim.
Clorette felt a small tingle running all over her skin as she thought back on all the activities she had signed up for and managed to accomplish. Time seemed to go by fast, but she was able to fill every minute. She wondered if this was how Tarik and Sylvia felt, and maybe that was why they did not worry about being so long at camp. There would be time left to get back to their computers before summer was over. Maybe they knew this and were glad to add these new experiences to their old ones.
Clorette stretched back on her cot and breathed in the fresh smell of pine traveling through the tent.
Just for fun, she had played on the team against Yasmine and Arita. Her side had lost, but everyone still had a good time. And ever since she had deserted Damon in the woods, he hadn’t bothered her again. Strange, he did not even show up the rest of the day. Even Tarik had been there to play in some of the games.
Clorette shook her head. Damon must have been a lousy friend to lose Tarik that way; he probably didn’t know how to keep friends. Well, at least she did not have to worry about him anymore.
She gazed out the screen window at a robin twittering in the bushes and watched it fly away, wondering if it felt the same rush she did running for that homer in baseball earlier this morning.
“Hey!” Sylvia burst into the tent. “Guess where they’re serving dinner tonight?”
Clorette sat up in her cot. “Where?”
“Outdoors,” Sylvia told her, flopping down on the cot. “We’re having a great big barbecue right beside the swimming pool.” She tossed her volleyball on top of her tote bag. “The pool’s even going to be lit up.”
Dolores climbed into the tent. “Did you guys hear?”
“Yeah,” Sylvia said, getting up.  “I was just telling Clor.” She looked back at Clorette.  “And then afterward, they’re going to have a big marshmallow roast and tell ghost stories right in the middle of the field.”
Clorette’s eyes widened. “Wow!” she cried. “A ghost could pop out from a million places there.”
“Yeah, but out there we’ll also have a million places we can run to,” Sylvia told her.
Dolores sat on the cot. “Don’t worry, my brother will still bring his umbrella for protection.”
They laughed.
Suddenly Counselor Bob stepped into the tent. “Clorette, can I speak to you a minute?” he said, holding the door wide open. A look of concern was on his face.
Alarmed, everybody exchanged glances. “What’s wrong?” Dolores asked.
Clorette shrugged and got up to follow Counselor Bob outside.
Chapter 8
They headed up the pebbled path between the towering redwoods, which seemed to hover above them, waving their leaves in the wind as if in warning of what was to come. Clorette, feeling her heartbeat race, asked the counselor, “Did I do something wrong?”
He laid his hand on her shoulder. “We seem to have a problem,” he told her. “One of the campers got into a little mishap earlier today, and there’s evidence that another camper was in the same area.”
He led her to the main cabin, and Clorette stared at the steps, wondering what they held for her up top. Counselor Bob opened the door to the cafeteria for her.
Sighing, she stepped in and saw Damon, covered with mud and dirt, standing beside the fireplace. A man and a woman were with him. The man was pacing in front of the fireplace. When he saw her walk in, he stopped pacing and placed both hands behind his back.
“This is Clorette,” Counselor Bob told him. “Clorette, this is Damon’s father, Mr. Meek. He has some questions for you.”
Counselor Bob patted Clorette’s shoulder and went to take a seat at the picnic table.
With all the cooks preparing for the barbecue outdoors, the cafeteria felt deserted to Clorette. She studied Damon’s father as he watched her. He was a small man, and his face had a deep-set frown implanted, almost as if he never smiled. His back curved in sort of an arch as if he could not straighten himself to stand upright. His skin looked like layers of tight flesh wrapped around bones.
Clorette glanced at the women sitting beside Damon and holding a tissue to her nose.
“My son tells me that earlier today you were involved in a little plot set against him in the woods. Is this true?”
“Huh?” Clorette asked, raising her eyebrows.
He raised his eyebrows. “Were you with my son in the woods today?” he stated, pausing after each word.
Clorette hesitated. “Only on the campgrounds.”
He moved in on her. “What do you mean by ‘only on the campgrounds’?”
Sensing the hostility in his voice, Clorette took a step back. “He wanted me to go into a neighbor’s backyard.”
Mr. Meek turned to look at Damon. “He told me that you knocked him into a muddy stream and then struck him with your cap.”
“I didn’t knock him into any stream,” Clorette said flatly.
Mr. Meek held the cap in front of her. “Is this your cap?”
Clorette stared at her name Counselor Bib had printed on the brim, which was now stained with mud, and she nodded.
“Do you mind telling me what you think you were doing pushing my son into a muddy stream?”
She pressed the side of her pants, remembering the bulge she felt earlier from the leaves packed with mud that she had had in there. If she had used them on Damon, she would have had more reason to feel guilty now, but she had thrown them away a long time ago.
“I didn’t push anybody.”
Mr. Meek placed his hands on his waist and lowered his eyebrows. “I suppose you’re going to tell me that you aren’t the one responsible for this?” He raised Damon’s arm, which was covered with scratches. Damon had flinched away from his father, as if trying to avoid getting hit.
Clorette cringed, wondering what Damon had told him. She thought of all the times she seriously had wanted to strike him, but it was not possible that he could read her mind, was it?
Mr. Meek lowered Damon’s arm. “Young lady, have you any idea the trouble you have gotten yourself into? How dare you treat my son in this manner!”
“But I didn’t do it! And I didn’t go into anybody’s backyard,” she explained. “I stayed on the campgrounds.”
“Well, then would you mind telling me how this got there?” He waved the cap at her again, his eyes burning right through her.
She stared at Damon. He slumped beside his mother with his lips pressed together and a timid look in his eyes.
Mr. Meek began, “For the last time—”
“I didn’t go into that person’s backyard and I didn’t put those scratches on your son. I don’t care what he says. I didn’t do it!” she interrupted.
Counselor Bob got up and placed his hand on her shoulder. He walked her to the door.
“Wait a minute,” Mr. Meek snapped. “I’m not finished yet.”
“Donald, she already answered your question. What more do you want?” Mrs. Meek said, fanning the air with her tissue.
Mr. Meek turned to her. “You can’t just let people walk all over you, Elaine,” he explained. “You’ll get absolutely nowhere in life acting like a doormat.” He leaned toward her. “I’m teaching this boy to stand up for himself, and if you can’t help, then sit still and be quiet!”
Clorette watched Mrs. Meek look away from her husband. Damon still cowered beside his mother.
Counselor Bob turned back and started to say something when Counselor Bib burst through the door followed by a man in a suit.
“Is that the one?” Counselor Bib asked, pointing at Damon.
The man nodded, saying, “Yes, that’s him.” The man was almost the same size as Counselor Bib. He was tan and his light-blue eyes sparkled like jewels. His thick hair was as silvery-white as the clouds. “Caught him out there twice. Looked like he was trying to influence some other kids to cross into my backyard by throwing a ball one day and a white cap another.”
“Excuse me. We happen to be in the middle of something right now!” Mr. Meek said with one hand extended. “Or do I have to call the sheriff?”
The man pulled something out of his vest pocket and flipped open a badge. “I am the sheriff,” he told Mr. Meek. “And your son has been caught trespassing on private property.”
Counselor Bib twitched his mustache and walked toward the wall beside the fireplace. “Excuse me,” he said and brushed past Mr. Meek as if he did not want to touch him. “Get outta here,” he muttered to Clorette with a slight grin.
Shaking with relief, Clorette gladly slipped out of the lunch room and quickly spied her friends down by the path.
They rushed up to her. “What happened?” Dolores demanded.
Clorette noticed Sylvia watching her with worry in her eyes in case the news was bad. Clorette told them everything.
“You mean the sheriff was watching us?” Tarik said, shocked.
Clorette nodded her head. “I guess so.”
“See, I told you they probably started a neighborhood watch,” Dolores said.
“Well, anyway, it’s over now,” Clorette told them. “I can forget all about Damon.”
She spread her arms wide. It was true and she had never felt so relieved. It was as if a great wind had blown through her insides and cleaned out all the fear and anger, leaving a strong tingling sensation all over.
Both counselors stepped down from the main lodge. Counselor Bib looked at Clorette. “How you doing there, kid?”
Clorette took a deep breath and smiled. “All right, I guess.”
“You’d better be,” he told her and smiled back. “Come on, let’s get you a new cap.”
Three other kids raced up to them. “Where were you guys? The barbecue’s already started,” one said.
“We had a little situation here,” Counselor Bib told him.
A bigger kid looked at them. “He was just scared you wouldn’t be here when they start telling ghost stories tonight,” he explained, glancing at the little kid. 
“I am not scared!”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah, whatever,” Counselor Bib said shouldering him down the path.
Clorette looked up at the early evening sky. The stars had already started coming out. Some were so bright she thought she could reach out and touch them. The crickets chirping below made her ears tingle. She heard birds whistling in the trees and the warm wind brush her skin, sending a tickle between her shoulders.
If she had continued wasting all of her energy concentrating on Damon, she would have missed out on all this and wound up in a very tight spot with Damon’s father if she had tried to get back at him for making her miserable. Maybe Damon’s father was the reason Damon was the way he was. Maybe Damon was fearful of his overbearing father and didn’t know how else to deal with it except by taking it out on others. That was not the best way to keep friends.
Clorette did not feel comfortable being in the same room with Mr. Meek, even for a short while. Imagine living with him all the time. How could Damon handle that? That might have been why he was always starting trouble with other people--he didn’t know how to treat others. But what made his father so angry? Would I have become the same way? She was glad she stopped herself in time.
But was it really deserting my computer and being forced into coming to camp that made me feel so angry? Or was it the guilt Damon tried to make me feel because my father was the cause of us being here? Maybe she did just have too much pent-up energy and needed to figure out the right way to handle it. 
“Nothing wrong with a little fright now and then,” Counselor Bib was explaining to the boy as they continued toward the campfire. “Keeps the blood circulating.” He flexed his thick arm muscles.
“My blood’s circulating,” the kid said, flexing his boney arm. “How’d you think I beat him on the court today?”
The little kid stuck his tongue out at him.
“Hey,” Counselor Bib called out. “Save that tongue for the barbecue.” He looked at the older boy. “This one here, all he thinks about is winning. Enjoy the game, for crying out loud. You might not be here tomorrow.”
“Yeah, that’s true,” the older kid said. “My grandma suddenly died a few years ago and they said it was from too much stress.” He sadly shook his head. “One day she was here, the next, gone.”
Counselor Bib and Counselor Bob looked at each other. “What’re you talking about?” Counselor Bib snapped at the kid. “Where do you get this death stuff from? You go home tomorrow!” He rapped the kid’s cap.
Oh, yeah, Clorette thought solemnly. This was their last day.
She looked over the campgrounds, remembering how she was in such a hurry to rush home the minute she arrived. The towering redwood trees, the rustle of their leaves, and the bushes and shrubs dotting the campgrounds filled her thoughts now.
The beige pebbles scattered in wide rows along sections of the camp—friendly reminders of the places she had visited. Rocks and tall grass lined the edge of the lake, which was fed by the cool, quiet stream trailing through the woods. The butterflies and dragonflies soared past the short waterfall, stopping at flowers and dandelions popping up along the fields. She wondered if she would have time to see them again tomorrow. She also hoped she would get a chance to say goodbye to Counselor Mandis and thank her.
The smell of the wood smoking in the early evening air, blending with the aroma of food cooking on an open fire, caught her attention now. She thought of the warmth of her cot after a full day of fun and felt a good tired feeling come over her, but she was not ready for bed.
She saw by the pool that some of the cooks were covering up the grills with aluminum, pouring charcoal underneath, and unwrapping bowls of food spread out on top of the picnic tables.
“Thanks, sport,” Counselor Bib said to a kid who had just run past and handed him a white cap. Then he pulled out a gold pen, scribbled something on it, walked over, and placed the cap on Clorette’s head. “There you go!”
“Let me see,” the little kid asked, stretching up to read the cap. “To my best player with the most heart.”
Clorette smiled up at Counselor Bib.
“I guess we’re still not having French fries anymore?” the older kid asked, tossing his cap up in the air.
Counselor Bib threw him a nasty look and snatched the cap. “What are you, a wise guy?”
Then the scent of spicy burgers and charcoal began to tickle Clorette’s nose. She watched Counselor Bib’s eyes widen and his nose twitch above his mustache.
“Come on!” he ordered and hurried them all up to the pool.
Clorette guessed that Counselor Bib’s size was not huge by accident.
THE END

