


Charlie the Great White Horse
and the Story of the Magic Jingle Bells




Written by: Kenneth Mullinix


                           Dedicated to: Michael Thomas Mullinix: 2/14/2008




virtuous storylines; that is the basis of
“Americana Literature”












“Charlie the Great White Horse”
Trilogy of Books 
~Book One~

“Charlie the Great White Horse and the story of the Magic Jingle Bells”, is a children’s Christmas story that evokes the adventure, fantasy and magical happy-endings…of a simpler time in America. 

This story is set in the mythical town of Centerville, Indiana in the early 1900’s.

This wonderful Christmas fable is about tried-and-true values, and morals that all children should take to heart. There is a: coming-of-age or our main characters and a strong since of family-values that should be relevant for children 
 (parents and adults)…of all ages.

We hope you enjoy this true magical Christmas tale:  
“Charlie the Great White Horse and the Story of the Magic Jingle Bells”

















~Contents~


Chapter 1 Luis and “The Big Catch”......................................................................3

Chapter 2 Meet Charlie and his Barnyard Friends.........………………………..17

Chapter 3 Meet Mr. Beamer.................................................................................27

Chapter 4 The North Pole.....................................................................................32

Chapter 5 A Hay Ride...........................................................................................45

Chapter 6 The County Fair.…........................................................................…..51

Chapter 7 Jupiter the Show Horse........................................................................54

Chapter 8 Black Jack Tilley.……….....................................................................62

Chapter 9 The Great Horse Race...................................................................…...69

Chapter 10 Thieves in the Night...........................................................................75

Chapter 11 The Caper….......................................................................................84

Chapter 12 The Water Tower....…...........................................................…........87

Chapter 13 A Parade….....................................……………..........….………...100

Chapter 14 Christmas Eve ................................………..………………......….114

Chapter 15 A Sleigh Ride...................................................................................119

Chapter 16 The Magic Jingle Bells……...…….……………………….............127

Epilog………………………………………………………..…………………148

~Book Two~ 
  Preview: A Square Dance…………………………………………………….152




~ Chapter 1~
Louis and “The Big Catch”

    “I have bright red hair and freckles splattered everywhere on my face. 
    I know I am a little small for my age…but I cannot help that. 
    I know I have a tendency to daydream, and not finish my chores as I       
    should, but I am sure gonna be somebody…someday…you just wait and   
    see.
    Man…I’m gonna be famous! 
    I'll be a real town hero...maybe even save the world someday!”

    “Louis is you off daydreaming again,” yelled out Chug “get your head in the      
    game!” 
    “Hey, I’m watching the pitcher...lay off.”
    “Man…oh…man…if you flub up again; were gonna lose the game Louis.”  
    “Alright...already…Chug…don’t be a blabbermouth…I’m paying   
    attention…already?”

    “I know, my mom picks on me too much but it’s just out of her love for me that she does. I just know it. I have a bad habit of not doing my chores on time but it’s, not my fault; I've got a lot of things to do. Being ten years old is hard these days and adults just don’t seem to understand that, and you know what else? I’ve been standing on first base here, for what seems like hours now, waiting for that batter to hit that darned ball. 
    I would much rather be climbing the Great Pyramid of Giza in Egypt right now…or be fighting off a gigantic ancient cave bear in his reeking old den, or crossing the Great Lake on the world’s fastest Cutter Ship; like I have seen in my dreams, so many times before. 
  That’s what I would rather be doing right now instead I'm standing here on first base all day, in this annoying heat. 
  Yeah, that sure would be fun, being famous. No one would be picking on me then. 
  I tell ya, it’s, tough being Robert Louis Parks, you should just try it for a day.”

    “Louis pay attention over there” called out Growlin-Harry from left field.
    “Aren’t you watching the batter Louis? Is it cave bears or ogres...what are you daydreaming about now?” cried out Short-Stack from behind          
home plate. 
    “Yeah, you guys, I’m watching. I’m ready...already” shouted back Louis. 
    “I think…”

     “ST-EE-RI-KE...ONE!” bellowed out the home plate umpire in his booming voice. 
 The voice was so deep and convincing, that no one present in the stands that day would dare to doubt, or second-guess his call. One large, impressive, stubby forefinger shot up into the air with authority, indicating that a strike had just been called. 
  The umpire was an older man of extraordinary girth. He was wearing a large black umpire coat that was well tailored for him, and fit snugly on his squared and very broad shoulders. His neck was extremely thick, and there were large, well-defined muscled biceps, which grew from years of wielding his blacksmithing-tools, down at the town’s local horse-stables. He surely was a site to see behind home plate, and he certainly looked very menacing with his black catcher's mask on. He was beyond anyone's doubt, not a man to be trifled with.  
  Most townsfolk that knew him well, called him “Turk”.
  The umpire, slowly crouched back down behind the small catcher again, as the pitcher was addressing the mound, and getting ready to heave the next pitch. He pulled his baggy pants up a bit, placed his rear foot on the small rubber mat atop of the pitcher's mound, then and spit to his left side.  
  The long slow wind up...the pitch. 
      “ST-EE-RIKE TWO!” yelled out the umpire as he raised his other large stubby forefinger into the air, this time he showed two fingers to the crowd. 
  The batter was a large boy for his size, with a grimacing face that showed of true-grit and determination. He was the leading hitter in the Cornfield league and was about as scary and as imposing as a young boy can be at the tender age of ten. 
  This boy had: extremely large forearms like a professional arm-wrestler might have, had a swollen black-eye from a fist-fight from the game before, and his baseball cap was pulled way down in front of his plump face, to cover his steely dark eyes. What the future held for him was most likely as a bookie, a wise guy, or an inside-man, on a future bank heist. 
   Robert Louis Parks, the first baseman for the home team Centerville Giants, was staring out in the stands, not appearing to be concentrating on the game, as the last few pitches were being thrown. Chug Martin (Louis’s best friend) was way out in right field covering for a possible deep-fly ball. 
   Short-Stack, Louis’s other good friend was the catcher behind the plate today, and was calling a perfect game, for the home team. As each pitch was thrown, and, each strike and ball was called by Turk the home plate umpire the crowd steadily booed the away team-The hated Logansport Tigers.
  The Tigers were the top team in the Cornfield League, with a perfect ten win and zero loss record for the season. Everyone on Louis's team detested this small group of misfits, and especially by Louis because, they all thought they were just unbeatable and had absolutely no sportsmanship whenever they won a game: which they did quite often. Almost everyone doubted the age of most of the Tiger's players. Everyone thinking they were all a lot older than they were, due to the large size of most of the boys on the team. 
  They all had very deep and mature voices which seemed to be out of place for kids of that age, but who would be brave enough to confront them? Certainly not Louis (who was a small boy for his age) or any of his team mates who were not much bigger than he was. The Tigers were a scary and threatening looking bunch of kids if you ever saw one. Some of the boys on the team even had face hair and hairy knuckles-at ten years old! 
  All Louis, Chug, Short-Stack, and the rest of his teammates wanted today, was to beat these pompous brats and show them who was going to be the real champions. After all this was for bragging rights, for the rest of the year. This just had to be the year the home team won the league championship. Could the Centerville Giants finally win the “big game”? After all, they had practiced and practiced all they could, during the long hot summer months together in the large grassy field, out in front of Mr. Beamer’s farmhouse. 
  The game was played in Centerville; Indiana which happenstance had it was right in the center of Indiana. Centerville was a: quaint, quiet little farming town with soft rolling hills, fields of corn that swayed in the warm summer breezes, had pleasant pastures and lush green meadows. The days spent there always had their own special charm: like time stood still there and the world's troubles and tribulations; did not touch or really even affect them. 
  The baseball field was built on the outskirts of Old Man Hicks cornfield and was used only in between growing seasons. The bleachers were really just an old jumbled mash-up of; abandoned farm equipment, large bales of hay, run down tractors, a few wooden carts, a small number of broken down wagons and some old packing crates. An old tattered chalkboard brought over from the Centerville middle school was found nearby, nailed onto Old Man Hick' barn. However, as far as everyone in the stands and participating in the game today was concerned, this game was as big as a game seven in a world series in the big leagues with a world championship to be awarded to the winners. 
  The Centerville Giants were better than they were last year but still not as good as; they had hoped to be this year. They did make it to the championship game, but could they finally win the “big one” that had eluded them all of their young careers? 
  Chug was a solid player, and always could be counted on for a good game and today was to be no different. He was tall and slender for his age, standing almost six foot tall, weighing all of eighty-five pounds with long arms and spidery fingers that almost reached down below his knees. Let’s just say Chug never had a problem putting the groceries away for his mom at home in the upper cabinets of the kitchen, or have trouble removing cats out of the neighborhood tree branches, when they would get stuck. 
  Cats being stuck in trees seemed to happen with great frequency in Centerville. That was probably due to, Mitch-the-Bulldog, who roamed and prowled the neighborhood freely and would terrorize those poor cats whenever he could. Mitch was seldom found to be a good-natured dog, or known to be in a very decent mood...ever. He always looked like he had eaten something awful or rancid every morning for breakfast and the reaction to the unpleasant food was frozen, steadfast upon his face. 
  Now Short-Stack (one of Louis' other teammates who was the catcher) was diminutive and very small in stature (smaller than Louis was) but that was sometimes found to be of his advantage. You see this made him very difficult to strikeout, due to his extremely low ground clearance. His strike zone could not have been wider than two feet at best. Short-Stack had very long scraggly blond hair, which hung down over his beautiful soft gray eyes and down the sides and rear of his baseball cap. The baseball cap was always found to be worn oddly sideways; as only, a kid of his age could get away with. Short-Stack would be any barbers worst nightmare, on any given day. 
  Worse than that, he always smelled of old stinky heat-balm. The particular type of heat-balm that Short-Stack wore had a very succinct smell and was ever lingering, even when he was off the ball field or had just taken a shower. No one ever quite understood or really could comprehend that smell, but everyone always tried to stay a little further away from Short-Stack or else; someday they might end up looking like Mitch-the-Bulldog. 
  The smell was just plain awful.
  Now as for Louis: he was born and raised in Centerville, Indiana on a small humble farm, in a working-class neighborhood. He was always found to have a very polite manner about him and carried himself with a shy type of confidence, which the neighborhood girls all admired profusely. The girls would just smile and giggle amongst themselves, every time Louis rode his bicycle through the neighborhood pass them. The girls would wave to him and Louis would wave back, and that seemed to be just enough attention from Louis to send the girls into a wild flurry. He had very bright, clear, and honest cobalt colored blue eyes that were found to be very disarming and appealing to most people who gazed into them.  
  Now as for all the neighborhood boys and Louis getting along that was different matter altogether. Louis found himself in fistfights every now and again with some of the bully's or larger or meaner boys in school. His bright red hair flashed a neon sign on and off that read:
    “Pick on me!” 
    “I'm right over here!” 
    “Pick on me!” 
  This was also an invitation for most the boys, and even some of the girls at times, to throw a line of jokes toward Louis, at Louis's expense. Louis had heard most of them at least once, some of them twice and one or two of them thrice.
  Louis's bright red hair had its own advantages and disadvantages, depending on the situation at the time. 
  The old women in town just loved him to death, but his friends all teased him to no end. Louis's hair color was so bright red and shiny that (sometimes in the sunshine) it took on a strange florescent orange glow to it. His hair was always found nicely trimmed and well kept, but it forever had a large unruly cowl-lick on the top of his head that would rise and fall, whenever his emotions would get a hold of him. This happened often, but mostly it would happen from him being embarrassed, scared, or angry. He had to wrestle with this cowlick to keep it in place, which at times caused him great consternation and big troubles. 
  Louis was also...extremely freckle-faced. 
  The feckless were large, widely spaced, and found to be the color of a bright red apple. The freckles made Louis’s face look like he had a bad case of the mumps or the measles, and of course these freckles caused daily problems for him all by themselves. 
 Aside from the all the dazzling red freckles and neon red hair color engulfing little Louis; he did own a very handsome and cherubic face that held a wide and very pleasant smile. His teeth were pearly white and found to be set in two perfect rows. When he did smile, it was very disarming and soothing to anybody that saw him smile.
  Louis's clothes were baggy and appeared to be mostly hand-me-downs from some of the older kids in the neighborhood, purchased from a second-hand store or donated to him from the local church. You see his family just did not have that much money or means, to buy Louis any new clothes. 
  Louis was an only-child. 
  He had no brothers or sisters. 
  Nevertheless, that did not bother him because he did come from a very loving and giving family. Louis’s family had roots in Centerville-that went back generations. His family did not have that much money to purchase many of the material things that life had to offer, but they were never lacking for the necessities of life. Most importantly, they never lacked in the things that mattered the most, the things that money just could not buy: a strong family-bond, a caring and loving mother, a strong feeling of belonging to a community, and living in a respectable neighborhood. 
  Little Louis never seemed to mind (too much) or to be bothered about being a disadvantaged boy because he was always comfortable, within himself and with who he was. He would always help the family out whenever and however he could, when it came to these things. If this meant wearing older clothes and or never having a new bike; then so be it. 
  Louis did have some troubles doing his household chores in a timely manner though, but most boys his age suffered from this very same problem. You see, Louis had a dire and ongoing habit of constantly daydreaming wherever he went, or where ever he was. It just drove his mother Hattie May, Mr. and Mrs. Beamer and most of his friends just plain crazy at times. Louis was always off somewhere in his own world, which no one else was allowed to enter except himself.
                                           
  Now as the ballgame continued on this day and as each additional strike or ball was called out by Turk Louis again appeared to be far away, daydreaming, or gazing off, somewhere that he should not be. In Louis’s exceptional mind one moment, he was at first base playing for a major league baseball team. Then in the next moment, he was riding in the caboose of a great freight train wearing a pair of gray-stripped engineer pants, a blue engineer cap on backwards and steaming down the open railroad tracks barely visible because he was engulfed from head to toe, in steam from the train's large belching engines.   
  Louis in his mind could be on a mighty safari in Africa hunting dangerous wild lions one day, or another day, he could be transformed into a lonesome cowboy, riding on the open range in the Wild West, on a cattle drive. On the other hand, in another daydream he could find himself in Egypt drifting down the ancient Nile River in a Papyrus boat that was built by the ancient Pharos. The world that belonged to Louis was a wonderful one, which he found such delight in, each day.

  It was now the bottom of the ninth-inning with the other team at bat. The score was even at two runs to two with the bases loaded, and the speedy Claxton Hermes on at third base. He was the fastest runner for his age in the county and had won many foot races over the years, with some of the older boys in their school. It could not be a worse situation for Louis, Chug, Short-Stack, and the rest of his teammates. There was a very imposing and ominous batter hovering over home-plate, and a speed-demon of a runner on a third base, just waiting to make a mad-dash for home; to seal the victory for the detested Tigers. 
  The batter had taken three balls and two strikes. The crowd was now on its feet and everyone was anticipating the next pitch, when all manner of confusion broke loose. 
  The throw!
  It was a hard thrown fastball right down the middle of home plate. When the bat came around and connected with the ball there was this loud, “Thwa-aa-wack!” that made anyone who was sitting in the stands that day, stand up on their feet and jostle over and around each other to get a better view of the now unfolding play. 
  The volume of the crowd grew to an ear-splitting level, as the play developed in front of them. For everyone in the stands, and especially for the player's on the field this would surely be one play that they would all absolutely remember for the rest of their young lives.
  The sizzling fastball came screaming across home plate. It connected forcefully off the heart of the bat, as it came around in front of home plate. This sent the ball heading awkwardly out toward Louis's position at first base. Louis could tell the dizzying fly ball was going to go over his head, so he immediately: pivoted his left foot in the dirt, jumped backwards and started to sprint out to right field, towards the right field foul-line. The ball sort of changed directions as it was flying by, and was now coming in kind of clumsy and curving away from Louis, to the right side of the out-of-bounds fence. 
  Chug the right fielder also had a great jump on the ball. 
  He and Louis were both heading for the same spot on the field, just as fast as they both could run. The crowd roared in anticipation of seeing “the play” of the day developing, right before their eyes. As the ball passed overhead, Louis made a Herculean jump by the low right field fence nearby...he seemed to be suspended in mid-air...and appeared to travel...in slow-motion...as the play proceed forward. 
  Louis soared right past Chug who was diving for the ball as well, hitting him on the left shoulder, spinning him around backwards, and cutting him right out of the play. Louis was in fair territory when the ball hit him with a mighty force off the glove in his left hand, falling just short of the pocket. The ball sailed up into the air again a few feet, came back down with a crazy spin on it, bounced off the top of his baseball cap bouncing foul, out into the stands. 
  Chug and Louis both wound up in the dirt in a tangled mess at the right side foul line, and were oblivious to what had just transpired until the clouds of dust had dispersed, and everything became clear again.
  In one wild frenzied moment, when the dust and dirt had cleared the play, it was clear to all...that all was lost. A ground-rule double was called by the right field line-judge, due to interference from Louis and his now lumpy head. 
  Louis had flubbed up again! 
  Why did he not just let the ball go foul (which it most likely would have done) instead of trying to be the hero again? How could he have been so ambitious to think he could make “that play”...then knocking Chug right out of...“the play” ..., which, was his to make in the first place? 
  The game had now been lost, and Louis was to blame! 
  Another disaster for poor Louis!
  Man oh man what a mess, thought Louis as he started to scratch his head and try to figure out what had just happened.
  The feared Logansport Tigers had won another Cornfield League title and all the glory that goes with it for another year. Everyone in the stands: raced onto the ball field in a wild frenzy, to get closer to the wining players, while Louis and the rest of his teammates gathered in the outfield, to think over what just had happened. They then started to slink and slump their way out of the back of the ballpark in utter bewilderment, only pausing for a moment or two, looking backwards at the celebration going on, on the field. Each could only dream about what might have been if only they had won the game. All of Louis's teammates were wondering at the dismal reality, of another season lost, and especially having lost to those hated, Tigers again this year.
  Louis thought it was bad enough going through life with bright red hair, a cowl-lick, and freckles, now this. 
  How could Louis ever explain this one away? 
  Last year, he was the reason his team had: lost the horseshoe city championships, he was the reason they had lost the boxcar races at the county fair that same year, and the year before that he came in last with Short-Stack in the three-legged race, at the county fair. He tried to explain that loss away and blame it on Short-Stack for being too short, but no one really believed him. 
 The game today was over and lost because Louis “had done it again”. 
  He had been loafing off and daydreaming out at first base “as always” and had not been ready, when the play-of-the- day, was his to make. He made the best play he could, but he always seemed to be a step behind or just not ready, to make the plays when he should. Louis just cannot concentrate like everyone else because his wild imagination and daydreaming would always send him off, to far-away places and long-ago times. 
  As the loosing team wandered off the field to the sounds of boos from the home fans, Chug bent down and started to rant and rave into Louis’s right ear about how Louis appeared to be daydreaming right before the ball was hit. 
  Louis tried to ignore Chug as he started to rub the large knot now found on the top of his aching head.
    “Boy Louis, it must be tough to be you sometimes. I was almost sure I saw you looking out in the right field stands, and staring off into space right before that last pitch was thrown. 
    “Nah, I was watching. Why-ya being so mean to me? Really I was paying attention Chug...sometimes I see things, visions, you don't understand...”
    “Visions...yeah right...you know Louis you lost the championship and the game for us all in one play? How about saying something like, I’m sorry. “No apologies, nothing to say?” cried out Short-Stack.
    “Come on Louis, this just keeps happening and happening over and over. You’re always distracted and we losing more games, and this time it were the league championship,” barked out Growlin Harry.
  Louis just shrugged his shoulders and stared at the ground upon hearing all of his friends, disappointment loudly ringing in his ears.
  Everyone walked along together out of the ballpark. Louis closed his eyes for a moment, tensed his face up in pain, and then just seemed to let it all roll right off his back. He did the best he could do at the ballpark today and he knew it. 
  It is true that he did not concentrate fully the way he should have at times during the game, and was staring out into the stands before that last ball was hit, but he sure gave a lot of effort to make, that “big catch”. 
  There were no excuses today but he would surely get it right next time. 
  He would have: other plays to make (at other games) and would have other chances to prove himself in life, as he grew older and he sure knew that someday, he would be the hero in his dreams (as he had dreamed of) so many times before. Louis knew things would happen to him in life that would be more significant and bigger than making that catch, on that particular day, on that particular field. 
  Someday he would show them! 
  Little did he know how soon that would be? 
  
   Most of Louis’s friends; Chug, Short-Stack, Sammy, Janie Parker, Mildred Waters, and Growlin-Harry Jaxson all went off together after the game, trying not wallow in their misery. As for Growlin-Harry, no one knew why he growled all the time, but most people thought it was because he had holes in the bottom his shoes and the soles of his bare feet dragged on the ground all day, as he walked around. 
  You see Harry came from a family that was not very well off money-wise and was a lot like Louis's in that way. That's one reason why Harry and Louis became such good friends over the years. Even with Harry's constant growling everyone still liked him anyway, because he was just a kind boy, with a big heart. 
    Just because your family does not have a lot of money or material wealth does not make you, any less of a person and that is the way Harry, and especially Louis approached it. You cannot change some things in life, and this was just one of those things. You have to learn to accept the hand you are dealt with which can sometimes be hard to deal with, at such a gentle age. 
  There will be plenty of time to change these things when you get older if that is what is important to you. However, there was nothing, Louis or Harry could do about it now. The best thing to do in this situation would be to just: enjoy all the wonders of your childhood years and keep your dreams intact, to act on when you get older and are mature enough, to make your own decisions for yourself. 
  Other friends of Louis's: Mildred Waters, Janie Parker and Tessie Whitman (whose dad owned the Five and Dime downtown) and Hot-Tamale Molly (another neighborhood girl), who always dressed much older than her age and wore excessively much makeup. 
  Molly Jenkins had lovely almond colored hair, dark green eyes, and a delightful pale skin tone. She always wore brilliant red finger nail polish and a little too much make-up, which looked very out of place-for a girl of her age. She also wore bright red lipstick wherever she went and whenever she could, which was a bit usual for a girl of ten years old; but her mom never seemed to mind and neither did she. 
  Molly would borrow the makeup and lipstick from her mother's vanity case or purse when she wasn't looking (as most girls around her age are known to do) but Molly would just spatter it everywhere. Her lips were always a lustrous color of red, like the color found on a hot-tamale or a red pepper. That is how her friends came up with the nickname of “Hot-Tamale Molly”. 
  She was just a beautiful girl under all that makeup but it was somewhat sad because she couldn't find any real beauty within herself, whenever she looked in the mirror.
  Molly had a real crush on Louis and she endlessly chased Louis around trying to kiss him on the cheek with those big red lips. Louis just hated that and every one of his friends, would tease him to no end about Molly. 
    “Hi Louis, do you like my new color of lip stick, that I’m wearing today?” she would ask Louis when she would see him riding his bike down the street with Chug or one of his other friends. 
    “That looks great Molly. Keep up the good work you, Hot-Tamale…you!”
    “Is she yapping at you again Louis?” asked Chug.
    “Yeah, but it’s alright...”
    “How can you stand her with those big red lips trying to get you every day Louis?” replied Chug. 
    “Awe, she doesn’t mean any harm, and she really is a nice girl you know. I would hang out with her more if she would just take off those big red lips”, said Louis while he acted as if he was wiping Molly's lipstick of his face. 
    “You know Chug? Molly is very cute. Have you ever seen her without all that makeup on?” asked Louis. 
    “Nope, never seen it and never want to” said Chug as he made another kissing sound just to irritate Louis. 
    “Well, I still like her anyway Chug. She ain't so bad and besides, she's kind of fun to be around.”


  After finally completely passing out of the ballpark back gates and down into the nearby cornfields, all of Louis's friends starting giving Louis the once-over once again, about that missed catch and how he had lost the game for them. 
    “Can’t you just make the right play, once in your life?” asked Molly while putting on more red lipstick. 
    “Don’t sign up next year for the team,” said Mildred with distaste heard in her voice. 
    “Yeah, we can’t go through this again Louis,” said Tessie.
  Louis just stared off into space. 
  Harry growled out something unclear and indiscernible and under-breath in Louis's direction, as he shuffled along with them; but no one paid much attention to him anyway, because he was so strange. 
  He just growled all the time.
  All of his friends really loved Louis deep inside, but it sure was fun to rib him and watch his feisty red cowl-lick, stand up at the back of his head, as Louis got madder and madder. Louis just could not control that darned thing, for the life of him. He tried: hair-wax, cutting his hair shorter and letting his hair grow out longer, tried hair-creams, jells, and finally just gave up due to fatigue and anguish over the whole thing. 
  After finally realizing that everyone was laughing at his lively cowl-lick again as they walked along. Louis tussled with it for a moment and then finally out of frustration just gave up placing his baseball cap over his head, to cover his every growing appendage at the top of his head.
  As they walked back home after the game, passing down along: the railroad tracks (which Louis was daydreaming about earlier), past the old water tower at the Centerville Train-Depot, through the cornfields, and down by the local swimming hole, all Louis could do was daydream about what might be around the next corner. 
  By the railroad tracks, he found himself on that ole steam train again. Wild Indians were chasing the train, yelling and hollering (as only Indians can do) and they were shooting flaming arrows right at him. At the Centerville rock quarry/swimming-hole, he thought he saw a pirate ship flying a menacing skull-and-cross-bones flag that spelled out the words-The Red Ghost. The flag fluttered triumphantly in the wind, on the top of the largest mast of the ship. 
  Later on while Louis was passing a large cornfield on his left, he imagined himself riding on the most earth-shattering tractor ever made, plowing great rows of corn on his own farm. 
  Louis used his imagination most of all when things were not going so well for him, or when his mother would chide him for not getting his chores done on time. He would just close his eyes for a moment and drift off into another world, at the change of the wind. It just rather made the day a little more enjoyable and pleasing to live in when: pirates, cave-bears, steam trains, tractors, and Indians coexisted in the day with him. 
  Each of Louis’s friends made their way home at the end of the day to their own farms and homes none really feeling, all the worse for what had transpired, earlier in the day at the ballpark. 
  As the faint orange October sun was starting to wane in the western sky, Louis and his friends were all delighted to be back home with their families, and to have a warm comfortable fire, to take off the late fall chill.
  A cool air had settled over the Centerville valley in the last few weeks and nothing was more comforting to the soul than a cozy fire in the hearth. There was a sweet smell of burning pine, cedar wood, birch and home cooking that filled the air over the quite valley. A hot inviting meal awaited each child as each entered through the front doors of their homes at the end of the day. There were boiled and mashed sweet potatoes, fresh-baked cornbread, buttered green beans, hot apple pies, and sizzling beefsteaks. 
  All and all, everyone of Louis’s friends, were gratified and content that it was all behind them, that the day was over and they could finally get home to their families but Louis. 
  He needed to go visit his best friend in the whole wide world “Charlie” who lived down in Mr. Beamer’s barn, to tell him all about everything that had taken place that day: in the ballpark, at the swimming-hole, by the cornfields, down at the train tracks and over by the train station.
  As Louis bounded through the front wooden gates to his family's farm, Muncy his golden retriever and best pal came running up the walkway with the widest of grins on his face. His tongue was flopping back-and-forth, tail-wagging to-and-fro and he was looking to lick Louis to death. All four of Muncy's paws barely touched the earthen pathway as he feverishly ran towards Louis. You could be gone five minutes, but to Muncy it was an eternity. Licks showered Louis. More kisses, more licks and more hugs. Ears were flopping, tail wagging and lots of drooling by Muncy. 
  This made Louis feel considerably better after such a long, hot day. 
  Louis crouched down and gave Muncy a big warm hug. It was all worth it to Muncy, waiting all day for Louis to come home just for that one hug. 
  Louis’s mom Hattie May Parks, who saw Louis coming up the walkway called out for him to go see Mrs. Beamer the next-door neighbor, about some chores he forgot to do earlier in the day. 
    “Mrs. Beamer has been looking for you Louis, and Louis oh my gosh just look at that knot on your head. What happened?”
    “Oh I’m OK mom. I got beaned on the head chase a catch, but I’ll be just fine.”
    “Well maybe we should call Doc Wellman and have him take a look.”
    “Nah...I’m alright...,” said Louis as he rubbed his head once more.
    “Oh Louis, if you say so...well then where were we? Oh it seems you forgot to do some chores for Mrs. Beamer this morning,” exclaimed Hattie May in a chiding tone. 
    “Yeah, I know mom. I forgot to do em, alright.”
  Hattie May was a slightly older distinguished woman who was always seen in public (no matter what befell her) dressed to a tee. She sewed most of her own clothes on an old sewing machine, that her mother had given her when she was a child. These garments showed some wear-and-tear, but were still in excellent condition and fit her almost as perfectly, as they had fit her mother, when she was about the same age. Hattie May had excellent taste in clothing with every garment she created or in every outfit she wore; be it new or used.
  She subscribed to all the fashion books that she could afford and would pour over them endlessly, over candlelight, deep into the night. 
  Today she was found well dressed in a blue house-frock with small white speckles laced into the fabric. She had a white apron tied around her slim waist with a large bow in the back that was crafted from the finest cotton from Atlanta. The red bow was a gift she had received from Mr. Beamer one year for Christmas, and she treasured it always. 
  Hattie May had on an exceptional clean starched white shirt under the frock, that was ruffled in the front and fit her, as if was made by a professional tailor. On her well-manicured feet, she wore small black, flat-soled shoes that were made for comfort not style. You see she was just an old country-girl from Indiana, who knew who she was and accepted that position in life. She was happy within herself and that came from wisdom, confidence, and old age. 
  With her, it was nothing fancy; she was comfortable with being herself. 
  Her hair was a dull whitish color that gave away her advancing age. It was swept up in a loose bun, pulled to the rear of her head, and kept in place, by the loveliest of hairpins from London. Her mother had given her the pin as a small child, just as her grandmother had given it to her. 
  Louis upon hearing his mom call out to him again through the open kitchen window, proceeded down the path (off in the other direction) towards Mrs. Beamer’s farmhouse, that was next door to his mother's house. All the while Muncy was right at Louis’s feet, in case he might want to play.
  Mrs. Beamer was in her kitchen baking some apple pies, for the school PTA and looked up when she saw Louis coming upon the back porch. In a friendly, free-flowing voice, she spoke through her front kitchen window to Louis. 
    “Louis when are going to make time to remove that old ragweed from my lovely rose garden and plant those tomatoes seeds in the vegetable patch by the barn, as you promised me last week? You promised me you would do it…Louis. Do you hear me Louis...?” 
    “I just didn’t have time this week Mrs. Beamer. Tomorrow or the next day will work better. I promise really! I got busy at the ballpark and over by the swimming-hole today. You see there were two great big pirate ships at the swimming-hole. One of ships started to sink, after being rammed by the other one. You should have seen em Mrs. Beamer. I have to go see Charlie right now before it gets too dark. I just have to see him Mrs. Beamer. I miss Charlie a great deal and I haven't seen him all day. My mom told to say hi and let you know I will do all of those chores later. I promise I will.”
    “Louis I sincerely doubt there were two pirate ships at the old swimming-hole, but if you said you saw them then they must have been there”, said Mrs. Beamer with a friendly grin on her face and a twinkle in her eye. 
    “All right Louis tomorrow. Can you do it tomorrow Louis? Please don’t forget this time?”
  Mrs. Beamer stopped what she was doing to look out the window to see if Louis had heard a thing she said, before Louis was off again and well out of sight. As Louis turned and went back up the front walkway towards his mom's house Hattie, May called out to him again from the side of the house, where she was now hanging the day's laundry out to dry. 
    “Louie did you mend that rear fence, where you knocked out those two pickets this morning, and are you going to feed the chickens this evening? They’ve got to be hungry by now!” 
    “Mom, I gotta go down to Mr. Beamer’s barn and talk with Charlie, if that's OK with you? Come on mom. I have to tell Charlie about everything that happened today. 
    “Ok Louis, go ahead on to Mr. Beamer’s barn.”
   “Man, she's worse than Mrs. Beamer. All I seem to do is chores for everyone”, said Louis under his breath.
    “But don't be late for dinner tonight. I fixed some more of those mashed potatoes and hot buttered corn-on-the-cob that you like so much. And I'm calling Doc Wellman to look at that knot on your head Louis...Louis!” shouted out Hattie May who appeared to be exasperated at Louis’s lack of comprehending, the importance of what she was saying about getting, his chores done on time and before it gets too dark. 
    “Every day it's the same thing with that boy”, she muttered as Louis skipped off the back porch, heading off, down to Mr. Beamer's barn. 
  Again, today Louis had not done his chores as he was supposed to. 
    “Again as long as you promise to do all your chores by the end of the day…” Hattie May echoed again as Louis quickly scurried down the hill and out of sight. 
    “Man I wish I would have caught that ball at the game today. What was I thinking!” said Louis (once again), as he hung his head down now and started slumping over in despair and deep in thought. 
  Louis paused for a moment on the path, took a deep breath, leaned down, and reached out with his arms, giving Muncy a long warm hug; reassuring his best friend, that everything would be all right and that he was really just fine. Muncy did not believe him no matter how hard Louis tried to convince him otherwise. Muncy's eyes gave Louis a warm smile, to try to reassure him, in his own loving way. 
  Louis walked along a little further on down the pathway to Mr. Beamer barn then looked up toward the softening sunlight and darkening skies. He ambled over to a large rock, slowly sat down to give a willing Muncy another, big warm hug. 
  Louis looked out over the valley below and started to reflect on the day just as he has done so many times before. When the moment was just right and the entire world seemed perfectly still, Louis took another deep breath and began to sing a very heartfelt, slow sentimental song. Louis had learned this melody for days just like this, which he seemed to be having often lately.  
  Louis had a wonderful voice and the notes seemed to just float out above the rolling valleys and drift out overhead, into the orange and yellow clouds that hung in the Centerville sky.
  Singing of certain songs always makes you feel better (when you are down on your luck) and the singing of this song, was no exception. After some soul searching and after taking a moment to enjoy the last of the waning warm sunlight, Louis felt like a heavy weight had been lifted off his burdensome heart. 
  He surely did envy Muncy and the wonderful life he had. There were no “big catches”, for him to make, and no household chores that needed to be finished every day. All Muncy had to do: was be himself, enjoy the day, and have fun. 
  After another long quite moment, Louis and Muncy were off again down the path, until them, both finally arrived at Mr. Beamer’s barn and the large two front wooden doors. 
  As Louis came upon the closed barn doors, they always seemed to be so extremely large and very ominous to him. The closed doors were latched with an enormous brass bolt that was held in place, by two mammoth screws. This kept all of the farm animals in the barn at night and all the wild animals out. The thick, broad brass bolt always gave Louis trouble unlatching it, because he was so small and the bolt was so very heavy, but he always knew that what lay behind the two large front doors, was well worth the effort to see because, this is where his other best friend in the world lived, “Charlie the Barnyard Horse”. 
  Louis knew one thing for sure. 
  Charlie would really cheer him up...after...such sorrowful day. 












~Chapter 2~ 
Meet Charlie and his Barnyard Friends 

  The Beamers, R Hanging K ranch was a wonderland to Louis. Especially the barn, where all the barnyard animals: lived, worked, and played.
  The most nervous (because Thanksgiving was coming soon) and well-liked animal in Mr. Beamer’s barn of course was Mr. Turkey. 
  Mr. Turkey was a: handsome, plump, all white turkey with a bright red plume of feathers around his neck, and at the crown on top of his head. He was a full-bodied bird which: worked against him most of the time and did he sure look delicious (attractive). 
  Mr. Turkey lived most of his life: in solitude, and completely alone, because he simply could not truly trust anybody or anything. Mr. Turkey had no real reason to be alone and lonely all the time, because he was invited to many social functions like Christmas and Easter dinners, birthday and graduation parties. He always wanted to be invited to the party, to help bolster a bland get together, with his magic tricks and stunning personality. He sure did not want to be invited to the party, “so that he would be dinner”…for the guests. Most of the time though Mr. Turkey just used his magic tricks to disappear, around dinnertime and holidays. 
  Parties and get-togethers always made Mr. Turkey very nervous.    
  Another animal in the barn was Rochester: a very impressive large black and red roster that was so very proud of himself. Every time he would look in the mirror, he envisioned himself a peacock with a magnificent plume of feathers. He would stand there for hours, just admiring himself and he had every reason to, because all the hens in the barn thought as much of him, as he did of himself. 
  He was a real delight to behold.
  There was the Henderson family of chickens and of course, the ever-proud Arty the Pig. Arty was the fattest pig you ever saw, with a large turned-up snout, large front crocked teeth, fat pudgy feet, and a mean temper to him; that would make even Mitch the Bulldog pale in comparison. Everyone made sure they stayed way away from Arty, anytime he and his extended family, entered or left the barn or they would surely get run over by his brood and end up a muddy, wet and utterly disgusting mess. 
  There was also Miss Harriet the old milking-cow who seldom left the barn and resided in the very back by the horse’s watering trough. She mostly kept all the little ones in the barn in order and gave milk as needed, whenever they were hungry. Miss Harriet never complained or desired for much anymore. She had lived a full life and was just content to stay in her little area of the barn and watch the entire goings-on, as most old cows are known to do. She had been around forever but she still was a hard working girl, and never ran dry of milk especially, when it was needed the most. 
  Then there was, “Charlie the Horse”. 

  He was a good-natured and friendly horse, who stood about seventeen-hands high. That would be considered extremely big for most horses but not so for Charlie, or his family members. 
  Charlie had a very famous uncle indeed; Colton the Brave who was about twenty-hands tall, and was the most well-known, of all of Charlie's ancestors. 
  He once lead Hannibal's army out of the great Alps and Pyrenees mountains, in Northern Italy in a driving snow storm…that lasted almost three months. When the traveling party was all but lost-and had lost their courage-Colton found the way back out of the mountains. Moreover, he alone chased off a pack of wild wolves and a few ferocious bears, at least a dozen times or more though out the long, dangerous journey. 
Another one of Charlie's legendary family members on his mother's side was famous as well, Benedetti the Good. He was a trusted friend of the celebrated Marco Polo, his father Niccole' and his uncle Maffeo.
  When Marco Polo had traveled greater China, around the year of, thirteen-twenty-two AD Benedetto the Good lead, Marco Polo through all the new and undiscovered trading routes, and never was lost, or lost his nerve during any of their travels. 
  Finally, there was Bocephales the Mighty, A Sergeant-Major in Alexander the Greats army, who crossed Rome throughout his life, helping to lead Alexander's armies throughout many, ambitious and daring adventures.
  Charlie came from a very brave and famous family indeed! 
  At least that is the way, Mr. Beamer would tell the stories about Charlie. Mr. Beamer knows all about famous horse’s and wild animals, dangerous or supernatural beasts; and such things, that have roamed the earth today, and in the past. You see Mr. Beamer traveled the world over when he was stronger, braver and had the yearning to do so. 
  The stories about Charlie's family were found in old scriptures, written on stonewalls in ancient caves, told about in lore, or sung in festive songs from one end of the world, to the other. That is how Mr. Beamer said he had learned about, all the stories of Charlie's family.
  You see Charlie just knew “one day” that he would be as famous as his relatives, who had lived before him! 
  Charlie was an older horse now and just could not remember very much about his past or much about, when he was a small pony. His memories would fade in-and-out as most-older horses and people-are known to do. He just did not know when his time to be famous would come, or how the story of his life would be written into history. 
  Most of Charlie's duties today were to deliver the ice in Centerville with his ice-wagon, to the town's folk, during the hot summertime. 
  That was mostly all he did, and what he was asked to do. 
  It was a simple calling that Charlie had and he did the best job he could for Mr. Beamer. He lived a life more or less filled with simplicity and a call for duty.
  Charlie was really just a service-horse or a common-carthorse. However, to be well known and to be somebody famous…oh man…someday…thought Charlie.    
  It was in his family tree and part of his bloodline-he just knew it. 
  Charlie just seemed to not have had any great callings yet. 
  He did keep himself busy most of the rest of the year, by performing odd jobs, by plowing cornfields, helping when there would be either a barn raising, or hauling all of the heavy-supplies from town, back to the farm for Mr. Beamer or Hattie May. 
  He was always happy and content in his work and did sometimes enjoy showing off his great strength. The ice-wagon when it was full, weighed well over two-thousand pounds. When he passed by all the townsfolk seeing, Charlie pulling a wagon with such a great weight, would just stand there, and admire him, his strength, and his undeniable determination in his work. 
  Charlie just loved all the kids in town and they sure love him. They would greet him with joyous hellos and waives of the hands, wherever he went. The children would crawl up on his slight sway back by using of his long flowing tail. That was really the only way to get up on his back, because he was so tall. 
  He never minded (much) them pulling his mane of hair or his ears (which they did constantly) because they were all his friends deep down inside. 
  It was all good-natured fun to him. 
  Being tall also meant he was a little clumsy because, his feet were so enormous and his legs were so long. He wore a size-four horseshoe! His hooves were so big that the town's Farrier had a heck of a time making horseshoes to fit him. And when he trotted down the stone and red brick pathways in town everyone could hear him coming, from blocks away. 
  The clippity-clappity sounds of Charlie horseshoes hitting the ground was most melodic and delightful, to those who would take the time to listen for it. He also, wore a large brimmed, straw floppy hat during the summertime, to keep the sun off his face and the nagging flies away from his eyes. 
  Mr. Beamer had cut two large holes in the sides of the straw hat so Charlie's large ears would fit through comfortably. The hat was light green, which matched his large friendly green eyes, and Charlie would sometimes wear a large eagle feather in his hat, that he had found one day, while out working in the fields. 
  When he would wear that feather, this particularly would make him feel fanciful and proud, when he was out and about town. 
  His ears had quite a bit of horsehair in them, but Charlie liked it this way. He did not let Mr. Beamer trim his hair there because, the summer-flies would try to land in them and this would drive old Charlie just plumb crazy.     
  Sometimes people would see Charlie and ask him if he was unhappy-because of the look on his face-but Charlie would only be found unhappy, when the flies would bother him, or when he had no work to do. Most animals have to have work in their daily lives to stay happy and Charlie was no different. 
  Charlie was getting on to be about eighteen years old-from which he could remember-which, is old for most horses but Charlie was still so very strong in mind and spirit. His shoulders could move a mountain if he had to, and his neck was powerful and true. His beautiful flowing white tail was hard to miss and Charlie considered it, his best feature. All he had to do was flip and fling it out in different directions, and it would be a spectacle to witness. It made Charlie kind of have the same feeling that a handsome peacock, or Rodchester the Red Roster must have, when opening its plume of feathers for the world to see. 
  Charlie had a little bit of a swayback because he had lived a life full of toil, from laboring in the fields and from pulling so many heavy loads of ice, in his ice-cart though out the years. Nevertheless, even with a swayback Charlie was still, very handsome especially to the mares who just loved him to no end. 
  His color was a beautiful chestnut brown, with white highlights that matched the color of his tail, and his body hair was long, and straight and shown bright in the warm autumn sun. His teeth were a little bucked, but he made up for it with a beautiful smile, that was so disarming even the other horses in town, were a little jealous of him and they mostly all had, perfectly white straight teeth. 


  Louis after finally undoing the puzzle (that was the large front door latch) swung open the barn doors and bounded in. 
    “Hey-ya...Charlie! How-ya...doing!” called out Louis as he grabbed his long tail, swung himself up in the air, landing squarely on Charlie's wide back. He then gave Charlie a big hug around his neck. 
  It was the kind of hug, only a young boy could have for his best friend. 
     “Louis! How are you my good friend?” replied Charlie, in his charming and very enchanting way. 
    “I’m just great Charlie!”
    “How many wonderful adventures did you have today…like you do…almost every day? Did you slay any dragons, trolls, or ogres?”
    “Charlie, there were no: ogres, trolls or dragon-slayings today; but I made the “biggest catch” of the year, down at the ballpark, saw two pirate's ships in the swimming-hole, fought off wild Indians at the train tracks, and road on top of a giant tractor...on my own farm!”, exclaimed Louis with excitement in his voice.
    “Wow Louis.”
    “Man…oh man…Charlie what a day!”  
    “Well Luis you’re right, that was quite a day”, said Charlie in utter amazement. 
    Charlie continued on, “You’d better climb down off of my back, sit down on that bale of hay over there, have a rest, and tell me all about it. You have to be exhausted after a day like that.”
    “You’re right Charlie, I’m a little tired, but I sure am glad, to see you” said Louis with some reserve and a slight hesitation now showing in his voice. 
    “Oh, Louis, you're not fibbing again? Are you?”
    “No fibbing Charlie...”
    “Tell me the truth Louis. I feel something is not just right with you today. Is there something a little deeper, down inside of you that’s bothering you, than what you're telling me?” 
  Charlie being an animal had an inner-awareness about these things, especially when matters were not right with someone. This was one of those times and there was no doubt in his mind, as Louis continued. 
    “Well, now that you brought it up, and in the past you always told me, to do the right thing. I guess I should…should… er…should, tell you the truth” said Louis as he stumbled in his speech and tried to muster up all the courage he could.
  Louis hung his head a bit lower and began to speak again. 
    “OK, Charlie I did not: fight off any Indians, or conduct a steam-train around the tracks or see any pirates or pirate ships at the old swimming-hole. And there was no ride on my own tractor, and most of all…I did not make the biggest catch of the year, at the ballpark today. There could have been pirates and Indians but I was just not sure.” 
  Charlie with a bending, sympathetic ear leaned towards Louis and said, “...and go…on...” 
    “Well…well…ah…Charlie you see,” said Louis stuttering once again. 
    “Yes...” 
    “I flubbed… ah…flubbed up again Charlie.” 
    “Not again Louis.”    
    “Yes, I flubbed once more…and…I mean, big time...this time!
    “Louis!”
    “You see I lost the “big game” over at the ballpark by not paying attention, and by daydreaming out at first base again. I let all my friends, my teammates and my family down” said Louis with a big sigh. 
  Louis began, shaking his head gently from side to side. 
    “When am I ever going to be responsible and take care of things that need to be taken care of?” asked Louis of himself so none of the other animals in the barn could hear, except Charlie. 
    “Plus I didn't do my chores today, the way I should have. And my mom and Mrs. Beamer were disappointed in me for not helping as I said I would around the farm. I forgot to: repair the broken picket fences, feed the chickens, or pull out any weeds out of the rose garden.” 
    “Louis you know better than that. How many times have I told you in the past: to do your chores every day, pay attention and stop daydreaming all the time? Now what about that “big game” and that flubbed catch. Louis, you can make that catch and win the “big game”. If you believe in yourself!” said Charlie as he raised his voice, to command Louis's full attention. 
  Upon hearing Charlie raise his voice, Louis: straightened right up, lifted his head higher, turned his baseball cap around backwards, placed a piece of hay in his mouth sideways, tucked his shirt into his oversized baggy overalls and began to listen in earnest, to all that Charlie was about to say. 
    “If you think you’re going to stumble, then your-assured-you’re-going-to-fumble,” said Charlie in a musical and pleasant tone, as all the animals in the barn started to gather around.

  Charlie strayed into the center of the barn: raised his head up high, stood up straight, raised his tail up in the air, tapped his front hooves a few times to catch his rhythm, then broke into a delightful song.    
  After watching Charlie, sing and prance around the barn, Louis and Muncy finally joined in the festivities and started to dance and sing as well, for what seemed like hours. When it was all over and the song came to a joyous ending, Louis felt much better, with his spirits enlivened. 
  All the animals in the barn had been dancing and singing with Charlie as he belted out his song in that deep melodic voice of his. 
  Nothing, takes your cares away better than singing a few songs and dancing with all your friends. 
  Muncy was so excited, he was trying to lick anyone that was not dancing or singing at the time. Muncy more than anyone, liked to join in and be a part of things because that is what dogs are known to do best. Golden retrievers are by nature, so loving and caring, and have no problems showing their emotions whether they are happy or sad. They can pick up on the slightest emotion given off by anyone in a room, and will go over and sit in their lap, or rub up against them (in a loving way) if they let em. 
  Dogs have a natural way of comforting you-when you're down, and taking your troubles away. Muncy was especially good at this, and he sometimes had a full time job, comforting Louis.
    “Thanks Charlie for the song and dance! You should be in show business…did you know that? You’re...sooo…good. 
    “Why thanks Louis and anytime you need a cheering-up, just let me know.”
    “I feel better already Charlie. You sure know how to cheer someone up when they’re down.” 
    “Thanks Louis and you're more than welcome. I'm always at your service, Louis”, said Charlie as he took a slight bow and clicked his two front hooves together. 
    “Now Charlie enough with the singing and dancing, I've got a few questions…for ya? Now tell me about yourself and…what you were like…as a small pony? Since you are my best friend, it sure would be nice if we shared a few things about our past every now and again. You know all about me, but I don't know much of anything about you”, asked Louis with a questioning look on his face. 
    “Louis I’m not one to brag or one who really likes to talk about himself. Are you sure you want to hear the old stories…from so long ago?” asked Charlie as he turned away from Louis. 
  Charlie found a place to sit down on a large mat of hay.
  Louis came over, sat next to Charlie in the hay, and started to ask Charlie a few more questions about his past, but in a now more quizzical and inquiring tone. 
    “Charlie, I'm serious, tell me all about yourself. Were ya…a...very…handsome pony? How old are you now? Did, you ever travel around the world as Mr. Beamer had? Did you go on any great quests or dangerous adventures, when you were younger?”
    “Louis that sure is a lot of questions at once, now you have to promise not to tell anyone: not Chug, Molly, Sammy, Short-Stack, or any other of your friends or even Mr. Beamer, if I tell you about my past. Are you sure, you really want to know more about me Louis? It was so very long ago and me being so much older now, it will be very hard for me to remember the stories and the dates, of when certain things really happened”, said Charlie as a puzzled look started to appear on his face. 
    Louis replied, “Of course I want to hear all of the stories Charlie.” 
    “OK, well Louis first off. I’m a lot older than I appear to be and have lived a long adventurous life full of travels, to far-away lands, and have done great deeds of courage that you could only dream about”, proclaimed Charlie now with a cunning smile on his face. 
    “Tell me more…” said a now more curious Louis.
    “I was a daydreamer and trouble-maker when I was younger. And I did feel I was a very handsome pony, as you asked.”
    “You were just like me then? A real daydreamer…wow…imagine that!”
    “Yes that’s right Louis, a real daydreamer and I have strange visions and dreams, just like you do. You see you’re not alone in this. I was picked on, as you are picked on. I got frightened, by some of the bigger ponies, where I lived…I guess you’d call them bullies.”
    “Wow Charlie I’m glad I’m not the only one who gets picked on!”
    “Sometimes that’s just part of life but you’ll survive. It may just not seem like it now, but believe me Louis...you will.”
    “Well I sure hope you’re right. Cause sometimes it gets really tough…you know, having red hair and freckles and all...”
    “Louis you forget I have bucked teeth, so I know exactly how you feel” Charlie smiled broadly.
    “I love your smile Charlie.”
    “And I love your red hair and freckles, and there you have it.”
    “So tell me more about yourself.” 
    “Now Louis back to your earlier questions, you’re not going to believe this but…you see…how do… I…er…say this…ah…Louis. You see...I am a…“Arion”…or a semi-immortal-horse. 
    “You’re...a…what...what’d you say…?”
    “An Arion”, Louis…you see I’m the last of my kind...on earth. All of my descendants have now since passed away. Louis you might not believe me but I have the power to “regenerate myself” or be “reborn” if: certain strong mystical spells are spoken to me, or a powerful magic is used on me by knowledgeable wizards, Indian Chiefs, Ancients, Egyptian Pharos, Magicians or the like. If these spells or incantations are spoken or used correctly, they can transform me into any type of horse that is needed for the task. However, the task has to require great courage, bravery, valor, or ultimate daring, be benevolent or of ultimate good, and...only be a deed to serve humankind. 
    “No way Charlie,” said Louis in complete and utter disbelief “you have to be kidding me! Come on tell the truth now?”    
    “No really, I have lived close to three-thousand years now, and have not been “reborn” from what I can remember, for almost two-hundred or more years. I think the last time I was “regenerated” or “reborn” was, by a famous Indian Chief named Black Elk. He changed me into a Painted Pony. I was the fastest horse that ever lived. I helped him drive away hundreds of hungry wolves who were chasing off their large buffalo herds, on the Great-Plains right here in America, so you see I had to be fast. Black Elk lived in the far-off, Boreal forest in Canada. He had come down from that ancient forest to help some of his friends out who lived here in our heartland…at least I think...I’m so old I forget things sometime...”
    “Who are you trying to kid here? You once knew a great Indian Chief named Black Elk. You’re just ole’ Charlie…the “Barnyard Horse”. I think your old age has effected your memory, like it does in most old horses and most people”, stated Louis as he gave Charlie another look of disbelief. 
    “Yes it’s all true Louis…really.”    
    “Look Charlie I know Mr. Beamer tells some long-winded tails and tall-fables, but that is the best one, that I have ever heard. Come on now. You’re an, “semi-immortal horse” who has lived for over three-thousand years?”
    “Now let me think. Oh…yes you see I also helped build the great pyramids in Egypt. A supernatural Pharaoh used his powers once long ago to change me, into the strongest horse on earth. He turned me into a Clydesdale that time. I was the biggest horse who ever lived. He used me to help pull the largest of stone blocks, up to the very tops of the great Pyramids, in the Valley of the Kings. The supernatural Pharos name was Ramesses II. He also went by another name. If I can remember…it…correctly, it was…Ozymandias.” 
    “Man…oh…man Charlie, have you gone daft?”  
    “Now listen up Louis, I’m not finished yet.”
    “I guess you’re not fibbing, for real?”
    “Let’s see…yeah…then I helped the Mayan Indians in Mexico build the lost city of Chichen Itza, about 500 AD and then there were others…”
    “Go on Charlie, you’re on a real roll here.”
    “And I remember helping to build the ancient city of Machu Picchu that lies above the Urubamba Valley in Peru around 1440 AD. Then I built some parts of the Great Wall of China in the 5th century and so on, and so on. If…I can…remember…” 
    “Are there any other stories?”
    “Oh yeah, then I helped Babe the Blue-Ox and Paul Bunyan in Minnesota to harvest the great timber fields, a few thousand years after that.”
    “Holy cow Charlie; you did all that?” 
    “Yep I sure did. Now after traveling, the world over I found my way here to Centerville, retired and I am just living out the rest of my natural born life. I do not think I will ever have any great task bestowed upon me again. You see “my kind” will only live about two-hundred natural years more or less, if we are not reborn. I just tell everyone that I am about fourteen years old. 
    “Ok Charlie...whatever you say.”
    “Now all of my relatives that Mr. Beamer told you about have all but passed away, because there were no more great feats or noble callings for them to do in the world either”, said Charlie as he slightly hung his head down in respect for his family. 
    “Well Charlie as hard as I am trying to believe you I…a…er…just…can’t. I am so…sorry. It just cannot be all true. Charlie, you must be getting bored and sad again this time of year, staying inside the barn and now you're just making up stories?” said Louis as he rolled over in the hay and gave Charlie a soft pat on the neck. 
    “Well Louis you can believe in what you want to believe in, for its all true.”  
    “What did you call yourself an “Arion”? We all know that cannot be true but those sure were some great stories. And you thought, I was fibbing before?” 
    “OK, Louis but someday I might be called on again, to do one last great deed. You just wait and see”, said Charlie who nodded his head up and down to reconfirm what he had just told Louis. 
    “Well, thanks for the song and dance lessons but I got to get back up to the farmhouse. Everyone is going to be mad at me, if I don't get going and try to at least get a few chores done, before it gets too dark outside,” said Louis as he stood up, turned and took a few steps towards the barn doors. 
    “Wait Louis, before you go I want to give you something.” 
    “OK, what do ya got for me Charlie?” 
  Charlie reached his head down to a small leather pouch that hung around his neck and bit onto the leather string that was exposed at the top. When Charlie pulled the string up a small very beautiful silvery bell became visible. It was a very strange and odd-looking bell; very tiny hands, due to the difficulty and intricacy of the work, must have made it. Charlie then shook the bell slightly back and forth, to make sure it still chimed in a perfect pitch still. When he shook the bell it glowed, a beautiful fluorescent pale blue, which sent out brilliant crystal-clear blue, rays of light, out over Louis’s head. 
  Louis’s eyes grew as wide as a hippopotamus’s mouth.
    “Wow look at that light. Man is this something?”
    “No Louis, this is something...else!”
  When Charlie was satisfied that it was still working correctly, he handed it to Louis's now out stretched hands. 
    “What a beautiful and very special gift Charlie.”
    “Louis this magical bell has been passed down from one of my family members to another throughout time. Since time itself has been recorded, it has been in my family. This bell has been in great wars and has traveled over, the highest mountains in the world. It has been carried into the deepest valleys on earth, and it has now finally fallen into my possession. This bell was made for Alexander the Great by a famous and sovereign queen of the time, and then given to Bocephous the Mighty, my cousin. He was a Sergeant Major in Alexander the Greats army; do you remember me telling you that Louis? Then he in turn, gave it to Alexander to protect him in times of trouble. All Alexander had to do was ring the bell and Bocephous would come running. Bocephous could hear the bell from where ever he was in the world. It did not matter if he was perched high on a mountaintop, or swimming in the middle of the deepest of oceans, he would be able to hear the ringing of the magic bell. He vowed to his master, whomever he gave the bell to that he would be at his side as fast as he could run, if ever the bell was shaken then danger must be upon him. Now Louis I want to offer this bell to you, as a token of my friendship and since…I consider you “my master”. 
  If you ever get into trouble and danger is at your feet, you just ring the bell with all you might, and I will be there as fast as wild lightning, travels across threatening skies,” said Charlie with a loving and determined look in his soft green eyes.
    “Thank you Charlie. You are so very special to me. I will wear it always.” 
  Louis who was now standing directly in front of Charlie reached out and grasped the beautiful bell from Charlie, with a look of great wonderment, all the while trying to quell his now ever pounding heart. 
  Louis looked the bell over with admiration in his eyes and in his soul and then, gently placed the tiny bell with the simple leather strap, around his thin neck. He tucked the wonderful gift deep down into his overalls, close to his heart. 
  As the bell faded from site, the blue rays of light emanating from the magical bell grew ever softer and softer until they finally went out.
    “Charlie, I will never forget that I have this gift of a “special-bell” round my neck. I promise you that: if I ever get into danger or trouble in the world when you are not around, that I will voraciously and with a great longing in my heart for you, ring the bell, loud and clear for you to hear, then wait for your brave coming. Thanks again, Charlie, you are the best friend I have ever had or could ask for. You’re so very kind to me!” said Louis who now gave Charlie one last hug for the night.
    “You’re most welcome Louis and, do not ever forget its magical powers. Just ring it and I’ll be there.”
  Both smiled widely. 
  Louis now slowly turned and exited out of the barn doors without looking back, heading up the pathway towards his house, with Muncy once again slobbering at his feet. 













~Chapter 3~
Meet Mr. Beamer

  Mr. Beamer was a man: of pocket-sized stature, standing only slightly more than five foot five inches in height, was of average weight and had mostly common features. The thinning hair on the top of his head was found to be, mostly gray with streaks of white throughout which gave him an appearance of, being a wizened and well-traveled man. In a strange way, he looked like an ancient and very clever wizard. 
  Worn above his upper lip was a small grayish white well-cropped handlebar mustache that hung below the corners of his mouth on each side, and was found to be strangely twisted into an upward position on his face. Other than that, there were no real sharp facial features other than, a rather large round bulbous nose attached to the front of his face. It was strangely thick with a small bump right in the middle, about the size of a medium-sized walnut. 
  His nose was so broad and different that, it was actually pleasing to look at in a strange sort of way and of course, Mr. Beamer was very proud of it. What else could you do, or how else could you handle a difficult situation that life had offered you, except to have a since of humor about it. 
  Mr. Beamer’s nose seemed to have a mind of its own. Everywhere he looked the nose was leading the way first. When he was telling one of his epic-tales and wanted to make a point, all he had to do was shake his head up-and-down, or from side-to-side, and his nose would be seemly making an explanation point; to go along with his colorful words. This somehow only enlivened his stories, making them all the more exciting and adventurous. 
  Simple homegrown values made up the core of Mr. Beamer's worth. This is why he and his wife got a long so very well. Both of them had the same simple approach to life. This quality comes mostly from being raised in the heartland of America, in the late eighteen hundreds. 
  He was born and raised in Centerville, Indiana on his late father's family farm that has been passed down from generation to generation. It is a small working-farm with a main-house surrounded by a small white wooden picket fence, a large grassy front yard and there is a large wooden barn behind the main farmhouse, where Charlie and his barnyard friends live. 
  Growing and selling corn is the mainstay of his farm but the growing season is short up this far north, so Mr. Beamer and his wife would have to find other ways, to make ends meet and to keep the farm running smoothly. Therefore, Mrs. Beamer would bake and sell some of her delicious homemade pies, which always brought in a little extra money. Then in the summer time, they would run a small icehouse, which would produce just enough ice for the local residents to get them through the long, hot, sweltering summer days and nights.
  The Beamer's have this cantankerous and very irritable old ice-making machine found outside the back of the barn that always seems to be breaking down, at the most problematic of times. White steam belches from the tops of the smokestacks when it is turned on, and this would send a cloud of steam up into the air that looked like, an old steam train rumbling down a rickety railroad track. 
  Whenever the clanking and difficult machine is up and running in the summertime, all the kids in the valley would come running over to get ice, for their homemade lemonade or use the ice to cool their hot and tired feet. Mr. Beamer always hands out the ice freely to all the children, just to see the smiles that come to their faces. 
  You see Mr. Beamer just loves to be around children. 
  It makes him feel like his life is fulfilled, well balanced and that he is, wealthy in spirit. 
  When Mr. Beamer was in his early twenties and early thirties, he traveled often throughout the heart of the country by railroad cars, by foot, by horseback or by wagon train, going from county to county and from town to town. You see Mr. Beamer was tantamount (or the same as) being a hobo or vagabond at times; but mostly he would work on farms, as he traveled doing seasonal-work in the fields or light handy-man work in horse stables. This gave him just enough money to get by on and see the country at the same time. Eventually he ended up traveling most of the world (over the years) as his dreams took him further and further away from the place where he grew up. 
  Mr. Beamer was bitten with a wanderlust that he carried with him, though out most of his young life.
  He never had time for much of a formal education because he had to work on the family farm at such an early age. However, he was, as smart as a professor at one of those prestigious and refined colleges over in Indianapolis, at Indiana State or Purdue University. He always read as much as he could throughout his travels, and he always kept a good book in his backpack, next to his bedroll. 
  He would read anything and everything he could get his hands on, and would read whenever he found the spare time to delve into a good book. He enjoyed reading so much, that in a past life he could have been a librarian for that matter. 
  Now when Mr. Beamer was younger he and most of his early schoolteachers just did not get along very well. Therefore, he decided to leave school early, around the sixth-grade, to help take care of the family farm: which a lot, of boys his age were quitting school at that time for the same reasons. Things were just very tough for their fathers to make ends meet, and they needed all the help they could get. If leaving school early was his fault or his teaches fault, Mr. Beamer never really knew. He did know that a proper, formal-education was not to be a big part of his early life. 
  Mr. Beamer never forgot his humble background and that he was raised in a simple and very basic time, and came from parents of average ways and means. 
  He was the oldest son of four other brothers and two sisters (all of which looked up to him) but he knew helping out on the farm, would not be his only pursuit in life. As all his brothers and sisters finally grew old enough that they could take care of themselves and make their own way in life, he now turned his thoughts to distant-lands and far-away adventures. He wanted to see all, the great things that he had read about in his books; and in this way he was a lot like little Louis.
  Mr. Beamer eventually had to follow his great urge to travel abroad and see the superb things that the world had to offer. Wanderlust is mostly for the young-of-heart-and-body and this was exactly how Mr. Beamer, envisioned himself. 
  In the back of his mind, that singular thought of travel grew so strong and regular, that he felt if he did not go off soon he would miss his one chance in life, and that the world would surely pass him by. 
  When Mr. Beamer left Centerville he was in his late twenties and did not have more than two wooden nickels to rub together, but he knew that that surely would not stop him. 
  One day, off he went. 
  He made his way: across all of the great northern lakes by sleek cutter-ships, then from the southern tip of one great lake onto an old steam train to New York City, and then to the navel yards in New York harbor. From there he eventually stole aboard a wayward merchant ship to Singapore, and from there he sailed on a great cargo ship, to the far South China Seas. After becoming a merchant marine during his mid-life, he must have traveled the world six times over by his accounts, before he turned forty. 
  Abroad is where he lived a life of happiness, and at times heart breaking solitude and loneliness. Other times, there were grand adventures and still other times there were great ventures. He began living the life that would become the basis of the tails that he would tell (as an older man) on his back porch for all the residents of Centerville.
  When his body and spirit for adventure finally was satisfied and full, he one day found his way back to his home in Indiana; to his family's farm and to the life he knew and loved before. The family's farm was still the tranquil place it always was and not much had changed, in the almost thirty years since he was away. 
  Mr. Beamer had met Mrs. Beamer at a fall county square dance; they fell deeply in love, on first sight, soon thereafter, he married her. He just could not get over her: beautiful smile, bright and very honest eyes and gentle manners, but most of all, it was her wonderful cooking. 
  Now the only adventures in life Mr. Beamer sought were the loving arms of his wife, the warmth of his fireplace, and the comfort of a good book to read. 
  Mr. Beamer never had time for any children because he traveled so often when he was a younger man. The childbearing years of his wife had already passed her bye, by the time they had fallen in love and got married. This is why he loved to have children around him so much in his older age. 
  His main job in life now was to delight the children in town with his storytelling, reciting of poems and the singing of fanciful songs. He liked to stir the children's magnificent imaginations about far-away and far-off lands, to stimulate a desire in them to read, and to be thankful for all things of man, beast or nature. His real calling in life though, was the telling of tall-fables and long-winding stories. 
  When some part of a fantastic story was being told and he wanted to get some one's attention, he would bob his head side-to-side, shake his nose up-and-down, and laugh out loud, at the most unusual of times. His ever-present laugh was strong and loud for a man his age, and when he laughed it was infectious, and a delight to anyone within earshot. 
  

  Then one night on Mr. Beamer’s back porch:    
    “Mr. Beamer, are you going to tell another tall story tonight?” asked, an excited Louis as he alighted up to the back porch on a recent Friday night. 
    “Take a seat Louis where you can next to Muncy and the others, then bundle up against the chill of the evening’s north winds, for I have a particularly interesting story to tell tonight. I am very sure that none of you have ever heard this one before,” said Mr. Beamer as he: sat down on his favorite old rocking chair, pulled his old well-worn straw hat down a little bit over his soft eyes, and wrapped his comfortable knit-scarf around his thick neck a little tighter, to ward off the night's chill. 
  As most of the children in town began gathering around on the rear porch to hear his latest tall-tale, tobacco smoke from his old corn pipe was starting to circle up in the air above the open-air patio. As the smoke rings were wafting out over the heads of everyone present and dissipating, out in all directions over the top of the farmhouse; Mr. Beamer got comfortable and was just about to begin the telling of his enchanting story for the evening. 
  Short-Stack stumbled in because he could hardly see through his long hair, and pulled down baseball cap. Mr. Turkey (with fright in his eyes) tottered onto the back porch and sat up front on the lower part of the stoop (while he constantly looked around) in case trouble had followed him. 
  Molly finally showed; finding a comfortable seat on the other side of Louis, who had found a place right in front of Mr. Beamer. Muncy sat on the other side of Louis; placed his head on Louis's lap then quickly fell asleep. Growlin-Harry was there, becoming quite just long enough so as not to spoil the story with all his constant growling. He sat a little further away from everyone else so the smell, of his heat-balm would not disturb the others. 
  Chug showed up a little late because, he had to get his household chores done but still got there early enough, so as not to miss any of the story. Most of the barnyard animals were there and now seated, as well. Arty the Pig and a few other animals from the barn showed up and all took seats, around the back porch to complete the guest list for the night. 
  The small fire of birch wood was all aglow in the wood burning stove, and the two gas lamps hanging on a nearby post on the porch, threw a soft soothing light on everyone in attendance. 
  The late cool summer breeze faded a bit when, Mr. Beamer began to speak in a low, soft voice. 
    “Last week, I told you the story of Charlie’s Uncle, The Sergeant-Major Bocephous the Mighty that was in Alexander the Greats army. The week before that I told you of another one of Charlie's relatives, “Benedetto the Good and his travels with Marco Polo though out China. This week I want to tell you the greatest and most dangerous adventure that ever happened to me in all of my travels though out the world. 
  Keep still and listen my children, for you will want to hear every word that I am about to impart unto you. This tale is about a one-time magical adventure and fantastical journey that I once took to the great North Pole…to Santa Claus…Village…”































~Chapter 4~
The North Pole

    “Being a man of all about forty years old and finding my desires to see the world dwindling with my energy, I felt I had one last great adventure in me. Therefore, one day…I found myself traveling to the far north-west territories above Canada, up in Russian-Lands, around the time of the first great gold rush there. 
  I had spent approximately two years on the wide-open frozen tundra fields with the native Eskimo people, learning all about their tribal customs, culture, and languages. Eventually: when they felt and I, that I had learned all I could about them, had gained their true friendship and respect; they one day confided in me and told me the most wonderful and superb story, that I had ever heard in my life. 
  They confided in me and bravely told me that: there was an illustrious city that only a few living souls on earth had ever seen first-hand, and that this city was to be found high up in the mountain ranges of the North Pole, at the farthest tip of Russia. Did any of you know that I once traveled to the great North Pole?” asked Mr. Beamer as every child's eyes grew a little larger, and more focused at the thought of hearing a story about the North Pole. 
    “Man oh…man Mr. Beamer. You really traveled to the North Pole?” asked Louis.
    “Wow, I can’t believe it. You’re a real world-traveler!” proclaimed Chug.
  All in attendance that night now knew that a great tale was about to unfold before them. All the children and animals present started to let their imaginations run wild, as Mr. Beamer continued.
    “It was the great year, of eighteen-hundred and eighty-eight. The winter had been the harshest that anyone could remember around there for eons. 
    All was frozen and all were cold... 
    Great wild and vicious winds were blowing in down from the arctic tundra-fields, from the uttermost northern-parts of the world, and every man and beast alike, took for cover or they would surely die from the raw exposure of an angry mother nature.
    I had followed the fur and gold trade routes with the local tribes-people to the farthest corners of Russia and beyond, for well over three months…heading due north. The trapping-party and guides that I had been traveling with, all turned back as the deepest part of winter had set in, with all its fury bearing down upon us. It was there that I…who was all alone…and ready to turn back myself, came upon one last gloomy and very steep, black and dark mountain range the local peoples called “The Ingnok”. 
    Which translates into their language… meaning...“The Impassable Ones”.
    “Were you scared Mr. Beamer?” 
    “Of course I was Molly. Who wouldn’t be?”
    “Was it cold?” asked Growlin-Harry.
    “It was the coldest days I have ever lived through, or could ever remember Harry. Again children listen up for what I tell you now, you will never forget for as long as you live.” 
  All grew deathly still, once again.
    “I was hesitant to try to cross this last menacing and dangerous mountain range by myself, but something deep inside of me, kept calling me forward. This was a calling that I had never felt before until that day, and have never felt a single day since. I traveled on by myself with no other help by man for three long arduous days. No man with all his faculties within his grasp would have dared to join me, for fear of an untimely-death from the elements, or from wild unruly beasts. 
    The winds constantly blew fierce in this part of the world and the cold was stinging, as if a thousand bees, were penetrating your very soul, all at once. This was not the time or the place to find out if you're a man who is faint-of-heart or weak-of-mind. For if, the poverty of fear lived: deep in your soul, or entangled your heart or mind; it would surely be your quick demise, and any living thing would never see you, again.
    There was told by the local-people, of a great, mystical city that lies beyond the northern most peaks of that mountain range that held, delight, and merriments for any traveler who could find it. It was a city of: neighborly-elves, congenial-dwarfs, friendly-reindeer, delightful and tasty ales, grog, and hearty nourishment's.”
    “You saw real reindeer and elves Mr. Beamer?” asked Chug in amazement.
    “Yes there are real living elves, reindeer, and dwarfs Chug.” 
    “Please go on!” asked a very excited Molly.
    “Also I was told that this was the noted city which Santa Claus himself called home.”
  As the story was unfolding, all present listened with a true bewilderment in their hearts at the words they were hearing. All the chickens present huddled together under each other's wings, for heat and comfort. Arty the Pig dug a hole in the mud by the back steps, at the back of the porch to lie in, and Mr. Turkey actually stopped quivering, and shaking long enough to enjoy the story.
  Louis began daydreaming that he was, traveling right alongside of Mr. Beamer: wearing an over-sized bearskin coat and a bearskin fur hat, with a backpack on full of furs and a holding a grand, lustrous walking stick in one hand.
  Mr. Beamer continued. 
    “I was a well journeyed man in these parts of the world by now, and had learned the ways of the mountainous lands from the local people. I had by now a: solid and very strong back, a trustworthy and loyal horse and two strong mules, well packed with supplies; needed for such a dangerous quest. Nevertheless, most of all I still had an unquenchable and never-ending lust, and desire, to see this wonderful city at the North Pole, that everyone had talked so much about in the past.
    The winds and blowing snows were very powerful and steady at the first part of my adventure; but I suddenly had a great turn of events happen one night. Unexpectedly the fierce winds settled down. When this happened, I knew this would be my only chance to complete my quest. With no blustery weather to hold me back, I could now make good time to travel across the most treacherous northern peaks, of the mountain range at noonday. 
  As I moved on through the upper most passes, I dodged fallen stone and rock, and trusted my best friend at the time, Ringo (my very strong and brave horse) to be ever so steady of foot. I slowly forged onward, and upwards and with great caution. It took me three days of toil and hardship that I had never known before in my life, but I finally realized that the treasure I was seeking was now within my grasp.
  As, I reached the very top of the largest mountain I thought I would collapse from pure exhaustion. However, I grew renewed energy as I saw a lone great eagle circling above me. He tipped his wings to-and-fro as if to say “Only the brave live to tell their tales of adventure and daring. All others will live their last day upon this mountain.” 
  Just then a singular great eagle tail feather slowly fell from the heavens above, landing squarely in my grasp. 
  It was a sign, sent from high above.
  Mr. Beamer reached deep into his overalls, producing an incredibly beautiful, brown, and white feather. It shown magnificently in the gas-lamp light, glowing down on them from above.
  Everyone present gave a collective moan of delight.
    “Look at that Louis. I’m gonna get me one of those someday when I’m out on a dangerous quest.”
    “I bet you will Chug,” said Louis as he smiled at Chug “if you truly believe in yourself.”
   Mr. Beamer placed the eagle feather back in his overalls and continued to speak.
    “Now with renewed strength I started my decent ever downward and straightforward, into the last darkness of the final mountain range. I walked what seemed like days along the rocky pathway, through thick blue mysterious fogs, that had engulfed and entombed me. Finally, there it stood before me, far away in the distant valley below, only for my gazing eyes. 
    It was the city of glimmering lights. 
    It was a city that has, not an equal.”
    “Was it really that beautiful to see Mr. Beamer?” asked Harry “was it Santa’s Village?”
    “Was it everything we’ve…we’ve ever read about?” asked Molly. 
    “It was all, and more so. It was a city of esteemed lights and true wonderment,” said Mr. Beamer. 
    “It was Santa Claus’s Village then...and it’s...all...real?” asked Molly. 
    “Holy cow” proclaimed Louis.
    “I could tell from my perch high up on the mountainside and still far away that it was a venerable city of life and bustle. As I ambled ever downwards and onwards, and as I traveled nearer and closer to the treasure that awaited me I could see all kinds of strange goings-on within the city grounds. 
    There were: smallish-elves in large groups huddled by open fire-pits, trying to keep warm from the winter elements, groups of reindeer conversing in reindeer-speak, small heavy-set workman moving large wooden-carts full of presents to-and-fro, and there were enchanting dwarfs rolling small wooden-carts, all along the cities, rust colored brick pathways. 
    Then straight in front of me, and right in the center of the small metropolis called Santa's Village, there was a high towering building made of mud and stone that appeared to be about ten stories tall. 
    Found it was, to be the pulse of the citizens who lived there, and the lifeblood of all things that lived near and far.
    From the cities hub outward, stretched low-lying buildings, surrounding the entire area. Most structures were only a few feet high, maybe five-feet or so, and looked to house all of the elves, dwarfs, and workingmen. The small secondary-buildings, as well as the one large building, at the center of town were all molded of mud bricks, and covered with thick thatched-roofs made of dried straw. 
  Showing out of the small round windows of each home was a glowing orange and yellow fire light, with the smell of home-cooking assaulting your senses, from each cooking-pot.
    The smells of this city were a delight. 
    Smells of: fresh-baked elf breads, pumpkin pies and chocolate cakes, simmering beef-stews, honey-biscuits, succulent minced-meat pies and the smell of cooking buttered vegetables, filled the thin cool winter air. 
    As I slowly approached the outskirts of the city and closer to the dwarfish-men huddled by the open fire pits, I heard all talking about the upcoming Christmas season and how much work was still left to do, before Christmas Eve.
    As I passed through the hub of the city towards the tall building standing as a guardian sentinel, I neither spoke nor gazed into anyone's probing eyes. I thought it best to keep a low profile, because I did not know if strangers were welcome in these parts. I then finally found myself standing in front of the massive building that had, held my attention from when I first saw it standing on the very top of the distant mountain pass.
    I stood there for a moment to listen to the strange sounds springing with rhythm, from the belly of the building. I then advanced to grab onto one of the large brass door handles, to give the door a mighty tug. As the great door swung open, I knew directly that all I had heard or read of, in books about Santa's Village…was all very...true…and very...real. 
    I now witnessed the most magnificent sight imaginable to man.”
    “What did you see,” asked an enthralled Louis “when you opened the door Mr. Beamer?”
    “Yeah what was the magnificent sight? Did you see more elves?” inquired Molly.
   “Molly there were: fancy colorful boxes lying everywhere on the floor and shelves, Christmas packages neatly wrapped and stacked high up to the very tops of the wood-beamed ceilings, and there were very large and very broad rows upon rows of wooden shelves, so full of toys and neatly stacked that another package could not possible fit on them. Thousands upon thousands of toys perfectly arranged, stacked to the walls, and precisely marked, with each child's name on it, with a brightly colored tag. 
    In the center of the room there was a wide and far-reaching metal machine thundering with life that billowed white-hot smoke and steam, out of very tall metal vent pipes. 
  Each vent pipe passed through the roof high above, allowing the steam and smoke to drift high out into the darkened skies above. Metal pulleys with leather straps were moving in circles, large wooden wheels were connected to other large wooden wheels, and there were grinding sounds of metal on metal that reverberated and echoed though out the great room. 
    I stood in utter amazement at what I was witnessing. 
    Now the machine…I finally figured out…that the contraption was..., an illustrious great “Christmas Present Wrapping-Machine”. It looked like it was the only kind of machine like it in the world. The odd metal piece of equipment sat in the very center of the room, and was about six-stories high; with bright shiny knobs everywhere, with many lights flashing brightly on and off.” 
    “Are you telling me there is a machine that wraps all the presents of the world?” asked Charlie with a surprised look on his face.
    “Yes Charlie, a one-and-only great wrapping-machine.”
    “Did you see any presents with my name on them?” asked a smiling Short-Stack.
    “None with your name that I could see, but I am sure there was one, maybe more.”
    “Short-Stack c’mon man,” said Louis.
    “Now upon looking closer I could see that there were: many complicated looking levers and a large control panel at the front of the machine; where from my account, about fifteen elves at any one time, were deep in thought trying to guide its operation. In went the toys at one end of the machine, on a slowly moving leather conveyor belt, and out of the other end a few moments later (on another conveyor belt) out passed the toys, perfectly gift-wrapped in a neat box with beautiful wrapping paper. Each splendid personal gift was visible tagged with each child's name. 
    The lead elf-foreman who’s, name was Algar who was much taller than the other elves, was shouting out orders for everyone in the room to hear. 
    We need ten-thousand more eyes for those dolls right here, get those children’s bikes packed up and on to that conveyor-belt over there. Where are those snow-sleds heading? Bring me that packaging slip. No do not place those soccer balls there, place them on that conveyor belt over there. Those red-wagons by the rear doors send them back to quality control. I don't like the looks of those.” 
    The supervisor was very able at his job and had worked his way up from the mailroom, almost two-hundred years ago. You see elves live a very long, long time. When you are pure of heart and kind to all, which all elves are known to be, you will live a much longer and happier life.
    “Are you sure there were no gifts for me?” inquired a disheartened Chug.
  Louis poked Chug in the side as Mr. Beamer smiled. 
    “No Chug but I did see friendly reindeer pulling wagons-loads and wagons-loads full of more toys that had been made over in the toy factory; found inside another large building next to the great wrapping-machine. 
  The short stocky workingmen were pulling all of the filled wagons to the great wrapping-machine. They would help when the elves would get behind in their work, or when they were too tired. By the way, the Forman was yelling out orders at everyone he or she, must have been way behind, on getting the presents wrapped, tagged, and ready for Christmas that year.
    The lead Foreman, Algar: was about five-feet inches tall, which were very tall for elves, he had on very small, green shoes, turned up at the toes with blue bells on them, which made the most melodious sound when he walked. He wore a red pointed felt hat that stretched up into the air about two feet, over the top his head. Over his small thin frame he wore: a loose-fitting green suit, with three large yellow buttons down the front, and a wide black leather belt with a small shinny gold buckle, that was loosely wrapped around his small waist; this helped keep his baggy, and over-sized pants pulled up. 
    This was the standard outfit for most of the elves and it kept them all warm throughout the long winter days and even longer winter nights. Best of all, all of the elves and workingmen sang the most wondrous songs while they would work…so in fact it was not work at all. When you’re lucky enough to choose the work you want to do in life, and not what you’re assigned, or made to do, then you are truly richer, than any other man or elf in spirit and in heart.” 
  Louis interrupted Mr. Beamer’s story telling for a moment and asked in a soft inquiring voice. “Did you see Santa Claus or Rudolf the Red Nose Reindeer? Were they there in the great room as well?” 
    “Louis, I was just getting to that.”
    “Did you see Mrs. Claus anywhere?” asked Margaret. 
    Harry chimed in, “Were the reindeer friendly, and did they have large furry antlers?” 
    “Kids, kids”, said Mr. Beamer to all the children present in a friendly chiding tone “let me continue on. Please.”
   All grew quiet again as Mr. Beamer took another long drawn out puff of his corn pipe.
    “Now just as the large wrapping-machine was running full bore, clanking and banging about and all the elves were running in different directions, while trying to full fill the seasons' orders, the front doors of the great building swung wide open again, then a deep and very omnipresent voice boomed out loud and clear, for everyone to hear. 
    Break time! 
    It was Santa Claus, himself. 
    Algar upon hearing Santa yell out to everyone quickly went over to the main control panel and began to turn off the great wrapping-machine, by pulling various levers and switches. The steam and smoke quickly died down from the bellowing engines, as the wheels and pulleys came to a screeching and sudden halt.
    There stood before me now was, the mighty Santa Claus in the front doorway with his feet slightly apart in a stance that was custom-made of confidence and pride. 
    Santa was everything you had read or heard about. 
    Santa was short and plump with a round firm belly. He was so overstuffed and widespread at the waist that it made him look like a small butterball-turkey. Well he could have even been related to you Mr. Turkey because he was just, so fat.”
  Mr. Beamer pointed towards where Mr. Turkey was sitting.
  Mr. Turkey began to shake again. Looking to do another magic trick and disappear.
  Mr. Beamer took another long drawn out inhale, into the tip of his smoking pipe and continued on. 
    “Santa was about five feet, five inches tall and weighed in at practically two-hundred and fifty pounds. He was very handsomely dressed in a gleaming red and white cotton suit that had three large black shiny buttons down the front that were, in perfect alignment. Santa's, well-pressed suite: was perfectly, fitted and it carried an air of royalty about it. He was wearing a pair of large black boots that covered his over-sized-yet stubby feet with a wide brass buckle that went across the tops of boots. 
    His lovely beard was flowing freely from his chin and his whiskers were a color of white that I had never seen before. The whiskers illuminated from within. They just had a soft wonderful, velvety glow about them. The hair on the top of his head was the color of freshly fallen snow, or the color of a bunny rabbit’s tale. And he had a large bulbous and very round nose, of the softest red hue that I have ever seen before.”
    “He must be related to you Mr. Beamer, that’s kind of what you look like,” said Louis with a slight laugh in his voice.
    “Why yes that is true and that may be so Louis, but if ever there was a sight to see in your whole life, this was it! I was so flabbergasted at what I was seeing that I fell over flat onto the seat of my pants landing in an over-sized vat of red paint that was being used for the painting of children's wagons and bikes. 
    Santa after hearing all the commotion of me falling and seeing my plight slowly strolled over to me, grabbed me by the nap of my neck, as a mother cat would pull up a newborn kitten, lifting me straight up into the air for a moment. He then shook some of the red paint off me.
    He was as strong as any man I had ever met. 
    With one arm, he just lifted me straight into the air. He finally placed me back on the earth ever so gently and said with some playfulness in his voice, “Well what do we have here, a plump and very red tomato.” 
    “Why hello Santa, My name is Thomas Costello Beamer,” I said as I tried to wipe some of the red paint, from my pants.
    “And what brings you to my fair city on this dark wintery night?”
    “The native people of this area told me of you and I just had to see for myself…if…you were…well… real or not.”
    “Well, as you can see...am I very real or not?”
    “Oh you are most real, it appears so far.”
    “Tell me more about yourself and how you got here Thomas.” 
    I answered him.
    “I was trapping wild animals and looking for gold treasures for months upon months far up in the far northern country, when I was told of a great city that was to be found over the mountain passes and far down into the valley below…called Snow Valley. I was also told that no one dared to try and pass through those treacherous mountains for fear of the cold, wild-animals, fierce “ancient cave bears”, and falling-rocks. 
    I took this as a personal challenge. 
    I gathered all of my belongings and headed out on a quest to locate you and your illustrious city. I just had to see for myself, what the world has always thought to be true. That you Santa Claus, Rudolf, and Santa’s Village really does exist.”
  Then Santa spoke again. 
    “Well, that was quite a story and sounds most dangerous. As you can see I am quite alive, do exist and Santa's Village was found, right here right where your friends said it would be. 
  Now as you can clearly see my elves and I are way behind in our work this year, and we have things that we must attend to right after this short break. You see Christmas is coming in two months and we’re so far behind schedule, that I am afraid we might not be able to get every child in the world, a present this year as we promised. The kids are depending on me again this year to bring them all of their favorite toys and…I can't…you know…let them down…well can I? Do you know how big the world is? That's a tough task, no doubt. So, Mr. Beamer, are you here to help me in my great task or are you here to just dawdle about and fall in vats of red paint all day?” 
    “No…ah…I am not here to dawdle…er…or waist, your time”, I mumbled in astonishment at the thought of talking with the real Santa Clause. 
    “Well, continue on Thomas?”
    “I am a traveler of the world and this is going to be my last great adventure before I retire and go back to my homeland in the heartland of Indiana. I just had to see for myself if all the stories about you were true and then, I had planned on going home but if you really need and want my help, I will gladly offer it to you. Mostly I want to learn all about your great city, about the elves and reindeer and place pen-to-paper to write this information down in song and written word, for all to remember throughout time. 
    I want the world to know that you really do exist.” 
    “You want the whole world to know all about me ugh? How about we just start with you helping get this irritating rock out of my boot for now?” said Santa as he sat down on a large perfectly wrapped present (found nearby) and raised his leg up in the air, so I could grab his boot and pull it off. 
    “Just as Santa was taking off his large boot back that covered his now exposed stocking, in sprang through the front doors...it was the kingly and noble, Rudolf the Red Nosed Reindeer. 
    My, what a beautiful animal, I thought to myself at the sight of seeing Rudolph for the first time. I had seen the most gripping horses of Charlie’s family, seen great fine and royal brown bears in the Americas, and I even gazed upon regal white snow panthers in China; but nothing compared to the site of the enlightening and stately Rudolf the Red Nosed Reindeer. 
    Rudolf was a sleek caramel brown color with sinewy muscles on his forelegs and hindquarters had the grace and presence of a king from a far-away time and carried himself like an Emir sitting on a throne, taking care of all things kingly.”
    “Man you saw Rudolf…really?” asked Louis.
    “Yes…Louis…he was dignified and statuesque. 
    Nothing could stand up to his magnificence. 
    His nose was a bright and a deep color of red that shown as vividly as any lighthouse on a far-away cliff. To get your attention or to make a point when he spoke, Rudolf would just light up his nose and the entire room would fill with cheer at the site of its brilliance.
    Rudolf walked directly over to Santa, leaned down his mighty head, and held his step while Santa whispered something into his ear. Rudolf nodded his head in approval at Santa that showed him, that he agreed with all, that which was just spoken. He then quickly spun around the other direction, looked around the room for a moment, leapt straight off the ground, kicked his legs about, then flew right out of the large openings in the top of the building; not to be seen again by me for as long as I stayed in Santa Village. 
    Santa must have sent him to some distant and remote land, on some very important great deed. As, quickly as he had bolted in through the doors, was as quickly as he, darted away. 
    I only saw Rudolf for a moment and then he was gone, but I will never forget the enthralling, and grand vision of him.”
    “Did he have a saddle on?” asked Charlie. 
    “No, no…this reindeer could not be saddled. No ordinary man could break this animal against his will. No one could master this reindeer except Santa Claus,” said Mr. Beamer with a quick glance in Charlie’s direction. 
    “Did Rudolf talk to you at all?” asked Growlin-Harry in his low throaty voice.
    “No only Santa Claus spoke to him in reindeer-speak, I would assume. Rudolf himself did not speak out loud, or to any of the elves.”
    “He sounds delightful,” said Molly
    “Rudolf was all that and more Molly.”
  All the children turned to look at each other, nodding in agreement to all that Mr. Beamer had said.
    “Well, Santa Claus kept me as his special guest for the better part of that Christmas season. He showed me all the inner-workings of the great city and all of the delights it held. He introduced me to all of the kind elves, gracious reindeer, and workingmen. 
  He explained to me how to operate, the great wrapping-machine in detail and he then discussed with me in particular, how the machine was…the only kind like it in the whole world. He explained to me that especially the “ancients” and the “olden-elves” who use to dwell in the old North Pole, long before he came to live there made it. 
  They had left it to him so he, solely would be responsible for the wrapping of all the Christmas presents in the world. They even allowed me to operate the machine with the guidance of the lead-foreman-elf, Algar. 
    It was an experience that I will never forget for as long as I live on this earth.”
    “Will I ever get to see this wrapping-machine…do you think…Mr. Beamer” asked Louis.
    “If you dream it, it will all come true. Follow your dreams Louis...”
  Mr. Beamer gave Louis a look like none other; one for which Louis had never seen before. It almost frightened little Louis. It was as if Mr. Beamer was saying (for real) that he would someday go to the North Pole.
    “Now where was I? Oh, yes…now also…Santa once asked me about my prodigious, bumpy nose and if I had ever gotten in trouble with it, or was ever embarrassed by it. 
  It was very funny because just as he was asking me about my nose, I was looking at his nose at the same time, and was going to ask him the very same thing. I told him this story and we both had a very good, long hearty laugh.
    Santa also introduced me to Mrs. Claus who was just as enchanting and charming of a person as I had ever met before. I spent many nights together with her after dinnertime enjoying her enlivening stories about the elves and reindeer, when they were younger. 
  She told me stories of bravado from Rudolf on his travels when he was just a reindeer-trainee, she also told me of Prancer, of Comet, and of Vixen when they were just a tiny reindeer. 
  I spoke to Mrs. Claus and Santa of my great travels around the world and of my travels across many stormy seas, and Santa told me of his partaking of his many travels around the globe as well. We had many things in common, and I felt as he did that after all was said and done, that we had made a special friendship and bond that would never be forgotten by either one of us; till the day that we passed from this physical earth and into the spiritual world. 
    Santa Claus also told me that Rudolf was getting on in age, his body was slowing, and that someday he would retire, and move on into a quieter life. He also told me that Rudolf needed a new “trainee-helper” to learn his job and then to eventually replace him, when Rudolf's time to retire became due. 
    So taken aback was I by this fact of course, because Rudolf looked so strong and mighty still when I had last seen him. He also spoke to me that the “replacement for Rudolf” would have to be: very kind of heart, extremely courageous beyond a doubt, clean of mind and spirit and most of all, love all the children of the world not just the privileged children or the cute ones, or the ones of a certain color of skin or age. 
  He would have to have a love for all the children of the world equally. With all that was going on during my visit and at the time, I nary gave it another thought for the rest of my days in Santa's Village.
    As my time grew to a close in the North Pole I told Santa, Rudolf, Vixen, Dancer and all the other reindeer and elf's and elves that they could come visit me sometime in the off-season in Centerville, back in old Indiana. They all said they would certainly look me up someday when, things slowed down and that they would be happy, to try Mrs. Beamer’s delicious apple pies, that I had bragged so much about while I was there. 
    Then when my time had come due, and my observations about Santa’s Village and Santa Claus; had been put from pen-to-paper, I felt that my time to departure from the great North Pole was at hand. 
  Santa had gone and come back from his yearly trek around the world, which I might add was a success again that year. So I packed up my: old duffel-bags on my two strong mule-deer, got my faithful horse Ringo ready with saddle and rope, and then received supplies from some of the workingmen, for my long demanding trip back home. 
    However, before he had left on his trip that year it was just then that Santa approached me and gave me the most unusual of parting gifts. It was small clear crystal glass-ball, with a figure of an orange furry “man-beast” standing upright in the center of the glass. And when you shook the beautiful bulbous crystal, glass-ball, and well-crafted work-of-art…white snowflakes, fluttered all about him, and a melodic chime could be heard coming from the base. 
    The beast-like figure was the strangest orange color that I had ever seen. His face and eyes seemed to have a “supernatural red glow” to them. I studied the glass ball for a moment and it, to my realizations, it appeared that the figure inside was that of an orange abominable snowman or Yeti.”
    “You saw an orange, abominable Yeti! I would not want to run into that in the wilds of the arctic…ever! It would scare me so bad that it might turn my hair from bright red to white…that’s for sure!...and probably scare some of the freckles off me as well” broadcast Louis, as he scrunched up his face in fear.  
    “Listen up once again Louis because this is very important…especially for you.”
  Louis gulped.
    “These strange mystical beast, are known to roam high up on the mountain sides of the Ingnok Mountains, but no one from what we know had lived, to tell the story of their meeting. However, mostly they are known to especially like to...to...scare...small children. Why Santa gave me this present I still do not know, till this day, but he did say in passing, that someday, one of your loved ones will need this special gift to save his life, and that…was all that…he said to me. 
    I then advanced to give him a small wooden carving that I had whittled in my spare time at the North Pole of him, and his sleigh full of packages, and of his troop of reindeer. 
    We exchanged the gifts; he then gave me a very long and genuine hug. Mrs. Claus dropped by before I left to say goodbye, as did many of the reindeer, elves, and workingmen that I had grown to love and call friends during my time spent there.
    Then at the next daybreak, I left Snow Valley. I traveled back out of the friendly valley of snow, through the dark mountains, across Russia, down through Canada and back to civilization. 
    This was my last and greatest journey; it will reside in my heart always and will be lodged in my mind forever...till the end of time.
    So there you have it! 
    The story of how I spent one Christmas in the North Pole with Santa Claus, Mrs. Claus, and Rudolf the Red Nosed Reindeer. That was my story of Santa’s Village, of the tiny elves and elf’s, of the workingmen and the story about, the great wrapping-machine”, said Mr. Beamer as he turned to look everyone once again, squarely in the eyes. 
  Mr. Beamer then punctuated the ending of his story with a large puff of smoke from his pipe. The smoke rose directly over the tops of the children’s heads, scattering high overhead above the rooftop of his farmhouse. 
  Therefore, this ended Mr. Beamer’s grand story for the evening. 
    “Wow, Mr. Beamer. Is that all true or are you just telling us another tall-tale like the ones about Charles' family?” asked Short-Stack.
    “Of course it’s all true Short-Stack. Why would I try to deceive you? How do you think kids all over the world get all their toys every year at Christmastime?” asked Mr. Beamer who was in disbelief at the question from Short-Stack and its intonation. 
    “All is true about Santa and all is true about Charlie’s family as well”, said Mr. Beamer again reinforcing his position. 
    “Now it’s getting late all. All of you children and animals must be getting tired of my long-winded story here. Just maybe…no I guess...you are right Short-Stack; the story I just told cannot be true...and my adventure with the Orange Yeti could not be true either. Till next time” said Mr. Beamer with a sly smirk now showing upon his face. 
  Just then, Mr. Beamer pulled the small crystalline glass-ball out of his pants pocket with the orange beast-like man inside. 
  He held it up high in front of him for all to gaze upon in amazement. 
    “Like I said, the story just can’t be true.” 
  Everybody’s mouth dropped wide open. 
  Charlie, Louis, Chug, Molly, Margaret, Short-Stack and all the other children and animals present just stood there gazing, at the small globe in total disbelief at what they were seeing. Mr. Beamer then waived his other arm up in the air signaling for all to scatter. He shook the glass ball; it lit up a bright blue and orange color. And a melodic song could be heard coming from its base. 
    “OK, everyone go home now, it’s getting late.” 
    “What are you holding there Mr. Beamer? Is that the gift Santa gave you?” asked a most astonished Louis. 
    “No were not tired at all. Do you have any more stories?” asked Charlie with a wild look in his tired eyes. 
  Charlie had come in late and toward the middle of the story, but he sure did hear the part about Santa's Village and the part about Rudolf retiring in a few years, and needing a future replacement, and of course, he heard the story about the great wrapping-machine.
    Now that would be a great job to have thought Charlie. I would love to do that. Just imagine me: with a beautiful sleigh to pull on Christmas night, having year round work to keep me busy, and most of all I would get to meet all the children in the world and place cheerful smiles on all of their faces, with the presents I would deliver them each year. Man, oh...man...what a great life that would be, working for Santa Claus in the North Pole. 
  Charlie with his mind spinning and dreaming of what could be turned to go back up the pathway towards Mr. Beamer's barn, to find his warm bed of hay to lie down in, and fall fast asleep for the night. 
  This evening dreams for Charlie would be with visions of being a famous working-horse for Santa Claus and making new friends with: Rudolf the Red Nosed Reindeer, the workingmen and the elves who live in Santa’s Village. 
    “Now let’s all get home and get a good night of sleep, and dream of beautiful snow falls on the northern most mountains of the North Pole. Let us dream of kind reindeer, of elves who sing fanciful songs-while they work-and of Santa Claus and the toys he will surely bring you all this year for Christmas. Which will be upon us soon enough” said Mr. Beamer as all of the children and animals slowly walked towards the dirt road that lead away from his farm and back into town.
    “Well, good night Mr. Beamer and thanks for the wonderful story, even though I know it’s not true,” said Louis as he headed next door to his farmhouse. 
  On the way back all Louis could do was daydream again about living in the North Pole and about himself being the lead Foreman, standing in front of the great wrapping-machine pulling all sorts of odd levers and switches. 
    “Well, good night Mr. Beamer” said Growlin-Harry as he shuffled off to the sounds of the soles of his shoes slapping on the ground. 
  Mr. Turkey realizing that: the comfort of his friends was slowly getting away from him began to get nervous again, so he fearfully slunk out, off of the back of the porch through the shadows of the nearby birch trees and back into the corn fields; so as not to be seen again that night. 
  Everyone had a wonderful time that night on the back porch of Mr. Beamer's farmhouse hearing Mr. Beamer tell his delightful and lustrous story about Santa Claus and the North Pole. 
  All slept deeply and safely in their own comfortable beds that night, with dreams whirling in their heads of shiny new toys being brought to them by, Santa Claus and Rudolf on Christmas Eve-that was coming soon enough-but especially they dreamed of one day, of meeting, Santa Claus and the mighty Rudolf the Red Nosed Reindeer. 

~Chapter 4~
A Hay Ride

  Charlie's wagon had been built by Turk the Blacksmith in his blacksmith shop a few years back and was fashioned to be: sturdy and carry a heavy work-load. The ice-wagon was made of hardwoods from the northern part of the Indiana, where all of the strongest hardwoods grow. 
  This was not a fancy wagon built to hold a princess or a court of princesses; was was not lined with the finest leather from England, or decorated with the most splendid gold from Spain. It was built simply to be pulled by a horse: with a strong back and broad shoulders and by one, who had the determination and will to pull it. This was just a trouble-free horse-cart, used to carry ice in the summertime.
  Small silver bells were hung off the sides of the running boards in the summertime, to notify all within ear shod, that the ice-wagon was approaching. The wagons' bells would ring in the children's ears, and all would come running for the free ice that, Mr. Beamer would hand out, as they passed by. This would cool off the children's lemonade, and help quench everyone’s dire thirst on a hot summer day. 
  Charlie always found so much happiness in his work while delivering the ice because he would, get to say fond hello’s to all the children in town. 
  Charlie had other jobs during the year, but the one he liked most of all was pulling Mr. Beamers other wagon; the one he would use for sleigh-rides in the winter, and hay rides in the summer. 
  Charlie was so fortunate because tonight was the annual, “Harvest Moon Hay Ride”. It was the second full moon of the month (a blue moon), so this would be one of the most special rides of all. 
  Mr. Beamer and Louis arrived at Mr. Beamer’s barn that afternoon around four o’clock and began to get Charlie's wagon ready for the night's ride ahead. The wagon (which was lined with hay up to the very tops of the sideboards) was wide open in the back with plenty of room, so all the children that were coming that night would fit in comfortably. 
  Charlie was dressed for the evening’s ride in: delightful dark green and red coverings for his forelegs and hindquarters, and a new bright red blanket was laid upon Charlie's back to keep him warm; in case a cool autumn wind should blow in from the north. Louis placed a few small beautiful blue ribbons around Charlie’s neck, and attached a few shiny new red ribbons on the top of his green, well-worn straw hat. Charlie looked just splendid and very handsome in his dressage for the evening. 
  Two large gas-lamps were attached to the front and rear of Charlie's wagon, to help light the road (ahead and behind) during the ride. In addition, a large cowbell was attached to the front buckboard at the top, so Mr. Beamer could announce the arrival of the wagon, with all the happy participants inside, as they were being driven though the countryside that night. 
  Miss Harriet the old milking-cow decided she did not want to miss out on all the fun, and thought that she had been spending way too much time lately alone in the barn, so she accepted an invitation from Louis, (from earlier in the day) and was willingly tied, to the rear of the wagon. She wanted to stroll along with Charlie, so she would be able to hear all the festive songs that surely would be sung that night by the children and Mr. Beamer. Nevertheless especially, she wanted to hear Mr. Beamer sing, because he had one of the most striking and richest voices, that old Harriet had ever heard before.
  Charlie was all hooked up to the wagon, and standing in the front yard of Mr. Beamer’s barn at about seven o'clock, when all the children finally started to show up, for the nighttime ride. 
  Stuttering-Sammy climbed into the back of the wagon with Mildred Walters, Tessie Whitman, Chug Martin, and Short-Stack. Jay, Becky, and Cindy from the ballpark showed up as well, quickly they climbed into the back as well, to make themselves as comfortable and as warm as they could, by covering themselves with thick, heavy blankets, and extra layers of hay. 
  Hattie May came down from her farmhouse and climbed into the front of the wagon, finding a perch on the front buckboard, on one side, right next to where Mr. Beamer was going to be sitting soon. She drew a small white shawl up closer around her neck and tighter across her shoulders, then pulled on her woolen mittens and white cotton hat, to help fight off the autumn chill, that started to fill the cool night. 
    “Good evening Mr. Beamer,” she said as she slowly climbed aboard. 
    “Good evening to you as well Hattie May, and what a pleasant night it’s going to be for a ride” said Mr. Beamer as he extended an open hand. 
  Short-Stack had lathered on a little too much heat-balm before he left his parent's house that evening, so Mr. Beamer made him sit way in the back of the wagon, because the smell was just too awful. 
    “Short-Stack, why do you put so much of that stuff on all the time?” asked Tessie as she held her nose and made a facial expression of utter disgust. Mildred and Cindy joined in as well, all holding their noses to the embarrassment of Short-Stack. 
    “Hey, all great athletes use this stuff. I gotta do what they do, if I want to get into the big leagues,” he said with a look on his face that confessed of his distaste for the whole conversation. 
    “Someday you'll be watching me play at Wrigley field instead at old man Hicks cornfield. You just watch,” said Short-Stack as he wistfully looked out over the back of the wagon to imagine the whole thing is his mind. Now he knew how Louis felt, when he gets, picked on all the time.­­­­­­
    “Yeah you bet Short-Stack. Do they need any “short kids”, in the big leagues?”
    “Oh, yeah...well, I’m gonna make it. You just watch what happens to me … ah...someday...er...being short…or…not.”
    “I don’t think so Marty...ah... I mean Short-Stack,” said Tessie.
    “Me either” said Becky.
    “Ah girls, they don’t know anything. All I need is a new glove and maybe a new bat…you’ll see.”
    “Maybe Santa will bring you that for Christmas this year,” said Charlie. 
    “Yeah, I sure hope so, and if he does, I guarantee I won’t strike out once in next year’s championship game, you just watch.”
    “Ok we’ll be watching you next year Short-Stack. Let’s see,” said Becky.
    “Kids…kids…it's time to settle in and be good to each other…where going on a nice hay-ride here…remember” said Mr. Beamer as he admonished all.
  Kids will be kids, he thought to himself. 
  The party settled into the wagon for the evening with Charlie out front willingly pulling all along. The wagon slowly started to amble away from the front of Mr. Beamer's barn, through the two open front wooden gates, down along the open road and out into the pleasant valley below. 
  The night air was calm and a little damp. Although it was, still a lovely fall early evening that was just a perfect setting for a seasonal hayride.  
  Short-Stack and the girls made up after Tessie handed Short-Stack a cup of hot apple-cider.
    “No hard feelings Short-Stack?”
    “Nah you’re alright Tessie…no hard feelings…at all.”
    “I promise not to be so mean in the future. I just sometimes like to cause problems…sorry…OK.”
    “Please just keep the apple-cider, and snacks coming, and we’ll be best friends, for the rest of the night?”
    “Oh…Short-Stack!”
    “Aw…just kidding.”
  As the nighttime softly fell and the hours passed by, a light blue fog slowly blew from the north: which hung over the distant rolling hills. Night birds were speaking in low voices to each other, as a beautiful full Harvest Moon began to rise out of the eastern sky. 
  The path through the western part of town was smooth and held pleasant views of the: local farms, cornfields and pastures, and you could see the town’s large water tower and train station way off, on a distance low-lying hill. Both the water tower and train station appeared as sentinels or guardians of the city; with the large white letters on the side of the water tank, “Centerville”, clearly visible; in the glow of the evening’s orange moon. 
  There is always a particular feeling one gets when you see the earth’s natural delights in its brilliance and magnificence. The moon-filled night was as orange and radiant as you could ever imagine. The lingering soft clouds were a pale white and gray, and seemed to surround the moon; the way a wooden frame encircles a familiar family picture, hanging above a glowing fireplace. 
  The gas-lamps lit the way for the lighthearted passengers. This threw a faint yellow pale over the ground, in the front and rear of the wagon, as it sauntered and moseyed along down the old earthen road. The feelings of everyone present was that of seeing an old lost friend for the first time, in a long time, and knowing that your friendship, had not diminished or lessened, since the last time you had embraced. 
  Joy and a feeling of belonging filled everyone’s heart.  
  The spattering of evening clouds gently parted as all gazed upward to look upon the luminous and very full “Old Orange Moon”, which hung lazily in the country-sky above. A few lone-stars twinkled in the blackened sky, like tiny silver sparkle-caps shinning off the top-water of a calmed and tranquil sea. 
  Songs were sung on the hayride that was fitting, for the occasion and for the mood of the evening. Each child's voice rang in and sang along, as Mr. Beamer took the lead, singing skillfully out loud over-the-top, of all their voices. A few other joyous songs and witty tall-tales were told and sung, late into the moonlit night, by Mr. Beamer (as only, he was known to do) until the party grew weary. 
  All of the children finally fell fast asleep.
  The eleven o'clock hour was about to close in on them so Charlie, with the prodding of Mr. Beamer on the reins, slowly turned around at the outskirts of town, at a crossroad, and started to head back up the path, towards the barn. 
  Louis was in the front seat of the wagon with a sleeping Muncy strewn over his lap, and was about to fall fast asleep himself, leaning against Mr. Beamers’ shoulder, when Mr. Beamer turned to face Louis. He thoughtfully spoke to him in a soft, low impassioned voice so no one else could hear him. 
    “You know Louis I’ve wanted to talk to you for the longest time about your father, Captain Jeremy Parks, and what kind of man he was, and I wanted to talk to you also…about...your future.” 
    “You knew my dad, Mr. Beamer?”
    “Yes, I knew him very well Louis.”
    “Was my father a good man?”
    “Yes, of course he was, and he was very brave…”
    “Was he handsome, and did he look like me?”
    “He was very handsome. Did you know Louis that he has your exact same color of blue eyes, and bright red hair?”
  Louis smiled upon looking up at the glowing orange moon, hanging high above them: admiring in its beauty.
    “I know you miss him more than ever as every day goes by…that you don't see him. You know Louis, I knew your father long before you were born. He was a good and very kindhearted man. He had made many friends here in town before he departed on his long trip overseas, so many years ago. I worked with him on his farm long before, I had gone off on all those adventures that I have shared with you, and the rest of the kids in the past on my back porch. You were only five or six years old when your father left. So I know you cannot really remember too much about him, but you should know; that he was called off to duty by the president a few years ago, to help defend our country from some very bad people, and that he very bravely answered his countries calling. He is a true hero Louis. Did you know that?”                
    “I didn’t know that Mr. Beamer…really he was a hero…?”
    “Yes, and he is also...the very bravest of men.”
    “I hope I can be as brave as him someday Mr. Beamer?”
    “You will Louis. You will be as brave as he was, and still might be. It runs in your family. You’ll see soon enough.” 
 Louis looked sleepily up at Mr. Beamer, nodding in affirmation that he heard all that he was saying. Louis pulled the warm cotton blanket further up over his lap and Muncy's, and then looked deeply into Mr. Beamer’s eyes as Mr. Beamer continued to speak.
    “Your father sent letters over the years to Hattie May, you, and me from time to time, but then as the days kept passing by the letters arrived with less regularity, and then finally we just never heard from...your father again. You understand…there was a war…and all...don’t you Louis.
    “Yeah, I had read about the war when I was younger, but I’m afraid I’m still a little too young to understand it all.” 
    “You are correct Louis you are still a little too young to understand it.”
  Louis yawned again.
    “Your father told me, before he went off on his journey to make sure that I watched out for Hattie May, and especially you Louis. Louis, I just want you to know I love you like my own son and always will, and that your mother may as well be, a sister to Abigail and me. Mrs. Beamer and I care about you so much.”
    “Thank you very much Mr. Beamer. You and Abigail are my best friends, just like Charlie is.”
    “One other thing you need to know Louis…about your future.”
    “Yes Mr. Beamer.”
    “You will hold the future happiness of a great deal of people in your hands when you grow up.
    “I will? What do you mean Mr. Beamer?”
    “I mean that Louis, you Louis “will be called upon”. A great quest is in your future. Someday you will do great things in your life that are more than you could possibly dream about…it has been “foretold”.”
    “What are you talking about Mr. Beamer? It has been “foretold”. I am only Louis, a small boy who lives in Centerville. What could I possibly have to do that is so important?”
    “Louis the daydreams and visions you are having are…a foretelling of your future. You see things that no one else sees. Your dreams are of the future.
    “What Mr. Beamer. I don’t understand...” 
     “One day Louis, you will. You will understand what I am telling you. It will all become clear. As for now that is all you need to know. There is a reason that I have been sent here, as was Charlie, and some of your other friends. We are all here to help you on your “life’s quest”.”
  Mr. Beamer gazed up at the big orange moon for a moment to ponder over Louis’s future.
  Louis yawned once again, as he fought off sleep. 
  Mr. Beamer gave a soft tug on Charlie’s reins.
    “Yes Louis, you are “destined for greatness” said Charlie as he turned to look in Louis’s sleepy eyes.
  Louis nodded to Mr. Beamer that he understood. He then looked forward to see a smiling Charlie looking backwards. 
    “Yes Mr. Beamer Louis is here for us both. And Louis “you will” do great things in the future”
    “Yes he will, Charlie. He certainly will...”
  Little Louis closed his eyes for the last time of the evening.
  He quickly fell into a deep and somnolent sleep in the front seat of the wagon, while leaning on Mr. Beamer's comforting shoulder. Mr. Beamer once again gave a slight tug on Charlie's leather reins. He looked straight ahead, as he softly whistled a little bit of that “Old Orange Moon” again.
  Hattie May was asleep on the other side of Mr. Beamer while Janie Parker, Mildred Waters, Tessie, Molly, and the rest of the children were still all asleep in the back of the wagon.
  The nighttime darkness and dampness drew in upon them, as the eleven o'clock hour approached. 
  The children in the back of the wagon had pulled a few warm knitted quilts over them, to ward of the fall chill in the air, and looked just as comfortable as a gaggle of baby ducklings, slumbering under their mothers, loving outstretched wings. 
  The night's adventure was winding down to a close as the wagon quietly rambled along, down the sleepy country-road. Mr. Beamer rang a small bell to announce their arrival in front of each, and every child's home, and then with a tender pull of the leather reins, the wagon would come to a gentle stop. 
  The children were carefully handed to each loving parent’s waiting arms, fast asleep and deep in their own dreams of: old orange moons, twinkling far-off stars, misty covered hills and joyous dreams, of what the impending holiday season, would soon bring to them all. 
  The “Old Orange Moon” slunk back into the grasp of the pale clouds as they slowly drifted by. The blue fogs, that had taken shelter earlier in the night under the canopy of a nearby forest of pine trees, reemerged from their slumber and engulfed the dozing valley, around them. By the end of the evening's hayride, all were found to be, content and happy. 
  Louis once again began his nightly tussle with his dreams and visions. Only this night he dreamed of the day, that his father would return safely to him. 









~Chapter 6~
The County Fair 

  Summer had turned to fall and the days were now, getting noticeable shorter, and the nights more brisk and cooler, as autumn fell upon Centerville. The bright blue morning sky above was brimming full of white fluffy clouds, which floated by overhead in a sluggish but determined manner; as if fresh spring water might piddle over a sleepy rock bed below. The clouds in the skies this day were large white billows that held secrets and strange otherworldly figures in them, to anyone who would take the time to unravel their mysteries. 
  Laying on your back in a field of Zinnias', Peony's' or wild green-grasses this day would surely bring all the ghostly figures, into their full mysterious form, with a little imagination. 
  Flocks of migratory birds were spotted taking flight toward the south, high above the barren birch and pine trees, in their yearly dance with the earth's changing of the seasons.
  Nevertheless, something stirred in the air this day that had not been felt around these parts for many years. All manner of townsfolk were excited because the county fair was soon coming to town. 
  In years past, the county fair was; mostly held in Delaware, Muncy, Evansville, Hendricks, or Marion Counties. What a delight to have the county fair this year in Centerville.
  There would be: performing clowns dressed in elaborate costumes handing out multi-colored balloons, elephants displayed in all their grandeur, parading up and down main-street, dangerous tigers and lions to be seen, and every type of game and ride imaginable for the young children. There would be pie-eating contests, hotdogs-on-a-stick, family barbecues, three-legged-races, kissing-booths, and colorful fair-barkers. 
  A row of large cloth tents would soon be assembled in the heart of town that would, appear to reach to the clouds in the sky above. There would be a hustle and bustle from the fair's workers running back and forth, as they prepared the grand stages for the fair's world famous performers. There would be dancers, singers, and all types of elaborate shows. 
  Louis and the rest of his friends could not hide their excitement for the county fair, and had looked forward to it coming to town all year long. School was out now for the fall break, and everyone was waiting to see the great Ferris wheel that they had all read about earlier, in the “Centerville Gazette”. 
  The Ferris wheel was supposed to be larger and even more dangerous than ever. This year it was going to be over three stories high, and faster than a roller coaster. 
  Molly would most likely try to get Louis on the Ferris wheel ride alone with her, so she could spend a more time with him. She always thought that Ferris rides were very romantic, as did most country-folk who were in love. 
  She tried at the last county fair to kiss Louis on the cheek but she never got a chance. Louis had stayed away from her as much as he could that year. Louis knew she was after him this year with those big ruby red lips of hers, so he had sought out the help from his friends (on the baseball team) to run interference for him. 
  Not one kiss on the cheek did Louis get that year from Molly (and hopefully none this year), and man was he ever so happy.
  Molly came up with a different plan this year. She was going to be setting up a kissing-booth right next door to where the, hotdog eating contest was to be held. She thought Louis would most likely visit that booth at some time during the fair and he would be sure to see her booth, and drop by for a big kiss on the cheek.
  Molly had bought extra lipstick down at the Five and Dime (owned by, Tessie Whitman's' father) and spent the entire night after she bought it, just standing their admiring herself in front of the mirror in her bedroom. 
    “I have never looked so grown up. Louis will think I'm so...ooo…mature, he's just bound to fall for me”, she said repeatedly to herself. 
  This year she bought the most desirable new shade of red “Crimson Passion”.
  Finally, one clear and beautiful day, the caravan of the Fair's wagons and trucks rolled into town, right down main-street. It was in the middle of the day when the grand pageant started. Everyone in town stopped working for the day. All townsfolk came out of their farms and offices, to see the striking spectacle as it passed by. 
  There were wild elephants trumpeting loudly in the air, with their trunks held high over their heads. The courageous lions rolled by on flatbed wagons being held captive inside huge cages, so as not to scare anyone, more than they already were, at the site of such dangerous animals. Joyous and frantic clowns were all running to-and-fro around the streets, passing out colored balloons to the children, performing fantastic cartwheels and fine magic tricks. 
  The Fair Barker held a huge wooden megaphone up to his mouth yelling out, loud and clear for everyone in the streets to hear, announcing that the fair had finally arrived, and that everyone should be sure not to miss it this year. 
    “Ladies and gentlemen, behold the ferocious lions! Do not stand too close to the cages because the animals have not been fed today! Look at those elephants! Wild beast I tell you…deep from the heart of Africa…!” bellowed out The Barker in his deep and very rich voice.
  Charlie was out plowing one of Mr. Beamer's cornfields when he had heard from Mrs. Beamer (who was hanging laundry out to dry nearby) that the county fair had arrived in the late morning, downtown. Charlie quickly finished his chores that morning and galloped straight over to main-street, where all the tents were being set up. 
  Charlie just had to volunteer. 
  He helped anywhere he could that day. He lent a hand with the set-up of the fairs' main-tent by doing, all the heavy lifting of the poles that steadied it. Charlie then volunteered again to help haul supplies, to all the other locations around town, where each wooden booth, was being built. 
  Each year the county fair came to town, Charlie had a lot of work to do and he just loved it.
  Only during the summertime, did Charlie have any other real work to do, delivering the ice from Mr. Beamers ice-house and maybe plowing a field or two, so this extra work made him proud to be a part of things and to feel needed again. 
  During the late fall and winter Charlie always got so bored and lonely staying in Mr. Beamer’s barn, day and night trying to keep warm. He always felt that when the fair came to town it was just there for him alone, so he could help everyone out; and be needed again.
  Some of Louis's friends all showed up early to watch: the unloading of the animals, eat a few hotdogs and try to get a few free rides on the Ferris wheel; before the rest of crowd showed up, in a day or so, for the grand opening.
  Louis was in Mr. Beamer's barn and had been there all morning. Louis wanted to finish reading a few books that Mr. Beamer had given him over the fall vacation. Mr. Beamer gave him books about the North Pole and Santa Claus. He gave Louis books about the cycles of the moon and stars, and about old ancient cave-bears, Indian chiefs/ Medicine-Men, and books about great pirate ships and books even about ancient Egypt. 
  However, Louis knew the fair was in town now and that he would now have no more time for reading. He would absolutely be there when the opening shot of the Fair's grand cannon was fired, to signal that the fair had officially begun. However, he especially wanted to meet, “Jupiter the Show Horse”.


















~Chapter 7~
Jupiter the Show Horse

  As the daily morning chores were being finished by most of the children in town the conversations abounding, returned to the extravaganza that was about to unfold in Centerville today. After all, today was the opening day of the county fair. 
  Mrs. Hattie May had cooked up the finest apple pies for the pie contest, and Mr. Beamer had his best milking-cows ready to be shown, to the fair judges in the big contest of the day. That fine first-place blue ribbon was his for the taking this year, after all he had won two blue ribbons at the last county fair, and was sure to win a few more at this year's. 
  Molly had built her kissing-both the day earlier with the help of Turk, and wore her finest dress so that she would surely catch Louis’s eye today.
  However, most importantly of all, “Jupiter the Show Horse”, was finally in town.
  Charlie, Chug, and Louis mostly wanted to see, Jupiter the Show Horse and his loyal friend Apollo. Jupiter was the fastest racehorse in the mid-west this year and everyone was very excited at a chance to see him run, at the premier race of the day...“The Gazette Stakes”. 
  It would be the highest “stakes-race” of the year and be the finale race, of the county circuit with a grand purse for the winner, of five-thousand dollars, and the winner was to take all. 
  Apollo was Jupiter's trusted friend, and traveled with Jupiter (wherever he went) to keep him company, and to watch out for him, in case of trouble. 
  Charlie had seen posters of Jupiter and Apollo that Louis had brought to the barn (a few months back), and Charlie would spend hours peering at them in pure amazement. The lifestyle of a racehorse was so inspiring and far-reaching to Charlie, that he could only imagine it in his wildest dreams. The fan respect and joy, over a well-fought victory, and the cameras with all the flashbulbs going off, as he crossed the finish line. 
  It must be pure magic. 
  The victorious horse; would then be paraded in the winner's circle. They would: adorn him with a fresh, lovely wreath of flowers, and then of course the big blue ribbon for the winner. Oh, the pageantry of it all thought Charlie.
  Charlie was a simple, friendly, and kind barnyard horse who delivered the ice to the townsfolk. There was nothing more and nothing less. There were no flashbulbs at the end of his day, no flowered wreaths that hung from his neck, and no flattery given to him, in a winner's circle. Still Charlie had a heart-of-hearts, and a kindness about him that was like no other horse on earth. 
  All children and animals were his friends.
  This was seemly (and almost) enough for Charlie. 
  Nevertheless, way in the back of Charlie's mind: he dreamed of being a famous racehorse just like, Jupiter or Apollo, or someday even taking over for Rudolf the Red Nosed Reindeer. Should he ever retire, of course? Just as Mr. Beamer had said he would do; in that story he once told on his back porch. Maybe all that daydreaming he had seen Louis indulge in, had finally rubbed off on him after all. 
  Louis helped Mr. Beamer with hitching up the wagon, the day of the fair in the morning, after a breakfast of scrambled eggs, biscuits, and gravy expertly prepared by Hattie May. 
  Growlin-Harry dropped by with Short-Stack, to get a ride into town for the big fair and race today. Mr. Beamer took some of Mrs. Beamers’ fresh baked pies off the kitchen windowsill (that had been baked that morning), and brought them along, to enter into the pie contest. He tied up a few of his prized cows to the rear of the hay-wagon, got Charlie all laced into his bridle, and tied him into the wagon, for the journey into town. Louis, Growlin-Harry and Short-Stack all jumped onto the front jump-board and off they all went, to enjoy a long, fun day at the fair. 
  The wagon ambled along the earthen pathway towards town. As they rode in the wagon around the last hill and down into town, they could finally see the Fair's large cloth tents coming into view. The fair was finally now in plain sight and seemed to all, to be larger than life itself. 
  There it was, the enormous Ferris wheel! 
  It was spinning around and around, with lights flashing on it, and all could hear children's screams of pure delight. There were assembled in the center of the fair, a large red and white tent with blue banners flying high, on the tops of flagpoles. There were brightly colored balloons tied to the tents and floating way up in the air, and you could see all types of wild animals locked in their cages.
  There were tables spread full of pies, and cakes, with blue ribbons on them. There was a watermelon contest under way and the three legged race was about to start, out back by one of the fairs booth. People were walking about with candy-canes in hand, drinking lemonade, and eating fresh cooked hotdogs. 
  You could see Hot-Tamale Molly’s kissing-booth; but it was not getting much business yet, because the day was still young. The kissing-booth in reality was slow because, Molly had put on so much “Crimson Passion” red lipstick that morning that it just scared away most of the people at the fair that day. 
  Upon arrival and after Louis and Mr. Beamer, unhitched the wagon from Charlie and safely stored it away behind one of the side tents, Growlin-Harry and Short-Stack went straightaway for the big Ferris wheel; and were not seen again for most of the day. They must have ridden the Ferris wheel twenty times that day until they finally had ran out money, or were just too dizzy to take another ride. 
  Mr. Beamer headed over to the pie booth to drop off Mrs. Beamer's prized pies, then unhitched his esteemed milking-cows from the back of the wagon, and then went straight over towards the animal “Show Tents”.
  Louis and Charlie headed straight past the big Ferris wheel as fast as they could travel, down to the county fair stables to see, “Jupiter the Show Horse””. Charlie was just so excited he could hardly contain himself. 
    “Louis, do you think Jupiter's a friendly horse?” asked Charlie as he hurried along.
    “I sure hope so Charlie. But I’ve heard he’s not...” 
    “Do you think Jupiter will talk with us for a while, and tell us all about the horse races he's won all over the state, and about all the places he's traveled to?”
    “I sure hope so. I’ve got so many questions for him as well.”
    “What about Apollo? Do you think he will be kind as well or just stuck up like most racehorses are?” asked Charlie with even more passion in his voice.
    “Charlie, slow down…take it easy,” said Louis. 
    “Well it’s hard to do. I mean this is Jupiter were talking about here.”
    “Charlie I can only answer one question at a time, and you know I have heard that Jupiter and Apollo both are really…not too friendly…that they are really kind of snobs…and that they don't just talk to anyone”, said Louis as he pulled Charlie by the tail, tagging right along behind him.
    “Well we’ll find out…I guess soon enough Louis.”
  Just as Charlie and Louis entered the fair's horse stables, and peaked around the last big tent...there he was…Jupiter the Show Horse! 
  He was everything that Louis and Charlie had read about in the local newspapers. 
   What a magnificent animal, thought Charlie as he first caught sight of him trotting around the horse ring.
  Jupiter's hair was as black as coal or a darkened moonless sky, and his well-trimmed mane of hair was thick, and full, and trailed almost down to the ground. He had very broad chiseled shoulders, and extremely muscular hind legs that were firm and steady. He carried himself like a well-trained athlete, as he trotted about around the horse ring. 
  All eyes were spell bound on him in complete amazement. 
  His trot was in very slow circles to make sure that everyone had equal time to gaze upon him. Jupiter was sure-footed, steady and found to be full of pride. He wore a dark red bridal and a small red riding-saddle that shone brightly in contrast to his black glistening mane of hair. He would catapult himself with his hind legs high up into the air, and kick backwards with his legs just to show off, to the other horses in the nearby stables; that he was not to be taken lightly, in the “big race” today…or any other time for that matter.
  Jupiter had been brought down from The Indianapolis state-fair where he: took first-place a few weeks back, and had won the coveted blue ribbon, and all of the prize money that goes to the victor. He had won every major race this year that he had entered on the county and state circuits, and was shattering records, at every track he ran. Jupiter even won a match-race in Evansville earlier that year against Apollo…who was also a great racehorse. 
  Jupiter beat Apollo so badly in that race that, from that day on Apollo just wanted to be Jupiter's friend and life-long protector. 
  Apollo never had the courage to race again after that terrible defeat. He felt he had been bested by the best, and there would be no need to try to prove himself ever again. He was a “broken horse” from that day on. 
  His life's work now was that of a king's pawn or a second to a prince. Apollo became a loyal friend to Jupiter from that day on, and Jupiter in return became Apollo's best friend. 
  Apollo was almost as stately in stature as Jupiter but he was a tad shorter and smaller in frame, but in his own right, he was every bit as handsome as Jupiter.
    “He must come from a great family of horses”, said Charlie as he nudged up to the rings wooden rails, to get a closer look at Jupiter.
    “You know, he must come from a line of kings. Just look at that trot Charlie.” said Louis with just as much feeling in his voice as Charlie had.
  Tuning to his left Louis spotted Chug coming from the boxcar races. Chug was smiling from ear-to-ear upon seeing his friends, Louis and Charlie. 
    “Wow! Look at that horse. Is that Jupiter?” asked Chug as he jumped up on the wooden rail next to Charlie. 
    “Yep, look at him Chug. Is that the strongest and most beautiful looking horse you have ever seen in your whole life, or what?” inquired Louis. 
    “Do you think we could ride him?” asked Chug. 
    “I don’t think so. The only time he lets someone ride him, is when there are blue ribbons, cameras and flash-bulbs at the finish line.”
    “Everyone knows famous racehorses don’t pull ice-wagons or hay-carts,” said Charlie with a faint disappointment, starting to ring in his voice.
    “Oh, Charlie, don’t take it so hard. You are a working-horse, a common carthorse and that is a famous racehorse. You cannot compare yourself to him. You will only be disappointed in yourself. However, someday Charlie with luck on your side, you will be more famous than any old racehorse. You just mark your time,” said Louis who was now trying to comfort his best friend.
    “Just look at me Louis.  I have big overgrown hooves, a sway-back, am very old, and a little bit clumsy.”
    “Aw…Charlie…don’t you remember you were famous once a long time ago and built all those cities and scared off all those wolfs. Remember the stories you told me?”
     “I just don’t know Louis. I can’t seem to remember much of anything right now.”
  Charlie just could not be cheered up at the site of such a magnificent horse and all the great horse races he gets to run in, the wonderful sites he gets to see around the state, and all the worship and love given to him. 
  Charlie now moved over closer to the rail, to see if Jupiter would say hi to him. When Charlie was in Jupiter's line of vision Jupiter looked intently at Charlie for a moment, then quickly turned and darted off, into the farthest corner of the horse ring. 
  A few moments later Jupiter came trotting by again. Charlie called out, “Hi! My name is Charlie and I deliver the ice for everyone here in town! I live right here in Centerville and have waited to meet you all year! Do you think we could be friends?” 
  Jupiter trotted closer to the rail, stopped, gave Charlie a quick look over then said in a snobbish and very mean tone, “I don't think I could be friends with…a...a simple cart-horse. How would that make me look in front of all of my friends? I would be the laughing stock of the horse racing circuit. How could you even suggest such a thing?” said Jupiter with a smug look now appearing on his face. 
    “No, we would be great friends. You’ve got it all wrong,” said Charlie with longing in his eyes. 
  Jupiter turned up his nose higher in the air as Charlie spoke up again.
    “No, you've got it wrong. You could go with me: on hayrides someday, help deliver the ice in the summertime, and maybe even help me with a barn raising or two. It sure would be nice to have a new best friend,” said Charlie as he started to feel that this was not such a good idea to try, and be friends with a horse so superior to himself. 
    “I'm sorry but I just can't be your friend. Look at Apollo over there. He is the kind of friend I have. All my friends are just as famous as I am. But I’ll tell you what, why don't you come over and watch me run today in the “great race”?” 
    “I would love to Jupiter.”
    “You can help them place the blue ribbon on me, in the winner's circle,” said Jupiter in a half-joking and not too friendly tone. 
  Charlie thought that would be a great idea. He really did not understand that Jupiter was just mocking, and making fun of him.
  Jupiter planted his big hind hooves deep into the ground below then rose up his entire body to its full length. He then went about showing Charlie what a mighty jump he had. Jupiter must have jumped ten feet up into the air, kicking his legs out once, and then landing with a loud thud. This threw out a vast cloud of dust and dirt that covered Charlie all over, from head-to-toe.     
  Charlie coughed a bit of dust up and tried to clear his throat to speak again but he never got a chance. Jupiter bounded away from Charlie, speeding off towards Apollo...not looking back...even once. 
  Charlie slowly hung his head down, and appeared to be very disheartened and sad by all that had just happened with Jupiter. Louis seeing all that was going on knew he had to do something to cheer up his Charlie; and he had to do something fast.
  Louis walked up to Charlie, placed his hands on Charlie's forelock between his ears, rubbed the top of his head, then gently hugged him around his neck.
    “Charlie do you remember that one horse race, you did run in?”
    “What horserace? Louis I never ran in any horserace, not in my entire life.”
Louis then said with a big smile on his face, “You know the “Porterhouse-Stakes”! You won that big race once.” 
  Charlie gave Louis a grand smile back, and started laughing right along with Louis. 
    “Louis, you're the best! You’re simply the best friend ever!”
    “Why thank you Charlie.”
    “You're right Louis. I should not judge myself against those fancy racehorses. I know that I am just a simple carthorse. I do not want to run in no great races anyhow. I already won one great race; remember the “Porterhouse-Stakes”.
  Charlie and Louis both started to laugh again. 
  Louis and Charlie with Chug trailing behind walked as fast as they could away from the horse ring and stables, heading directly over to where the starting line was, so they would not miss the “big-race” of the day, “The Gazette Stakes”.
  Charlie turned back toward the horse ring to take one last look at Jupiter before the start of the great race. Just then, Apollo came bolting back into the horse ring through the far gates, and sidled up next to Jupiter. Both horses shared a friendly hello and trotted a few more laps around for everyone to admire them once again then they headed off in the direction of their trainers, with not even a glance backwards towards, Charlie or any of his friends. 


  Jay, Cindy, and Becky, all showed up a little late to the fair that day, but all made their way over to Molly's kissing both. Everyone wanted to see if Molly would give Louis the “big kiss” she had been trying for, since the hayride. 
  All the boys in town were afraid of Molly and those big red lips of hers. Sammy-the-Stutterer and Jay felt so sorry for Molly seeing her at her booth with no one there, so they both bought a few kisses on the cheek, just to make Molly feel a little better. 
  Later in the day Sammy came back again by the kissing-booth, and still no one was there (so being the good friend he was with Molly) he bought even a few kisses on the cheek. By the time, the day was over poor Sammy looked like he had come down with chicken-pocks or, even something much worse. 
  Red lipstick splattered everywhere. 
  Lipstick and rouge all over unfortunate Sammy’s face. 
  Chug and Louis had seen Sammy around by the Ferris wheel and just could not help themselves. 
    “Sammy, you look like you’re coming down with something. You better get over to Doc Wellman’s place before you spread what you’ve got…to everyone.”
    “Awe, come on Louis if you had any feelings for Molly, you would get over there and pitch in a little bit”, said Sammy as he wiped some of the red lipstick off one of his cheeks. 
    “No way... and... no how…Sammy.” 
    “Why the heck not...Louis?”
    “She's been chasing me for months and months, with those big red lips just flapping in the wind. The only time I will allow her to catch me, and give me a kiss is the day “horses fly”” said Louis while making a playful face at Sammy.
    “Yeah well someday horses might fly, then what are you gonna do Louis?”
    “I’ll worry about that day when it comes. And don’t forget again to, go see the Doc.”
  Hattie May and Mrs. Beamer sold most of the apple-pies that they had baked by the late morning, and everyone agreed that these were the best pies they had, or ever entered in the pie contest. All the women in town asked them repeatedly, if they could have the new recipes, so they could bake a few pies for their husbands at home.
  Mr. Beamer placed only second this year with his prized cows in “The Show Competition” but he did get a big red ribbon (that he was most proud of), and he showed it off to everyone that he saw that day. 
  Mr. Beamer started on with his old stories from last year: how he won the blue ribbon, and how this time the judges must have made an honest mistake. How could they have not chosen his cows for first-place this year? There surely must have been a mistake made, he kept telling everyone. 
  All and all the fair was a big success this year, and everyone was having a wonderful time. 
  Then again, the best thing of all today, was that…“The Great Race”…was…about to begin!
































~Chapter 8~
Black Jack Tilley
 
  Charlie ambled back over to his wagon, by far from Louis and Chug, and was not feeling very well, over his recent encounter with Jupiter. Charlie had waited all year to meet Jupiter, and make a new best friend, and now this. Charlie thought aloud to himself repeatedly, “How can Jupiter not want to be friends with me?” 
  Charlie thought that everyone liked him because he is so gentle, kind and hard working. He had never experienced anything like that before and he just could not make a rhyme or reason, out of the whole situation.
  Back at the fair's horse ring Chug and Louis were having the time of their young lives, and had completely forgotten all about Charlie and Jupiter. And what they had just witnessed. Of course, it was because there were so excited about the upcoming “Gazette Stakes”. 
  Who could blame them?
  While standing by the horse ring watching Jupiter again Chug now noticed, three odd looking strangers standing on the other side of the fence, over by the horse stables. These, cagey fellows who appeared to be new in town, all looked very scary and dangerous and were surely up to no good. You could tell just by looking at them, that something was amiss, and not right with them. 
  All were dressed in black from the top of their heads to the bottom of their shoes, which seemed out of place for such a celebration. Each of the men was found to be short, pudgy in the middle, and mostly bald or balding. Each had on very large baggy black pants with a small, thin white stripe down each side, wore white dirty tee shirts with rolled up sleeves, and all wore very short-cropped hair as if a military-man might wear. It was as if they were all wearing some type of a strange and very odd uniform, which Chug had never seen before. And each uniform had been tailored and fixed so they would not look like a uniform. 
  The three strangers all had: tattoos stenciled on their large, hairy arms with various sayings and pictures that Chug could not understand or determine, what they meant, but he sure enough knew they could only hold, scary images or out of the ordinary faces. Whom these strangers were, or what they were saying to each other was unknown to Chug but they still, looked down right menacing and mean all the same.
  These men's arms were enormous and looked like they all had been doing push-ups their whole lives, or came from a life full of toil and labor. One of the fellows had a dark hooded sweatshirt on that hid his unshaven face, and the other two wore black skullcaps that looked a little frightening. By looking at them, you could hardly make out any real facial features other than the fact that all three of them were just, downright ugly. 
  There was just no way else to say it. 
  If all of the men had entered an ugly contest, it would have been a three-way tie for first-place. 
  Each one of the men every now and then looked around behind them or off in the distance, to see if anyone was looking at them. This made Chug even more fearful. Chug tapped on Louis's shoulder then pointed out the three loathsome fellows, and their out of the ordinary appearance.    
    “What do you make of that?” asked Chug as he pointed again, over in their direction. Louis leaned forward, squinted both of his eyes a bit to try and get a better look, and then became immediately alarmed. Louis thought they looked like the three escaped bank robbers he had seen pictures of, and had read about in the Centerfield Gazette, a few weeks back. 
  Louis after looking closer was now almost sure that those were the fellows, who had robbed the Marion county bank a few years ago, and had just broken out of the Saint Louis prison, with the help of a few friends. Louis told Chug about what he had read in the newspapers about the bank heist, and the brazen daytime jail break, then motioned to Chug that they should go closer to, where they were, to get a better look at them, and to see if they really were those escaped convicts that everyone was looking for. 
  Louis and Chug quietly made their way around to the other side of the horse stables at the far end of the horse ring. They came up closer behind the strangely uniformed men, while being sure to stay well out of view, so they would not be spotted, and have their company be known. They crouched down as low as they could; hiding behind the fair's main horse water trough, and again staying well out of sight, so as not to alarm the three little bald men. Louis was sure that those were, the bad fellows who robbed the Saint Louis bank. 
    “That's those banks robbers I tell ya!” cried out Louis, who was just flabbergasted at what he was seeing.” 
    “Ya, sure Louis?” asked Chug with some doubt in his voice. 
    “Yes, that's those guys! I recognize them from those photos in the Gazette. Mr. Beamer and Mrs. Beamer have been talking about that old bank heist and the jailbreak for a few weeks now. 
    “I never heard anything about it Louis.”
    “Well I sure did. I overheard em alright...then I read the article and saw the photos myself.”
    “Well then we need to get closer to em, to try and listen to what their saying Louis.”
    “Your darned right we need to.”
  Louis and Chug both leaned forward around the water trough even further and quieted down to try, and overhear what the three men were saying or listen to what foul plans they were making.
  The one man that held the most respect of the other two, and appeared to be the leader of all three was, “Black Jack Tilly” who was from Saint Louis. He was doing all the talking while the other two mostly listened and shook their heads in agreement, whenever they heard something mean and evil. 
  Black Jack had the hairiest forearms anyone had ever seen before. The scraggly black hair protruded out in all directions of the rolled up sleeves, of his tattered white tee shirt. Both of Black Jack's feet, which were covered by jackboots, seemed to be very large for a man so small, and he had an extremely large round rear end that, barely fit into his black baggy trousers. Black Jack must have weighed well-over three-hundred pounds, and was only about as tall, as Short-Stack. When he walked, he actually waddled like a baby duckling, but when he spoke, he had a very deep and unsettling voice, that would bring chills down your spine. 
  One of the other men was slightly taller than Black Jack Tilly; he was…“Rags Martin”…from Kansas City. He was more comical or funny looking than he was scary, once you got a closer look at him. He just kind of, had a strange and weird looking face on him. He had: a twin pair of the darkest, thickest, fuzzy black eyebrows you had ever seen before that made him look like, he was wearing a big pair of over-sized spectacles, or had two large caterpillars fighting each other on his face. Every time he raised his eyebrows in speech, or to call attention to a story, the eyebrows both crossed over each other and ended up in a big tangled mess. 
  The last of the three bad people was, “Cool Joe Biggs” from New Orleans. Now he looked like a nerve-racking fellow. He had just a terrible mouth full of broken teeth that gave him an awful and most ghastly smile. Cool Joe had miserable rotted, yellow, and missing teeth that were shocking and appalling to look at. You could see: one front tooth going off one way, a rear chipped tooth going off in another direction, one tooth was black on the side, three were dark yellow, one green and two were missing right in the center of his mouth. Then add in that fat pudgy nose that had been broken at least a dozen times from fist-fights, and was bent way over to the left side, and you can see this guy was…one sorry sight to see. 
    “What do you think we could git fer’ him?” asked Black Jack Tilley as he pointed at Jupiter.
    “At least one-thousand smackers and some pocket change”, said Rags as he began flipping his fingers repeatedly, as if he was counting the money from the sale right there. 
    “Come on now. We could git at least two-thousand fer him.” said Rags Martin as he gave Cool Joe what he thought was a good-natured punch in his arm. Cool Joe smiled then gave Rags a very mean and evil look, which about scared Rags to death. Cool Joe let Rags think for a moment that the punch he received wasn't good-natured at all, then raised two fists up in air in a threatening manner. 
    “Just kidding”, said Rags as he stepped back a few more paces to get away from Joe's reach, in case a roundhouse punch might be coming his way. 
    “Ha…Ha…got ya…Ha…Ha!” laughed Cool Joe, as he made sure to show Rags his awful teeth again.
  Cool Joe never said too much, but was always paying attention to the goings on of the other two, and just shook his head in agreement, at all that was being said as Black started up again, where he had left off before. 
  Black Jack was looking directly at Jupiter when he spoke. 
    “Well I'm gonna ask for two-thousand and were…ah…gonna to git it to. My friends, ole Big Sal Rossie, and her kid Squint-Eye Pete, and his boys down in Saint Louis…er…they will pay that much fer him. I just know it. Now you two listen up…very well like. We'll kidnap him and take him down to the Centerville train station tonight and then git him, on that…er…eleven o'clock train. Then git…him…er…down to Saint Louis and over to “Squint-Eye Pete”, so as he can get a good look at him. He'll know, fer sure how much he's...a...worth.”
     “Sounds good to me boss” said Rags
     “Yeah…sounds real good to me…too Black Jack,” said Cool Joe.
  Black Jack then started to laugh uncontrollably at the thought of so much money in his pockets, and of all the things, he could do with it. The other two started to laugh as well, right along with Black Jack until he slapped both of them in the back of their heads with his open hand to shut em up. 
    “Quite down you two numskulls, someone might hear us.”
    “Aw...ain’t anybody around...any-who boss.”
    “Yeah were…ah…all...alone.”
  Black Jack pulled his black cap down even lower over his head and turned to look around behind him again, to see if anyone was listening, or heard what they were saying. He noticed Louis and Chug out of the corner of one eye, crouching behind the water trough and immediately gave both of them a deathly stare. 
  Chug and Louis's hearts about jumped right out of their chest at the thought of being discovered by Black Jack. 
    “Hey…what-ya two…er…kids doin back there?” asked Black Jack in a menacing tone. 
  Both were so scared that they accidentally lunged forward and fell right on the ground, at Black Jack’s feet. 
    “We ain’t...er...ah...doing, doing…ah…nothin. We’re...a...just looking at Jupiter that’s all,” said a mumbling Chug.
    “Yeah…we’re…ah…er…only looking at…Jupiter…” chimed in Louis.
  Louis and Chug stumbled to get the words out in grief, now thinking that Black Jack had just caught them both spying. 
  The two boys slowly stood up and started to dust themselves off. 
    “What are yer names?” asked Rags.
    “Yeah what are yer mangy kids, names?” requested Black Jack.
    “Ah, he's Chug and my name is Louis”, said Louis while coughing a little bit from the dust. 
    “Are you two boys spying on us?” 
    “Nah, like I said…ah…mister...we were just looking at Jupiter. We ain't any spies and we didn’t hear anything about any…ole…horse napping. Not even one word” said Chug all the while just shaking in his shoes.
   Louis thought the jig was up. He quickly realized that Chug had just giving them up, and that Black Jack now knew their plans. However, Black Jack must not have heard what he had just said. 
    “That’s right you didn’t hear nothin. Good answer and keep it that-a way. I will remember you two fer sure. If you did hear anything, you better forgit about it, and git outta here right quick…or I’ll skin ya both alive!” said Black Jack as he raised a grimy forefinger, then moved it across his throat, to show both the boys that he really meant business. 
    “If I ever see ya two boys around here again, you’re-a going to git it! Now, get-a moving on”, said Black Jack again, but this time in an even more threatening tone.
    “Sure mister, we…hear…ya.”
    “Yeah, you…don’t have to tell us…ah…twice,” said Louis.
    “Git!” 
  Louis and Chug got especially scared after hearing that last threat from Black Jack and both took off running, just as far away from the fair's horse stables, Jupiter and the horse ring as they could get. Now they were more scared than ever, knowing that Black Jack knew whom they were, and had gotten a good look at them. 
    “Do you think he knows that we heard about the plan to steal Jupiter? 
    “I just ain’t so sure Chug.”
    “I couldn’t believe what I told him. How could I be so…stupid? I was just scared to death Louis?” 
    “I don't know Chug, I just don't know.”
    “Holy cow, did you hear those guys? Can you believe what Black Jack just said and…ah…ah…are planning to do with Jupiter?” asked Chug with another nervous stutter showing in his voice.
    “Man, we got lucky that they let us go.”
    “Yeah, they could have skinned us both a live right there. We gotta do somethin and…I mean quick”, said Chug who was still shaking all over. 
  Chug and Louis ran off at breakneck speed away from the horse ring as far as they could, not once ever glancing backwards. Both boys were finally completely exhausted, now slowed down, and stopped running, after they thought they were far enough away, and out of danger. 
  The state line would have been the best place to run to, but for now both boys found safety next to a wooden shed, behind the Ferris wheel. 
  After catching their breadth, Louis turned and spoke to Chug. 
    “We gotta do something Chug. Jupiter's in big trouble?”
    “I don't know what to do Louis, but we gotta think of something fast. Man this is no joke, they’re gonna kidnap Jupiter tonight. Wait…wait…I’ve got it! I know what to do Louis. Let's get a, hotdog over there,” said Chug as he pointed at a hot-dog-stand where a bunch of hotdogs was spinning, over a wood-fired grill. 
    “I always think better with a full stomach, and those hotdogs sure do look great. Can’t you smell em Louis? 
    “You’re always thinking about your stomach Chug.”
    “I can’t help it Louis, it’s just the way I was raised.”
    “Alright let’s go get one.”
    “One…how about four… Louis?”
  Both headed over to the hotdog stand, bought two hotdogs and lemonade then found a place to sit down on a nearby wooden crate, to talk about everything that had just become known.
  Full of nervous energy and now full of hotdogs and lemonade. 
  Louis and Chug were in quite a tight spot. They had a horrible caper to foil, and a shameful crime to halt. They both now agreed (after talking for a few minutes and thinking over the situation) that they had to go get some help, and that they could not possible solve this problem all by themselves. 
  Nevertheless, who would believe them, and whom could they turn to, to tell their story? 
  Meanwhile back at the horse ring Black Jack Tilly leaned over and gave Rags Martin and Cool Joe another hardhearted look.
    “We’ve just got out of prison, and we ain’t gettin caught, and we isn’t going back to jail again for a second time, see! If you and Cool Joe bumble your way through this-a one, and we git caught again, you're both sure gonna regret it. I gau-ran-tee it!” said Black Jack in that slow Saint Louis drawl of his. 
  Rags and Cool Joe both shook their heads in agreement that no screw-ups would happen this time around, while trying to kidnap Jupiter. And that this time everything would go just as smoothly as planned. 
Rags leaned over closer to Cool Joe and said with a sly look on his face, and slightly joking tone in his voice, “Caught again for the second time. How’s about being caught again…fer...the tenth time?”
  Upon saying this both Rags and Cool Joe, started laughing aloud which made Black Jack even more angry, and out-and-out bothered. Black Jack pulled off Rag's black cap and slapped him in the back of the head, with his open-hand once again. Both of em shut up immediately knowing that this time, Black Jack intended this to be all business.
    “Let’s run over this again”, said Black Jack while he wrinkled his brow, and his black eyes became all the more beady. 
    “Rags, remember that beat up wagon we saw coming into town by that old yellow farmhouse...at that bend in the road?”
    “Yes I remember it...”
    “Git that old wagon ready to hold Jupiter in and I'll hot-wire that milk truck, that’s parked over behind the Blacksmiths shop, and bring it around to hitch that wagon up, at about ten tonight. Make sure you git the bed in the back cleaned out real good like, so we can fit Jupiter in it.” 
    “Sure boss...at ten sharp.”
    “Cool Joe, you go git those two old ropes we saw…er…earlier today, down by the Ferris wheel sometime tonight, and git something to make a blindfold with, so we don’t scare Jupiter too much when we grab him. Make sure that rope is strong enough. We don't want him getting loose. 
    “I’ll git em Black Jack…and…the ropes and blindfolds ready…just like you said.”
    “Again, we'll all meet behind the yellow farmhouse at ten tonight and don’t be late. 
    “We’ll, be there boss...ten sharp.”
    “We'll take Jupiter down to the Centerville train station for the eleven o'clock train out of town. We’ll git him over to Saint Louis and sell him to old Squint-Eye Pete and the Barker Boys. We’ll git that two grand, split it three-a-ways and be on easy-street...from then on.”
    “Yeah…easy-street…Black Jack.”
    “Yeah…you gotta that-a right…easy-street boss.”
  All three started to laugh aloud once again at how Black Jack's plan seemed to be so well, planned.
  At the thought of being so darned bad and being so filthy rich in a few days all three of the “Missouri Rats”: started kicking up some dirt around the horse ring, began stomping up their heels together and were off again, dancing in pure delight; at the thought of being so darn bad and foul. 
  A chorus of: 
  WE LOVE TO BAD.   
 The slightly rotund, delirious three little men sang WE LOVE TO BE BAD repeatedly. 
  The Rats finally calmed down after singing and dancing (in celebration) over their soon to be good fortunes, when Black Jack Tilly slowly turned to, Cool Joe-after catching his breath and said, “By the way, Cool Joe is a pretty strange nickname. How'd you git it anyway?”
    “Well, you see Black Jack, if you or any other dirty “Rats” out there ever…and I mean…EVER…double-cross me. I will put's…ya… on ice! Fer…good!” 
    “Is that true Cool Joe? You've iced a few guys?” asked Rags who was now even more afraid of Cool Joe than before. 
    “Yep Rags, that's as true as your standing there looking at me with that ugly face of yours.”
  Rags gulped.
    “Why’d you think they call me Cool Joe?”
  Cool Joe rolled up his dirty white tee shirt, showing Rags and Black Jack a tattoo on his bicep that had, a block of ice with a closed casket on top of it, with a knife blade running through, both the ice and the casket. Cool Joe's name was written below the block of ice, in bold capitol red letters. Black Jack Tilley and Rags Martin both leaned in closer to Joe's rolled up sleeve, to get a better look at the tattoo. 
  When Cool Joe flexed his muscle, the casket opened, to show a dead-guy.
  Both now gulped. 
  Black Jack deep down in his heart-of-hearts felt a lot as Rags did, and thought to himself. 
    “I hope I never git-a caught crossing Cool Joe. I might end up on a block of ice, lying in a casket and be a goner; like one of those other guys who crossed him.” 
    “I put’s em on ice I tell ya! I put’s em on ice!” said Cool Joe laughing hysterically while making his point again.
    “How'd you git your nick name? Rags!” asked Cool Joe while he started rolling back down his dirty tee shirt. 
  Just as Cool Joe was asking this, Rags pulled out a large gray, dirty and torn up handkerchief out of his back pocket and began blowing his nose wildly. It sounded like the noise a foghorn might make, that is mounted, on a distant lighthouse; the sound was earth shattering and very disgusting. 
    “Never mind just never mind,” said Cool Joe “I think I gotta that-a one figured”.
  Black Jack had had enough of this conversation. He started towards the far end of the horse stables in a big hurry. Looking back towards Cool Joe and Rags he said in haste, “You guys don't fer git. Tonight at ten o'clock...behind the old yellow farmhouse outside of town. Make sure your both there and don't be late.” 
  Both nodded in agreement.
  Cool Joe and Rags headed back over towards Jupiter to get another look at him and to try to figure out, all that Black Jack had just told them. 
  The coming night would be fraught with danger and acts of daring. Trouble for all had come to Centerville and only Louis and Chug, had found out about the mean and nasty plan. 
  How would Jupiter the Show Horse, be saved and how would Louis and Chug, foil the evil plot?





























~Chapter 9~
The Great Horse Race 


  The Great Horse Race” was about to begin. 
  Everyone from around the state and from near-and-far had finally arrived at the fairgrounds. All were in great anticipation, and excited because Jupiter the Show Horse was in the county and set to run in, the biggest horse race of the year. 
  For as far as the eye could see, the streets downtown were crowed with anxious and excited people: sitting on the tops of the city light posts, crowding main-street, standing all around the start/finish line and perched on the nearby roof tops. 
  This would without a doubt, be the most historic event ever in Centerville and probably the most important horserace this year, in the whole state of Indiana.
  As everyone was trying to find the best place to sit today to witness the great race, all turned at the same time at the sound the of the Centerville marching band turning onto main-street: with music blaring, trumpets and trombones held high in the air, and the big bass drum pounding out the heartbeat of the music. 
  The band was dressed in very crisp, clean white furry top hats, blue and red topcoats, and wearing self-same dapper white matching pants. The band marched all the way down main-street and there they ended with a rousing applause from the audience, as they settled in behind the main-stage. That was erected in the street where the start/finish line for the race was. They continued to play as a bevy of lightly colored balloons, had been released, by a few clowns and were flying high away overhead into the clear blue sky. 
  An enormous main wooden stage with a speaker's podium was built, in front of the starting line by the Fair's riggers and workingmen for the race today, and it was right in the center of main-street. A long white cloth banner had been strung across the street, for everyone to see that read in bright, bold red letters: 
  “The Gazette Stakes” Winner takes all $5,000! 
  The Mayor, Mr. George Penneywell was perched up behind the podium speaking into an enormous wooden megaphone that echoed his loud voice out over the crowd below. He was wearing a tall and very handsome black stovepipe-hat that fit him perfectly. You could tell he had just gotten the hat out of cleaners because it had a beautiful sheen on it that caught your eye, whenever he would turn to look in a certain direction. 
  He was also wearing a perfectly tailored black tuxedo-jacket with very long tails in the back that flowed down below his knees. And in his right hand, he was holding a black wooden cane with an ivory handle; that was used to complete his regal look. 
  The Mayor was a slim man standing over six feet six-inches tall and with his hat on, it made him tower above the crowd, even that much more. Wearing all black and being a bit of a showman only made Mr. Pennywell, all that more interesting to listen to. 
  He held the megaphone up to his mouth and began to speak in his booming voice, “Ladies and Gentlemen, countrymen, friends and esteemed visitors. Welcome to the Merion county fair here in this great city of Centerville.” 
  The crowd assembled around that day shouted out with joy at the ending of each public statement by the Mayor. “Everyone please gather round…now gather around…and may I have your undivided attention? “The Great Race”…is about to begin.”
  With this last statement, the city's marching band began playing a faster tempo march that only cheered up the mood of everyone present that much more. 
  An, old retired black civil war cannon was fired loudly once, at the back of the main-stage; that shook the ground below and reverberated throughout the crowd.
  The town's Chief of Police Mr. Thomas Pinkerman was now standing up on the main-stage by the Mayor's side: in full uniform and looked very policeman-like with all his shinny badges, and silver and gold medals pinned onto the proud chest, of his police officer’s uniform. 
  There were other dignified men-of-state, and county officers who were positioned on the main-stage as well. That only added to the grandeur and glamour of the main-event of the day. 
  Most of the invited guests on stage wore many, different types of uniforms; they were either in the military service, civil servants or government workers.
    “Everyone, please turn your attention to the left of the stage, and behold our fine competitors for today’s race,” proclaimed the mayor with excitement ringing in his voice. 
  Applause and cheers were heard throughout the crowd. Then the splendid, brightly decorated parade of racehorses entered the fair's horse ring from the far end through the open wooden gates. As the racehorses entered the ring they circled clockwise around and around, inside the ring in front of the crowd to the cheers of everyone present. 
  Louis and Chug had made their way down to the left of the start/ finish line and secured a seat at the top of the rail, to be sure not to miss the blue ribbon finish.
  The racehorses were all handsomely dressed in matching colors with that of their jockeys. There were bright reds, deep greens, and different shades of blues that splattered each horse’s saddle, pads, and each jockey's silk riding jersey, in a wonderful way. 
  There was one horse named “Devils Lair” from Cincinnati who had just won the county fair in Evansville only three months ago. One other horse out of Boston was “Gentleman Jim” who had won the Indianapolis state fair last year, by a landslide, and was a favorite to win this year’s race. 
  The horses all had names that gave the insight to some quirk about their owners, or some trait about the horse's temperament. There was Play-to-Win, War Admiral, Apple Jacks, Formal Attire, Independence, Sweet Charity, Charlatan, Broke Banker, Mugs Martin, and Petty Thief and so on. 
  All of these racehorses were champions from some other county fair, past state fair, or from some prominent and famous horse stables in the state. This was an invitation only horserace, and all of these individual horses were especially courted, for this singular race, because of their unblemished win/ loss records.
  This was to be: the final race of the entire county circuit, would have the highest winning stakes ever for a horserace in the state’s history, but most of all, the horses and riders, were all here to race against the famed and famous, and infamous, “Jupiter the Show Horse!”
  The old cast iron cannon was fired again and again in agreement and harmony, with the thumping of the big bass drum, which only excited the crowd that much more, with each loud boom and crack from the barrels end. When the cannon's gunpowder was ignited through the touchhole, black smoke poured out of the other end of the cannon, which drifted out over the top of the crowd's heads. 
  Since the city of Centerville did not have a horse-track, this race would: begin at the start/ finish line in front of the fair's main-tent and main-stage. Go out onto main-street, then head down past the blacksmith shop, take a sharp right turn on First Street and head out of town, down to the old yellow farmhouse at the bend in the road then back up First Street again, and back to the start/finish line. 
  This race was to be approximately, six miles in length. 
  All the city streets were lined with, widespread banners, multiple colored ribbons, and different colored flags. All which were waving from flagpoles, high above the city streets. 
  Each business in town, the post office, the banks, the schools, and the city libraries were closed today, just for this one race and the mayor had, declared this day to be a city holiday. This way everyone in town could come out and see the “Great Race”.
  The Mayor who was also the emcee for today's race now began speaking again into the large wooden megaphone, as he stood in the middle of the racetrack at the starting line. 
    “May I have your attentions race fans? The “Gazette Stakes” which is the main racing event of the day…is about…to begin. Please fix your gaze towards the main-grandstands, and listen for the starter's pistol…for today's great race. This is a winner-take-all, with a prize of $5,000 dollars given to the first place finisher.”
  Again, the crowd erupted in a thunderous applause and shouts as the Mayor continued. 
    “Will all horses and riders entered into today's race, now approach the starting line into your assigned starting positions?”
  All the race fans that were assembled around the start/finish line and all the way down main-street now turned their eyes, towards the horses and riders who were now jostling for position, at the starting line, behind a large white rope, strung low across the street in front of the horses. 
  As the Mayor held the starting pistol high up in one hand in front of the crowd, all quieted down, then transfixed their eyes on the starting line. 
  There was a long quite pause, as the air grew eerily still. A few birds fluttered off in the distance.
  All were quite; all was still. 
  The starting gun sounded; a loud quick explosion! 
    “Bang!!”
   The white rope strew across the start/finish line, fell to the earth below. 
  The horses were away with a flurry. The “Great Race” had officially, began! 
  Jupiter caught a hoof into the dirt. He stumbled off the starting line. He was instantly six-lengths behind the other horses, from the get-go. Gentleman Jim and Devil's Lair jumped quickly out front for an early lead, leaving the rest of the pack of horse’s behind them, in a large cloud of swirling dust. 
  The crowd bellowed out in delight when the horses raced away from the starting line. 
  All in the crowd were pushing and shoving for position at the front handrails of the main-stage, trying to get a closer look as the great horses flew past, with their nostrils flaring, and dirt flying off their hooves, out in all directions.
  At the first quarter-pole by the blacksmiths shop, Devils Lair and Gentleman Jim had taken the early lead, by almost seven lengths in front of the main-pack of horses. Sweet Charity was coming up from behind with Mugs Martin and Charlatan, on his outside hindquarters. Jupiter saw that the great race and all the spoils that would come from a victory today was about to be lost, from the opening sound of the starter's pistol. 
  Was all, already lost for Jupiter? 
  Was this an overwhelming, and too far off of a distance, for Jupiter to recover from, and could he muster up all of his great courage, to come from behind for the victory? 
  As Jupiter passed First-Street, he looked off to his right side, and found what he observed to be, an old nag right next to him. Upon seeing this broken down horse, and being far behind the lead pack of horses, Jupiter decided to take stock of himself, and of his pounding heart's desire to win. 
  Jupiter now looked over to his left, seeing crowds of screaming fans delirious with excitement. Some fans were standing on balconies, some were perched in treetops, and some were on the tops of nearby buildings, all were yelling and screaming at him from the tops of their lungs. 
  “Run Jupiter Run!!”
  Jupiter's eyes grew wider, as his nostrils flared again trying to grasp at the air. Finally, a decision had been made, deep down inside of him. He had found the answer to the question, in his ever-pounding heart. 
  A true champion he was, and a true champion he always would be! 
  Jupiter: gathered himself, shook his head side-to-side in a wild flurry, gained control of his emotions, and then let out a deafening, and ear-shattering whinny. His nostrils now opened up again even wider to get a deeper breath of warm air as his chest heaved with a renewed energy. 
  His jockey feeling the raised-from-the-dead-feeling, and renewed strength in Jupiter, took a mighty swat of his whip to Jupiter's left side, which landed across his right foreleg. 
  Away Jupiter bolted! 
  Jupiter had trained his whole life for this one race, and was not going to lose to just any old horse and certainly not to, some broken down old nag, tagging along next to him. He started passing slower horses from the outside position, but was still well over eight lengths back at the halfway pole, out by the old yellow farmhouse, at the bend in the road. 
  Mugs Martin, Petty Thief, and Broke Banker’s lungs were gasping and exploding from within from lack of air when Jupiter shot past them. Gentleman Jim and Devil's Lair were only five lengths ahead by the three-quarter pole on Second-Street. Suddenly it was apparent to everyone that these were the two horses to beat today.
  Jupiter was now only four lengths back, and was closing fast on the outside. 
  His jockey was down in a perfect riding position, with his knees, arms tucked in tight, head down, and he was laying right off the left side of Jupiter's neck, concentrating on the two horses that lay directly ahead of him. Jupiter was right off the two front horse’s hindquarters, and was now using both horses as a windbreak. 
  Jupiter was in the perfect slipstream, and reserving what little energy he had left, for one last push, to the finish line that was now coming into plain view. 
  The two front horse's Gentleman Jim and Devil's Lair began bumping each as they passed the three-quarter pole, and were now starting back into town, towards the main-stage, and the finish line. 
  Gentleman Jim turned out to be no gentleman at all! 
  He turned to his left, reached out, and bit Devil's Lair on the neck with all his might, which broke flesh and drew blood. 
  Devil's Lair shrieked out in pain! 
  The sounds of hurt sprang violently from Devil’s Lair’s throat. The cries of pain, shot right through Jupiter's ears, with a voice that told him, his chance for victory…was almost upon him. 
  Both front horses began a mad and frantic battle of attempted bites, and head thrusts, towards each other, all the while dark red blood was streaming from Devil Lair's neck. 
  The horses broke concentration, and stride, for just one slight moment in all the uproar. 
  Jupiter upon seeing this one last chance, and unexpected turn of events, saw this last great opportunity was now before him. 
  With an almighty burst of speed, Jupiter broke for the lead! 
  Jupiter was sweating freely. His lungs were burning, and bursting from deep inside. His long black mane of hair was blowing in the wind, like an un-tethered flag flapping in a driving windstorm. His jockey was crouched downwards off his left shoulder, tucked in tightly, bellowing in Jupiter's ears. 
    “Run like the wind Jupiter!”
    “You’re…Jupiter…Optimus…Maximus.”
    “You’re the god of light, and sky!” 
    “Run Jupiter run!”
   With one last mighty surge of determination, Jupiter vaulted into the lead as they bolted across the finishing line!
    “What a race!” blared out Chug in absolute delight.
    “Did you see that finish? Did you...?” roared out Louis.
    “Jupiter did it! He did it!”
    “Man oh man! What a finish!” 
  Chug and Louis were jumping up and down deliriously. 
  The crowd went just plain nuts.
  Chug, would have fell right off the top of the handrail if it weren’t for Louis, who grabbed him to prevent him from falling. Louis grabbed his baseball cap and started to pummel Chug with it, and Chug quickly returned the favor, with all his might. 
  When Louis took off his baseball hat, his red cowlick was standing straight up in the air from all the excitement. 
  While watching the race Louis had imagined the whole time that he: was the one dressed in all those fancy silk clothes, making that key move to win the race, and the one who crossed over the finish line, with his hands raised in triumph, sitting on the back of Jupiter. 
  If it was only true, he thought. 
  If it was all, only true. 
 Jupiter, was now completely drained of strength, and exhausted to the point of an almost a total and complete collapse. He slowly circled back around in front of the finish line, for all to gaze upon him. He raised his head up as high as he could. He stood mighty. He stood proud, for all to admire the exhausted victor. 
 Apollo quickly galloped over to Jupiter at the finish line, and gave him a gentle nudge as both horses now headed for the, Winner's-Circle, and the coveted blue ribbon ceremony. 
  Jupiter the Good! 
  Jupiter the Powerful!
  Jupiter the Mighty!
  All those names were so befitting of this grand racehorse. He would absolutely be a legend in these parts for years to come, and this race would go down in history as the “One and Only Race of Races”.
  Jupiter entered The Winners-Circle to receive his blue ribbon and the hero worship, of the adorning crowd. He knelt down low on his two front forefeet and dropped his head, as low as he could so the Mayor could place the lovely, blue ribbon around his neck; proclaiming to all present this day that Jupiter, was the true undisputed winner of the famed-“Gazette Stakes”. 
  The check for $5,000 was offered to Jupiter's owner, and a photo was taken of both Jupiter and his jockey, to be displayed in the next morning's newspapers. 
  In all the excitement of the “Great Race” Louis and Chug had almost forgot that by this nightfall Jupiter was to be stolen, and whisked away by, Black Jack Tilly and the “Missouri Rats”. 
  Jupiter might never be heard from or seen again. 
  What would the future hold for these two young boys and, “Jupiter the Show Horse”? No one knew for sure.

~Chapter 10~
Thieves in the Night

  A plot to commit a crime had been hatched, the wheels inside of criminal minds were in motion and the plan to carry out a misdeed would soon come to a result by three of the seediest, scruffy, and mangiest characters who ever came to Centerville.
  Louis and Chug were now in search of an answer to this most baffling and perplexing problem, that was unexpectedly thrust before them. 
  How could they foil the wrongdoing? 
  How would they be able to save Jupiter from a terrible fate? 
  The most logical thing that both of them could agree on was to go for help, and find the Chief of Police, Mr. Thomas Pinkerman. 
  Louis remembered seeing the Chief of Police earlier in the day up on the stage, before The “Great Race” had begun. Would he still be there? Would they be able to find him in time, and most of all would he believe them and their far-fetched story, about Jupiter possibly being kidnapped and that Black Jack Tilley was right here in their town? 
  Louis knew he had told some tall-tales in the past and laid it on thick in a few stories here and there, and of course he was prone to daydreaming…but this was different. Somehow, he would have to convince someone that he was, finally telling the truth and that Jupiter was really in big trouble.
  Louis and Chug were milling over the plot in their minds so as not to forget each detail, as they ran off towards the main-stage, in search of help. The crowd was still buzzing over the race and people were going backwards and forwards, and out in all directions. This made it very difficult for Louis and Chug to make any headway forward, against the bustle of people exiting the fair. By the time, they had reached the main-stage all the speechmakers, and military bigwigs had long since vanished.   
    “They're all gone Chug,” said Louis in a hurried speech “we're too late. We have to get down to the police station to see if anyone is over there.”
    “You’re right Louis.”
    “Maybe we can find the Chief of Police in his office; we've got to tell someone what's going to happen. Somebody has got to help us, or Jupiter's a goner.” 
    “Louis, the Chief of Police will know what to do alright. But man that’s a long way off.” 
  The police station was on the other side of town in the main business district, and was a good hour away or more by foot.
  “Chug, I've got an idea. Charlie can help us. We can ride him down to the police station and make it in half the time. We've got to tell Charlie about those “Missouri Rats”. He'll know what to do” said Louis with desperation in his voice as things, were getting worse by the minute. Chug nodded again in agreement. They then both bolted over towards the horse stables, where they had last seen Charlie before the race had begun.
  As they saw Charlie coming into view, Charlie smiled widely. 
    “Louis, Chug, did you see the race? Man, I just knew Jupiter would win. Could you believe that finish?” 
    “Charlie, Charlie. Forget about the race! Jupiter's in trouble!” 
    “What do you mean Jupiter's in trouble? He just ran the race of his life he's a hero. Come on Louis have you been talking with Mr. Beamer again, and he's put a new story in your head, or are you off daydreaming or seeing visions again?” 
    “No this is for real. We saw three bad guys who were watching Jupiter warm up in the stables and they looked like those awful guys, who were involved in that big bank heist over there in Saint Louis, a few years back. They must have broken outta jail again, and they are now here in our Centerville. Anyway…ah… they're plotting to kidnap Jupiter after the fair is over, and sell him off for big dough! They’re going to sell Jupiter over there in Saint Louis to some other fellow crooks...ah...Squint Eye Pete was one of the crooks names I heard. They're taking him tonight. Chug and me heard um…ah…didn't us…Chug. 
    “Yeah we heard um…Charlie,” said an out of breath Chug “and we gotta get some help”.
    “We gotta do somethin Charlie, and I mean right now” cried out Louis as he fought to get the words out of his mouth. 
    “Yea, some help, Charlie”. I heard um, we need the Chief of Police!” 
    “Slow down boys.”
    “No this is for real Charlie,” said Louis as he tried to catch his breath again.
    “Well, Louis, Chug I know you two wouldn't kid me about Jupiter, and now that I think about it, your story makes perfect since to me. I did hear about those crooks breaking out of jail, a few weeks ago. Everybody has been looking for them. They're on the lamb all right and they ended up here…at our county fair? Who would have thought that? They stole all that money, from all those good folks over there in Indianapolis. Just terrible” said Charlie as he finally realized all that Chug and Louis were saying was true. 
    “Yes, they’re gonna: kidnap Jupiter tonight from his stall, take him down to the train station out at the edge of town, and then take him over to Saint Louis to sell him. Charlie they're going take our Jupiter!” said Chug as he pulled ever so hard on Charlie's tail, to get his full attention.
  Chug was just as excited as he could be when speaking, he didn't even realize what he was doing. 
    “Hey, lay off the tail. That's the only one I got,” stated Charlie as he tried to flip his tail away from Chug's tight grip. 
  Chug had a grip so tight that he did not let go in time, and was sent sailing up in the air over Charlie’s head and heading directly, for a bail of hail found nearby. 
  He landed with a soft thud. 
  He came up from the bottom of the hay pile with a head full of straw.
  Louis and Charlie looked over at Chug, but dared not laugh.
    “You alright Chug” said an amused Louis.
    “Yeah, I’m fine. I guess I got a little too excited.”
  All smiled.
    “Did you find the Chief of Police yet?” asked Charlie.
    “No we can't find him. We looked over at the main-stage where he was last seen, but he’s gone now, and there are so many people at the fair today, we just could not possibly find him. He might have gone down to the police station, to check in on a few things. The police station is way over on the other side of town and we need you to give us a ride down there. We need to tell him all about those bad guys, and what their up to. We’ve got to save Jupiter before it’s too late.” 
    “You're right, no doubt about it Louis.”
    “I know I’m right and yes, we’ve got to stop em.”
    “Hop on fellows. We’ve gotta get over there to the police station as soon as we can” said Charlie as he turned sideways so the boys could climb on his back.
  As both boys grabbed Charlie's tail and jumped up on Charlie's back: he whirled around as fast as he could, planted his big over-sized hooves on the ground, dug deep into the dirt, and off they went, just as fast as Ole’ Charlie could run. 
  All three headed out towards the far side of town with Charlie in a full gallop. Charlie had never moved this fast in his life; nor ran with this much determination. Charlie's long mane of hair and tail where flowing, out in all directions as Chug and Louis were both holding on for dear life. 
  Charlie, being so big and a little clumsy looked a bit funny running down main-street, with the two small boys hanging on his back, oh the horrified looks on the faces of both as they tried to hang on to, Charlie's mane. Chug groped more on to Louis than Charlie did, because Louis was in front and hanging on to Charlie's neck and mane. 
  Charlie ran like a hound dog chasing a wild rabbit, for what seemed to be a half-hour or more as the three, crime-stoppers finally reached their destination at the far-end of town. Upon coming to a screeching halt and dust flying out in all directions, Louis jumped off Charlie's back and sprang toward the front door of the police station. 
  Louis began banging on the door freely, and as hard as he could. 
  Again and again, he banged. 
  No answer from anyone inside
  Not a sound. 
  Louis looked inside; the lights were all turned off. The interior of the room was dark and quite. 
  Not a soul in sight.
    “How could the police station, be closed in the middle of the day,” cried out Louis “how could they...?”
    “Louis, that's right! Everything is locked up today because of the fair. Remember today was declared a city holiday. The Mayor said so, when he made that speech today…before the “Big Race”…remember now” said Chug. 
    “You're right Chug. Now I remember.”
   Louis shook his head in agreement.
    “Charlie what are we going to do? Everyone's off work today, and everything is closed, we are not going to be able to get a hold of anyone not the fire department, the police chief, or the Mayor. We won't be able to find even a city chimney-sweep to help us,” said a now even more worried Chug.
  Charlie looked at the fear on the faces of his two energetic friends and wondered to himself, what the next logical step to take was. What was the right thing to do? How could they foil the horse-napping plans of Black Jack Tilley, and the “Missouri Rats?” 
    “We’re going to have to save Jupiter ourselves,” said Charlie in bewilderment at his statement, and the position they all found themselves in. Did he just volunteer to save Jupiter? Then place himself, Chug and Louis in grave danger? 
  What was Charlie thinking? 
  Louis started speaking to Charlie but Charlie did not bother or try to hear a thing. He just thought to himself, the whole time. I'm just a barnyard horse, what am I doing? Let's just find the Chief of Police, and get out of this mess. Old barnyard horses don't do deeds of daring and heroic things.
    “Chug what are we going to do?”
    “I don’t know Louis.”
  Charlie paused for a moment, gathered himself, grew more purposeful and determined in his manner, then spoke out to Louis.
    “What else did you hear those three guys say today Louis? How is the caper going down?” 
  He had come to an ending, and that this was now his responsibility, and that himself with Louis and Chug would save Jupiter and capture, those three crooks all by themselves.
    “Let me tell you all I heard Charlie...”
    “I hate to cut you off Louis but boys: we need to go down to Mr. Beamer's barn, rest for a while and talk this over, and find out the best way to save Jupiter.” 
  Louis and Chug climbed aboard Charlie's back one more time. Louis again gripped Charlie's neck and Chug again gripped Louis. With both boys safely on Charlie’s back, he started back up main-street, in a slow steady gallop towards Mr. Beamer’s barn. 
  As all three weary travelers lumbered slowly along, Louis and Chug went over most everything they heard that day with Charlie and were trying, not leave out a single detail of the plan. They told Charlie: of the hot-wiring and stealing of Baron Von Beck’s milk truck by Rags Martin, the meeting to take place over at the old yellow farmhouse, of getting the blindfolds and rope, and about the plot to get Jupiter to the train station by eleven-o'clock for the last train out of town tonight. 
  Upon reaching, Mr. Beamer's barn Louis, Chug and Charlie were absolutely worn out, and just plain exhausted from the fair, all of the day's activities and especially from the wild ride over to the police station. 
  Muncy upon hearing Louis coming into the barn bounded into Louis’s lap; looked up and saw the concern, and worry in Louis’s face. He noticed that something wasn't quite right with him. Muncy tried to comfort Louis all he could, but Louis was so tired he hardly noticed Muncy’s affections.
  They all three relaxed the best they could, and talked some more about their plans, to spoil the kidnapping of Jupiter. Chug and Muncy after all the talk of plans, crooks and horse napping, finally tired out completely; falling fast asleep on a large haystack, in the back of the barn. 
  Charlie stayed awake as the others slept; running over and over in his mind, the plan to steal Jupiter, and what they should do to stop the Rats. 
  After a few hours of restful sleep Chug, Louis and Muncy all woke up all feeling much better. Charlie had stayed awake just thinking, and thinking the situation repeatedly over in his mind. 
  Charlie was not known for being the brightest or bravest horse around (being so very old and all) be had finally found a solution to their problems. 
  As Chug and Louis wiped the sleep out of their eyes, Charlie went over in detail the plan he had worked out to foil the crooks. It would be a mighty adventure. Quite dangerous, but he was sure the plan was a good one, and that no harm, would come to any of them. After hearing Charlie's plan, all agreed as to what had to be done, and all thought that this was the best plan that any of them had come up with so far. 
  Louis headed up to his farmhouse with Muncy in-tow; found Hattie May sitting in her old favorite chair by the fireplace, then told her that he and Chug were going out for a nighttime ride with Charlie that they would be back later this evening, and for her not worry about him, or stay up late for him to return. 
  Hattie May looked a little puzzled. 
    “Whatever you’re up to Louis, please be careful and don’t go getting yourself in trouble again. That’s all you seem to do lately…is to get in trouble...”
    “Don't worry mom. I promise to be safe.”
    “Oh Louis you’re too young to be out late! I just know your dad wouldn’t like this.”
    “Yeah I know mom. I’m a troublemaker and a daydreamer but this is different. You have to trust me mom, just this once. I’ll be alright…really.”
  Hattie May took Louis by the hand and held him tight, just long enough to let Louis know...that she loves him...more than he could know. 
    “Aw don’t worry mom, I will be with Charlie, and Chug, so I will be just fine.” 
  Louis grabbed a few winter coats, scarves, and hats out of the nearby closet and dashed out the front door, as quickly as he had come in. 
  He stopped on the porch for a moment, leaned down to look into Muncy’s eyes and told Muncy to look out for Hattie May while he was gone, and that everything would turn out just fine, and not to worry. Muncy of course was very unsettled over the whole thing, giving Louis a thoughtful look, as if to say, “Don't go, you’ll be in danger. Louis“, something bad is going to happen” I just know it”. 
  Louis gave Muncy a comforting pat on the head, then turned, heading towards the rear of the porch, without even looking back. Muncy was heartbroken, just wishing Louis wouldn’t leave the safety and warmth of his home this night.
  It was now close to nine-thirty, and darkness had fallen on Centerville. It was an eerie kind of darkness, fraught with many dark shadows, not seen in Centerville in a long while, if ever before. It seemed to speak of a foreboding of unpleasant things that were about to come. 
  It began to snow lightly and the wind started up, signaling that the weather would be turning distasteful and nasty soon.
   A gloom hung in the air, and was soon to descend upon Charlie, Chug, and Louis. An impending and unpleasant snowstorm was on the way this night.
  Snow and ice storms would blow in hard from the north into this part of the country around this time of year, and could come up and unleash their furry, on all in its way in a moment's notice. Darkened clouds drew down and in upon the town. Neither man, nor animal was seen or heard from this night; all had taken for immediate shelter at the first winds rustling, and the first snows falling. 
  Charlie exited the shelter of Mr. Beamer's barn with the two boys perched squarely on his back. Both boys were bundled up against the winter's chill with their winter clothes on, and were well prepared, for the long ride ahead. Charlie led them down past the old clearing where they had played the hated Logansport Tigers a few months ago, past Ms. George Pennywell’s farmhouse, and then down into the valley below.
  Charlie was eager to reach the Centerville train station. This is where the town's water tower stood. He could not wait to get started, with setting his plans into motion. It took nearly an hour to get there, and the weather was, quickly turning for the worse with each passing minute. 
  Louis pulled his coat tighter across his chess as he looked at the looming storm, now brewing down on them.
  Directly overhead, the big snowstorm was now bearing down on the valley from the north, and was growing in intensity with each step that Charlie took.
  As the ten o’clock hour crept in, it now began snowing with more intensity and steadiness. The snowflakes were thick and heavy, which made it nearly impossible to see very far up the road ahead of them. 
  Louis and Chug turned up their coat collars, and tightened their woolen scarfs tighter up against their bodies, to try and, stay as warm as they could. At times, the winds were so severe (when they gusted) that they were almost, blown off Charlie's back. 
  As they came over a low-lying hill, the water tower slowly came into view. They could barely see the water tower because of the dark moonless night, and the ever-blowing snowstorm surrounding them. 
  As Charlie approached closer and closer to the top of the next small hill, he could finally see the two faint gas-lamps marking the entrance to the Centerville train station. When they finally reached the train station’s main entrance, they found that it was empty of passengers, except there was one lone old train engineer in his office at the back of the loading dock, who monitored the telegraph-wire, and ran the passenger ticket office. 
  The wind and snow had now picked up an adequate amount that Charlie had enough reason to shelve the entire plan. 
    “Maybe we should get you two boys back home, and I should take care of this myself. The weather is turning for the worse with every step we take. This could get dangerous as the night goes on. Remember what I said boys, about you two being safe, above all else.” 
    “Charlie you're going to need help to pull this off and there's no one else around, but me and Chug. I'm the only one who can climb up on that water tower to set the trap like you said, and you're going to need Chug, to be that look-out,” said Louis as he pleaded with Charlie to let them stay. 
    “We'll you two you boys have to promise me again that you will do as I say, and if anything goes bad, you’ve got to run off, and stay out of it from then on. I don't want anybody to get hurt. You’ve got to promise me.”
  Chug and Louis agreed, and promised one last time. 
  The old train engineer was sitting at his desk deep into the nights’ paperwork, with one solitary gaslight hanging overhead that illuminated a small worktable below. He had not heard Charlie, Louis, or Chug arrive due to the awful snowstorm blowing outside, and the sounds of the swirling winds. 
  He had been working at the train’s station for a better part of fifty years and was soon going to retire, to spend more time with his grandchildren. His main job tonight was to make sure the lucky Number 7 train to Saint Louis, departed at eleven o'clock, by checking all the baggage and making sure, that all the passengers, had their proper boarding tickets.
  Louis and Chug blew into the train station's office, shaking off the winter's storm for a moment then frantically began to speak to the old man. 
    “There's gonna be a horse-napping tonight at the fair” exclaimed Chug.
    “Huh? Wha-t’s that kid?”
    “Black Jack Tilley is going to try and kidnap our Jupiter. You know Jupiter the Show Horse, who won the Gazette Stakes today,” said Louis with a quizzical look on his face.
   Chug was now shivering wildly from the cold.
    “What’s that you say...?”    
    “Yep, they’re going to grab Jupiter tonight at the horse stables and they're going to sneak him out on the eleven o'clock train to Saint Louis. They’re gonna be coming here tonight, right here. We came here to stop em, you gotta listen to us, you gotta Mr. Wrinkleman” said Louis in haste, as he began shivering right along with Chug. 
  The old man raised a large hollow wooden hearing-piece up to his ear, to help him hear better, what Chug and Louis were trying to say. After a few moments of deep thought, Mr. Wrinkleman spoke again to the two boys.
    “I didn’t hear much of what you two said. Slow down kids, you’re both speaking too fast for me to understand ya. Anyway what are you doing out here in this nasty weather anyway? Why aren't you at home with your mom and dad, reading a book by a warm fire?” 
  When Louis and Chug had finally calmed down long enough to be understood, they went over again all that was about to happen, and all that they had heard, at the fair earlier in the day. They both explained that Jupiter the Show Horse who had just won the “Big Race” at the county fair was being kidnapped. And was on his way to the train station with some bad fellows, and that these fellows were going to be here, within the hour. They pleaded and pleaded with the old man, until he finally started to believe them. 
    “Why else would we be out here in this horrible weather,” exclaimed Louis “I tell ya...were telling the truth.”
    “Alright kids. I believe you. Now you two boys try and warm up by the fire over there, and let me think about this for a minute or two.”
  They finally got the old man to send an emergency message over the telegraph-wire to the police station and the Mayor's office, to try to get some help before the eleven o’clock train arrived.
    “Well, if this is true you two boys just stay out of this and let the police and the Mayor, take care of it. I know the Mayor always checks the last of the nights messages, about ten o’clock or ten-thirty, before he locks up city hall, and goes home for the night,” said the old man as he waived the two boys out of the office “so I will keep trying to reach him, every few minutes or so.”
    “Thanks Mr. Wrinkleman, we knew you’d help us,” said Louis. 
    “You boys stay out of trouble now. After you’ve warmed up by the fire, head over to the flop-room in the back of the loading dock, and hide out. I'll take care of this from here on out.”
  The boys, feeling that the first part of Charlie's plan was in place bundled back up in their coats, turned their collars once again to the cold wind and silently went back out, to where Charlie was standing, under a small wooden overhang and out of the driving snow storm.
    “Charlie, the old man sent a wire to the police station and to the Mayor's office, like you said he would. They should be here within the hour or so, depending on the weather. He’s almost sure of it…he knows the Police Chief and Mayor always check their messages before they close up their offices, for the night. Let's get to the water tower and set up our trap,” said Louis.
  Charlie and the boys were deep into this plan, with no way to turn back now. 
  However, would the Chief of Police or the Mayor get there soon enough to help? 
  Louis stood on top of Charlie's back as Charlie positioned himself under the main outflow-pipe on the town's water tower (this is the main pipe that fills up the train’s steam engines and the main water tower that supplies water, to the entire town of Centerville). 
  Louis set the outflow-pipe spicket to trip open, with just the flip of the wrist then tested it to make sure it worked. Gallons upon gallons of water started flow out of the opening. Louis closed it back up. He then loosened the large metal bar that keeps the water pipe in place so that it would swing freely in any direction, if shoved, or pushed hard enough.
    “It's ready Charlie.”
    “You sure Louis, is it safe enough for you to move it without much trouble?”
    “Yep, I tested it, and it worked, just like you said it would.”
    “Good. Now hold on tight, try to relax and try the best you can to stay warm, up there.” 
  Next, Charlie had seen a large load of stacked molasses barrels waiting to be loaded onto a flatbed car. He decided to arrange them loosely and very unsteadied in case need be to be pushed over, to block the escape route of the crooks. 
    “Chug, see those molasses barrels over there? I want you to stack them up next to the exit, over there to the left side,” said Charlie as he kicked his front hooves in the snow towards the direction of the barrels “stack them real high; we might need those later”. 
  Some of this plan Charlie had tried to think from beginning to end at Mr. Beamer’s barn earlier in the day, and some of the plan he had to make up as he went along. They had to stop these crooks, or slow them down, until help finally arrived. 
  Charlie had to think on his feet and be as inventive and creative as possible. This was something that Charlie did not have too much experience with, being a barnyard horse and all.
  Chug after stacking the molasses barrels, climbed the water tower's wooden ladder, to about sixty feet up, and almost to the top. He was now perched high above where Louis was sitting at the top of the water tank, next to the in-flow spicket. 
  Chug was so high up that when he looked down and saw Charlie standing below, he got a real fright, almost losing his grip. Upon seeing this, Louis yelled out.    
    “Careful…Chug and hold on tight. If you fall it's goin to be curtains.” 
    “I'm all right Louis. I just slipped a bit. Don't worry I'm just fine” said Chug as he waived back at Louis, way below. 
  Charlie wanted Chug to stand lookout and let him know, when Black Jack was in sight while Charlie hid around back, behind the main train station's loading dock, out of sight. Now all there was to do was, wait patiently for Jupiter and the crooks to show up, and then set the plan into full motion. 
    “You all right up there Chug? Do ya see anything yet?” yelled out Charlie.
    “I’m fine Charlie. It’s a little cold though,” said Chug as he started to shiver again, “I can’t see anything yet. It’s snowing so hard that it’s hard to see very far up the road...but I’ll keep watching.”  








~Chapter 11~
The Caper

  It was getting to be about ten o'clock now, and Rags Martin had made it over to the old yellow farmhouse just as Black Jack had told him to do. He cleaned out the back of Baron Von Beck’s milk-wagon so they could load Jupiter in, for the night’s ride ahead, to the train station. 
  Rags: checked the two wagon wheels for loose bolts and for damage, then he cleaned up the back of the wagon, pulled the wagon out away from the barn, and over by the main road. By doing this, it would make it easy for Black Jack to back up Baron Von Beck’s milk-truck into the wagon, and hitch it up. Rags found it hard to pull the heavy wagon through the falling snow but finally he made it to the main road and was now ready, for Black Jack's arrival. 
  Cool Joe had stolen ropes and blindfolds in hand, that he had pilfered earlier in the day by the Farris wheel, he then met Black Jack over at the blacksmith shop just as planned, right around ten o'clock. The milk-truck was hot-wired by Black Jack and running already when Cool Joe arrived.
    “Right on time Cool Joe, and just as I planned” said Black Jack.
    “I don't want to be late in gettin down to that there train station,” said Cool Joe with a big grin on his face as well “seeing this horse off, and gettin all that dough”. 
    “Man stop smiling Joe; those teeth are horrible,” said a disgusted Black Jack “and how'd you get those teeth all broken up anyway?”
    “Gnawing on ice Tilly! I just love to gnaw on ice!” understood Cool Joe as he smiled even wider.
    “Well close that yapper of yours. You’re ah…making…me sick.” 
  Black Jack appeared to squirm in pain when he saw those teeth again. He turned away from Cool Joe as quickly as he could. Cool Joe climbed in the front of the milk-truck’s jump seat. Both took off down the road just as fast as the truck could go. 
  The wind and snow was blowing harder now and the windshield wipers were barely keeping the snow off the front window.
    “Ten-fifteen and were…ah…right on time” said Joe as he looked at his pocket-watch. 
    “Did Rags get out to that farmhouse like…I…told him?”
    “Yep, he left around nine o’clock, and said he'd git that wagon ready, and have the job done. He swore he’d be ready by the time we’d git there.” 
    “Good, cause I don’t want to be having to slap him around a bit.”
    “He doesn’t like any slapping Black Jack.”
    “Aw…shut-up, before I slap the ugly off of you.”
  Cool Joe grinned.
    “Ice…I just love ice.”
  It took about fifteen minutes to get over to the old yellow farmhouse because of the hard blowing snowstorm, but sure enough, there was Rags, standing right where he should be. 
  Rags, was bundled together with a heavy coat and gloves. And was holding up a lit gas-lantern in one hand and waving it high in the air, to help guide Black Jack over to him. Rags waved the lamp a few more times until he saw Black Jack and the milk-truck change directions.
    “Glad your here Rags and that ya did what I told ya” said Black Jack.
    “Yep I got everything…just like you told me to…”
    “Good cause I didn’t wanna to have-ta knock-ya about the ears...”
    “Hey it's freezing out here Black Jack, let me in that truck will ya? I'm gonna catch a cold out here. I've been standing out here for over thirty minutes already. By the way what took you so long?” 
    “Awe, it ain't so cold Rags. We got slow’d down by the snow storm; stop ya complaining,” said Cool Joe “you're just one of those mommas-boys aren’t ya?”
    “Move over Cool Joe.”
  Black Jack let the truck idle for a moment then, turned the heater all the way up. After a few moments Black Jack slapped the other two on the back of the head and said, “Now you two git outta this truck; we gotta hitch up that wagon for carrying Jupiter in.”
    “Ice…I just love ice,” said Cool Joe as he just kept smiling with that awful smile of his.
    “You two shut now and git to work.” 
   They hitched up the wagon to the back of the milk-truck and off they went, back the other direction down the road, towards the horse stables and Jupiter.
  Three of the vilest fellows on earth, out to do no good. Lowdown crooks was all they were. None of them ever working an honest day in their whole lives, for truthful pay, like everyone else. And this day was not any different.
  Off they went into the night, to cause nothing but trouble for anyone who crossed their path. 
  It was now about ten-thirty and the whole town was asleep. The wind was howling and the plan to commit a crime was well under way and right on time. 
  The three “Missouri Rats” finally got to the county fair stables after a short and bumpy ride. Jupiter and Apollo were inside a large cloth tent. It had been erected just for the two of them. And there they were safe and warm, for the time being. 
  Black Jack parked Baron Von Beck’s stolen milk-truck and the wagon around the back of the tent. He then turned off the engine. A loud clank and clang was heard; finally, the motor died out. 
  Cool Joe and Black Jack exited the warmth of the truck, venturing now to the front of the tent, while Rags stayed behind to be the look out. Both Rats started surveillance of the tent from all angles and all sides, just to make sure that no one saw what they were doing. 
  The coast looked clear. 
  The snowy night and blustery winds had driven everyone inside for the time being, which was just what Black Jack wanted.
    “Nobody’s around Joe.”
    “Yep...I see that.”
    “This is goin to be easy grabbins,” said Black Jack who was very pleased, that his plan was going to be, pulled-off without a single hitch “yeah just as I thought it would be…” 
    “Yes sir…easy grabbins Black Jack”, said Cool Joe as he rubbed his two mittens together in delight.
  Both slowly entered the front of the tent with the blindfolds and rope in hand. Jupiter and Apollo where quiet and happy, with their backsides to the front entrance, and were munching some hay when they heard a loud noise behind them. 
  Black Jack had kicked over a small metal water bucket, while sneaking through the front entrance, this startled Jupiter and Apollo.
  Both horses suddenly jolted and reared up in fright after seeing what had entered the tent! 
    “Grab him Joe!” yelled out Black Jack.
    “I’ll get him…he’s all mine now,” shouted back Cool Joe.
  Jupiter's eyes shot dead center, right at the two intruders as he spun around to defend himself. Jupiter gave Black Jack (who was now standing only about three feet away from him) a deathly stare. When both of their eyes locked, Jupiter let out a high ear-piercing whinny that shot right through, Black Jack’s ears. Black Jack covered them both for a moment, all the while giving Jupiter an evil-stare down. 
  Jupiter turned backwards, away from Black Jack, showing his mighty hindquarters to him and was ready to deliver, a well-placed kick in his direction. 
  Upon seeing this, Cool Joe immediately sprang into action; jumping onto the top of a very large water barrel stored nearby. Then with one stupendous lung, he was upon Jupiter’s back.
Apollo tried to wedge himself in between Jupiter and Cool Joe, to stop what was happening; but Cool Joe was just too fast, and already was a step of ahead of him. 
  It had all happened so quickly that Apollo just couldn't react in time. Cool Joe had already managed to partial wrangle a blindfold over Jupiter's eyes and a rope around his neck. 
  Moreover, just like that! 
  Cool Joe: hog-tied Jupiter and adjusted the blindfold so fast; that he surely must have done this type of thing a hundred times before. Black Jack and Cool Joe had lowered-the-boom on Jupiter before…he even…truthfully…had a chance to know what was going on. 
  Black Jack grabbed the rope that was holding Jupiter from Cool Joe's hands and fought with Jupiter, as he backed up again, and tried to flee from the grasp of the rope around his neck. Cool Joe was like lightning on the loose as he, dismounted Jupiter.
    “One down and one to go” howled out a hysterical Cool Joe.
    “Yeah one horse-napped, and one to go,” screeched out Black Jack…“just, easy money Joe!”
  Cool Joe now turned all of his wrath, and cunning, and that horrible smile of his towards poor Apollo. 
Apollo spun away from Jupiter for a moment. Then found himself well within Cool Joe's deathly gaze. 
  Apollo opened his eyes wide.
  Cool Joe spun a rope in his hands…just staring Apollo down.
  Apollo was steadfastly frozen in place; lost in total fear!
    “Ice…!” bellowed out a wild, and out of control Joe.
  Apollo slowly leaned forward to get a closer look at Cool Joe…paused a second…looked again...then he saw the full array of those awful teeth gleaming at him, in the pale light that was cast from a single lantern, hanging high above inside the tent. He could not have been more than a foot away from Cool Joe and those horrible broken, green teeth. In the dim light of the gas-lamp, Cool Joe's teeth looked like they belonged in a scary old jack-o'-lantern, or teeth you would see on a dead man, laying in his casket in a graveyard. 
  They were ghastly!
  Joe smiled again as wide as he could to let Apollo take in the complete and utter disgust of them, in all their glory. 
  Apollo's face: contorted uncontrollably, then strangely twisted and knotted up from fear. He let out a terrible sound, like no horse that has ever lived on earth, had ever made before. The glass covers over the gas-lamps shattered above their heads, raining glass down on everything below. 
  Apollo reared up in terror. Then with one mammoth effort, he bolted right pass Cool Joe, out through the two flaps at the front entrance of the tent and straightaway down main-street, heading off into the snowy night, never to be, heard from, again.
    “Get's em every time,” said Cool Joe laughing hysterically…”get’s em every…single time.” 
  Jupiter fought off the two intruders as long as he could but it only put off the agony. Cool Joe and Black Jack finally managed to get Apollo out of the tent and into the back of the Baron’s wagon, hitched behind the milk-truck. 
  Rags came out of the front cab to help out, and they all three tied Jupiter up good-and-tight on both sides of the wagon, then tightened up the cloth blindfold around his head one more time. Off they went into the night, towards the train station. 
  It was about ten-thirty by now and it was getting late into the evening and well into the misdeed as they had planned. 
  The “Rats” had a half-hour left, to get their prized cargo: down to the train station, load Jupiter into a boxcar and skip out of town. 
  The wind and snowstorm was howling harder and louder than ever before, and it was tuning out to be one of the nastiest of storms that had ever come down on Centerville, and the most un-luckiest of nights for poor old Jupiter and Apollo. 

~Chapter 12~
The Water Tower 

  Trying to keep the milk-truck and wagon on the road with Jupiter inside was no easy task. This night the weather was just terrible. The two front headlamps of the truck threw off very little light, and only lit the road a few feet head. Inside the cab of the truck, all three “Rats” started singing that old song that, they had sung before when they first saw Jupiter earlier in the day: WE LOVE TO BE BAD...WE LOVE TO BE BAD. 
  The song was sung repeatedly to everyone's delight, as the truck ambled along the road, with the snowstorm outside raging all around.
  Chug was still on lookout for Baron Von Beck’s milk-truck, from his perch high up on the water tower. Chug thought he could finally now see the faint glow from front headlights, and could now make out the form of the milk-truck rumbling down the road. 
  Finally, when the truck was closer and more visible, Chug called down to Charlie.
    “They're coming Charlie.”
    “Are you sure Chug?”
    “Yeah I’m pretty sure.”
    “Can you see Jupiter?” yelled out Louis after hearing all the commotion.
    “It’s them Charlie. I can now see em clearer. They're coming! I can see Jupiter; he's in the back, all tied down, and blindfolded. Get ready now.”
     “I’m Ready Chug?” hollered out Charlie from behind a snowdrift, off to the left of the loading dock. 
    “I’m ready as well Chug” called out Louis from down below.
  As the milk-truck and wagon-with Jupiter in it-got closer and closer to the train station you could, faintly hear the sound of the Lucky 7, steam train shaking along the train tracks. Three loud bursts of the train’s steam-whistle could be heard coming from over a distant low-lying hill. 
  Charlie looked towards the road searching for Jupiter then looked down the train tracks at the Lucky 7 that was now coming into view. The train was about a mile away, you could see the bright white light of the train’s over-sized center headlight, starting to light up the train tracks. 
   The water tower began to shake and shimmy back and forth, from the train’s giant steel wheels scraping over the wooden and steel rails below it. Louis almost fell off the water pipe, and down onto a snowdrift below, as the train started to come over another small hill closer towards them. 
  The train's engineer was leaning out of the front cab of the train, straining to see the loading dock and red stoplights. He blasted two more loud whistles of the tremendous steam-whistle, to announce their impending arrival. The front headlight of the train grew brighter and clearer now, as the train approached.
  Charlie looked up at Chug, then over at Louis as they were holding on for dear life; the water tower was violently shaking as the train thundered towards the station. 
  The Lucky 7 now began to slow with the sound of the wheel-break starting to overtake, the sound of the train’s wheels rolling over the tracks; until at last you could see the enormous black train less than a quarter mile away.
  Knowing that the first part of the plan was in the works already, Chug released his grasp lightly from the wooden ladder, but held on just enough to slide right down the water tower ladder, right past Louis, who was still sitting on the large outflow water pipe. 
  Having long arms does have its advantages. Chug, was perfectly fitted for his job. But Chug had gathered up a little too much speed as he slid down the ladder, and hit the snow covered ground below…with a soft…thump, spun a few somersaults, then hit another large snowdrift with a silent thud. 
  He popped up out of the snowdrift with his eyes as wide open as, an owl searching for a mouse in the dark, he shook his head from side-to-side to clear off the snow, jumped on his feet, then ran off towards the barrels of molasses found inside the station. 
  The look on his face was that of complete exhilaration.
  Black Jack finally pulled the milk-truck into the train station with just enough time to spare. All three “Rats” jumped out of the truck, and quickly approached the old man's office. 
  Mr. Wrinkleman seeing the headlights from the train and milk-wagon approaching came outside to introduce himself. 
  The trains whistle blew twice more, loud and clear to announce its arrival. 
  The old man stepped forward, raised his hearing aid to his ear to hear what Black was saying, shook his hand firmly, and then sold him three tickets for the eleven o'clock train to Saint Louis. 
    “Little bit of a storm we’ve got going here.”
    “It sure is-a blowin hard,” said Black Jack.
    “It's so bad it almost looks like an ice storm,” said the old man. 
    “Yeah, I like ice;” said Cool Joe smiling as he stepped into the pale light of the gas-lamp overhead “just gives me the warm-fuzzies inside”. 
    “The lucky Number 7 leaving at eleven o'clock to Saint Louis is, pulling into the station right on time. She'll fully be in the station in a few minutes. Now I'm a little hard of hearing, so I cannot hear the whistle much anymore, but I sure felt the rumble of the ground, and look, here you can see the light of the train coming down the tracks. You can just stay here under the front overhang out of the snow if you like.” 
  The old man then headed off for the warmth of his office, to monitor the telegraph line for any more word of help from, the Mayor or the Chief of Police.
    “Were almost finished Black Jack, all we got to do is just unload Jupiter and away we go,” said Cool Joe “easy street, I tell ya, it’s gonna be easy street.”
    “Ya got that right…yep...easy street...you toothless...birdbrain...”  
  All three started to head towards the back of the wagon passing right under the large water pipe, which hid Louis (who was up above).
  Just as Black Jack and Rags started to open the back of the wagon and unload Jupiter, out jumped Charlie from behind a large snowdrift with a mighty vault. He let out a monstrous breath of cold, steamy air from his two flaring nostrils, blowing his great and mighty breadth upon all three of the crooks, who were now standing thunderstruck before him. Charlie took a wide stance that was, meant to defy all three and throw fear into their ever-shrinking hearts. 
  Charlie: raised his head high with a look of complete defiance in his eyes, reared up in the air, and kicked his hooves out in front of him, in contempt. He then let out a loud whinny and proclaimed, “Jupiter's rescue is at hand!” 
  Charlie yelled out so loud and so forceful, and in such a commanding voice that Louis and Chug covered their ears in fright.
  Black Jack Tilley, Rags Martin, and Cool Joe Biggs at the sight of Charlie rearing up into the air, retreated as quickly as they could. All fell and stumbled backwards in the snow as they tried to turn and run. 
  The three, “Rats” quickly scrambled away from Charlie as best they could, stood up then, tried to gain control of their senses. 
  Charlie whinnied loudly again, at the top of his lungs! 
  All three “Rats” had fear in their eyes.
  Charlie stood up on his two hind legs once again, to show off his true size.
  All three finally scampered off in haste, bolting for the safety of the loading dock and as far away from Charlie as they could get. 
  Charlie: lunged forward a few feet…paused for a moment…and then sprang right off the ground, flying up in the air right over their heads onto the wooden loading platform to block their escape. 
  Black Jack reached for something shiny that was tucked into his rear pants pocket. He advanced flashing the thin metal object so that Charlie could see it, as he turned to face him. Charlie couldn't quite make out what the object Black Jack now held in his left hand was, but he sure didn't want to wait to see anymore; he immediately gave a mighty kick to Black Jack's hand. The metal sheave was kicked free out of his hand. It was lost from sight as it fell into the snowdrift, below the platform. 
    “Get him Black Jack!” yelled out Rags. 
    “Get that extra rope from the back of the truck Joe,” said Black Jack “we’ve got us another horse-napping to do”. 
  Charlie reared up again: he kicked Cool Joe and Black Jack at the same time in the butt, which sent them flying across the train tracks, right in front of the bellowing steam train, as it now came to a thunderous halt in front of the station. 
  The steam from the train’s brakes, and engine engulfed the entire platform and all of the “Rats” for one long …difficult moment. The sound of the train’s breaks coming to a halt was deafening. It pierced the thin cold air, traveling right down into the souls of everyone present. 
  The snowstorm raged on all around the train station, as the energized wind was howling all about. 
  Seeing this turn of events Rags took off running towards the front of the truck. Charlie jumped off the platform, cutting him off in the process. He kicked Rags in one side, sending him tumbling backwards, back over by Cool Joe and Black Jack. 
    “Get em, Charlie,” yelled out Louis from above “show em who’s boss”.
    “Kick em again” shouted out Chug from behind the molasses barrels.
  Charlie had a wild look in his eyes, as he took another bold stance. 
  All three “Rats” started running as fast as they could, back into the train station, towards the old man’s office. Charlie now had all three dashing right where he wanted them, back towards the station and into the waiting trap. 
    “Now Louis now”, shouted out Charlie, is his loudest voice “pull the lever!”
    “I’ll get em Charlie!” shouted back Louis. 
  Louis grabbed the large metal lever, pulling it down with all his might. He kicked the side of the water tower, forcing the outflow-pipe into position right above their heads then opened the water spicket. Freezing cold water came gushing down, all over their bodies and with the force of the water coming down, it knocked all three off their feet, pushing them closer to where Chug was hiding. 
    “I got em Charlie. I got em good!” screamed out Louis from above.
  Charlie quickly turned around one last time, kicking all three of them at once, back inside the train station, towards the base of the stacked molasses barrels. 
    “Now Chug,” bellowed out Charlie in Chug's direction “push with all your might”. 
    “You got it Charlie. Let’s let em have it.”
  Chug upon hearing this command by Charlie pushed over the over-sized barrels of molasses with a mighty heave. 
  They broke wide open with a loud, ‘thud”! 
  The barrels split in two, sending molasses careening out to cover all in its path with a thick layer of cold, sweet syrup. As the syrup flowed over Cool Joe, Rags, and Black Jack, it held them steadfast to the floor inside the station. The gushing water faded away, falling down off the loading dock, and from inside the train station. 
  The molasses started to freeze solid, as the water and air hit all at once. 
    “Look at this. All clean and sweet smelling”, said Charlie with laughter in his voice as he walked up to the crooks that were covered from head-to-toe in sweet molasses, and frozen solid, to the wooden platform. 
  Louis shimmed down from the water tower and hurriedly ran over next to Charlie. Chug, Louis and Charlie all jumped up and down in delight at the sight of all three crooks captured, and sealed fast into place.
    “We got em all Charlie, just like you planned. It went just like you said it would Charlie!” yelled Chug as he continued to jump up and down. 
    “Get me out of here Rags ya…snot blowing idiot!” cried out Black Jack as he struggled to free himself. 
    “Man I’m stuck as well. How am I supposed to git ya help?” blurted out Rags.
  Rags turned and licked some of the molasses. 
    “Caught for the tenth time Black Jack” said a laughing Cool Joe who had a sinister smirk on his face.
    “Yeah caught for the tenth time…” snickered back Rags. 
  Rags turned and licked some of the molasses off his shirt. Seeing this Black Jack slapped him in the back of the head with his one free hand, which incited laughter from Louis and Chug.
  Both Rags and Cool Joe thought that was funny as can be and started to laugh right out loud again. 
  The old man came back out of his office after all the, yelling and commotion had died down to see what had happened. 
    “We'll I finally got a hold of the Mayor and the Chief of Police. They’ll get here as fast as they can. The storm out there tonight is making it tough on em to get here. I'd give em another half hour at least; and look at that, you captured those crooks all by yourself and you didn’t need any help after all. Well you guys are going to be real town heroes…I tell ya…real hero’s” said the old man as he scratched his head in disbelief. He turned slowly heading straightaway, back into his office, and out of the dreadful weather.
  Louis looked over at Chug and smiled. 
  Charlie and Chug headed back over to the back of the milk wagon. There stood Jupiter all tied up from head-to-toe. He was shivering from the cold, and had a large blindfold covering his eyes. 
  Charlie and Chug could not believe what they saw. 
  There was the great Jupiter tied up and blindfolded. Charlie asked Chug to un-tie Jupiter and bring him down, out of the back of the wagon as fast as he could.
    “Jupiter its Chug…do you remember me? I saw you by the horse stables earlier today. I was with Louis and Charlie the ice-horse. We found out you were being horse-napped, and we came here to save you.”
  Jupiter let out a faint whiney.
    “We’re here to set you free. We just caught the three bad guys you know the horse-nappers! We caught em for ya Jupiter. Yeah, all three of em at once…and Charlie planned the whole thing. You remember Charlie don’t you? You met him today at the fair” said a very excited Chug as he quickly un-tied Jupiter and got him down from the wagon. 
    “Aw he doesn’t remember me” said Charlie as he slowly walked over and stood next to Jupiter.   
  Jupiter did not say a word to anyone. He just stood there in apparent shock. 
    “Get him up on the loading dock Chug and get some blankets from the old man inside. Let’s try to get him warmed up. He doesn’t look to good.” 
  Chug took Jupiter: to a backroom behind the loading dock, placed a few blankets on him that he found on a bunk bed, then started back towards the wagon to help Charlie all he could.
    “Let's get all three crooks into the back of the wagon and tie em up good and tight with their own rope. We’ll watch em…until the police get here,” said Chug. 
    “Good idea” said Charlie as he bit Rags, and then Cool Joe on the back of their collars, pulling them up out of the sticky, frozen molasses. Charlie placed Rags and Cool Joe into the back of the wagon with Chugs help, as Chug started to tie them up real tight so they wouldn't get away. 
  Louis was left to watch over Black Jack all by himself, while his two friends were busy at the back of the wagon. It seemed to Louis as if Charlie and Chug were gone a long, long time. He started to get a little nervous about watching over Black Jack Tilly all by himself. 
  Then…the worst happened…!
  When Charlie came back from the rear of the milk-truck and towards the front of the loading dock, Black Jack and Louis had…had...just…disappeared…into thin air.
  Both had vanished without a trace…!
   Charlie looked to his left side, and then to his right, trying to see out and into the raging snow storm that was still blowing all around them.
  Charlie became immediately alarmed. He yelled out Louis's name. 
    “Louis…Louis!” he yelled out repeatedly, with panic ringing in his voice, “Louis where you are…where are…?” 
  Chug came around to the front of the train station, with his jaw dropping to his chest in disbelief, upon hearing Charlie calling out. Straight off, he began to call out as well. 
    “Louis, where are you? Can you hear me? Louis! Louis!” 
  No answer; not a squeak was returned or heard. 
  There was only heard, the sounds of the snowflakes falling, and the wild winter winds, blowing all about. 
  The steam trains lone front light shone brightly on Charlie and Chug, as they stood face-to-face on the platform, in front of the belching steam train. You could see the blowing snow through the trains light and the two lone, troubled figures standing there, with the look of utter fear and dread, written across their faces. 
  Louis is in considerable trouble, thought Charlie. 
  How could I have left Black Jack and Louis alone together?
  How stupid could I have been, to underestimate Black Jack Tilly? 
  Black Jack had wiggled himself free from the frozen molasses and grasped Louis from behind, when he had turned his back. Louis had turned just for a moment to see if the old man had gotten into the office all right, and that was all the time that Black Jack needed to free himself, then grab Louis.
  Black Jack from one of the train station's storage bins had pinched an old seed-bag. He had bagged Louis when he wasn't looking. Black Jack then: stormed into the old man's office with great speed and cunning, got the drop on the old man hitting him in the back of his head, with one swift blow of a large book that he had found lying nearby. That was all it took to render the old man unconscious.
  Black Jack found dry clothes and a thick heavy jacket in the train station's locker room.
  He was off with Louis in-tow. 
  Thrown over his right shoulder like a sack of potatoes, Louis was carried off into the night's darkness, before anyone knew what had happened.
  Louis had never been in a more dangerous situation in his entire young life. Louis had fought off; cave-bears, pirates and Indians; while daydreaming…but never in real life. Charlie's feelings and forewarnings in the barn earlier were right. This was something Charlie should have taken care of himself. Ten-year old boys should be out on a warm sunny summer days playing baseball in the park, and riding snow sleds during the wintertime, not fighting bad guys, and saving famous racehorses from horse-nappers.
  Louis was in “deep trouble” and Charlie grew more and more worried, with every ticking second that found Louis away from him. 
  By all accounts, this could be the end of Louis! 
  As Louis was surrounded by darkness, and being carried off through the night: he thought of his mom Hattie May back home and of her baking apples pies for the county fair, he also thought about the beautiful blue and white speckled dress, she wore that one special day; after “The Big Game”. His thoughts also wandered off to: Molly and her “big red lips” and “how much he missed her”, then most of all he thought about “his father” and the last hug he ever had given him; before was called away to serve his country.
  This made Louis ever so sad, and more deathly scared all at the same time. 
  All assortments of emotions swept over him, as he was led away, tied-up in a gunny-sac by Black Jack…and off…not to a fate of his choosing.
    “Charlie, I'm here!” faintly yelled out Louis into the howling snowstorm…“I'm over here...” 
    “Ain't, no one goin to hear you kid. Were long gone, and just listen to that wind blowing. Ain't nobody goin to come to save ya this time” said Black Jack as he shuffled along as quickly as he could.
    “Charlie where are you? It’s your Louis...” 
    “I should have taken care of you, when I saw ya by that water-trough at the fair earlier today. I knew ya were up to no good.” 
  He then violently shook the bag up and down that held Louis, for fun, just to scare him that much more. 
    “Charlie, I’m in here. Help…Charlie…help…”
    “I told ya…he ain’t gonna hear ya kid…you’re a goner fer sure...”
  I need you Charlie now! Where is my best friend in the whole world, thought Louis, as shear panic overtook him? 
  It was just in his most dire moment of need that Louis remembered, the small singular “magic silver bell” that hung around his thin neck. The bell that Charlie had given him, that night before the hayride; which now seemed so long ago.   
  Charlie had told Louis something special that day. 
    “Louis, just ring the bell anytime, and anywhere if you're ever in trouble, and I will be able to hear its magical chime…and I will come to your rescue.” 
  Louis: reached down into his shirt, fumbled with the thin leather string found around his neck (for a few moments), then thrust the bell up and out of his shirt. He grabbed it in his left hand, shaking it with all his might. 
  How could this tiny bell be heard from inside the hopelessness of this bag, in the dark, and through this driving snow and windstorm, thought Louis? It was just impossible. Repeatedly he feverishly shook the bell, in complete fear and desperation. 
  Black Jack by now had Louis well away from the train station, and almost back to the old yellow farmhouse, where the plot had started to first unravel. His new plan now was to; hot-wire another truck, get out of Centerville, and as far away from Charlie, just as fast as he could, and head without further ado over to Saint Louis. From there he would be able to ransom off Louis, and still get those two-thousand dollars anyway. 
    Easy…street!” 
    Yep easy…street!
  Black Jack slogged and lumbered forward as silently as possible, through the ever-growing snowdrifts. 
  Black Jack had had enough: of that old barnyard horse Charlie, that old man at the train station, those two snooping boys and Centerville. Nobody gets the drop on Ole’ Black Jack Tilly when he sets his mind to something, thought Black Jack as he could now see the old yellow farmhouse off in the distance. 
  Just then, Black Jack thought he heard a chilling voice, calling out in the night. 
    “Not one more step...”
  Black Jack stopped in his tracks, turning to look backwards.
  It was a voice so soft, and so low, it could barely be heard within the sounds of the snowstorm raging all about. 
    “Black Jack…I said…”
  Black Jack again, thought he heard a voice in the wind.
  Black Jack started up for a second time towards the farmhouse.
    “I...said...” 
  He stopped in his tracks once more to look around. He instantly looked to his left and then back to his right, not see anything. Therefore, he started yet again, but this time but with much quicker steps.
    “Not one more step…I said...!” 
  This time he was sure the voice was real, spinning around with Louis slung across his back, heading directly away, from where he thought he last heard the foreboding voice. 
  As Black Jack turned immediately back towards the other direction, he swiftly came, face-to-face, and walked straight into an enraged Charlie, who was now standing, smack in his way. 
  Charlie bent way down, by folding his two front forelegs together, under his heaving chest, placing his long forehead, to not more than six inches away, from Black Jack's ugly face. 
  Black Jack upon seeing Charlie this close was just…thunderstruck. 
  Charlie after: staring straight into Black Jack eyes (which seemed like an eternity), now reared way up on his hindquarters, took a mighty leap in the air, landing boldly on the earth again, throwing out snow in all directions. He let out a might whinny, proclaiming in a loud thundering voice that rang out into snowy heavens above. 
    “My uncle was, “Bocephous the Mighty” who lead Alexander the Greats armies into battles in ancient Greece! My cousin was Benedetto the Good who lead Marco Polo into the New World, and I am “Charlie the Barnyard Horse Who Delivers the Ice! I Command You To, “LET MY LOUIS GO!”
  Upon this thunderous announcement by Charlie, Black Jack became instantly frozen in place with fear.
  He went daft for a moment.
  Charlie focused his mighty stare completely on Black Jack, shooting fear into his black soul. 
  Black Jack: dropped the bag with Louis in it off his shoulder, shook from side to side fanatically, his round beady eyes rolled back into his bald, fat head, then he understandably, fainted and fell backwards right in place, right where he had just stood. 
  Charlie let out a triumphant, high whinny at seeing Black Jack laid flat on his back in the snow, passed out cold. 
  Then another high whinny! 
  Charlie was quick to act, pulling with his teeth at the top of the bag that was now lying in the snow nearby. With one hard tug of the string holding the bag closed, the bag burst open, and out popped Louis. 
    “Charlie!” 
    “You found me! 
    “And just like that…there you are...my...Louis!”
    “The bell worked just as you said it would. I knew you could do it Charlie. 
    “The bell…wha-t…a...bell?”   
    “I just knew you would come for me, you’re the best friend a boy ever had ever in the whole wide world Charlie. Yep the bell Charlie...” 
    “Bell…say wha-t…?”
  Louis gave Charlie the biggest hug ever around his neck. It was so tight, and so true that Charlie thought he was going to faint into the snow right next to Black Jack. Charlie was so happy to see Louis safe that he let out another big whinny. Charlie's whinny: rung out high over the tops of the snow-filled trees, elsewhere through the blowing snow, cut into the driving wind and reached deep into the valley below. 
  Chug who was back at the train station, and standing out on the loading dock waiting for the Chief of Police to arrive, heard a mighty triumphant whinny echoing off the valley floor. He knew from that point on, that Louis and Charlie were safe, and that all were well. 
    “Louis, there's one small thing that I forgot to tell you,” said Charlie as he gave Louis a loving nudge with his long nose “it’s something about that bell.”
    “Wha-t, Charlie,” said Louis with a quizzical look on his face…“wha-t about the bell?” 
    “Well you see Louis…I never knew if the story was true…or not…ah…about the bell. I mean the bell had…er…has...never been tested, or ever used ever before.”
    “What did you say Charlie?” Wha-t? Wha-t…?”
    “Ah…Louis…”
    “You mean to tell me, that I believed that story about the bell all this time, and you didn't even know yourself, if the story was true or not, or if that bell even worked?” yelled out Louis as he started to get mad at the idea of it all. 
    “Well Louis don't be getting mad at me. Mr. Beamer told me the story about that magic bell, and that Santa Claus had given it to him at the North Pole…and I just… ah…er...just wasn’t sure…if I believed him or not. 
    “Charlie…you…!”
    “So Louis I told you that my family owned the bell, because I knew you wouldn’t believe it to be magical…if I said I got it from Mr. Beamer.”
    “Man…oh…man Charlie…it…I…”
    “Louis I just followed Black Jack's tracks in the snow. That's how I found you. I didn't even think about a bell. I was just confused. I thought I heard a bell but I wasn't sure Louis. There was just so much wind, and snow blowing...and you were gone and I’m kind of “old and hard of hearing myself”, like that old man at the train station. Sorry Louis.” 
  Both Louis and Charlie locked eyes for a moment. Both took a deep breath together and then just stood there in the falling snow to think about all they had been against. 
    “Well how about that…a real magic bell…huh Louis?” 
    “Worked great didn't it? Charlie you're really gonna to get it someday.” 
  They then both started to laugh as loud, and as hard, as they ever have before.
    “Well, I couldn't tell you before about the bell Louis. It was just a great story and I thought you’d believe it, so how could I let you down after that. I never thought you'd try, and use the darned thing.”
    “Charlie...”
    “Louis...”
    “Well let's get Black Jack back to the train station before he wakes up. The Mayor or the Chief of Police has got to be there by now.”
    “You’re right Louis. Let’s get going before we freeze to death out here.” 
  Charlie wrapped up the un-conscience Black Jack in the same old seed bag that had held Louis just minutes before. Louis tied it at the top extra tight to make sure he wouldn't escape again. Charlie grabbed the top of the bag with his teeth and both he and Louis started back through the snow towards the train station. 
  When they finally arrived with Black Jack, the Mayor, Chug, the Chief of Police, Mr. Wrinkleman, and Turk the Blacksmith were all there waiting for them on the loading dock.
    “Louis you’re alright! I just knew it...,” yelled out Chug.
    “Of course I am alright. I’ve got Charlie to watch out for me.”
    “Of course I do Louis. You’re “my master”. I was sent here to watch out for you.”
    “What Charlie…what was that…”
    “Never mind that now Louis…,” said Charlie. 
    “We caught this wet, cold, smelly rat out in the snow. Think there's room for one more low-down rat in the back of that wagon?” asked Louis, as they finally were completely visible, in the lights of the train station. 
  Charlie was holding the old sac in his teeth when they walked up. With a mighty heave, he threw the gunny-sac up onto the loading dock. 
    “Louis. Charlie. You're both OK”, blurted out Turk with relief in his eyes at seeing his two old friends again. 
    “I heard you call out Charlie, about a half hour ago or so,” said Chug as he walked over and gave Charlie and Louis, a reassuring, and friendly hug “and I was just positive you both were OK. Glad to see you Louis.”
    “Glad to see you as well Chug. I was almost a goner…a real goner…for sure.”
  Mr. Wrinkleman stepped forward.
    “After I finally got a hold of someone over at the telegraph station, I turned and whack! I was out like a bear hibernating in winter. We were all so worried about you Louis. I'm so sorry. Black Jack got the drop on me when I wasn't looking, and hit me right in the back of my head. When I woke up you both were gone. It was just awful”, said the old man as he went about rubbing the back of head again. 
    “Well, we got Louis back, and that's all that matters,” said Charlie as he turned and gave another loving look at his best friend.
    “That’s right…we have both kids with us safely and that’s all that truly matters,” said Turk.
    “Well Louis you should have found me earlier today. I was at the fair all day…right over by the main stage, oh well,” said the police chief.  
  The Chief of Police and Turk advanced over to untie the bag with Black Jack in it. When the bag dropped around Black Jack's feet, Turk reached out one of his large muscled forearms over the top of the bag, reached overhead, and grabbed the scruff of Black Jack's shirt. He lifted Black Jack straight up into the air, giving him a violent shaking.
    “Everybody out”, said a laughing Turk. 
    “Yes…everybody…show yourself,” said a smiling Chug.
    “There ain't no flees on him. Flees don't like the smell of wet rats either” said Louis laughing right along with Turk and Chug. 
  All present joined in at this remark, having a good, long, hard laugh.
  As Black Jack was corralled into the back of the waiting wagon, Turk asked him in that deep voice of his “Black Jack Tilly, that's an odd and unusual name. How'd you get it anyway?” 
    “Well, you see I was named after my daddy that's how I got Black Jack, and my mom always wanted a girl. That's how I got the name Tilly.” 
  Everyone just busted up in laughter again at the image of Black Jack being all dressed up like a girl. 
  Rags Martin and Cool Joe were startled at the sight of Black Jack hog-tied and thrown into the back of wagon with them. 
  “We thought you left us to fend for ourselves…yeah…ya double-crossed us,” said Cool Joe as he grinned threateningly at Black Jack “when we saw you run off with that bag on your shoulder.” 
    “I wasn't double-crossing or ditchin you guys. I was just goin to git more help…ya know…to bust ya-s…both out later”, said Black Jack while he started backing up into the far corner of the wagon, as far away as he could get from Cool Joe. Cool Joe just grinned wildly at Black Jack, took off his jacket, and pulled up his t-shirt, to show his “ice casket tattoo” off again. 
  He spoke directly to Black Jack.
    “As I said before if any of you dirty rats out there every double-crosses me. I puts…em on ice... and I mean…fer good!”
    “Cool…Joe…ah…Joe…now...”
  As the milk-truck pulled away from the train station, with Turk, the Chief of Police, and the Mayor in the front seat, you could hear all manner of strange noises coming from the back of the wagon. 
  Heard were thuds and thumps, punches, slaps, shrieks and wild laughter. Then all heard, a faint lively song coming from the back of the wagon, as it proceeded on farther and farther down away from view. 
  WE LOVE TO BE BAD...WE LOVE TO BE BAD...WE LOVE TO BE BAD.


The story of: “The Thieves in the Night” and how Louis, Chug, and Charlie spoiled the horse-napping was sure to travel fast, and get out soon. The whole county, and maybe even the whole state, would be talking about it. 
  The train station, the water tower, the molasses barrels, Jupiter all tied up, Louis being kidnapped, and the snowstorm. It all sounded so fantastic, that a grand celebration was certainly in order…in the very near future. 


















~Chapter 13~
A Parade

  The new day broke with excitement in the air. The early morning sun shone brightly overhead, and the snowstorm from a few nights before had passed on to the south, leaving beautiful white virgin snowdrifts all across the fields and valleys of Centerville. The barren pine, birch, and cedar trees were covered in a blanket of white snowy delight. The turning of the season hung in the thin winter air. Everyone found joy in their heart, this day.
  CHARLIE FOILS CAPER!! 
  EXTRA…! EXTRA...!  
  Thieves in the Night, recaptured by local boys!...blared out the front page of   
  The Sunday morning…“Centerville Gazette”.     
  There was a fine picture of Jupiter, the bank robbers, Charlie and both boys on the front page. The incredible news spread fast around Centerville, eventually making its way up to the Governor's office, up north to the state's capitol, in Indianapolis.
  Hattie May was so proud of her son that she and Mrs. Beamer decided to invite some of the local Ladies in town, over for a big tea party, and cotillion to be held in Louis’s honor; bright and early on Sunday morning. There was just so much to talk about with all the other Ladies, about her son being a “big hero” and all, and of course with Charlie living right down in Mrs. Beamer's barn. 
  Turns out the word about the “big-heist”, the foiled horse napping, and Louis being a hero, got out to everyone in town faster than Hattie May and Mrs. Beamer had believed possible. Now all the Ladies in the neighborhood wanted to come over that morning for the “big party” and not just the ones that Hattie May had invited. 
  This could end up being the biggest social event in the town this year, and Hattie May could not be any happier. It could even end up being bigger than the swearing in of the new mayor just last year.
  The entire group of invited (and uninvited Ladies) showed up that morning in Hattie May’s kitchen in their finest Sunday-hats, and most respectable dresses. Each carried with them some sort of sugary and sweet delight. There were baskets of fresh baked bread, freshly cooked biscuits, Danish, or cheeses and milk from their finest milking-cows. 
  As all the Ladies gathered around in Hattie May's living room and kitchen, Hattie May just talked on and on about, how Louis had saved Jupiter from the three escapees. 
    “Did you hear?,” asked Hattie May “that Louis was up on the water tower and jumped right on top of all three of them, knocking them right out, and then he captured them all, entirely by himself.” She started to embellish the story without even realizing it. 
    “No, that's not right Hattie May. Charlie, knocked all of them out all with those molasses barrels, tied them up by himself, and then called the Chief of Police,” said Mrs. Beamer. 
  “No, you both have it wrong. It was Chug who planned the whole thing at Mr. Beamer's barn the night of the kidnapping, he then sent a wire for the Chief of Police at the train station” said another one of the Ladies. 
  As all the Society-Ladies that Sunday morning were sipping fresh brewed tea, dining on fresh baked pastries, and were found deep in conversations; there was a sudden and loud knock on the front door. Of all things, it was the Mayor's wife and the wife of the Chief of Police. Both had come by to hear the unbelievable story about Charlie, Louis, and Chug first hand. 
    “Bernice Penneywell…how is the Mayor doing this morning?” inquired Mrs. Beamer in a questioning tone “I heard he had quite a fright the other night”. 
    “Mrs. Pinkerman how is your husband the Police Chief doing,” asked Hattie May “I’ll bet you he's happy to get those bank robbers behind bars again? Come in…come in, and have a seat at the kitchen table over here next to me.” 
    “Oh, were all so very happy that those three horrible crooks got caught. Can you believe Louis, Chug, and Charlie are at the heart, of this entire awful matter? Who would have dreamed this would have happened to them?” asked Mrs. Pinkerman while she shook her head in disbelief. 
  The Ladies were all reading the Sunday morning papers, contemplating the newspaper photos, and digesting the story over and over, until they thought they had all, gotten the story right. 
    “Charlie is the real hero!,” said Beatrice, the Police Chief's wife “he gave Chug and Louis a ride on his back to the train station in that driving snowstorm the other night, before the crooks showed up, thought up that clever plan and then rescued Louis, after he was kidnapped.”
    “Yes! Yes! That's correct”, interjected another Lady standing in the back of the kitchen. 
  Mrs. Beamer was just grinning from ear to ear at all the excitement. She had all the high-society girls in her very own home, and the Mayor's wife and the Chief of Police's wife were, sitting right at her own dining room table.
    “Would you like some more fresh brewed tea and sweet biscuits Mrs. Penneywell?” asked Hattie May. 
  Hattie May had opened up every window in the kitchen to let all of the morning sunshine inside. She was, found this morning wearing her best Sunday dress for the occasion. She looked just dazzling in her favorite blue skirt, with the white speckles. She put on a new white ruffled shirt and tied the brightest red ribbon onto the top of her head.
  Everyone present that morning at some time or another commented on how nice Hattie May looked, and how happy she seemed to be, about her son being: “a-real- honest-to-goodness-hero”. 
  A few more neighbors showed up. Hattie May was forced to greet them in the living room this time, because the kitchen was so crowded. She directly went back off into the kitchen to brew some more tea, and bring out a few more, fresh baked apple pies. When she returned with the hot tea and pies in hand Janie Parker, Tessie Whitman, Mildred Walters and Hot-Tamale Molly were now entering through the wide-open front double-Dutch doors. They all wanted to congratulate Louis, Chug, and Charlie, and find out what really had happened the other night. 
    “Oh, this is starting to be all too much. I don't think I will have enough pies or tea for everyone gathered,” said en excited Hattie May.
    “Where’s Louis and Charlie?” asked Molly.
    “Of course...yes, where’s the heroes and my Chug?” asked Tessie.   
    “Louis, Chug and Charlie are over in the barn,” said Hattie May pointing through the open window, and over in the direction of Mr. Beamer's barn. 
    “Thanks Hattie May. You know Louis is so cute and now he’s a “big town hero”,” said a smiling Molly, as she turned to head back out the way she came in with the other girls “you know I am going to give him the “biggest kiss” on the cheek that I can, when I see him...yummy...“Crimson Passion”…”
    “Oh, you girls are so cute…and my Louis is so fortunate to know you all,” said Hattie May. 
  Off the girls went, out the front door and down the pathway…all the time giggling and talking between themselves. 
  

  The Mayor Mr. Penneywell, the Chief of Police Mr. Pinkerman, the Fire Chief Mr. Marvin Waterwick, and all the other local boys were over at the city hall on main-street, and were just as thrilled as the neighborhood Ladies, about everything that had come to light, in the last few days. 
  The Chief of Police and the Fire Chief had on their best formal uniforms and were looking especially dapper today. The Fire Chief had his gleaming white hat smartly perched on top of his head. It was immaculately starched, and as crisp and clean looking as a hat could be. The hat looked like it had never even been close to, or even seen a single fire, or ever been out of its hat case before-for that matter. 
  In the crowd was Mr. Stealman, Centerville bank's president, and some members of city council. There were other city-officials present as well: some of the Mayor's followers showed up, a few assembly-members were there, two council-members, the old man who was at the train station (Mr. Wrinkleman), some of the local workingmen from the horse stables, and there was a large group of the town's farmers. 
  Turk the blacksmith arrived late with ash and soot covering his face, still wearing his large blacksmith’s apron. Turk looked a little out of place at city hall, because most of the people there were from high-society, and had dressed up for the event. He felt more comfortable behind home plate refereeing a ballgame, than rubbing elbows with all the county dignitaries, who had come into to town to celebrate, the recapture of the three bank robbers. 
  There were police officers, blowing whistles out in the streets directing traffic as best they could. Horses and carts, and a few steam cars, were frantically moving about. The steps in front of city hall, were completely filled with people.  Everyone wanted to hear the Mayor and Chief of Police, tell all their fascinating stories, about what happened at the train station the other night. 
  Employees from “The Centerville Gazette” were there this morning (inside city hall) snapping more pictures and getting quotes, for the newspaper, from about anyone that would stand still long enough to talk with them. 
    “So Mr. Mayor, I heard you were in on this plan from the start?” asked one reporter.
    “Mr. Pennywell…ah…I mean Mayor, I heard you and Charlie had planned this in Mr. Beamer's barn earlier in the night. Is that right?” asked another. 
    “No, that's no quite right,” said the mayor, as he smiled widely for the cameras.
    “Then what exactly happened out there Mr. Mayor?” asked another reporter.
    “Can you step out of the way over there? Now, I just want to get this right for the record, and you can quote me on this. Again my name is Mr. George Penneywell, The Mayor of this fine town, and have been for a year, and I will be running for office again…in a few years, so be sure to vote for me…oh…ah…now…sorry. Oh…back to the real story...I just wanted to get that in. Charlie…now…is…is the one who planned this whole thing. He's the real hero here, not me”, said the affable, and well liked mayor, as he turned to his best side again so the camera operators could snap another fine picture of him.
    “So Charlie is the real hero then…is that what you’re telling us? Please go on…” 
    “Is my hat on straight?” asked the Mayor to the Chief of Police, who was now standing right next to him.
    “Yes its straight and don’t forget to mention my name Mr. Mayor…I mean George” said his smiling friend. 
  Turk made his way over around to the front of city hall, to the front steps to get a better look at all the big fuss and goings-on. He just had this blank and agonizing stare on his face as he walked through the crowd; wishing he had never even showed up. Turk was just an old country-boy from way back, and these big shindigs, didn't sit too well with him. He'd rather just be in his blacksmith shop fixin something.
  The large crowd of people started to part with the help of a few strong police officers, who were constraining them and holding them back, as best they could. The swarm of people grew even louder in collective voices in anticipation that something important was about to happen. Flashbulbs were going off all over the room as everyone made haste to the front doors. The two large doors flung open even wider as “The Governor” and his entourage burst through. 
    “Mr. Governor, Mr. Governor!” called out the Mayor as he quickly moved forward through the parting crowd, to shake the Governor’s hand.
    “Mr. Governor! Welcome to our great city of Centerville.”
    “Why thank you Mr. Penneywell; beautiful day is it not?” 
    “Welcome! Grand day! Just a grand day for merrymaking, isn't it?” asked the Chief of Police as he moved in behind where the Mayor was standing. 
  The Mayor smiled just as big and wide as he could when he greeted the Governor, which showed off a perfect set of “paid for teeth”. The Mayor then took the governor about the shoulders with one of his long, thin arms and turned back towards the reporters and camera operators, for another photo opportunity. The Governor and the Mayor looked liked well-rehearsed politicians, as they each in turn smiled at everyone present and reached out, to shake as many taxpayers’ hands as they could.
    “I've heard you've got a few really brave heroes in your fine town”, said the Governor with a wholesome full laugh, that rang out from his big overgrown belly.
    “Yes we do have a few heroes that we would like you to meet Mr. Governor,” said one reporter.  
  The governor: was a widespread man at the waist, and was an overall extremely large man from head-to-toe, standing about six-feet tall, and weighing close to three-hundred pounds. He looked like he could have been any Governor for any state in the union. He was the proverbial political, “fat cat”. It was quite a sight to see him standing next to the Mayor who was so tall, thin and wearing a long black stovepipe hat. 
  The Indiana State Governor had on a perfectly fitting, well-tailored three-button blue suit, with a bright red tie that matched his rosy cheeks. The governor's large belly must have expanded in girth, from attending so many: state dinners, governor balls, and social events. Which a man in office must attend regularly if they expect to be reelected, year after year.
  The governor at the request of the crowd kept on to the center of the front steps outside of city hall, stood in the front of the entire gathering and began to speak, when suddenly he was interrupted loudly by someone yelling out in the street. 
    “Where's our Charlie...?” 
    “Where's Louis and Chug…“The heroes”?” shouted another. 
    “Mister Mayor, Ladies and Gentlemen and everybody else in attendance here today please…please…quite down now,” said the Governor as he raised his hands up in the air, gesturing for their attention.
    “They should be here for this grand speech by our state Governor...should they not?” asked a reporter. 
    “You’re right…where’s Charlie and the two boys? I want to talk with them myself. After hearing all about their courageous adventures the other night, I want to tell them something wonderful that I am sure they will be happy to hear.”
    “And what’s that Mr. Governor” asked another reporter.
    “Well, I’m glad you asked that. You…see...there's a monetary reward coming to them!” 
    “A reward...real money?” asked one reporter as he looked around the crowd, just as surprised as the rest. 
   “Yes, the three guys they apprehended at the train station, the other night were all wanted men. They had robbed the Indianapolis State Bank a few months back, they were all tried and convicted, then sent to state prison, supposedly for ten years. All three of those guys busted out of the state prison a few weeks ago, with the help of Ole’ Squint-Eye Pete, his mom Big Sal Rossi, and the Barker Boys from Saint Louis…and they were all wanted by law enforcement from all over the county and state. Didn't you all know that there was a five-hundred dollar reward for anyone, who helped apprehend them?” 
    “A five hundred dollar reward?” yelled out someone from the back of the crowd.
    “The two boys and Charlie don't know that. We’ve got to go tell them,” said the Mayor.
    “Well where are they Mr. Mayor” asked the Governor.
    “They’re all down at the Mr. Beamers barn, celebrating” said one of the reporters who was standing on the front steps, in front of the Governor.
    “Well, what are we doing here? Let's go get them, and all celebrate together,” said the Governor, as everyone turned and started down the city hall steps, towards Mr. Beamer's barn.
     “Yeah, let’s go see the boys, and Charlie, and celebrate together.”
     “Come on let’s go tell them about the reward money” shouted out another voice from the back.
  Away went the crowd in absolute jubilation down main-street, and out into the valley towards Mr. Beamer's farmhouse, with the Mayor and the Governor out front leading the grand parade. 
  The town's marching-band was sent a note from the Mayor (earlier that morning) that they were to all assemble down by the fairgrounds and be prepared, for a parade to honor “the three heroes of the day”. They were just waiting for a word from the mayor, and the celebration would begin. 
  When the crowd went past First Street the Mayor gave a hand sign to the head-majorette, to signal the band to step into formation. The band, begun playing a lively uplifting march. 
  The head-majorette kept time to the music with an extraordinary looking silver baton that was taller than he was. The band members were all in their best uniforms and looked just stunning. The marching-band stepped in time right in behind the crowd, playing as proud and as loud as they could, as all advanced right down the center of the street, towards the outskirts of town. 
  The multiple and different, brightly colored banners were still hanging up on flag poles from the county fair and they gave off a very gleeful, cheery atmosphere for the parade that was passing by. Someone from the main fair tent, upon seeing the festivities let fly, hundreds of multi-colored-balloons that had been tied up, and stored for the closing of the fair in a few days. The festive balloons flew straight up, high into the crystal-clear blue skies, then spread out in all directions, as the wind hurried up, their fanciful escape. 
  Some of the clowns from the fair stepped right in behind the marching-band, and began following along, and before you knew it there was a splendid and regal parade heading right down the center of Centerville’s main-street. 
  The city fire trucks and police cars now moved in right behind the somersaulting clowns, and were beginning to honk their steam-whistles, alerting everyone in town that a grand parade was coming their way. 
  Even Turk decided to join in with the celebration. He was seen way in the back of crowd, tapping his hands on his pants leg in unison, with the music as he walked along. Turk joining in with everyone was a wonderful sight to see.
  Short-Stack, Growlin Harry, Sammy the Stutter, Becky, Jay and her friends and all of Louis's other friends from the baseball team, joined in the parade as it passed by. All were now all on their way to Mr. Beamer's barn for one big, final celebration of the day. 
  Hattie May, the Mayor's wife and all the “High-Society Ladies” at the tea party started towards the barn as well, upon hearing the music from the marching band out in the distance. 
    “Hattie May look I see the Mayor, the Governor and all the people from the whole city, coming up the road” said the Police Chiefs wife as she peered out of Hattie May's kitchen window, in between the yellow daises, in the front flower box.
    “Can you believe it? A real parade and celebration, and their all heading to my barn” said Mrs. Beamer.
    “Well what are we doing here? We’re going to miss all the fun,” said Hattie May.
  All the Ladies in the kitchen headed off through the rear kitchen doors as fast as they could.
  Everyone in town along with the Mayor, the Governor and the marching band behind them; the fire trucks and police cars behind them; and Turk were now entering Mr. Beamer's farm, through the white picket fences, and through the front wood gates.
  Louis upon hearing the fire truck whistles, and the music from the marching band started to slowly, open up the two large wooden barn doors, that he always has trouble with. 
    “Charlie what’s all, the hullabaloo about?” asked Louis.
    “I don’t know Louis. It sounds like someone’s having a party,” said Chug.
    “Well, open up those doors up already Louis and let’s have a look,” said Charlie.
    “Yeah…what's going on out there? Is there a fire, a party, a parade…somewhere or what...?” asked Louis as the great barn doors swung wide open.
  Louis was turned around, face-first, facing the doors. 
  After he opened them, he turned quickly back again, seeing Mr. Beamer’s yard and to his great surprise, just about everyone who lived in town; had showed up to celebrate right along with, him Chug and Charlie.
    “There are the three heroes, right there!” said someone from the back of the crowd.
    “Yeah…hey Louis…the Governor is here to see you,” shouted out someone else. 
    “Man, the whole town is here!” said a stunned Louis as he turned to try and, find Charlie who was now lost in all the commotion and confusion. 
    “Charlie, Chug…hey where’d you guys go?” called out a now very excited Louis.
  Everyone began hugging, and patting Louis on the back. 
    “Great job Louis!” said one of the firefighters. 
    “You’re a real hero for sure!” said one of the police officers as he gave Louis another big hug.
    “Well, thanks…but…it was…nothing.” 
  Louis was just so happy to see everyone, and everyone was just as happy to see him. 
  Muncy dodged and darted through the crowd to where Louis was. He jumped up into Louis's waiting arms, giving him a big sloppy lick across his smiling face.
    “Muncy just look at this grand party and all for us. I can't believe what I'm seeing.” 
    “Chug what a great plan. How did you come up with it? Weren't you scared?” asked Short-Stack as he gave Chug a big friendly slap on his back. 
    “Nah, we weren't scared at all. That Cool Joe and those bad teeth, and Black Jack Tilly, they ain't so…tough. At least not tougher than our Charlie and you know it was Charlie, who planned the whole thing out” said Chug. 
    “Oh, it don't matter who planned it. You caught those bad fellows and we got Louis and Jupiter back. You're all heroes Chug,” said Short-Stack as he gave Chug another big hug.
  The Mayor made his way through the crowd in the barn over to where Louis was standing with Muncy, and gave him the biggest hug and heartiest handshake of all. 
    “Congratulations Louis. Congratulations! Glad to see you made it safely back home after such a terrible fright.” 
    “Why thanks Mr. Mayor…sir…gee...ah…ah…ah…and what a swell party this is. It seems like everyone…ah…in town is here. This is just wonderful!” said Louis.
    “Why yes Louis, this is a swell party and it’s all for you, Chug and Charlie.”
  A few of the reporters in the barn assembled some hay bales together then made a makeshift stage in the center of the barn. The Mayor now stepped up on one of the hay bales, grabbed a megaphone (from someone in the crowd that had brought it along) and began to speak in a very heartfelt voice. 
    “Please…may I have your attention…please quiet down already. Quiet down! I've got something to say now to Charlie and the two boys.” 
  Everyone abided by the Mayors request, and quieted down to let the mayor speak. 
    “Louis first of all it's nice to have you here with us this morning.”
    “Glad to…ah…be here.”
    “I heard the other night you booked a train ticket to Saint Louis...one way of course.” 
  With this said all in the barn erupted in laughter; everyone began patting Louis on the back again. 
    “But I was going to be traveling in the baggage compartment in…a…bag… Mr. Mayor” quipped back Louis.    
  Laughter again was heard throughout the barn.
    “Now quiet down. Quiet down again! And Chug I've heard lately, that you’re going into the molasses business, and already have three clients.” 
    “Yeah it’s a real sw…eee…t…business to be in…as long as there are no…  “Rats”…around” said Chug.
  Everybody again broke up in laughter at this latest wisecrack by Chug. 
  The Mayor continued. 
    “Now we've got a special-guest with us this morning. Ladies...and...Gentlemen may I present the state governor! Mr. Frank Fatbottom!”
  Applause was again heard all around. 
    “Mr. Governor, will you please step up here and say a few words to Louis, Charlie, and Chug?”
    “Why certainly. I would love to. That's why I came all the way down from the state capital to be here today,” understood the governor as he stepped forward, taking the megaphone from the mayor's hand. 
  The crowd roared its approval at the site of the governor who was now standing over next to Chug, Louis, and Charlie. 
  Mr. Fatbottom reached out his large over-sized hand, giving a hearty handshake to both Louis and Chug. He stepped up to Charlie who was standing in front of the hay bale, and gave him a big friendly pat on the head at his forelock. 
  The Governor, the Mayor, Chug, and Louis all put there clasped hands in the air together as Charlie reared up on his hindquarters. All the reporters and camera operators rushed up to the front of the crowd. All began taking photos again, to save this magical moment in time forever.
    “Now, Louis would you say a few words to everyone? Tell us how it all happened in detail,” asked the governor as he handed the megaphone to Louis. Louis suddenly realized that everyone in the room was staring at him. He quickly became just as nervous, and as mortified as he could be. And you could certainly tell by his ever-growing red cowl-lick, that now started appearing at the top of his head. He spit onto the palm of his left hand and wiped it over the top of his cowlick, trying to get it manageable and in order. 
  Chug gave Louis a cross-eyed glance, realizing Louis embarrassment.
  Louis fought with his cowlick-for a minute or so, while everyone waited for him to talk, but he finally had to give up. With frustration in his eyes, he took his baseball cap out of his back pocket, placing it squarely onto the top of his head.
  Louis stepped forward, taking the megaphone from the Governor's hand; he then gripped Chug by the arm and pulled him as close as he could to him, for support. Louis raised the megaphone to his mouth, and tried to speak, but he could barely manage to get a word out.
    “Well…ah…er…Mr.…well…ah…I want to thank…ah…er…thank the Governor for coming down from the capital in the middle of the…ah…er…night to get here and I want to…ah…thank the mayor for his kind words as well…and…of course I…ah…ah…I want to thank everyone else for showing up” said Louis as he stammered along, all the while trying to get all the words out, in the right order.
  The faces in the crowd went blank, all looking squarely at Louis. 
  This was a lot of commotion for Louis to handle, and he was getting more and more nervous as this went on. He was after all only a young boy and everyone seemed to forget this. 
  There had been so much going on lately from: the fair, to the “Great Horse Race”, to Jupiter being stolen and all. Then to Charlie fighting off the three “Rats” and then Louis being bagged, and almost taken to Saint Louis, and to who knows what dreadful ending. 
  Louis finally just couldn't wait for this to all be over. 
  He waived to the blank faces. He wished that this would be forgotten quickly and then he could get back to just being a kid again. 
  Louis thought again to himself, then said under his breath, “I remember wanting to be, a town hero standing on first base, during that championship game with the Tigers. I never thought that it would all come true...imagine that. I should be careful what I wish for...I think...”
  Louis regained his thoughts, then turned to look at Chug again.
  Louis quickly tried to get Chug to say something; but he was even more nervous than Louis was. He just pushed the megaphone back towards Louis, waived to the crowd, smiling nervously. 
  The Governor took the megaphone back from Louis, and placed it up to his mouth then began to speak again. 
    “Louis, I want to thank you for that very enlightening and well thought out speech, but I now have something very important to say to you three right now. The real reason I came all the way down from the state capitol this morning, beside to taste some of Hattie May’s pies, was to thank you personally, but to also tell you something even more special and wonderful” said the Governor as he started to reach into his front coat pocket. 
  Louis turned to look at Chug, who shrugged his shoulders as if to say…, w-hat...?
    “You see…those three guys you captured, were all wanted banker robbers and prison escapees. They were dodgy men and very dangerous, three fugitives who were on-the-lamb.”
    “I told you so,” said Chug to Louis as he turned and whispered into his ear. 
    “Now, there happens to be a monetary reward to be given out to anyone who helped capture them.” 
    “A real money reward?” asked Louis back to Chug in total disbelief at what was going on. 
    “Yes, here is five-hundred dollars that you: Louis, Chug and Charlie, are to split evenly for capturing those nasty crooks” stated the governor as he finally got the money out of his pocket, and handing it to Louis. 
  Both boys' eyes got as large as apple pie saucers! 
  Charlie just couldn't believe his good fortune. He just whinnied again and again. Louis and Chug were too excited to say anything, so they just smiled broadly and waived to the crowd again.
  The crowd started to applaud, loudly once more.
  The Governor paused for a moment then looked around the room once more. He: smiled widely, rubbed his large overgrown belly then took a large Cuban cigar from his left front pocket, took off the clear plastic wrapper and lifted it up to his mouth, to bite off the tip…in a slow mechanical gesture. He looked around the room once more, as if to say, “Now watch this folks!”  
  He reached deep down into his lower front pants pocket, and took out a wooden stick-match, holding it high into the air for everyone to see. The Governor turned to face Louis, then without hesitation turned back to face the crowd again. 
  Louis scratched his head and looked at the Governor, puzzled and at a loss.
  The Governor took off Louis's baseball cap off his head, then held the unlit match even higher up into the air…again…for everybody to see. All standing there were looking kind of befuddled, and flummoxed, as to what the Governor was doing. 
  With all this done the Governor quickly turned back to Louis, and with one mighty “hammer-stroke” of his left hand, he stuck the match right off of Louis's cowl-lick, that was standing at attention at the back of his head. 
  The match ignited; then exploded into flame! 
  The Governor took a long slow deep breath as he placed the match to the tip of the big cigar, he exhaled a large puff of cigar smoke that rose straight up into the air high above the head's of the people assembled below. 
  Everyone stood for a moment in complete silence.
  Most folks in the crowd turned to look at each other with mostly blank and bewildered stares on their faces again, and then they looked straight back to look at the governor again. 
  Most could not fathom, or did not want to believe what they had just witnessed.   
 The governor took: another deep breath, unbuttoned the two top buttons of his topcoat, took of his top hat, at that time paused a moment to reflect on all that had just happened. He then let out the largest belly laugh anyone in those parts had ever heard before. 
  The laughter reverberated off the inside of barn walls, out through the open barn doors, and far out into the snow-covered hills. 
  Louis raised a shaking hand, rubbing it over the top of his head to see if he actually was on fire or not. Upon not seeing or feeling any flames or smoke coming from the top of his head, he grabbed his baseball hat back from the governor's hand, snugly placing it back on his head. He turned a little more red in the face than he already was. He looked out in the crowd to see everyone staring right at him, with the slightest of smirks on their faces. 
  Chug just stood there expressionless, suddenly turning a ghostly pale-white, because everyone was now staring directly at both of the boys, and no one else.
  Louis’s cobalt-blue eyes sought out Charlie, who was lost in the crowd, somewhere in front of him. 
  Charlie all the while was watching Louis intently as his folly with the Governor had unfolded. Louis locked eyes with Charlie. Charlie: looked deeply back into Louis's eyes, winked at Louis, gave a big flip of his white fluffy tail, smiled brightly with his bucked teeth showing and started to laugh a large belly laugh right along with the Governor. 
  Chug and some of the crowd started joining in. And before you knew it all were laughing together at the tops of their lungs. Louis upon seeing Charlie and Chug laughing heartily knew that this was all in good fun and that Louis was just the butt of a joke that, he really didn't understand. 
  All in the barn laughed together for what seemed to be a long, long while.
  The Governor stopped laughing, after that he raised the wooden megaphone back up to his mouth again to speak. 
    “Again everyone please quite down. No more jokes. Please, please now Louis, Chug, and Charlie…one more thing. And Mr. Mayor would you come back up here please, because I know you as well have one more thing to say…to everyone standing here today, before we really start this party. Please proceed,” said the Governor as he waived the Mayor over to where he was standing. 
  The Mayor climbed up upon the hay bale where the Governor was, grabbed the megaphone in one hand, and proclaimed, “Louis, you Chug and Charlie saved Jupiter the Show Horse “our favorite racehorse” and that is something our town greatly, greatly appreciates. Now, Charlie you especially: showed more courage than anyone else, for going out in that blinding snowstorm to bring our beloved Louis back to us. Charlie, for this singularly and very brave deed that went far up, and far beyond what courage it's self stands for. The city of Centerville, Indiana, and I Mister George Penneywell, the Mayor of our fine citizens, would like to give you this lovely blue ribbon, like the one Jupiter just won at the county fair, and a golden key to our fine city”
  The crowd erupted into lively applause again. 
  One of the Mayors underlings came fighting his way through the crowd with a large, silver, shiny key in one hand, and a fine blue ribbon in the other. He handed the key to Louis for him to hold, and handed the blue ribbon to the Mayor who now went down to where Charlie was standing. He slowly wrapped the beautiful county fair blue ribbon, around Charlie's neck. Charlie never looked as proud and as fanciful as he bent down, to allow the ribbon…to be…placed around his neck. 
  Louis fought through the crowd; found Charlie and whispered into his ear.
    “I just knew you would be famous someday…“it was your destiny”. You're the best friend a boy ever had.” 
  Louis stood back to admire Charlie's new blue ribbon that was so finely hanging around his neck.
    “Thanks Louis. It looks like I won the “Porterhouse Stakes” after all.”
    “Yes you did Charlie…yes...you did.”
  Both laughed aloud. 
  The Centerville marching band started to play again outside of the barn and everyone began dancing around and around the barn, as Charlie stood there admiring his new blue ribbon, and key to the city, held in Louis's hand. Suddenly the crowd grew even louder. The excitement in them stirred once again. 
  The crowd parted down the middle of Mr. Beamer's barn as now in pranced, “Jupiter the Show Horse” to the delight of everyone in attendance. 
  Jupiter strutted right over to where Charlie was standing, paused for a moment, tucked in his two front feet under his body, then afterwards lowered his head down in a stately manner; bowing down to Charlie for all to see. 
  Charlie was just stunned. 
  When Jupiter arose, he moved over closer, to be side by side, with Charlie. They both stood there proud as could be, displaying their two beautiful blue ribbons together.
  A few photographers from the newspaper rushed over in front of Charlie and Jupiter. Next, they began snapping photos again. The bright flashes and smoking flash bulbs filled the air. 
  The band quieted down for a moment then Jupiter began to speak.
    “Charlie I just wanted to say thank you for saving my life, and I am so sorry for my awful behavior when you came to talk with me, at the Fair before the start of the “Great Race”. What I have to say is that, “sometimes Show Horses put on shows, when they are not supposed to”. All my friends were looking, and I was too worried about what they thought, and what it might look like, if I was caught, talking to an old barnyard carthorse. It was my mistake Charlie. I will make sure I never do that again. Charlie I promise! I promise...that I will never judge another horse or person by looks alone…ever…again. I have come to realize that, it is the goodness and courage that dwells in the bottom of your heart, that shows the world who you are. This and this only defines who you truly are deep inside of yourself. It's not what you look like on the outside that really matters; as I so foolishly thought before, I met you...Charlie.”
  Charlie gave a thankful nod of his head, bowing down to Jupiter.
  Jupiter now rose up to give Charlie a big nudge on his nose with his. Charlie gave another slight bow to Jupiter. Charlie looked straight ahead to the crowd to thank them as well. Charlie gave a friendly nudge back to Jupiter. They would become steadfast, and the best of friends from that day forward, until the end of time.
  Molly strolled up to Louis; giving him a soft kiss on the cheek. 
  Louis turned a brighter shade of red. 
  Neither said a word.  
  All was understood, between the two.
  Everyone was so over come with joy upon seeing all that had just happened. 
  The Mayor waived over at the band, signaling for them to begin playing. The band started up, playing the liveliest of songs. Dancing broke out in the barn, spilling out into the front yard. This had to be the biggest celebration Centerville, had ever had before. 
  A few small snowball fights broke out in the front yard of Mr. and Mrs. Beamer's farm. Then all the younger children (out in the front yard) held hands and started dancing in circles, in the bright sunshine to the ever-enchanting music. 
  The day went on in celebration: until all the stories were told, all the sugary delights were eaten, and all grew satisfied and tried. 
  Charlie thought this would be the happiest day of his life, and that nothing could surpass this. Little did he know how wrong he’d soon be. Christmas was on the way, and the biggest present of all was in store for our Charlie…and for all the children...of the...world.





































~Chapter 14~
Christmas Eve 

  This winter season in Centerville had been a mild one so far, only a few gentle snowfalls had drifted down from the great northwest, to remind the town's residents that the month of December and wintertime were upon them. The most recent delicate snowfalls and gentle northern winds that swept over the Centerville valley left only a sprinkling of white as they passed by. 
  Chopped firewood was stock piled high by the chimneys, inside of each home. Fireplaces were all aglow, throughout the land, warming tiny hands and hearts. Families huddled together at night by the glow of the incandescent and candlelight to read fables and poems to their children. And to play music that was passed on from generation-to-generation; there was a singing of Christmas songs, past and present. 
  Most anticipated winter to be mild and peaceable. All the planning throughout the year would surely make the upcoming holiday season, joyous and bright.
  Everyone in town had finally settled back into their normal routines after so much excitement from a few weeks back. Louis was out of school on vacation for the entire month of December for Christmas vacation. Louis, Chug and all the rest of their friends were now busy with their reading assignments for winter break; given to them by Mrs. Trumble, the Schoolmaster. 
  She was an older, frail-lady who had very white thinning hair, and wore very large, thick black eye-glasses that were always found perched upon the tip of her long nose. Mrs. Trumble had a very vivid imagination much like that of Mr. Beamer and Louis. 
  She would assign books for the children to read like the ones Mr. Beamer would read to the children from his backyard porch during the summertime. Books of history, travels to far-away lands, and books about great men, and great deeds. 
  Louis especially like the books about travel and far-away lands, for this only enlivened his daydreaming that much more. He hoped someday that he to: could go on a great journey to the North Pole-like Mr. Beamer had to see; great snow panthers in the wild, dangerous caribou, marauding polar bears, arctic wolves, proud snow fox, snow panthers and other wild beast and animals.
  The Centerville school was a large A-framed building fashioned out of red brick. The roof was thatched and covered with layers upon layers of dried hay. The school was located a few miles from Louis's farm, found on a nearby hilltop, with a lovely view of Centerville down below in the valley. Most of the kids arrived to school every morning on horseback or by horse-cart. All the children in town gathered in this one room for their lessons, from third-grade, all the way to twelfth-grade. 
  The town did not have enough money for more schools or more schoolrooms for that matter. 
  Louis's daydreaming and visions only got worse, during the wintertime because, he had more time on his (with school being out) hands, and less chores to do outside. 
  When he would read his books in his bedroom nightly: he would occasionally find himself closing his eyes and daydreaming. That is was he on a lion safari in Africa with a wide-brimmed, white hunter's hat on chasing big game across the African plains, or at other times, he would imagine that he was in the wild Adirondacks Mountains in Alaska, searching for his fill of gold nuggets with fifty mules to drive to the gold fields. 
  Sometimes Louis's daydreaming would take him across five-thousand miles of lands, from northern most tip of India to the wide-open expanse of the Himalayan Mountains while riding in a camel-train. Alternatively, travels to the Ganges River in China, floating slowly along on a lazy ancient river, in a long shallow hollowed out canoe. 
  Books and daydreams allowed Louis to enjoy all these things even though he never would leave the warmth and safety of his bedroom. How wonderful it was to be a child, and explore your inner-mind by using your imagination to explore the real world in such a way.


    The early century in Centerville was mostly peaceable and prosperous now. The war that Louis's father had gone off to so many years ago was now ending. Some had forgotten the war but by most, it certainly was not over and done. Louis still thought about his father “daily” and loved to hear the stories from Mr. Beamer, about the war, and all the great and brave deeds that happened during that time. 
  The stories filled his imagination with outsized ships crisscrossing the high seas, long arduous treks over dangerous and very deep valleys, and over long high plateaus. Seeing out of the ordinary and very strange animals in the wilds was another one of Louis's constant daydreams and visions. Enormous bull elephants, wild rhinoceros's, stately elk, or even a reindeer or two all filled Louis's broad imagination. 
  Nevertheless, for Charlie the wintertime was the hardest time of all. 
  His job delivering the ice in his ice-wagon to all the children, and townsfolk, would come to a quick ending, for almost four long agonizing months. This left, Charlie with nothing to do but to stay in the barn all day, to try and keep warm. He would always get the Christmas blues, no matter what amount of soothing from Louis and the other barnyard animals gave him. It would never cheer him up. Charlie felt older as each year passed, and more obsolete and unwanted, as each new invention by man caused his services in addition to his chores, useless. 
  The new steam cars and trucks Charlie had been seeing rumbling down the town's brick roads the last year or so, with their loud clunky engines, strange sounds, and plumes of steam raising up in the air, had Charlie considerably more worried. He thought someday that he would not be needed or wanted ever, to help plow the cornfields, or haul the heavy supplies into town. 
  They already had one of those new horseless carriages that were used to deliver the milk now. Baron Von Beck was a horse who was a good friend of Charlie's in town, and he had lost his job delivering the milk for Mr. Wellmont (a few months back) when he, bought one of those strange things for his farm. The Baron now had nothing to do all day, and he was never found to be the same horse again. He just stayed in the barn all day long, from that day on.
  What a horrible fate thought Charlie. 
  Charlie had seen those big steam driven trains rolling into town as well the last few years, surely horses pulling ice-wagons were to come to an untimely, and quick ending next. However, Charlie sure didn’t want to burden anyone with his troubles, so he always tried the best he could to stay cheerful and happy.
    “Good morning Charlie” said Louis as he opened up the double-Dutch doors on the side of the barn. 
    “Good morning Louis. Did you sleep well last night, more importantly did you get all your household chores and your reading for school done yesterday?” inquired Charlie back in a playful tone. 
    “Not only did I get all my chores done, but I also finished my homework that Mrs. Trumble gave me and I finished reading that book Mr. Beamer gave about going on: lion safaris, and about some of the wild animals that live in Asia and Australia. Did you know there are great snow panthers in China and the most famous of all of them was a great leader named Panthera the Snow Panther? Did you know that he was the bravest of all the snow panthers to ever live?”
    “No I didn’t know that, but I sure have heard the name before.” 
    “I read all those books…till almost three in the morning last night. You know Charlie I bet you could scare off: a wild tiger, a fierce snow panther or terrible lion with your mighty whinny; you know the same way you scared off those three “Missouri Rats”. And what's the difference if it's a tiger, lion or bank robbers?” asked Louis as he sat down on a large bale of hay. 
    “Well, there's a big difference from bank robbers and wild, ferocious animals”, said Charlie as he raised his hooves up, to make the image of a tiger pawing in the air. 
  Charlie continued.
    “And, let's sure hope we don't ever have to try and scare off any tigers or lions. I am sure they would scare us, a lot more than we would scare them.”
    “Yeah, I guess your right Charlie. Now Charlie…I’ve got a few other questions…for you.”
    “OK Louis…what’s on your mind?”
    “Now tell me about yourself again, what you were like when you were younger…you know what I mean. Now you told me that crazy, outrageous story about you being an “Arion” horse, something about you being older than you really are, and about you coming from some far-away land, but Charlie you can't have been serious. Do you remember that conversation we had a few months back? No really Charlie tell, me more about your “real self”.”
    “Well you are going to make me sad if we bring this up again…but if you insist. Ok…Louis…yes Louis I am an “Arion” horse as I said before. Could you not find anything about my race of horses in any of those books that Mr. Beamer or Miss Trumble gave you?”
    “No Charlie. I looked but could not find anything about you, or your family.”
    “Well there are many great books written about my family. I know… I will someday find one of those books myself, then I could give it to you to read, then you would believe in me.
    “That would be great Charlie. I would really love to read them.”
    “As I once said Louis all of my relatives that Mr. Beamer told you about have all passed away, because there were no more great feats for them to do in the world. Therefore, you see “I am the last of my kind on earth”. I now know that I will never marry, or have a family to call my own. That is the saddest thing of all Louis,” said Charlie as tears started to well up in his eyes.
    “Well don’t cry Charlie. You don’t know that, you might still get married one day, and even have a little Charlie…to call your own. His name could be “Junior”.”
    “Wouldn’t that be something; me a real father?”
    “Maybe next year Charlie…you know I had a vision about it a few weeks back. I dreamed that you were up in the North Pole running things, that you were married, and just as happy as can be.”
    “Aw, Louis you’re just trying to make me feel better.”
    “Someday Charlie, it might just come true.”
    “OK Louis enough about me for now, and as for me being an “Arion” horse…I know you don't believe me but someday I might just be called on again to do one last great deed. You just wait and see. Someday Louis” said Charlie as he nodded his head up and down, as if to tell Louis…one more time, “you just wait and see.”
  Charlie just stood there: deep in thought with a look on his face of despair and sadness, over the fact that his best friend did not believe in him, questioned his truthfulness and didn’t appreciate the “special secret” that he had given to Louis.
    “OK Charlie sooner or later I might believe you, and your great stories, but as for now I want to change the conversation a bit. You know I saw a cranky, steam truck the other day pulling a bunch of supplies into town. It was heading over to Mr. Wellmont’s house. I don't know if you saw that dare thing. Nevertheless, did you know that Baron Von Beck, has not been seen in months? I heard he just stays in his barn all day, doing nothing. I’m going to have to go over there and have a talk with him. Maybe I can go tomorrow. Charlie I hate to tell you that but what if they soon start pulling ice-wagons with those new steam-belching contraptions? 
    “I’ve been thinking about that myself lately Louis.”
    “What would you for work, Charlie?”
    “Well, to tell you the truth Louis, I'm scared that my days of pulling the supply-wagon, and the ice-wagon are going to be over with pretty soon. They're not going to need me anymore Louis. I can just see it that coming.”
    “I’m afraid you’re right Charlie. How sad is that going to be?”
  Louis’s eyes all of a sudden lit up with a look of pure delight in them. A great idea had quickly popped into his head. 
    “Well one thing they can't have with those junky, steam-belching monsters is a real honest-to-goodness…sleigh ride!” 
  Louis smiled broadly at the idea of it all. 
    “We'll have one on Christmas Eve Charlie! We haven't had a sleigh ride for a few years. How's about it? We can decorate that old one-horse open-sleigh that’s out back, and dress you up in the finest Christmas outfit anyone has ever seen. We can find those old sleigh-bells along with those grand red ribbons Hattie May has stored in the attic. We can make some pine-wreaths. Everyone can bring pies and cookies to eat, and hot apple cider to drink for the ride. Do you remember that one sleigh ride we had a few years ago? Remember how fun that one was?” 
  Charlie barely heard what Louis just said. He could not stop thinking now about being out of work again, and not being able to deliver the ice anymore. He slowly walked over to his hay bed at the back of the barn to lie down. There he rested his tired old bones for a while. 
    “Don't think about those old steam cars anymore Charlie and about you being out of work. Let's have some fun first, we can think about that other stuff later. Plus... you don't want to let the other kids in town down do you? They always look forward to Christmas sleigh rides,” said Louis as he playfully jumped on top of Charlie lying on his hay bed.
  Charlie looked up at the delight found in Louis’s eyes. He knew he could not let him down. 
    “All right Louis...”
    “Great Charlie, I’m glad you’re starting to come back around to the Ole’ Charlie, I love so much.”
    “All right, you set up the sleigh ride, and get the sleigh ready…and I'll go. You know me. I don't want to let the kids down ever. Not a single one...not even one. I can't always be thinking about myself first...that will only make things worse.” 
     “Great, let's do it in two weeks. I must go now, I have to get a few more chores done so Hattie May, and Mrs. Beamer won’t yell at me again. See you, Charlie” said Louis as he got up off Charlie’s hay bed. He headed towards the open doors of the barn.
     “You’re right Louis, this will be fun. After all it’ll be Christmas before we know it.” 
    “Don't forget, we'll do it on Christmas Eve. It will be the best sleigh ride ever. Bye now” said Louis as the side barn doors now swung closed behind him. He slowly passed out of sight. Christmas was only two weeks away. A sleigh ride is exactly what Charlie needed to cheer him up, thought Louis. 





~Chapter 15~
A Sleigh Ride 

  A few weeks had just about passed and Louis was hard at work with Mr. Beamer and Mrs. Beamer in arranging the Christmas Eve sleigh ride. All of Louis's and Charlie's friends said they would come this year. Janie Parker wanted to be there to show off a new dress her mom had sewn for her. Mildred, Tessie, and Jay were making plans to be there. Cindy and Becky had been invited and were going to help by baking a few pies with Mrs. Beamer. 
  Oh, and of course Hot-Tamale Molly was going to be there. 
  Molly more than anyone thought a sleigh ride was a great idea. On the hayride a few months back she had wanted to give Louis a “big kiss” on the cheek but Louis fell asleep in the front of the wagon while leaning against Mr. Beamer's shoulder. At the county fair she was looking for Louis to give her a kiss at her kissing-booth but he couldn't be found anywhere. Then lastly Louis was with Chug and the Mayor all day long at the “big celebration” in Mr. Beamer's barn. 
She only got that one little kiss and that was it. She just could never get him a lone, not for one minute to talk about her true feelings for him.
  On the sleigh ride she would be sure to talk with him and be sure to give him that one “big kiss” right on the check and she didn't care if anyone saw her or not. Molly always thought Louis liked her and thought she was clever and fun but he was just too shy to show her...she just knew it. 
  The town now was deep into the Christmas spirit-as they do every year around this time-but this year seemed all the more festive because of the events that had taken place in the last few months. 
  Decorative Christmas lights and wreaths could now be seen: hung on hearths in everyone's home, on outside wooden picket fences, on their barns and gaslight poles all over the city. There was the smell of fresh baked cookies, apple and pumpkin pies, sugar cookies, and brownies in the air. All were busy, getting ready for the joy that Christmas, would soon bring to them all. 
  Louis had been busy making Christmas wreaths out of pine branches for the past two weeks for Charlie's sleigh, on the front porch of Mr. Beamer's house. He also had climbed up into his attic and rummaged around in some old boxes and crates until he found those old beautiful red ribbons that his mom had made a few years ago. He also found some old jingle bells that his father had used on past sleigh rides…when he was younger.
  The time had just flown by for young Louis because Christmas was just about here. 


  The sleigh ride was only a day away now and no one wanted to miss it. There would be singing of Christmas carols, a wagon ride through the wintry countryside at night; with a full bright moon expected. Fresh baked goodies to eat but most of all Louis and all the kids would have a chance to cheer up Charlie.
  It was a long two weeks…but finally Christmas Eve…had arrived. 
  Louis had spent all day adorning the wagon in festive trimmings, baubles and all manner of adornments and ornaments. The jingle bells were displayed on all sides of the sleigh and when Louis shook them they made a most delightful chime. The red ribbons were strung down the all the reins that Charlie would be wearing and laced intricately into his bridle. Louis even placed bells on Charlie's bell-boots that would cover his front and rear hooves. This would make a very melodious and rhythmic sound as Charlie walked along the earthen road that night.
  Louis gave Charlie a thorough bath that day in the barn-by the water trough. When Louis was finished grooming Charlie he looked squeaky clean and so very handsome. Louis used every comb in Charlie's grooming kit to give Charlie a wonderful sheen to him that he last wore-when he was a younger horse. Charlie was washed and dried, brushed and pampered and clean-shaven from the tip of his long tail, to the tips of his soft ears. Louis took extra care to brush his long stately mane and white tail to be as fluffy as they had ever been before. 
    “Charlie this sure is going to be fun,” said Louis as he was brushing Charlie for the last time in the early evening “I have never seen a more perfect night for a sleigh ride. The moon will be full and bright in the sky and I even heard the weatherman on the radio say, we might even get a light snowfall later on tonight.”
    “That sure would be great Louis, to have a full moon tonight or maybe even a little snowfall. And you know how much I always look forward to singing Christmas carols on the sleigh rides and hearing Mr. Beamer's story telling.” 
    “Charlie you’ve never looked more attractive. You're sure a good-looking horse,” said Louis…admiring his handy work. 
  Charlie just grinned widely showing his slightly bucked teeth.
    “Louis, did you get Charlie and the sleigh all cleaned up?” asked Mr. Beamer as he entered the barn through the side barn double-Dutch doors “and is Charlie ready to get hitched-up now and get going?” 
    “Hey…ya… Mr. Beamer sure is a pleasant night for a sleigh ride…ugh?”
    “Hey Charlie, you’re right about that. It’s just beautiful out right now.”
    “Yep, we're all ready Mr. Beamer and just look at Charlie. He's a new horse! I washed and cleaned him up all day.”
    “Charlie looks wonderful Louis, you did a great job and here I brought you some left-over’s from dinner. We ate up at the farmhouse and just knew you we’re to busy to come up” said Mr. Beamer as he handed Louis the dinner plate he held in his hand. 
    “Hattie May wasn't too happy with you missing dinner again and staying down here in the barn all day.” 
    “Well I had to get ready for tonight. I wanted to make sure everything goes just right because everyone's coming tonight,” said Louis as he sat down for a moment to eat his dinner. 
  Mr. Beamer hitched Charlie up by himself while Louis ate his dinner. 
  All of the animals in the barn had been quiet most of the day and into the early evening. They had been listening to Louis and Charlie as they discussed the events from the past few weeks about the fair, Jupiter the Show Horse, the talk about tonight's sleigh ride, the horse thieves, and all the talk about Charlie maybe retiring soon, from delivering the summertime ice for Mr. Beamer. 
  It was Friday night and Christmas Eve was finally here. 
  Everyone invited arrived promptly at six o’clock out back of the main farmhouse in front of Mr. Beamer's barn. As they were waiting in the rear yard they were drinking hot apple cider that some of the girls had made that day and had brought along for the ride. Hattie May brought down some fresh baked brownies and sugar cookies. Molly had brought the most important thing of all-extra lipstick. Chug and Short-Stack brought their appetites and some of the girls showed up with more decorations for Charlie and the wagon, in case they were needed.
  Mr. Beamer poked his head out of the side doors and upon seeing everyone was present out front then flung open both of the large front barn doors, with a flurry. Out sashayed Charlie and his newly decorated sleigh into the yard. 
    “Ladies and Gentlemen, may I present to you, “Charlie the Jingle Bell Horse”, said Mr. Beamer as he pointed over in Charlie's direction. 
  Everyone applauded loudly and congratulated Charlie on how handsome he and his sleigh looked.
  Charlie looked glorious! 
  He had on a new green floppy hat on the top of his head that was covered with red ribbons and bright blue baubles. Charlie wore: a large green pine-wreath around his neck-which Louis had painstakingly made-which was covered in silvery ornaments and fancy jingle bells, his back was cloaked with a woven cloth pad, highlighted with red and green stitching that matched his leg-stockings and the bell-covers around his hooves. His mane and tail were long and free flowing from just being brushed. 
  Charlie had not felt this young in years; nor had he ever looked more attractive.
  The sleigh bells Louis found in the attic were neatly hung around the sleigh and were highlighted by fresh pinecones and small Christmas wreaths. The sleigh's wooden sleds all had red ribbons hung around and through out them and four gas-lamps were hung from the front and rear of the sleigh to illuminate the path ahead and behind for the night. The backend of the sleigh was strewn full of new dry hay and there were enough wool blankets thrown about for everyone to stay warm…through out the joyous night that laid a head. 
    “Charlie you look just wonderful,” said Mrs. Beamer as she took to the jump seat in the front of the sleigh.
    “Why thank you Mrs. Beamer. You look wonderful as well.” 
    “Louis the wagon looks delightful,” said Cindy as she opened her eyes wider to get a better look at the all the decorations “and Charlie, I've never seen you look more clean and shinny
    “Why thank you!” said Charlie with a quick stomp on the ground of his two front hooves. 
    “Pass those pies back here”, asked Chug as he and Short-Stack climbed into the back of the sleigh; both began smacking their lips. 
    “Hi, Louis can I sit in front with you later? I've got a secret to tell you,” said Molly as she got in the back of the sleigh, sitting next to Cindy. 
    “Sure Molly as long as you don't try to give me a kiss again with those “big red lips of yours” said Louis as he puckered up his lips (making a smacking sound) to the delight of his young friends. 
  Everyone started to laugh at this jester but not Molly. She just turned and whispered something into Cindy's ear. They both started to laugh and look intently at Louis’s delightful cobalt blue eyes again and his adorable bright red hair. 
  Hattie May climbed in the front seat and sat next to Mrs. Beamer. She had on a superb cotton shawl wrapped tightly around her. Muncy jumped in the front seat and sat next to where Louis was sitting; nudging up under his arm to try and get a quick hug. Finally, Janie Parker, Mildred Waters, and Tessie Whitman all alighted into the back of the sleigh. All were bundled up with their: over-sized coats, scarves, mittens, and woolen hats.
  Everyone settled in for the night's ride ahead.
  All passengers were aboard and ready for a wondrous night…all would surely remember…for the rest of their lives. 
  Off the procession went through the front gates of the farm and down into the sleepy valley below. White snowdrifts were as high as the sleigh on both sides of the road. In addition, the snowdrifts were all aglow from the inviting, yellowish moonbeams that were now shining down on them from above. 
  The late December full moon was high in the early evening sky and appeared to be comforted by a lone, singular star hanging in the darkened sky near by. Tremendous gray and white clouds drifted overhead sporadically covering the moon and the stars, as if to be playing a child's game of hide-and-seek for all below to witness and share in the game. 
  The moon was a heavenly sight as it hung above the earth but it had a strange and peculiar glow to it as if to portend or give a gentle hint of the odd things to come later this evening. The winter's air was thin and cool and was drifting in from the north, pushing the wintry clouds along in sleepy waltz. 
  This gave a wintry chill to all…as all rode along.
  Hot apple cider was brought along to warm the hearts and souls of the members of the sleigh ride. The pastries, pies, cookies, and brownies were kept warm in a basket with a heavy cloth napkin. 
  The conversations this night were kept carefree and festive and were in keeping with the mood of the season. Laughter and jingle bells coming from the sleigh could be heard through out the quiet valley as the wagon ambled and swayed along this night…down the old country road. Neighbors were coming out of their houses to watch Charlie and the sleigh glide by and to sing along to the Christmas carols being sung by everyone on board.   
All wishes-this night-were of having a very…Merry Christmas. 
  The shy moonbeams slowly began to fade behind the every present march of evening clouds. The cold wind from the north began blowing in with a little more passion and determination now, as the night slumbered on. 
    “Merry Christmas Charlie; I've never seen you so happy” said Ms. Trumble the Schoolmaster as they passed by the front of her farmhouse, which was decorated in some of the finest Christmas decorations the kids had ever seen. 
    “Merry Christmas…Ms. Trumble…Merry Christmas” yelled all the children together as they waved over in her direction. 
    “See you back at school after the winter-break” called out Molly “have a very merry Christmas Ms. Trumble”. 
  Charlie was keeping a nice steady pace as Mr. Beamer guided the wagon farther down the road. 
  They now came upon the Mayor's farmhouse. The Chief of Police Mr. Thomas Pinkerman and his wife were over visiting for the evening’s festivities when they heard Charlie's jingle bells coming through the open front Dutch-doors. George Penneywell (the Mayor), Bernice and Thomas all came outside and up to the front gates…to say hi.
    “Hi Charlie and…hi…Louis, sounds like you’re all having fun tonight.” 
    “Hi, Mr. Beamer…good night for a sleigh ride” said George as he reached out, shook Mr. Beamers hand and then gave Charlie a friendly pat on the head.
    “The weather's turning a bit but we've got some hot apple cider to keep us warm,” said Mr. Beamer as he held up a small cup in front of him to give all present a warm loving toast.
    “Looks like it’s going to snow later on tonight” said Hattie May as she pulled her woolen hat down over her ears farther. 
  Just then a few snowflakes lightly touched down on Charlie's ears. 
    “Well, look at that. I should be forecasting the weather instead of baking pies all day,” said Hattie May as she smiled broadly. She then held out her hands to catch the first freshly fallen snowflakes of the evening. 
  The snow now started lightly falling down all around the valley. It just seemed to go hand in hand with the evening and perfectly planned by a higher power from above. 
    “We'll Happy Holiday's everyone,” said Bernice as the sleigh once again started to glide along the road…in the falling snow. 
    “Merry Christmas to all” called out Mr. Pinkerman as the sleigh was getting farther and farther away and down to the last bend in the road. 
  Mr. Beamer gave another slight tug on Charlie's reins as Charlie placed one hoof in front of the other in a playful manner. He began to prance about a little as the sleigh ambled along. 
  Charlie with Mr. Beamer leading the way started to sing the loveliest of Christmas songs and carols. All the children sung along as well as Charlie pranced and danced about to the cheerful voices.  
  The snow began falling steadier-and as it fell-it wrapped Charlie in a white blanket of snowy delight. The light from the gas-lamps cast off a subtle glow to light the road ahead and behind them. 
  After singing a few songs Mr. Beamer recited a few Christmas poems he had written just for this evening. 
  It was getting to be almost eleven o'clock now and some of the children were starting to nod off into a peaceful sleep, with dreams of the presents that would surely arrive for them early this Christmas morning from Santa Claus.
    “We should be getting back to the farmhouse,” said Mr. Beamer. 
  Hattie May nodded her head in agreement and nestled down next to Mrs. Beamer a little closer. Mr. Beamer called out to Charlie. 
    “Charlie everyone's had their fill of singing Christmas songs tonight. It's time to be getting back to the warmth of the barn.”
  Charlie nodded in agreement.
  At the next crossroads Charlie slowly turned the sleigh around and started back up the road. The gentle sounds of the jingle bells had everyone now hypnotized into a deep dozy sleep except for Mr. Beamer, Louis, and Molly. 
  Molly gently started to crawl over Cindy who was sleeping and alighted into the front of the sleigh (into the buckboard) and sat down next to Louis. Louis ever so slowly moved over to let Molly sit next to him. He gave a small push to a sleeping Muncy, so Molly could comfortably sit down next to him. 
    “You know Louis I've been trying to talk with you for sometime now but: you’re always busy with flubbing catches or busy with fancy horse races, your endless daydreaming or chasing bank robbers into the night. I can never seem to get you alone for one moment...to talk with you,” said Molly softly into Louis's ear.
    “Yes…well…we can talk now…Molly.” 
    “You know Louis: I tried to talk with you at the ballpark the day that you caught or almost caught that ball. Then I tried again by the Ferris wheel and then at the kissing booth at the county fair and lastly at the big ceremony in Mr. Beamers barn; where you and Chug got that reward money from the Governor. You just always have something going on Louis.”
    “We'll I gotta lot to do Molly,” said Louis with a little smirk and smile on his face “I mean I'm not getting any younger”. 
    “We'll I've just been trying to tell you…that…I’ve got…a…you know…a real thing for you Louis. You know...I like you, don’t you?”
  Louis gave a quick glance and smile towards Molly.
    “I mean Louis…I really like you. Do you know what I’m trying to say to you Louis?”
    “Of course I do Molly. I really like you as well. Big red lips or not.”
  Molly gave Louis “The Look”…after that crack.
  She gently and ever so lightly laid her head down on Louis's shoulder. 
  Louis turned to face Molly, looking deeply into her soft inviting chestnut brown eyes. “That was the only thing Molly needed from Louis at that moment”. Louis then turned his kind gaze away from Molly to the snowflakes falling down from above, took a deep breadth; silently placing Molly's soft loving hand in his hand. 
  Louis and Molly looked together forward down the snow covered road the rest of the night, and didn't say another word to each other, all the way back to the barn. 
  There was just no need for any other words. 
  Enough had been said already and both knew that fate had finally touched them both.   
  Their future had been sealed. Louis and Molly slowly feel asleep together to the sounds of jingle bells and snowflakes falling all around.





































~Chapter 16~
The Magic Jingle Bells

  Christmas Eve was drawing to a peaceful close. 
  It was ten minutes to midnight and all was still in Centerville. 
  Mr. Beamer gently guided Charlie back over the snow-covered pathways, up out of the pleasant valley back to his peaceful farmhouse. 
  The open sleigh-with all of its sleepy participants inside-passed through the front open wooden gates, entering into the warmth and comfort of Mr. Beamer's barn. Two incandescent lights were hung from the center of the barn and they sent a pale, warm glow…onto everything below. 
  The Henderson family of chickens was all in their chicken-coops sleeping soundly. Able the pig-and his brood of piglets-was all asleep in their beds of mud. Mr. Turkey was in a deep slumber by the front door, on a large white, fluffy pillow and Miss Beatrice the goose and her family, were asleep at the very back of the barn. Ole’ Miss Harriet the milking cow was wide-awake and just standing there, minding her own business in her stall-which was right next to where Charlie slept. She turned to look at Charlie, Mr. Beamer and the wagon full of sleeping kids as they entered the barn…but didn't pay them much mind. 
  Mr. Beamer took a large string of jingle bells off of the front of the wagon and started to shake them gently, in a low quiet tone. Shaking them very quietly at first, then a little louder…and then …a little louder. 
    “OK kids were here” said Mr. Beamer in soft voice “everyone wake up, it’s midnight, and Christmas Eve is upon us”. 
  All the sleeping children: Mrs. Beamer, Muncy, and Louis were slow to wake. 
  It had just turned to twelve o’clock as Mr. Beamer stop shaking his jingle bells. He listened fixedly for a moment more…as the strangest thing happened next. 
  He thought he still heard…his jingle bells…echoing out into the cornfields and trees outside and off of the barn's wooden ceiling above. The sounds of the jingle bells were still oddly…and…slowly…growing louder and louder. 
  Mr. Beamer looked down at the bells that were held-motionless in his hands.
  Mr. Beamer could not figure out why they would still be ringing long after he had stopped shaking them. Finally the sounds of the jingle bells grew so loud inside the barn that it startled and alarmed all who were now suddenly wide-awake. 
  The bells grew louder and louder engulfing and overtaking all of their senses. 
  All of the chickens in the barn were suddenly in a mild panic at all the activity that was heard outside of the barn doors. The strange sounds appeared to be coming from the winter clouds high above the barn. 
  Then a loud, booming and very deep voice was heard, calling out-up in the distant sky. 
    “HO! HO! HO!” 
  Mr. Turkey now sat up on his pillow and started shaking frantically at the thought that something strange was happening. Beatrice the goose called out in a frightened squawk for all of her goslings to huddle quickly under her out stretched wings. Able the Pig and his family, started feverishly bury themselves deeper into their mud dens-so as not to be seen or heard from.
  Again was heard.
    “HO! HO! HO!” 
  The voice rang out again, only this time the voice was with much more volume, and hung in the nighttime air right above the roof of the barn. There was a loud cracking sound of a leather whip and the continuing and sustained sound of ringing jingle bells, hanging in the cold night air. Mr. Beamer started to gather all the children together under Charlie’s sleigh as quickly as he could. 
    “What is that strange sound Mr. Beamer?” yelled out Louis in a state of alarm. 
    “Where’s the sound of those bells coming from Mrs. Beamer,” “asked Molly with a panic in her voice, that made Louis's seem tame “and that voice I hear, who’s is that?” 
    “Mr. Beamer. W-hat’s…that sound…Mr. Beamer…?” called some of the other girls from underneath the sleigh.
    “Children do not be afraid, Charlie and I are here” shouted out an also worried Mr. Beamer.  
  Charlie rose up and started to whinny again as loud as he ever had before. 
    “Louis over here…by my side!” ordered Charlie in a commanding tone. 
  Louis immediately sidled up next to Charlie for protection. 
  Muncy started barking-out a loud alarm-along with Charlie's whinnies. It was the most unlikely of duets, serenading into the night. All in the barn: started to cover their ears with their hands to deafen the sound of the bells, as the volume from them got louder and louder with each passing moment.
  The children and animals in the barn were all: hiding or undercover beneath the horse-sleigh or behind bails of hay for safety; when all of a sudden the sound of the jingle bells, were right out side of the barn doors. 
  Everyone: completely stopped what they were doing, uncovered their eyes and ears, and turned to stare at what was slowly gliding in, right through the large open, wooden doors.
  What entered into the barn before them was a mighty and superb open-sleigh standing…over twelve feet tall…and about twenty feet long. The grand sleigh was suspended for a moment…in time…and…in space…for all to observe and witness its glory. 
  It lightly touched down on the earth in the center of Mr. Beamer's barn. 
  A loud: whistle, a crack of a leather whip and a loud shout was heard from its portly driver. 
    “Back…back…easy…now…easy there…” said the driver who was deep in concentration trying to navigate the landing “not too…fast. There that's right, sit it down right…here.”
   The short, stocky man at the reins of the sleigh was standing up on the large wooden buckboard and was dressed, in a glorious shinny red suit with a bright red hat with white trimmings place neatly upon his head. 
  He was hard at work operating the leather reins in his left hand and gripped a large, black leather whip in the other hand. He raised his hand upwards and held it there for a moment…and then with one swift motion of his arm in a downward gesture, he cracked the whip again one last time just to punctuate his stately arrival. The whip made a thunderous sound as it cracked the cold winter air and the sound rang out, in all directions in a deep low rumble. 
  Out in front of the majestic sleigh-in two perfect lines-were eight proud reindeer. It was an assemblage of eight of the most tremendous reindeer, anyone had ever seen before with human eyes. Each reindeer was adorned with glistening red cloth topcoats-to ward off the chill in the air-had tiny melodious well-crafted jingle bells intertwined into their golden reins, and had red decorative ribbons strew about them in a way as to be of the most delightful manner. 
  The reindeer all had: enormous racks of chocolate brown fuzzy antlers, that bespoke of their grand family tree of descendants, who had lived before them. The family tree of these reindeer must have been from kings and queens. 
  One reindeer stood out above all others present and was positioned in the front of the troop. No doubt-in anyone’s mind-that, he was the leader-of all who came behind him. This was the one that the corpulent and very plump driver was voicing his commands to; as he completed his landing on the hay covered barn floor.
  His name was Rudolf! 
  He stood a few hands taller than the other reindeer and held a steadier and more monumental gait. He must have been nineteen hands tall and as strong as an ox. His shoulders were as wide as a bull moose and as powerful as an elephant. The years of toil and work in front of this monstrous sleigh had: turned him into a force that should be witnessed by all; and taken lightly by none. 
  At the tip of his nose was the most-strange appendage, anyone had ever seen before. There was a small bulbous, glowing, and very brightly lit… red nose! 
  Rudolf’s nose: shown brighter than a hundred lit candlewicks at once and it could flash, on and off like a camera flashbulb, or string of lit Christmas tree lights. 
    “HO! HO! HO!” again, called out the driver in a loud playful voice as he exited from the sleigh and transfixed his big black boots onto the ground below. 
    “Don't be afraid…now children,” said the gentleman in a friendly tone “come out and meet…“Rudolf the Red Nosed Reindeer”… and his glorious friends.”
  A few of the children huddled under Charlie’s sleigh, peaked around the buckboard, to get a better look at Rudolf. Louis stepped forward and caught a glance of the round stranger from underneath Charlie’s neck. 
  Mr. Beamers face softened and a gentle smile could now be seen. 
    “First, let me introduce myself. Many of you may know me as Kris Kringle, Saint Nicholas, Father Christmas or simply…Santa. I have traveled many miles tonight from far-away up north, to bring you good-tidings and sublime presents for all.”
  Mr. Beamer now was almost completely recovered from his fright at seeing such a peculiar sight. He measured his steps a little cautiously at first as he approached, the widespread, little man in the bright red suit. 
  Mr. Beamer's memory was finally jogged clear. It became unmistakable now; as the snow that had blown in with the sleigh cleared and fell to the ground. Now he remembered …the noble Santa Claus…from years past.
  Mr. Beamer reached out his hand in friendship to Santa's, as he stepped ever closer. 
  Mr. Beamer began to speak. 
    “You might remember me Santa. I was one time in your company many…many… years ago. I had stumbled into your great village once, after a long and arduous journey over your local mountains. Upon meeting you: you invited me with open trusting arms into your great city, and once taught me the ways of your massive and great wrapping-machine. Old age has crept upon me now, but I believe it was right around the early nineteen hundreds. Hello again Santa. My name is Thomas Costello Beamer and this is my lovely wife Abigail.”
    “Pleased to make your acquaintance again” said Santa as he took off his red fluffy hat to reveal a long full mane, of very white hair. He then took a slight bow in Abigail’s direction and smiled at her, just as big and bright as he could.
    “Pleased to meet you Santa Claus” said Abigail as she curtseyed.
  All of the children finally came out from under the Charlie's sleigh, after recognizing Santa Claus. The Henderson family of chickens and Mr. Turkey circled in flight around the great sleigh as Beatrice the Goose let her goslings loose out from under her protective wings. 
    “Yes…yes…come here…come closer and let me get a better look at you all now” said Santa as he looked at Mr. Beamer and all the children, that had now gathered all around him.
  Molly smiled and gave Louis a quick wink. Chug started to tug on Rudolf’s tail. That got a stern look from Santa.
    “Chug…please…wait until I introduce you, before you tug on any tails.”
  The other children all giggled. 
    “Now where were we…Mr. Beamer? Oh yes… the great wrapping-machine. Mr. Beamer we had a fine time many years ago. I now remember it like it was yesterday. Glad to see you're looking so well. No doubt it's from eating all those fresh apple pies, that Mrs. Beamer has been baking for you all these years and as you can see, Mrs. Claus, has been known to bake me a few delicious pies as well.” 
  Santa grabbed his great big, wide belly and began to shake it, letting out a tremendous belly laugh.
  Mr. Beamer grabbed his wide belly as well, shaking it right along with Santa-to the delight of the children.
    “So why have you come all the way down to Centerville, and landed right here in my barn tonight…?” 
    “Well…to tell you the truth, I came down here from the North Pole to see you especially Mr. Beamer and talk to you about a great favor I need from you and Mrs. Beamer. We can get to all that in a few minutes” said Santa as he longingly reached out for the children. 
    “Come closer all…come…closer children,” said Santa as he gave each and every child a long heartfelt hug…“I wish to adore you all.” 
  After the salutations and introductions were done Santa motioned all to come over and now meet his…great reindeer. 
    “Chug you may now meet my fine Rudolf.”
  Chug smiled and patted Rudolf on the neck with great respect in his heart for such a magnificent animal.
  Children slowly approached the sleigh and the kind reindeer and began to introduce themselves one-by-one. A curtsy here, a friendly hello there, a few loving strokes on the manes of the reindeer and a few playful tugs on their tails.
    Santa started to point with a stubby forefinger at each reindeer in the troop, “This is: Donner over here and that is Dancer-the one with the small green wreath around his neck-and that one there, closest to the front is Prancer, and over here is Vixen-with the bells on his head-and of course here are Comet, Cupid, Donner, and Blixen. 
  The children all gladly encircled the reindeer as Santa spoke.
    “And certainly you all can see the one in the front over there…that's Rudolf and his wonderful, brightly lit…red nose.”
  All of the reindeer nodded their heads, snorted air out through their mighty nostrils, and stamped their hooves on the barn ground in a proud fashion. 
  All the while, Charlie just stood thunderstruck at seeing Santa Claus and the great animals he commanded. Saint Nicholas's great sleigh and mighty reindeer were side-by-side to that of Charlie-and his one-horse sleigh. It was a very strange juxtaposition and union that Charlie was in. 
  Louis had tried the best he could to decorate Charlie's sleigh that night and to dress it up the best he could; but when Charlie saw what a magnificent sleigh and what noble animals Santa had assembled-in front of his sleigh-the hard truth of it all…kind of let all of the air…out of Charlie.
  Charlie exhaled out a quiet breath of disappointment. 
  He stepped out of his horse reins and turned to go to his hay bed at the rear of the barn where old Miss Harriet was standing all by herself. 
    “You know Charlie I have not been known to say too much over the years but when I do speak it usually means, that I have something important to say…so here I go,” said Miss Harriet in a slow quite voice. 
    “Yes Harriet. What’s on your mind?” asked Charlie, in a low, soft voice.
    “I've been living in this barn for the better part of forty years and have seen a lot of changes over the years. Animals coming and going, the turning of the seasons, some pranks played on Mr. Turkey, Halloween tricks by the Henderson's and some very entertaining barnyard dances. I think you get the idea. But I have to say, this is the “strangest and oddest night” that I have ever witnessed in all my days on earth, and I have a very peculiar feeling it's going to get “even stranger”…before this night is through.” 
  Charlie shook his head in agreement. 
    “I know Miss Harriet. This is one wacky barn and I’ve got a feeling it's going to get “even stranger”…as well. Only in Centerville Harriet…only in…” 
  Charlie shook his head again…slowly back in forth.
  Miss Harriet continued to chew on some hay and not another word was said by either of them.
  Santa noticed Charlie slink and slunk away, but did not say a word. 
    “Now let's get down to the business of Christmas and presents for all” said Santa as he bounded back over to his sleigh and went about exploring inside of a enormous bag of toys.
  The children all began to clap their hands with true delight now showing in their eyes. 
  Everywhere, in the back of the sleigh all you could see were dozens and dozens of bags-that were over stuffed to the top-with beautifully wrapped presents and heavenly toys. Santa tossed a few bags of presents onto the ground in front of the sleigh and out splashed all types of goodies for the children and grand presents for everyone else present.
    “Mr. Turkey please come over here, you're the first in line. Come down here my nervous friend and don't be afraid, just because it's Christmas Eve. The only plans I have for you tonight is to give you a gift and wish you holiday good tidings.” 
  Mr. Turkey gulped.
  Santa ambled around in his bag of presents and pulled out the first gift of the evening. It was a large book with lovely gold trim around the edges. It was almost a big as Mr. Turkey himself. There was a large blue bow around the center of the book and a nametag hung off the top corner that, everyone in the barn could clearly see. 
  The tag said, “For: “Mr. Turkey”. 
  The book was just lovely. 
  Mr. Turkey nervously walked up closer to the sleigh next to where Santa was standing. Santa could tell that he looked the worse for wear. Poor Mr. Turkey looked like he hadn't had a real good nights sleep…in months. He had: large black rings under his sullen eyes, was a little pale in the face, and had a very shaky walk as he approached Santa to receive his gift. 
    “Now, the gift I will give you tonight is a great book that a very important and wise friend of mine wrote just for you. It is a story about life and how to live it correctly and most importantly, because of your special situation…you know…of being a turkey and all…it has to be a very special book…indeed. Through its reading, it will show you: how to conquer your fears be they great or small. Mr. Turkey through the reading of this book, it will help you create a world of peace within yourself and your inner-mind. If the book does not enlighten you the way it should, then let me give you a few more great words of advice. Always remember these unforgettable words, that I tell you now: If all else fails and you get caught one day…and find your self being someone's Christmas or Thanksgiving dinner and you know your done for…Run as fast and a far away as you can and don't pause to look back. Remember a coward, always lives to see another day! This last part you seemed to have already mastered, so you can skip over reading about…that part. 
  Mr. Turkey gulped twice more.
    “But just in case someday you do find yourself in real trouble: here is a brand new pair of red sneakers…that are just…your size.”
  Santa with a great belly laugh handed Mr. Turkey his new red tennis shoes and the great big book.
  After hearing this statement from Santa all the others animals in the barn started laughing as well, along with Santa. Mr. Turkey: gave a uneasy laugh and was a little too nervous to say much of anything but he did accept the two gifts, bowed down in a respectful gesture, placed the sneakers on his feet, and then walked off with his big book tucked tightly under one of his wings; looking all the more confident-already.
    “These next presents here are for the Henderson family of chickens.”
  Santa tossed a bag of presents onto the barn floor. As the large bag hit the ground out flew toys for all of the little ones to play with.
  All bowed, smiled, grabbed a toy and off they went to their chicken coups for the evening. 
    “These next gifts here are for Able the Pig and these here are for Miss Harriet the Milking Cow and Beatrice the Goose and your growing family,” said Santa as he pointed to each present and its rightful owners. 
  All came closer accepted their gifts-said many thanks to Santa and then retreated with their fine gifts in hand. All went off in different directions to explore their contents and see what special gifts that Santa had brought them. 
    “Chug, Short-Stack, Sammy, and Harry your presents are in that bag over there.” 
  Chug and Short-Stack ripped into the large cloth bag just as fast as their young hands would go. They all found brand new leather baseball gloves newly starched white uniforms (for the whole team), that said in bold red letters… CENTERVILLE GIANTS. Next…was an array of new official baseball bats and all types of other baseball equipment.
  The kids were overcome with shear joy. 
    “Thanks for the thoughtful gifts Santa,” said all, over and over again. 
  Santa pointed to the baseball bats and said, “Those bats were crafted from the most exquisite hardwood from the great forests of the Northwest. They should help our hometown Giants out next year, when you play those hated Logansport Tigers again. And Chug I have a strangest feeling, you're going to hit at least two home runs in the next championship game and Short-Stack, you’re not going to strike out…not even once.” 
    “How did you know what we wanted Santa?” said Chug as he was trying on his new leather baseball glove. 
    “And one other thing Short-Stack, there is some new heat-balm in there that does not smell as “awful”, or as “deadly” as yours smells. You need to start using this new stuff…if you…don't mind.”
  Everyone in the barn began to applaud loudly in agreement with this last statement by Santa.
  Short-Stack winced and a frown came to his face, but he understood the joke. 
  Muncy's present was a new squeak toy that he found at the bottom of one of the bags that someone had left opened. He pulled off his nametag off of the corner of it, and ran off with his new fuzzy-friend in his mouth-to the corner of the barn. There he lay and could be heard the rest of the night wrestling with the toy; lost in a world that belonged only to him.
    “OK. How about the rest of the children now?” said Santa while rubbing his stubby but strong hands together, in even greater anticipation! Santa jumped into the back of the sleigh again and this time he removed an even larger bag of presents. He threw the bag across his back, climbed down from the sleigh, and said, “All you children present gather round now. Becky, Molly, Cindy, Janie and all you other girls here are your presents. These are the finest pastries from France. I was just there about an hour ago, so I know that these are the freshest and sweetest of delights that you will ever taste. The pastries were made from red sugary-apples grown near the great Lavender Fields, which France is most famous of, there are also a few other presents in that bag for you girls…new dresses, hair pins ET… Take them all. Take them all.” 
  The girls all giggled and thanked Santa profusely as they started to nibble on their delights and rummage through the rest of the delightful presents to find their own special gifts. 
    “Next, this lovely gift is for Mrs. Hattie May Parks. You've been a good girl all year with taking care of the farmhouse, all the animals and in particularly in, taking care of your famous daydreamer…Louis. Here is a great gift I have brought to you from the very heart of civilization its self...London. It is the finest and most modern dress, which nobody else in Centerville has. It is the newest style and it is “all-the-rave”, overseas.”
  Santa reached into a different bag around in very back of the sleigh and out Santa pulled, a beautifully woven cotton dress, that was the finest blue color Hattie May had ever seen. The collar at the top of the dressed was perfectly starched-just as if she likes it-and there was a matching white cotton shirt and lovely blue ribbon. This was all so special and overwhelming to Hattie May. 
    “Why, Santa I can't accept this,” said Hattie May not really meaning it “it's all too much.” 
  She gave Santa a big kiss on the cheek and moved over by the other girls to admire the quality of the workmanship and the stunning colors.
    “Mrs. Beamer…here is a top quality gift that I have for you. It is a book of special and new pies recipes from Paris; which is of course the cooking capital of the world.” 
  Mrs. Beamer came over and politely accepted the gift and kindly thanked Santa with a soft kiss on the cheek. She now moved over to where the other girls and Hattie May were still standing.
    “Now, Mr. Beamer my first rate and special friend, I have something considerable large and fantastic for you” said Santa as he started to walk over to and through the open barn doors and out into the front yard “Follow me…please …follow me…Thomas.”
  Mr. Beamer followed Santa through the barn doors with wonder and admiration in his heart for Santa.
  There it was as big as life! 
  A brand new, shiny steam powered truck and a beautiful sturdy metal wagon attached to the back. Santa snapped his fingers once and the truck's large steam engine started up with a thunderous roar. Pulleys and wheels started turning, steam was bleaching from the black smokestack, and the whistle blew once, loud and clear for everyone to hear. 
  Santa came over and gave Mr. Beamer a hearty handshake.
    “You will no longer have to use “Charlie the Barnyard Horse” to pull your ice-wagon in the summertime and you can now use this truck, to haul all of your supplies into town”.
  Mr. Beamer looked at Santa and could not believe what he was seeing. 
  “How did you get that into your sleigh?” asked Mr. Beamer in a questioning and astonishing tone. 
    “I have my secrets” said Santa as he winked at Mr. Beamer and began to belly laugh again out loud.
    “But what about Ole’ Charlie, we can't do this to him? It will be just so disappointing for him if he sees this. He won't have any more work to do. That ice-wagon is all he really has and it is his…pride-and-joy.” 
  Santa came over to where Mr. Beamer was now standing next to the steaming contraption and said, “All things have been considered; and all things are planned out. You have to trust me on this Mr. Beamer. I have many important “future plans”…for Charlie that I can't talk about...with you…just yet.” 
    “Thank you anyway but I can't do this to Ole' Charlie. I just can't accept the wonderful gift before me,” said Mr. Beamer shaking his head in disbelief as he and Santa turned back towards the barn.
  Charlie had heard the loud whistle of the steam truck outside and had come over by Louis-who was standing next to the open barn doors-to see what all the noise was. 
    “Louis look…its one of those new machines, like the milk wagon that replaced my good friend Baron Von Beck who use to deliver the milk in town. I told you they were going to replace me someday. I told you so Louis. I just knew it.” 
    “Charlie, how can this be? Why would Santa bring a new truck for Mr. Beamer? He must know that you won't be needed to deliver the ice any more in the summertime and that...that…you'll be out of work...for good,” said Louis who was in just as much distress as Charlie. 
  They both turned and walked back into the barn talking between them, with their heads hung low.
  Mr. Beamer and Santa saw Charlie and Louis and the sad looks on their faces. 
    “I told you Santa. Look at Charlie and Louis they look simply brokenhearted and very doleful.” 
    “All in good time Mr. Beamer. I have delightful plans for Charlie in the very near future. Please let me finish giving out my gifts to all and then we will discuss Charlie's future,” said Santa as he softly patted Mr. Beamer on the back to reassure him. 
    “Louis, will you please come over here? It is now time to give you your “special present” that I have carried with me for the longest time,” said Santa who was now back, in the barn with Mr. Beamer. 
  Louis shuffled over to Santa with his head hung low then spoke softly into Santa ear. 
    “Why did you give Mr. Beamer a steam truck and new hauling-wagon? This will put Charlie out of work for good. I'm in no mood to get a gift from you or anyone else this Christmas for that matter.” 
Santa placed a hand on the top of Louis's head, felt his red cowlick and whispered back into Louis's ear “I have “special plans” for Charlie. He is going to get “the most special gift”...of all tonight. Trust me Louis. Please just trust me. But first I must give you your “special gift”.”
  Santa unbuttoned the two top black buttons of his fine red suit and reached his left hand inside to grip something that hung around his broad neck. Louis had a puzzled look on his face that his “special gift” would be found inside of Santa's suit. After a few moments of searching about Santa finally pulled out of his coat a beautifully crafted, fine golden chain and locket gently handed it over to Louis's, outstretched trembling hand. 
    “What is this Santa? It is so beautiful.”
    “Open the locket Louis. This is your “special gift” from me to you this year.”
   Louis slowly: looked it over, up and down and from side-to-side then paused for a moment longer to gaze at its beauty. Louis every so gently opened the exquisite golden locket that he now held in his small quaking hands. There was a petite latch-on the side-made of pure white gold and decorated with a few small prized gems. There was a stunning arch to the clasp. It showed of a quality of workmanship that could never be found in Centerville the state of Indian or even in this country.
    “This golden locket was made by the well-skilled hands of an old goldsmith in Amsterdam. I had it specially made for you Louis.” 
  Louis finally opened the sublime locket. His eyes swelled with loving tears and his heart began to pound, as he had never felt before. Not a word was said by Louis, as he stood there motionless for what seemed like…eternity. 
  All nearby were in great anticipation to see what Louis had found inside of the “special locket”.
    “It is truly beautiful,” said Louis as he held it up for all in the barn to see. 
  Hattie May slowly walked closer over next to Louis, peered over his shoulder and then looked inside the locket, to see what mysteries it held. As Hattie May's eyes focused on the picture inside the golden locket...small gentle tears...began to roll down both sides of her soft subtle cheeks. She turned all of her attention on Louis giving him a hug that only a mother could give her...“only-child”. 
  The photo inside the locket was that of Louis's father, Captain Jeremy Parks with Hattie May and Louis on a Christmas morning...from a time of long ago. Captain Parks was in his full dress uniform and looked so proud and content standing with his loving family. His military buttons were shinny and bright and the cut and style of his uniform and hat were not to be matched. All three family members were standing in front of a flocked snowy white Christmas tree. There was a warm and inviting fire roaring in the brick-firebox and there were colorful wrapped Christmas presents all around at the base of the beautiful Christmas tree. Captain Jeremy had one hand around Hattie May's slim shoulders and one hand on Louie's bright red hair found neatly trimmed on the top of his head.
  It was the only picture...Louis had ever seen of his father! 
  It brought tears of joy to Louis.
  Louis wiped away a few more tears off of his cheeks then carefully placed the locket around his thin neck. 
    “Thank you so much Santa. This is the most “special gift” that I have ever received.” 
  Louis gave Santa a big heartfelt hug and a kiss on one of his rosy red cheeks. 
    “Thank you Santa this is the best gift anyone could ever give to anybody...ever!” said Mrs. Hattie May as she too gave Santa a warm hug and another soft kiss on his cheek. 
  Louis turned slowly showing everyone in the barn the family-picture in the golden locket and the beautiful golden chain. Upon seeing both, they all agreed it was the best present that any of them had ever seen.
  Louis wiped away the last of his tears and began to speak in a passionate tone to Santa.
    “Now Santa, I have one thing left to ask you before you have to be on your way this evening. I know you're going to be very busy tonight, passing out all of those presents that are in the back of your sleigh. After all it is Christmas Eve, and all the children of the world are depending on you, and everything...and I know this is your busiest night of the year but...”
    “Well, what is it Louis? What troubles you so?” asked Santa.
    “I wish Charlie to get a “special gift” as well tonight. One that was as wonderful and as thoughtful as the one...that...you just gave me.” 
    “Now that's a big order Louis. How could I find something so meaningful and so caring to give Charlie, as I was able to give...to you? I will have to think long and hard about this one. It is truly a “tall order”...ah...ah...yes...,” said Santa as he stroked his long white beard and looked over in Charlie's direction “now what could I have...for...Charlie?” 
  Charlie was still disheartened to have seen the steam truck and wagon parked out front of the barn. He just felt so unwanted and unneeded that all he could do was lay down in his bed of hay at the back of the barn and think about better days that might lay ahead, but mostly he just kept running the images of Baron Von Beck standing in his lone stall all day, with nothing to do. 
  This could not be a worse night or nightmare...for Ole' Charlie. 
  Upon hearing his name being included in the conversation after all, Charlie now stood up on all fours in his stall and slowly sauntered over to where Louis and Santa were standing. He turned to: admire Rudolf again, looked at all the special gifts in everyone's hands, and looked at the golden chain and locket now hanging around Louis's neck. 
  What gift could Santa, give me that would top all of this, thought Charlie.
  Why would anyone wish a gift for him that was so great? 
  After all he was only: an “old barnyard horse” that was getting on in age, not thought of to be the brightest of horses, a bit clumsy and was very soon to be replaced and become useless by the new horseless carriage that was now sitting in the front yard, outside of the barn. All present began to join in and started asking Santa the same thing repeatedly.
    “What about Charlie?”
    “Yeah...what about...Charlie...?” 
    “You’re all right, this will have to be the greatest gift I have ever given to anyone, but I think I have just the one thing Charlie…”desires and wants the most”. You see when Mr. Beamer came to visit me so many years ago in the North Pole. He told me of this great horse he has had the pleasure to know. He told me of the exceedingly kind and gently heart he had. He told me of this horse's great love of children and his kindness to old people and other animals. He also told me of this horse's gentle nature and of his unmatched bravery. He then told me of the love that everyone had for him as well. You see what goes for man also goes for animals and beast. “It is better to have given and offered love to all, than it is to receive love from all in return”.
  Charlie’s ears perked up as Charlie raised his head, to listen what Santa was saying about him.
    “Life is long and fraught with many strange twists and turns that can take you off the proper course in life that was designed for you by higher-powers. You have to be strong and always stay the course...of good. Always stand by your decisions be they right or wrong and learn from your mistakes. Do not take short cuts in life and always be true to your friends and family. Always remember these words I impart onto you now, if you want to live a happy and fulfilling life. And no one in the whole world so represents this philosophy and way of thinking...more than our own Charlie”.
  Tears began to flow down Charlie’s cheeks. 
    “Charlie was there to lighten your spirits Louis; when you missed that catch at the ballpark, he is a true best friend. He is always nice, kind, and gentle to all the kids in town when he delivers the ice. Charlie: helped with a barn-raising this year, pulls supplies for Mr. Beamer down into town whenever he needs them, he helped out at the fair this year and he pulled all of you kids on that hay ride just a few months ago. Then Charlie was the bravest-of-the-brave when he stopped the bank robbers who tried to steal Jupiter...at the town's Fair. And most of all he saved Louis from being kidnapped and who knows what might have happened to Louis, if Charlie hadn't come to the rescue…and put a stop to that” said Santa as he looked at Charlie and shook his head in loving approval. 
   Charlie sat there and listened intently to all that Santa was saying about him and became completely overwhelmed. Charlie: slowly sat down on his hindquarters in the center of the barn, paused for a moment to take in all that Santa had said about him, took a long deep breath, and started to speak when Santa kindly interrupted him.
    “Excuse me Charlie but this is no time for you to speak. Now may I continue with what I was saying? I hear by give “Charlie the Barnyard Horse” the greatest gift ever given by me, to any man or woman I have ever met, to any fish swimming in the open seas, or to any animal or beast, I have ever had the pleasure to know...that walks upon this earth.”
  Santa reached deep into a large bag of gifts (at the very back of his sleigh) for the last time in the evening. He searched and prodded around the broad bag for about five minutes as everyone looked on and tried to contemplate; what superb gift he would offer to Charlie. Everyone in the barn just kept thinking repeatedly, what was the...“greatest gift in the world”...that Santa Claus could ever give someone? Just then Santa reappeared out from the back of the sleigh. From deep within the great and remarkable last bag of presents he produced a glorious and delightful string of silver “Jingle Bells” in his left hand. 
    “Charlie here it is. I found it at last!”
  Santa held the beautiful string of silvery jingle bells high over his head for all to see and then continued to speak.
    “This is the gift I now would like to offer you in return for all the great and sometime dangerous deeds that you have performed this year, without a care for your own safety and for which you did in the name of kindness and love. It is not just a gift given from only me. This is a gift given to you from all. Who have benefited from your friendship, and love in one form or another, over the course of the year! You see the saying that you have to be good all year because Santa is watching you are true. I have been watching you Charlie all year, just as I have been watching all the children and animals in the world, to make sure everyone has been good and kind.”
  Santa continued.
“These are not just ordinary jingle bells. No, not ordinary in any way shape or form. You see Mrs. Claus made sure that I had these with me when I left for tonight's world travels and festivities. I had this planned out many, many years ago, with the help of Mr. Beamer and Rudolf. Mr. Beamer had brought you to my attention and told me on many occasions what a kind and great animal you were when he visited me in Santa’s Village...so long ago. Then on a single night from way back, I was in one of the deepest sleeps I had ever been in when a very clear and enlightening vision came to me. This vision never left my mind nor was forgotten by me, from that night on.”
  Mr. Beamer smiled and now shook his head in complete agreement with Santa. He finally had remembered all that had happened before...from so long ago. 
    “Upon waking the next morning I went directly into my, “Chest of Secrets” that is always kept at the foot of my bed and found the superb old book named the “Book of Miracles” that was given to me by a wise wizard friend of mine. Inside of this book I came upon the formulation to create these one of a kind string of, “Magic Jingle Bells”. After quite a bit of toil and bewilderment on my part I finally brought this magic string of bells into the world.”
  Louis smiled at Charlie and knew that Charlie would indeed receive the most “special gift”...of all tonight.
  “For tonight Charlie you are to fly away high into the wintry sky of Christmas Eve on a great and life changing journey, with me and the “Great Rudolf the Red Nosed Reindeer”. All of the other reindeer will help guide us as well: the Proud Prancer the Courageous Vixen, the incomparable Donner and all of the other heroic reindeer.
  I have a new and very special job for you now that you have officially ended your long-term employment with Mr. Beamer. Mr. Beamer now has that new steam truck and wagon outside and will not be in need your services…anymore. Charlie you are to help me, and the mighty Rudolf deliver all these splendid presents to all the children of the world. Tonight will be the most special and wonderful night of your life” said Santa as he started to hand the band of silver “Magic Jingle Bells” over to Charlie. 
  Charlie reached out and took the “Magic Jingle Bells” into his mouth. He gave a slow long bow to Santa as a show of appreciation and approval to Santa. While holding the bells in his mouth he looked over at Chug with pride welling in his eyes. Tears began again to show in his eyes. He turned and looked at Mr. Beamer and Mrs. Beamer, with an incredibly happy and very loving smile written across his old and wrinkled face. 
  Charlie then turned to look at all the girls and boys in the barn and gave them a stately bow of his head. Charlie looked over at the other side of the barn towards the other barnyard animals for a moment and gave another loving nod of his head, in a gesture of special thanks to them as well.
  Finally Charlie turned to give a direct and heartfelt look at Louis and Santa. Charlie gently placed the magic jingle bells on the ground and began to speak as a great swelling of tears gently again started to roll down the corner of each of his weary eyes.
    “Santa how can I thank you...?” 
    “Where do I begin...?” 
  Santa slowly held up a hand in the air and gestured to Charlie for him to stop from going on any further. He understood Charlie's feelings and no more was needed to be said. 
  Charlie just had to speak.
    “Everyone gathered here this Christmas Eve in Mr. Beamer's barn please let me speak a few kind words to you all, before I accept the fine destiny that awaits me. You know I just love you all from the bottom…of my old tired heart…and that you can tell by the tears welling in my eyes, that are now falling to the earth below me that the love and happiness I feel for you all tonight:…will always be true... forever within me…never fading…and everlasting. Each of you I will remember fondly and I hope that each of you will remember me and wish me well, in the new quest that has been brought before me tonight by the most generous man the world has ever known-Kris Kringle.”     
    “Thank you...!”
    “Thank you all...!”
  Charlie now turned towards Santa and Rudolf to face his new adventure and begin his exciting new travels around the globe.
   All in the barn smiled widely at Charlie, with love and friendship in their pounding hearts.
  Santa: tightened up his black wide belt a notch, climbed up into the front of his sleigh, grabbed the leather reins of his sleigh in one hand, and took the large mighty black whip from its holster with his other hand. 
  He began to speak again. 
  The voice quickly became commanding and melodious at the same time. The words for all to hear were spoken clear and true and spoken directly to Charlie.
    “Charlie these are the times you were born for. You were brought unto this world to spread joy, happiness, and wealth to all. You're as brave as any horse that ever walked the face of the earth in present times and past. You are kind to all things of man, child and beast. Your ancestral bloodline is that of kings! 
    You are an “Arion” and this is your calling!
    Your great grandfather was a king in a far-away land many generations ago. Your mother was the sovereign ruler of countries that once stretched to the furthest corners of the earth. Other members of your family though out time have lead enormous and proud armies. Guided great leaders though many dangerous adventures and conquered all the highest mountain ranges and deepest valleys of the earth. It is now your time to take your place along side of your...famous family…once again. 
    The world is in need of your mighty services…once more! 
    All you have to do is give a firm shake of the “Magic Jingle Bells” now found lying before you. Place them back into your mouth...give them a mighty shake and...“dream what you dare to dream”...and all shall come true for you...on this Christmas Eve.”
  Charlie listened to all that was said by Santa, paused for a moment looked around the barn one last time. He then bent down and grasped the “Magic Jingle Bells”, placing them back into his mouth. 
  He: clinched down tightly on the string of bells, reared up on his hind legs, he closed his eyes for a moment to make his powerful wish then, let out a forceful whinny! 
  He vigorously shook the silvery bells with all his might.
  The “Magic Jingle Bells” took on the sounds of all the church bells in the world ringing at once but in a controlled and melodious fashion. The tones of the bells were of the lowest lows and the highest highs together. All of the notes on the musical scale were represented. The notes sent off by the bells shot out around the earth and far up into the starry heavens above. 
  There were diminished minors notes and augmented major notes and ringing high C's. The notes sounded like they rang out from a bevy of trumpeter’s standing on the top of a beautiful mountain range, playing into a welcoming lush green valley below. In an instant all became quiet around those singular notes played together, as they rang out...high-and-true. 
  Those present in the barn that night who heard the jingle bells agreed that it was the most beautiful sound they had ever heard before. 
  “The Magic Jingle Bells”, as they were rung by Charlie that Christmas Eve were heard though out the world and rang in every child's ears. The sounds were felt in every father’s heart and cherished in every mother’s breast. All that heard them were brought joy down deep in their souls that they would carry with them for the rest of their natural-born lives.
  Just then! 
  A great flash of white and bluish light now exploded out in all directions all around where Charlie was last seen standing...engulfing him and hiding him temporarily from view. 
  The air in the barn started to make a strong and very loud whooshing noise as it grew in strength and stamina. 
  As the wind continued to gain in strength all present in the barn began to run for shelter. Hay was being thrown out in all directions as a large cloud of magical dust filled the air. The ringing of the bells and Charlie's whinny’s began to fade and drew fainter and fainter as the circling winds, grew in intensity and strength. Then with one great final flash of white and blue light and with one great robust gust of blowing wind everything...became...deathly...still. 
  The sounds of serenading jingle bells became ghostly quiet. 
  The wind's blowing had suddenly stopped as quickly as they had arisen. 
  The bright magical lights were gone, and the magical dust in the air began to gently fall back to earth. As all alighted from cover and recovered their eyesight, a lovely sight and powerful image now stood before them. 
  Charlie had been reborn! 
  Now before all eyes to gaze upon was the greatest horse that has ever stood on the face of the earth! Not since the beginnings of man or before was there ever a more magnificent animal to be seen...than this horse. 
  He was twenty-two hands high! 
  He stood with chiseled muscle and sinewy strength. Two-thousand pounds of pure pride and he had a solid, striking white color to match even the most beautiful of clouds that ever sailed into the heavens above. 
  A great “Pure-Bred White Andalusia Horse” now stood where the old “Charlie the Barnyard Horse”…was last seen. 
  His muzzle was strong and held powerful wide flared nostrils that were grasping for air and created solely for him to breathe long deep breaths, in the thin air of the heavenly skies above. This horse had a deep girth at his chest which would allow him to, fully expand his massive lungs and take in enough air-to be able to attain a long and sustained flight. He had a high set tail that was long, luxurious, wavy, and true. His mighty white silky mane of hair flowed down his strong back, like the rushing of a wild high mountain river, crashing over hidden boulders lying in the riverbed below.
  He had a natural high-set head that was fine and cleanly sculpted and this only added to his grace and beauty. The hind legs were powerful and not to straight, which would help him on his long arduous treks across the nighttime sky. This “Great Horse” could clearly collect himself at anytime and produce lightning speeds...when called upon by his driver. 
  Clearly the horse standing before everyone in the barn: was at its physical peak and fraught with natural athleticism, not to be matched in heaven or on earth. You could tell by his classical dressage that he was an inspiration to all and bred to compete and perform for kings and queens. His countenance was that of pride and he had an unwillingness to be dominated by none.
  Behind him stood the most magnificent golden colored sleigh anyone had ever seen before. It was dressed from the front of the buckboard to the rear carriage bolts in red ribbons with silver and gold leaf trim. The one-horse sleigh was long and sleek and aerodynamically built to cut through the rushing winds. 
  The two wooden-skids on the undercarriage were built from the finest cherry-woods, found deep in the forests of Germany. It was twenty-six feet long and six feet wide-at its widest point-and had silver saddle-bells and brass hip-bells strewn all along its sides. This sleigh was no old worn buckboard two-seater wagon. This was a grand sleigh built for speed and an accuracy of flight. 
  At the back of the sleigh stood piled high: a multitude of presents, decorative boxes, bicycles, sleds, children's toys and baubles of every different sort and style. The gifts rivaled in numbers and quality to that of the toys found in the back of Rudolf's sleigh, which was juxtaposed next to the now newly standing, grand sleigh, and magnificent statuesque white horse. 
  Everyone in the barn was taken aback by the sight of this glimmering horse and fine sleigh. 
  Louis regained his courage and wits the best he could and walked sheepishly over towards the sleigh and beautiful “Great White Horse” that now stood right before him. 
  The “Great White Horse” gazed down upon Louis. 
  Louis looked back…upward into the beautiful eyes…of the astonishing beast. Louis took a long pause… looked at the “Great White Horse” once more…up and down…then spoke in a very low and quite tone.
    “Charlie...is that...ah...you...inside there?”
  No reply was heard.
  Louis now moved a wobbly step closer and stood perfectly still.
    “Charlie I asked…is that…you...inside of there?” said a shaking little boy. 
  The “Great White Horse” grunted out a faint reply… in a deep and peculiar voice that was yet indeterminable and indiscernible.
  Louis stood alone in front of the great chiseled chest of the horse for a few more seconds to ponder all that he was seeing with his unbelieving eyes. Louis spoke again in hesitation and in fear, but this time with a more powerful voice and with more volume. 
    “Charlie...I SAID...for the last time! Is...that...you in there? If it is you, show me a sign or answer me...right now!”
  Everyone in the barn: from Mrs. Beamer, Mr. Beamer, Hattie May, all the girls and all the animals stood as quiet and as still, as a frightened mouse crouching down so as not to be seen by a venomous snake in the wild. 
  “The Magic Jingle Bells” were slowly dropped from the teeth of “The Great White Horse”. A soft gentle ringing of the bells was once again heard as the bells gently hit the earth. “The Great White Horse” shook his head just ever so slightly, from side-to-side and up and down; in what Louis thought was a friendly manner. 
  His fluttering great nostrils let out a full blast of cold winter air that completely covered Louis, sending a chill quickly along his spine, down into the two souls of his feet. Louis could now feel his red cowlick starting to stand up under his baseball cap. 
  Fear again...now gripped him. 
  Louis’s baseball cap rose a little bit (from the rear) and started to cover his forehead and cobalt blue eyes. Louis raised an unstable hand to readjust the cap back to the top of his head but to no avail. Finally Louis just took his baseball cap off and placed it across his now ever quivering heart.
  Louis was scatterbrained, but tried his best to gather his courage once more. He slowly moved a step closer to the horse and was now only a thin yard away from the magnificent animal. “The Great White Horse” lowered down his head and turned it to the side, so Louis could speak into his ear. 
  Louis spoke once again, but this time in a soft low whisper. 
    “Charlie...I know that's you in there. Stop playing games now and say hi to your best friend in the world. My heart can't take this...anymore.” 
  Louis stepped back a few feet.
  The stately horse raised head up for a moment looking over at Santa Claus. Santa winked back in approval.
  This wonderful pure white Andalusia horse now lowered his head back down and slowly nodded for Louis to approach closer.
  Louis took one last small guarded step forward, quelled his shaking body for a moment and turned his head to the side, so his ear was in a better position to hear what was about to be said from “The Great Horse”.
    “Louis, all great performances have happy endings and deserve standing ovations!”
    “How'd I do...Louis?” 
    “Did I...have you fooled at all...?”
    “Oh, Charlie I knew that was you all along” yelled out Louis as he jumped forward with joy in his heart. He gave Charlie the longest and most affectionate hug around his neck, ever given.
    “Everybody, it’s MY Charlie!” 
    “It's MY...Charlie!” called out Louis all the while never letting go of his grasp around Charlie’s neck.
    “Louis it’s your Charlie! I had you fooled. I knew I did!” 
    “Charlie you weren't foolin me…with that story you told me…about you being an “Arion” horse.”
    “Nope...I wasn’t fooling you ever…!”
    “It was true.”
    “It was true...!” 
    “I get it now Charlie. What you’ve been trying to tell me all along, that all you have to do...“to conquer the world and yourself”…is to have “true courage in your heart and trust in yourself and trust in your friends”.
    “Just follow your dreams Louis and they will all come true...really they all will…”
    “I finally get it Charlie...I finally understand it all. It’s as easy to see now as the bumpy nose on Mr. Beamer’s face,” said Louis as he pointed over at Mr. Beamer’s rather large nose.
  Mr. Beamer smiled broadly while rubbing his over-sized appendage. 
  Rudolf gave off a great grunting noise and all the other reindeer started to join him in unison. The noise started to rumble the wood rafters above in the barn which started hay to fall down all around again. 
  Everyone rushed over to Charlie and Louis and started to hug the both of them with all their might. 
    “Santa does fine work, doesn't he?” said Charlie as he turned to lick Hattie May on the face. The jubilation all felt and the love showered over Charlie and Louis seemed to go on forever. 
Santa who was still standing on his sleigh cracked his whip with two thunderous downward strokes. He placed two fingers together, placing them in his mouth-then sent out two loud great whistles into the air, above all the children’s voices. 
  Santa called out.
    “Charlie I have given you this “special gift” to make all the children of the world fill their hearts with happiness and joy tonight. We must not tarry on any further. Our time is at hand. We have grand presents to deliver and time is now of the essence. It is now almost a quarter till one on Christmas Eve and we have not even begun our epic journey around the world yet.”
  Santa had one last thing to say before he gathered his sleigh and reindeer and alighted into the night sky. 
    “I now proclaim for the entire world to hear, “Charlie the Barnyard Horse” is no more a part of this time and space. He has passed back into the natural world which bore him. Recreated in his image is the now more powerful and mighty horse that you see before you now. I proudly proclaim and offer you “Charlie the Great White Horse”!
  Everyone in the barn present clapped wildly, began shouting and yelling and threw handfuls of straw and hay high up into the skies above.
    “Ready to master the skies Charlie?” asked Santa.
    “I’m ready Santa. The stars and heavens above will belong to me tonight!”
  Louis playfully grabbed Charlie’s tail one last time. Charlie flipped his tail for Louis in respect and love for his best friend.
   “Children the world over get ready because “Charlie The Great White Horse” is coming to bring you joy and cheer” yelled out Charlie as he stood up on his hind quarters and belted out from the bottom of his enormous chest, one last great whinny. 
    “I’m ready Santa…destiny calls!” shouted back Charlie. 
  Santa cracked his whip with another ferocious upward movement of his arm as the wind split in two again. The sound was deafening; reverberating off the barn walls.
  Santa called out again “Up! Up and away!
    “On Dasher on Dancer on Prancer and Vixen…on Comet on Cupid on Donner and…Blitzen. 
  Another quick tug on the leathery reins and Rudolf's nose lit a bright red glow. Both sleigh and reindeer lifted straight up off the ground. 
    “Your turn Charlie” blared out Santa. 
  Charlie picked up the “Magic Jingle Bells” in his teeth-from the ground in front of him-and tossed them over to Louis. Louis upon catching them walked up to Charlie and whispered in his ear on last time.
    “Good luck...stay safe...and come back to visit me when you can Charlie. I miss you already!”
  Louis placed the singular strand of “Magic Jingle Bells” around Charlie's neck, secured them, and stepped back away from Charlie and his mighty sleigh. Charlie let out another great whinny, gathered himself again and with great determination and will power he lifted himself off of the ground. 
  Charlie’s magical sleigh gently rose off of the ground to a height of about ten feet. It slowly spun around to face the front barn doors and positioned its self next to Santa's Sleigh. 
  The nighttime air became alive again as it began encircling around, the inside of the barn like a small whirlwind. 
  Charlie spoke one last time.
   “Don't forget the bell around your neck Louis. If you're ever in danger and need me just ring it once loud and clear, and I will be there as fast as the great eagle soars in the heavens above!” 
  Louis shouted back.
   “I won't forget Charlie. I won't forget. I'll ring the bell as hard and as fast as I can Charlie. I know you will never let me down.” 
   “Good luck Charlie! 
   “Good luck!”
  All waived goodbye and many tears of joy were shed that night as Charlie and his grand sleigh, Santa's wondrous sleigh and Rudolf with his troop of noble reindeer rose farther and farther off the ground. They slowly passed out through the front barn doors and lifted higher and higher up into the nighttime sky. 
  All the children ran out of the barn waiving to Charlie and Santa as they began to slowly fade away...out of sight.
  The North Star could be seen shining bright and clear in the chilly December sky above Indiana. A band of snow-filled clouds floated by, gently and ever so slowly drifting, apart as the two sleighs rustled the wind between them. As the clouds finally released their grasp on each other, you could see the illuminated full moon, shining high above in the northern sky. 
  You could barely hear the faint echoes of distant jingle bells, a horse's soft whinny, and the cracking of a leather whip. Ever fainter in the night sky above you could scarcely see two silhouettes gliding across the face of the illustrious full moon: 

Finally and completely they...faded out of sight.


Merry Christmas!


























~Epilogue~

  The story of what happened that Christmas Eve long ago in Mr. Beamer's barn spread all over the world until it was known, by every child young and old. Parts of the story were embellished over the years and some parts were forgotten as the story was passed from generation-to-generation.
*
  A few years later-when the county fair finally came back to Centerville-Molly and Louis rode the Ferris wheel together. This time Louis reached out and took Molly's hand in his. With a little sneakiness he leaned forward and gave Molly the kiss on her cheek that she had been waiting for her whole life! Remember Louis once said, “He would only kiss Molly when horses could fly!”
  Louis ended up with bright red lip stick all over his cheeks that night but even as a young boy he new that you have to make sacrifices sometimes to have love in your life and this was just...one of those times. You could never tell the true color of Molly's lipstick on Louis’s face because his face always seemed to be redder from blushing, than from any old shade of lipstick Molly ever wore.
*
  Chug, Sammy and Short-Stack never gave up playing baseball for the Centerville Giants. All three got bigger and stronger-the next year-and they finally beat, those hated Logansport Tigers for the city championship. Chug: hit two home runs in the finals, made three spectacular catches in right field and Short-Stack walked-all five times that he came to bat.
*
  Miss Hattie May and Mrs. Abigail Beamer continued baking pies for the townsfolk and for all the social events. Everyone liked the pies so much that the two lades: went into business together and opened up a bakery, right next to Tessie Whitman's dad Five and Dime store, and it is still there to this day.
*
  Mr. Turkey read the book on meditation that Santa Claus had given him-at least two dozens times-and still could not get over his nervousness. Finally he just could not take it any more thinking about, being a Thanksgiving or Christmas meal someday. So one day he died all his feathers jet black and started sitting up on tree branches around Centerville day and night-squawking at passers by. Everyone thought he was trying to pass himself off as a grouchy old crow, but nobody could really tell. He just sat there all day wearing these two bright red tennis shoes. It was indeed one of the strangest sights that anyone had ever seen before or since besides that flying horse of course. You can still find Mr. Turkey up in that very same tree squawking today.
*
  Mr. Beamer could not figure out how to operate that darn new steam truck that Santa had given him on Christmas Eve. He got so frustrated with it that he finally took it off to the junk yard. With: the departure of Charlie and the steam truck gone, there was a job opening to deliver the summertime ice in town. Mr. Beamer placed an ad in the “Centerfield Gazette” classified ads for a new ice-horse. Who do you think answered the ad...and was hired for the job? Apollo moseyed back into town one day, and has been working for Mr. Beamer ever since.
*
  Charlie of course went on to fame and stardom. Charlie finally replaced Rudolf when he retired and Charlie made sure every child's presents from that night on, were delivered on time and to the right child. Charlie now is living in the North Pole with Santa Claus, and still makes his appointed rounds every year-on Christmas Eve...the world over.
*
  It also turns out that the magic bell Louis wore around his neck-which he used to summon Charlie with-on that dark, cold, wintry night-tied up in the gunny sac- was a “Magic Bell” after all. Louis still wears that bell around his neck, but he has not had to use it once since that horrible night at the train station. 
*
 One magical bell was safe where it should be with Louis; “and one other magical bell is now lost!” When Charlie and Rudolf sped off on Christmas Eve-that one night long ago-one magic bell from Charlie’s “Magic Jingle Bells” was lost in flight somewhere in the world. That one magic bell is still missing to this day. What will happen if that bell is ever found? Will it still have its magical powers? Will it need the other magic bells to work? Will it be used for good or evil? Well that's just another fascinating story that will surely be told...one day.
*
  Mr. Beamer continued to tell stories on his back porch-with his corn pipe in hand-on warm summer nights. His favorite story-and the one he tells most often-is of course about “Charlie the Great Horse and the story of the Magic Jingle Bells”.
  
  One particularly warm night (in the summertime) Mrs. Beamer and Miss Hattie May invited almost everyone from the town over for a “Big Barnyard Dance”. In attendance that night were: The Mayor and his wife Bernice, Doc Wellman, as well as the Fire Chief Marvin Waterwick, the Chief of Police and his wife attended as well Mr. & Mrs. Pinkerman, Ms. Trumble the Schoolmaster and of course all of Louis friends from school. Even Mr. Turkey came by. The barn was all decorated for the evening. Fresh baked pies, pastries, and iced tea were served to the delight of all present. Everyone said that the pies that night were the best they ever tasted. 

  After the barnyard dance was over everyone settled in together at Mr. Beamer’s back porch-under the covered patio. The gas-lamps and fire-pit were lit once again, as all sat down and waited for Mr. Beamer to tell another one of his long-winded and tall-fables, of past...adventure and daring.

  On this particular night Mr. Beamer told the story about Charlie again, because no one ever seemed to get tired of hearing it. When he was finished with his fascinating story: Mr. Beamer began to sing and all in attendance-on the back porch that night-began to sing and dance right along with him: 

All happily singing about: “Charlie the Great White Horse”.




The End































 “Charlie the Great White Horse”
Trilogy of Books 
~Book Two~

“Charlie the Great White Horse and the Journey to the North Pole”


In the second book: 

Charlie “The Great White Horse” resides at the North Pole in Santa’s Village and oversees the workings of the “Great Wrapping-Machine”, the elves and all the workingmen. Things are running smoothly in the North Pole until the three protagonists that gave Charlie so much trouble in the first book return. The three “Missouri Rats” are no good crooks that have implemented a sinister plan and have now taken over the daily operations of Santa’s Village from Charlie, and might have stolen Christmas’s future from all the children of the world. 
  As this story unfolds: Charlie has now taken ill at the North Pole and the magic that lies within the string of “Magic Jingle Bells” has been broken... maybe forever!
  Louis Parks, Chug Martin and Hot-Tamale Molly have been-by fate-decreed, to be the saviors of the future of Christmas and have been given the daunting task of returning “The Magic” back into the string of “Magic Jingle Bells”. 
  The three brave friends must now: embark on a long and very dangerous trek to the North Pole, to reach Santa’s Village before Christmas Eve; before the dwindling magic that is keeping Charlie alive…is no more. 
  The young adventurers with help from “Jupiter the Show Horse” and his best friend “Apollo” get help from the strangest of characters, through out their: long, arduous journey; with each giving all the help they can to save Christmas. However, mostly they all try to give little Louis the great courage that he will need to succeed at the very dramatic and climatic ending. 








~Chapter 1~ 
A Square Dance

  Ex-ta-ra! Ex-ta--ra! Read all about it! 
  Char-lie “The Great White Horse” has taken ill at the North Pole! 
  The “Missouri Rats” run by their notorious leader Black Jack Tilly is running Santa’s Village.    
  Five cents a copy! 
  Read about it here in the “Centerville Gazette”.
  Ex-ta-ra! Ex-ta-ra!
    “I’ll take one of those copies right here”, said Louis as he took a shinny new nickel out of the top pocket of his light blue coveralls and handed it to one of his best friends-Sammy the Paper Boy. 
    “Look at these headlines Chug! Our Charlie is sick…I can’t believe it.” 
    “What’s it say Louis? What’s it say...?” 
    “Chug, hold on a minute...hold on...and let me read it already... 
    “Well...”
    “I can’t read the newspaper with you grabbing on me at the same time. Let me see Chug it says here that one of the “Magic Jingle Bells” had fallen off the magic string of bells on Christmas Eve, when Charlie took over for Rudolf last year, when he flew out of Mr. Beamer’s barn. It also says that that night somehow the bell was lost in flight and they have no idea what happened to it or where it could possibly be. Charlie is: slowly losing his “magical powers”, most of his strength and is now reverting back to the old-Charlie the Barnyard Horse.” 
    “Continue on Louis. What else does it say...?”
    “Well it says here that: the spell of the “Magic Jingle Bells” has been broken and that he’s been laying sick in his hay bed-for almost two months-and he’s not getting any better and in fact he’s… getting...worse.”
    “Louis what about all the Christmas toys for all the kids? Are they still being made this year and what about the all the elves? Are they still working? Where’s Santa been when all this has been going on? Read on...read on Louis” said Chug as he kept trying to peer over Louis’s shoulder, to get a better look at the newspaper.
    “Chug calm down and let me read. Now look...it says here Santa’s Village is in complete disarray and a big mess-with no children's toys being made or wrapped for Christmas this year-and that the “Great Wrapping-Machine” has been shut down and has not been used for well over…three months. Cool Joe Biggs, Rags Martin, and Black Jack Tilly are in charge, up there in the North Pole and all manner of troubles have come to Santa’s Village. All of the elves, workingmen, and working-animals have been locked out of the “Great Hall”, or have been laid off work and that no one cares anymore about Christmas! 
    “Man…oh…man Louis!”
    “I know...can you believe it Chug? Charlie’s sick and Christmas might be lost forever...”
    “Louis let me see that newspaper” blurted out Chug as he feverishly grasped the newspaper out of Louis’s hands. 
    “It says here that: Santa, Mrs. Claus and Rudolf the Red Nosed Reindeer and his troop of reindeer have been on vacation in Greenland for almost a year and they can’t get a hold of them. Man this is terrible Louis. Santa and Rudolf are nowhere to be seen and there's no way to get a hold of them. That horrible, old Black Jack Tilly must have broken out of the Saint Louis jail again and is back up…to no good.”
    “Read on Chug,” said Louis as he sat down on a nearby city bench to ponder over all that Chug was reading to him...“read on”. 
    “Just like I thought...those three crooks were broken out of the Saint Louis city jail again, for the second time in three years and this time they were sprung by those guys that were, going to buy Jupiter the Show Horse last year. Do you remember them Louis? Remember old “Squint-Eye Pete Barker” and his two good-for-nothing boys, “Grease Ball Tom and Big Belly Bill” and of course let’s not forget Squint’s mom, “Big Sal Rossi”?
    “Yeah, I remember them Chug”, shot back Louis with disgust showing in his eyes “they were all just as ugly and despicable as that Black Jack.”
  Chug dismounted from his bike and now sat down on the city bench next to where Louis had slumped, dropped the newspaper to his lap-and kind of starred off into space-to contemplate what he and Louis had just read. 
  Louis’s mind was lost in a deep marsh of thoughts about poor old Charlie being ill, about that horrible Black Tilly being up to no good again and that Squint-Eye Pete now in charge of a gang of crooks who are trying to muddle up Christmas for all the kids in the world this year...and maybe...forever...
    “We gotta do somethin...Chug...”
    “Yep, Louis...we...certainly...do...” 
