Charming Academy
by
Jessica L. Elliott
www.JessicaLElliott.com

Copyright 2012 Jessica L. Elliott
All rights reserved.
This book is also available in print.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold
or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person,
please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did
not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to
Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work
of this author.

Dedication

To John for inspiring me to retell my favorite stories in a way that wasn’t “girly”.
To Mom for giving me constant encouragement along the way.
To Jonathan for being the real Prince Charming in my life. Thank you for sweeping me off my feet into a true-life, happily ever after story

Table of Contents
Prologue
Year 1 Chapter 1
Year 1 Chapter 2
Year 1 Chapter 3
Year 1 Chapter 4
Year 1 Chapter 5
Year 1 Chapter 6
Year 2 Chapter 1
Year 2 Chapter 2
Year 2 Chapter 3
Year 2 Chapter 4
Year 3 Chapter 1
Year 3 Chapter 2
Year 3 Chapter 3
Year 3 Chapter 4
Year 3 Chapter 5
Year 4 Chapter 1
Year 4 Chapter 2
Year 4 Chapter 3
Year 4 Chapter 4
Year 4 Chapter 5
Year 5 Chapter 1
Year 5 Chapter 2
Year 5 Chapter 3
Year 5 Chapter 4
Year 6 Chapter 1
Year 6 Chapter 2
Year 6 Chapter 3
Year 6 Chapter 4
Epilogue
About Jessica L. Elliott
Connect with Jessica L. Elliott

Prologue
Back to Table of Contents

“I won’t go to bed,” the child screeched. “I won’t, I won’t, I won’t!”
“You will and you’ll do so right now,” the babysitter replied firmly, picking up the kicking boy and dropping him rather unceremoniously on his bed. She had long, red hair, tied back in a ponytail; though there was always a wisp or two that escaped. Her bright blue eyes took in everything around her and right now all she saw was the same screaming brat she’d been dealing with since six that evening. She was tall, which was emphasized by the way she presented herself; her mother always complimented her perfect posture. Dressed plainly in a pair of old blue jeans and a grey tee shirt, she sighed as the small boy strained against her freckled arms which were held resolutely across his belly to keep him in bed. “If you’ll quiet down, I’ll tell you a story.”
“What kind of story?” He stopped squirming and eyed her suspiciously.
“A fairy tale,” she replied in a mystic voice.
The boy scoffed, “I don’t want to listen to a fairy tale. They’re all about some guy named Prince Charming who goes around saving and marrying princesses. Seriously, who would name their kid Charming?”
“No one. It’s a title. Not every prince was a Prince Charming and he certainly wasn’t just one person. There were many and they had to go to a special school to become one.”
“What about the princesses? They have weird names too.”
“Those were used to protect the people and their families. Don’t you realize that if everyone knew Sleeping Beauty’s family, they would never get any peace? They’d be bothered all the time by fans and the press.”
“Oh come on, those stories aren’t real.”
“Actually, they are real. They happened thousands of years ago. So long ago that they’ve become legends, changed and gilded through the years as people passed them down through the generations. Of course, it isn’t helped by the fact that the fairies left Sanalbereth. That’s why we don’t have Charming Academy now. But if you promise to try to go to sleep, I’ll tell you the honest to goodness, true story of the fairy tale.”

Year 1 Chapter 1
Back to Table of Contents

Our story begins, as all fairy tales do, once upon a time in a land far away. More specifically, it begins in the province Maltisten, a small country within the fairy-ruled empire of Sanalbereth. In this province, lived a king and queen and their two children, Lucian and Allegra. Like all good parents, King Lysander and Queen Alexandra wanted the best for their children. So, they decided to request their placements in the two most sought-after schools in Sanalbereth; Charming Academy for Boys and Fair Damsels Academy for Young Ladies. The only problem with their plan was that each child secretly hoped that they would be rejected. Lucian, like most thirteen-year-old boys, firmly believed that females were to be avoided at all cost. Living with a little sister had proven that to him. Allegra, at twelve, firmly believed that she already knew everything and most vehemently disliked the idea of spending time with boys. They were far too boisterous and dirty for her tastes.
But life is what happens when you’re making other plans. And life has a wicked way of doing precisely what you don’t want it to do.
The day Lucian’s life took its merry twist had already been shaping up to be a terrible day. It started before he woke up when his father left him at home; instead of taking him on the elk hunt. It didn’t matter that it was Lucian’s own fault for oversleeping. That simply made it worse. At breakfast he’d gotten in trouble for sticking his tongue out at Allegra. Nobody would listen when he said Allegra had started it. Instead, Allegra grinned triumphantly and gave one last parting shot with her tongue while no one was watching. He scowled at her and walked up the stairs to his room. He decided to practice his swordplay with the wooden sword his father had made for him, but couldn’t seem to find it. A noise at the door made him turn to see his sister standing with a pleased expression on her face.
“Looking for something?” Allegra asked, holding Lucian’s sword above her head with a nasty smile.
“You give that back,” Lucian hissed, jumping at her.
“You didn’t say please,” Allegra said in a singsong voice, sidestepping so that Lucian missed.
“Please.”
“Please what?”
He snarled, “Please give me my sword.”
Allegra held the sword in front of her, but as Lucian reached for it she jumped backwards. “Gotta catch me first,” she called as she sprinted down the hall.
“Allegra, give that back,” he shouted. He thundered down the stairs and after skipping the bottom three entirely, tackled her to the ground. He had almost wrestled it away from her when his mother’s voice pierced the air.
“Lucian Alexander, what on earth are you doing to your sister?” Alexandra cried.
“Mother, she stole my sword,” Lucian replied angrily.
Using that whiny voice and horrible pout that their mother always fell for, Allegra lied, “Did not. I was trying to give it back and he attacked me.”
“Lucian, you should be ashamed of yourself. You know better than to attack a lady,” Alexandra scolded.
“But, Mom, she’s lying,” Lucian argued.
“That is not important. A young man never attacks a lady, whether or not she is behaving as one. Now you apologize,” Alexandra said.
“But, Mom,” Lucian began.
“No buts,” Alexandra interrupted. “Apologize.”
Lucian scowled at Allegra who was smiling wickedly before saying through clenched teeth, “Sorry.” He ran up the stairs to his room. It simply wasn’t fair. Allegra got away with everything! He shoved his toys back in his toy chest. “Today can’t get any worse,” he muttered. He should have known better than to tempt fate, but he was only thirteen. A knock at the door made him pause. “Who is it?”
Allegra walked into the room. “Here’s your sword back. I’m sorry I got you in trouble.”
“No you’re not. You wanted to get me in trouble.”
“Well, yeah, but I still feel bad. I thought I’d say sorry. I shouldn’t have done it.”
Lucian softened. “What are siblings for? You want to play a game with me?” Allegra didn’t have a chance to answer because just then they heard the doorbell. “I wonder who that is,” he said and the two of them raced down the stairs. A fairy with gold wings and long, blonde hair was standing in the doorway handing Alexandra two large envelopes. “Just the mail.” He and Allegra turned to go back up the stairs.
They had just reached the top when Alexandra began screaming at the top of her lungs. Immediately the two turned and barreled down the stairs. Lysander, who had recently returned from his hunt, collided with Lucian as he reached the landing. Allegra laughed as Lucian, sprawled on the ground, tried to regain his breath.
“What’s the matter, Alexandra?” Lysander asked as he pulled Lucian to his feet.
The queen seemed to have lost the ability to speak and was dancing from side to side waving a piece of paper in the king’s face. He snatched at it a few times before finally getting it away from her. As the king read aloud, Lucian’s heart sank farther into his shoes. He read:
To Their Royal Highnesses King Lysander and Queen Alexandra,
On behalf of the entire staff at Charming Academy, I thank you for your interest in sending your son to our school. After reviewing your request we have chosen to accept him into our program. Please arrive with Prince Lucian and his possessions on August 31 at 9:00AM for a tour and orientation provided by myself. Congratulations to you and your son.
Sincerely,
Calista Periwinkle
Headmistress of Charming Academy for Boys.
Lucian felt as though he’d been kicked in the stomach as he watched his parents dance about the rotunda. Allegra was laughing herself silly. In fact she was laughing so hard that she was clutching the banister for support. “Don’t laugh,” Lucian snapped. “Your day is coming.”
“You don’t know that,” Allegra giggled.
At the moment, she was right. But the fact was that lying on the ground forgotten was the second envelope, unopened. Lucian felt that this was the just the chance to prove to Allegra that in fact he did know that her day was coming by promptly picking the letter off the ground. “Mother, you dropped this,” he said, holding it out for Alexandra.
“How clumsy of me,” she said as she stopped dancing and took it from him. She read aloud, giving Lucian the opportunity to laugh. She read:
To Their Royal Highnesses King Lysander and Queen Alexandra,
It is my pleasure and honor to inform you that we have received your request for Princess Allegra’s placement in Fair Damsels Academy for Young Ladies. After reviewing the information sent, I am pleased to say that she has been accepted. However, our program does not start until age thirteen. Please see enclosed a schedule of important dates on which she will need to attend as well as the date on which you are to bring her for a tour and orientation next year.
 Congratulations to you all!
Sincerely,
Melantha Honeycomb
Headmistress of Fair Damsels Academy for Young Ladies
“Oh how wonderful!” Alexandra squealed and soon she and the king had once again begun a spirited polka around the rotunda.
Lucian dodged his parents to go stand by Allegra. “It could be worse.”
“Not really,” Allegra said.
“Hey, at least you have a year before you have to start going,” Lucian pointed out. “I have to start right away.”
Allegra patted Lucian’s back. “I’m sorry.”
“Sorry for what?” Lysander asked. He and the queen stopped dancing to look at them.
“I, um, I stepped on Lucian’s foot,” Allegra lied. They both knew how important it was to their parents that they go to the academies.
“Yeah,” Lucian said, feigning a sore toe. “It’s okay.”
“Oh, alright,” Lysander said, looking at the two suspiciously.
“We’re going to have to go to town tomorrow to get all of Lucian’s school supplies,” Alexandra said. “This is quite an unusual list.”
“May I see it?” Lucian asked. His mother handed him the paper and he looked over it as Allegra read over his shoulder.

School Supplies
Uniform:
Tailored jacket, cerulean, brass buttons, and single gold braid on sleeve. No other ornamentation allowed including ribbons and/or medals previously won or inherited.
Three pairs tan trousers with cerulean suspenders
Three white doublets and two cream doublets
Hunting apparel
Shield, no crest
Armor, lightweight
Supplies:
Beginner’s epée
Bow and quiver of arrows
Horse, white or grey; no black
Hunting hound, medium size
Three writing pads
Pen and inkwell with ink, black or blue
One set charcoals
One set oilcolor paints
Simple recorder

Please note that books and other necessities will be provided by the instructors.
He handed the list back to his mother before climbing up the stairs. What rotten luck! Nothing had been going well all day. All he needed now was a summer thunderstorm to complete his misery. As though hearing his silent thought, thunder rumbled in the distance. He walked to the window and looked out as the heavy, grey clouds that had been hovering in the sky throughout the day finally released their burden. Lightning flashed and he watched the rain pummel his window.
He didn’t hear the knock on the door, nor did he hear his father come in. In fact, he didn’t notice his father’s presence until he was right next to him saying, “Dismal weather isn’t it?”
“Yeah,” Lucian said. He took a deep breath before continuing, “Dad, can I talk to you?”
“Of course, Lucian,” Lysander replied. “You can talk to me about anything.”
“Well, it’s about Charming Academy.”
“What about it, son?”
Lucian hesitated, “I’m, well, I’m just not sure that I…”
“You’re afraid you’re not good enough,” Lysander said.
“No, Dad, it’s just…”
“Son,” Lysander interrupted, “you’ve got everything you need to go to that school. You’re smart and brave. At your age, I dreamed about going to Charming Academy and becoming a Prince Charming. But your grandparents were too late in sending the request. We soon got a letter stating that all the available slots were taken. So I missed my opportunity. Your mother went to Fair Damsels Academy. The only reason I was able to marry her was her prince failed his mission.”
“What if I fail, Dad?” Lucian asked.
“My son? Fail? Nonsense, Lucian,” Lysander said confidently. “Why, I was able to save your mother and I didn’t have any of the special training that her prince got. She would never say it, of course, but I sometimes think she regretted her prince giving up on her. She only got second best in me. That’s why I’m so proud of you, son. Your princess will never have any regrets. She’ll get the Prince Charming she deserves. So what are you concerned about?”
“Nothing.” He couldn’t tell his father that he didn’t want to go. It would break his heart. Instead he forced a smile on his face and said, “I wish you could come with me.”
Lysander put his arm around Lucian and said with a smile, “I do too, son. But this is something that you need to do on your own. Don’t worry, you’ll do fine.”
“I won’t let you down, Dad,” Lucian said.

The next morning the whole family rode into town to buy Lucian’s school supplies. Alexandra and Allegra went to get the paper supplies while Lysander and Lucian went to the tailor for the uniforms. They walked into the tailor’s small shop as a very tall, wiry, old man said, “Good morning, Your Highnesses. And what can I do for you? Lower a hem?”
“No, Lucian has been accepted at Charming Academy,” Lysander replied. “We need his uniforms made.”
“Oh, that is a high honor indeed, my young prince!” the tailor exclaimed. “Have no fears! Old Tom’ll set you up right. Now what are the specifics?”
While the king and Tom went over the list’s instructions, a young girl no older than Allegra was taking Lucian’s measurements. She had long, blond hair pulled back with a turquoise ribbon. Her eyes were light brown and there was a depth to them that belied her smiling, cheerful countenance. “That’ll about do it,” she said before scampering over to Tom and disappearing into a back room.
“Well, now, Your Majesty, I’ll have these ready for you by tomorrow afternoon. Bring him in then for a fitting,” Tom said with a smile and low bow.
“Thank you, Tom. We’ll be in around four,” He and Lucian walked back out to the street. “Now I suppose we should get your sword.”
“Yeah,” Lucian said. This was the only part he was looking forward to, but he was curious. “Dad, who was that girl in the tailor’s?”
“Girl? What girl?” Lysander asked.
“The girl who took my measurements,” Lucian specified.
“Oh, that’s Tom’s granddaughter, Gabriella. She’s going to Fair Damsels Academy to work as a maid in the fall. Poor Tom isn’t as young as he once was and they need extra income,” Lysander said.
“Why doesn’t she live with her parents?”
“They died when she was a baby. Carriage accident if I remember right. Very hard on Tom to lose his only son.”
Their conversation ended as they entered a shop labeled Bill Smith: Sword Master. “King Lysander, what a pleasure!” Bill cried as the pair walked through his door. “Will you be needing a new rapier? I’ve got some beauties over here you might be interested in.”
“Not today, Bill,” he replied. “I need a beginner’s sword for Lucian. He’s going to Charming Academy this fall.”
“Well, you’ve come to the right place, Your Highness. I’ll make sure he’s got the very best epée in that whole school. Now,” Bill said, turning his attention to Lucian, “which is your sword hand, young prince?”
“I’m left-handed,” Lucian said.
“Ah, a leftie is it? Excellent! Let me see your arm.” Lucian held his arm out and Bill started poking and prodding. “Lean, but strong. Not too long, nor too short. Hands, small, very small, but all in all very satisfactory. Very good, come by tomorrow morning and you’ll have your first real sword young man.”
“Thank you, Bill,” Lysander said.
“Sure you won’t have a look at the rapiers?” Bill asked.
“Perhaps in the morning, Bill,” Lysander replied. “I’m under strict orders from the queen.”
Bill laughed heartily. “Very well, Your Majesty. Tomorrow we’ll play.” He bowed and waved them from his shop.
“Well,” Lysander said as they entered their carriage, “I think the last place to go is Phillip’s to get your horse. Allegra and your mother are getting everything else. Come on.” They rode to the edge of town to Phillip’s Stables. When they arrived, Lysander led Lucian into the stable.
A teenage girl met them near the gates. She curtsied and said, “Good afternoon, Your Highnesses. How may I assist you?”
“We’re looking for Phillip. We’re here to buy a horse,” Lysander replied.
“My father is out in the ring,” the girl said, pushing a red curl behind her ear. “Follow me.” She bobbed in curtsy before turning and leading them out of the stables past dozens of horses.
Once outside, they saw a tall, red-headed man riding a fiery chestnut around the ring. On seeing his customers, he reined his horse in and dismounted. “Good afternoon, Your Majesties. What can I do for you?”
“They’re here to buy, Papa,” the girl said.
“Thank you, Mariah,” Phillip said. “Put Flame away, please.”
“Yes, Papa,” Mariah replied. She curtsied once again before going to the horse in the ring.
“Now, what can I do for you?” Phillip asked, turning his attention back to his customers.
Lysander replied, his chest puffing out with pride, “Lucian will be going to Charming Academy. He needs a white horse.”
Phillip frowned, “I’ve only one white horse in my stables for sale, and he’s an awfully big horse. I’m afraid he might be a mite big for Lucian as yet.”
“Let’s see him,” Lysander commanded.
“Yes, sire,” Phillip said, bowing. “Mariah, please bring Zephyr.”
“Yes, Papa,” Mariah replied. She disappeared into the stable and returned leading an incredibly large, pure white stallion. He pulled at the rope, causing Mariah to step back several times. “Zephyr, come,” she said in a commanding voice.
The horse tossed his head and snorted in response.
“Here we are, sire. Zephyr’s a free spirit; young and freshly broken. Not what I would recommend for a beginner, but he’s a good horse. And, like all my horses, he’s been blessed by the Fairy King himself to always be able to find his master if ever they should be parted. A valuable asset in a pet. Take him around the ring, why don’t you? He has a smooth gait and a lively step.”
Lucian wasn’t at all sure that he wanted to take Zephyr anywhere, but he stepped up to the large horse. Zephyr sidestepped so that Lucian was no longer next to the saddle. Phillip held him still as Lucian tried to get himself in the saddle. He could barely get his foot in the stirrup. Lysander gave him a boost up and Lucian took the reins. However, it was soon very clear who was in control and it was not the prince. The more Lucian tried to pull back, the faster Zephyr went until they were doing a brisk canter around the ring. “Whoa, boy, whoa,” he said in what he hoped was a calm voice.
He had expected the horse to slow down and then stop, but that was not the case. Instead, and Lucian was not quite sure how, Zephyr firmly planted all four hooves on the ground which caused Lucian to rock precariously in the saddle. The horse whinnied and Lucian was quite sure that Zephyr was laughing at him.
“Well, what do you think of him?” Lysander asked.
“He’s too big for me, Dad,” Lucian replied. “He’s a good horse, but he’s too big.”
“Nonsense,” Lysander said with a dismissive wave. “You’ll grow into him. Besides, you looked magnificent.”
“Sire, if I might make a suggestion,” Phillip interrupted, “Prince Lucian does indeed look wonderful atop Zephyr, but he is a bit small yet. Why not buy one of my greys for now and I’ll save Zephyr until Lucian has the experience and height to handle him. I’ll show them to you if you like.”
“No, Phillip, we’ll take Zephyr now,” Lysander replied.
“Very well, sire, he’ll be a thousand Simari.”
Lysander paid Phillip before leading Lucian and Zephyr out of the barn. He mounted his own horse and the two of them headed to town to meet the ladies. They met at Priscilla’s Café for lunch before heading back to their castle. As they unloaded their saddle bags and packages, Lucian cried, “Dad, we forgot to get the hunting hound!”
“No we didn’t,” Allegra said, a mischievous note in her voice. “Mom and I bought him for you. In fact, he’s right here.”
Lucian didn’t know whether to cry in despair, laugh as though she were joking, or simply throttle Allegra then and there. In her arms was a tiny, rust-colored puppy. He was squirming around and licking at everything his little pink tongue could find. He looked at Lucian with big brown eyes and barked a greeting. Lucian just stared before saying in a deadly whisper, “Please tell me you’re joking.”
“No, I’m not. Isn’t he precious?” She scratched behind his floppy ears and he barked happily.
“Allegra, it’s a puppy,” Lucian said, his voice rising with every syllable. “I can’t show up at Charming Academy with an untrained puppy.”
“He is trained. He’s house-trained.”
“I don’t need a house-trained puppy. I need a hunting dog. One that knows how to hunt!”
“They were going to kill him! Just because he’s the runt and has a limp. I couldn’t let them do that.”
“He has a limp? You bought me a lame dog?”
“Children, that is more than enough,” Alexandra interrupted, causing them to jump as each had forgotten that their parents were there. “Lucian, you will simply have to train the puppy. You still have a month before classes start. I’m sure your father would be happy to help as he’s trained several hounds himself.” Lysander looked like he was going to argue, but thought better of it when the queen shot him a deadly glare while saying, “You will help him train the dog, won’t you?”
“Of course, dear,” Lysander said, knowing that she was not asking, but telling.
“Why can’t Dad and I go buy an experienced dog and Allegra can keep the puppy?” Lucian asked.
“Don’t be silly,” Alexandra said. “What would she do with a hunting puppy?”
“Start a lame puppy protection agency,” Lucian replied sarcastically.
“Lucian,” she scolded. “You will take the puppy you have, or go without. Besides, training him will give you a leg up. Now, what are you going to call him?”
“Maybe I should let Allegra name him.” But just as she was opening her mouth he continued, “Never mind! You’ve done enough damage already.” He looked at the puppy. Allegra had just set him on the floor and he was hobbling over. He did have a limp in his left forepaw. He stood for a minute at Lucian’s feet and then picked himself up so that his front paws were resting on Lucian’s lower leg. Lucian bent over and picked him up. “How about Rusty since he’s so red?”
“That’s a wonderful name,” Alexandra said with a smile.
As though recognizing the importance of what had happened, Rusty began barking merrily and then licked Lucian’s face.
“Well, boy, it’s going to be a long summer,” Lucian whispered.
Rusty barked happily and continued licking Lucian’s face.

Early in the morning on August thirty-first, the family had a light breakfast before climbing in their carriage for the long ride to Charming Academy. When they arrived at the castle, a tall fairy was waiting for them at the entrance. She had long, blue-violet hair and large, violet eyes. She was wearing a long blue dress that seemed to float around her. Her iridescent blue and violet wings were similar in shape to a butterfly’s wings although larger and thinner. “Good day to you,” she said in a light, airy voice. “I am Calista Periwinkle. Welcome to Charming Academy for Boys. I’ll lead you first to the stables where Prince Lucian’s horse will be housed and your carriage horses will have rest.”
“Thank you,” Alexandra said.
“Shall we begin?” She led them past the castle to a large, wooden building. Inside they met a pink fairy who was singing a cheerful melody as she brushed down a gleaming silver horse. “That is Phillipa Rosepetal,” Calista said as they walked to an empty stall where Lucian led Zephyr. “She teaches our horsemanship classes. You won’t find a better horsewoman in all of Sanalbereth.”
The fairy turned and smiled at Lucian and his parents and nodded her head in greeting. To Lucian’s surprise, his father smiled and seemed to know the fairy. He didn’t have time to contemplate the matter because Phillipa turned back to her horse and Calista lead them out of the stable.
“Shall we continue?” Calista asked. She led them outside to a well-kept garden surrounded by several buildings. “At Charming Academy, we pride ourselves on having a well-rounded curriculum. Our students take the regular classes you would expect such as language arts and mathematics, as well as specialized classes that will help prepare them for their own quest. Out here we have the botany greenhouse and that dark building is our witches’ hovel. I must warn you, we keep the witches on staff for disciplinary purposes. We share them with Fair Damsels Academy. When a witch is called, we have no control over the punishment chosen and are, therefore, not liable for curses or enchantments that may befall your son. If this is a problem for you, you may wish to reconsider his placement here.” She paused momentarily, but when no response was made she continued, “Past the witches’ hovel is our foreign language building. Our teacher is a mermaid which is why the building overhangs the lake. Your son will learn the languages of mermaids, dragons and unicorns; as well as some dabbling in gnome and dwarf. Gym classes are over there by the obstacle course as well as inside that building over there. Now we’ll go inside the castle where the majority of classes are held.”
She led them in through gilded oak doors that were magnificently carved with scenes of heroic princes. The outside of the castle was gleaming white and sparkled in the morning sunlight. Once inside, they saw a large staircase that split at the second level and continued to curve upward on either side. The walls were decorated in tapestries and paintings depicting Prince Charmings who’d gone years before. The hall was riddled with windows allowing the sunlight to stream through and light the hallways. Carpeted in plush velvet, Lucian couldn’t hear anyone’s steps as they walked through the halls. “On this level of the castle,” Calista said, breaking Lucian’s thoughts, “we have most of our specialty classes.” A burst of flames, followed by a loud roar, shot through an open door on their right. “Dragon fighting, for example,” Calista said as though nothing out of the ordinary had happened. She waved her wand and a rain shower appeared over the blaze and quickly put it out. “We also have fencing, spell breaking and alchemy on this level of the castle. This is also where our dining hall, infirmary, and common area are located. If you’ll follow me, we’ll head upstairs and continue the tour.”
They followed Calista up the staircase. It was made of polished oak and carpeted with the same dark blue, velvet carpet as the floors below. As they reached the landing for the second floor, Lucian could see into one of the rooms. Had classes already started? A green fairy was lecturing on romantic poetry and he could see several boys taking notes. He also saw a few that were staring off at nothing in particular.
His father had noticed the class too and asked in a panicked voice, “Did we miss the first of the school year?”
“No,” Calista replied,” the older boys begin classes earlier. Our first year students start the fifteenth of September while our sixth year students begin August first. Each year begins a little earlier than the year before it. We do this to help ease the students’ transition and to make time for individual parent orientations for our new students.” She paused to allow for further questions, but continued when there weren’t any. “This level of the castle is primarily for our academic courses. The class you can see is language arts, led by Airlia Willowlimb. We also have mathematics, history, art and music. Also on this level are our teachers’ offices. Each teacher has their own office which is used for meetings with students to go over strengths and weaknesses, trouble areas, or anything else the students may feel the need to discuss with their teachers. Now we’ll head upstairs to our third floor.”
They went up the left staircase and spiraled up to the next level. On this level, Lucian could see a few boys who appeared to be his age. His only disappointment was that it appeared they were all taller than he was. He shouldn’t have been surprised. There was always someone taller than him; especially since he was short for his age. This level also had a very high, cathedral style ceiling. Between the large, slanting windows hung more paintings depicting brave princes completing their quests. It appeared to be simply a long hallway with three doors.
“Here,” Calista said, “we have the entrance to the dormitories to your right and the tower to your left. In the tower we teach orientation, hunting, etiquette and astronomy.”
“How can you teach hunting indoors?” Lysander asked.
“The technique and ethics of hunting can be taught in a classroom. Our students also receive plenty of outdoor experience. But first they must understand safety and nature’s laws. The third door,” Calista continued, “is the door to my office. If you’ll step inside for a moment, we’ll complete orientation and you will have the rest of the day at leisure to see that Lucian is comfortably situated in his room.”
She held open the door as the three entered the spacious room. It was comfortably furnished with large, golden chairs covered with blue cushions. There was an oak desk neatly arranged with papers, pens and other necessities. The walls were pale blue and decorated with an oak bookcase, large chalkboard with a jar of chalk, and a portrait containing several fairies, including Calista and the fairy king and queen. It appeared to be a wedding. Lucian noticed that Calista seemed to have the opposite problem he did. Everyone in the portrait was shorter than she was.
“It’s a lovely picture, isn’t it?” Calista asked.
“Yes,” Lucian agreed. “Are you friends with the queen?”
Calista laughed, a merry sound like the babbling of a brook. “In a sense; the queen is my sister.” She motioned for them to have a seat while saying, “Here at Charming Academy, we make every effort to make sure that your son is ready for his quest. This includes meeting his princess every quarter. I’m sure you’ll agree that love at first sight is a romantic notion, but a myth.”
“Not always,” Alexandra replied, squeezing her husband’s hand.
Calista smiled. “There are always exceptions. But in our experience, it does not happen often. It is for this reason you’ll find that we have already selected a princess for Lucian based on the information you sent in your request.” She pointed her wand at the chalkboard and the pieces of chalk jumped to life. Soon they had sketched a colorful picture of a girl who appeared to be the same age as Lucian. Lucian was hardly impressed. The portrait showed a smiling girl with dull blonde hair and watery blue eyes. Written above her head was Princess Moira of Lictthane. “As you can see, Princess Moira is a lovely girl.” Lucian tried not to scoff. “She will begin attending Fair Damsels Academy this fall. Their first meeting will be in mid-October during our fall festival. Now do you have any questions?”
“When will we need to get Lucian?” Alexandra asked.
“We have a winter break starting after the celebration of the winter solstice,” Calista replied.
“Does everything center around the seasons?” Lysander asked.
“Well, yes, Your Majesty. Nature is the most precious gift we’ve been given. We celebrate all its beauties,” Calista explained. “You will need to pick Prince Lucian up on December twenty-third. He will be required back on January twenty-third. We give a full month for winter break. The school year ends on the summer solstice with a graduation ceremony combining the two schools which Lucian and our other princes will be required to attend every year. On that day we will meet together and we will then give you his certificate of completion, a grade card showing his mastery levels in each of his courses. Any other questions?”
Lucian was tempted to ask if he had to stay there, but decided against it.
“No,” Alexandra said. “Thank you.”
“You are quite welcome. Well, I’m sure you want to spend some time with Lucian before you return home. You have a long journey ahead of you. Good day,” Calista said as she ushered them from her office.
It did not take long for Lucian to find his room. There was a large golden plaque over the door that read “Prince Lucian of Maltisten” in sparkling blue script. When they walked inside, they found that Lucian’s luggage had already been brought up. There was a large window in the room and next to it was an oak desk with candles for late night studying. A large oak wardrobe was standing near a huge four poster bed. It was concealed by deep blue curtains. On pulling them aside, Lucian discovered that the bed was very soft and covered in light blue bedding with multiple gold fringed, blue pillows at the head of it. He stepped away from it and looked around. The room was huge, larger even than his room at home, which seemed very surprising considering he was in a school and not his home. The furniture was all very comfortable looking and had the old and yet loved look that made him feel slightly more at home. Outside the door was a row of small letterboxes. “I suppose that’s where my mail will go,” Lucian said, finding one labeled with his name.
“Yes, it would be the proper place for it,” Alexandra said. “Now you haven’t forgotten anything, have you? You have all your clothes, your supplies, everything?”
“Darling, we checked five times before we left home. Everything is here,” Lysander sighed. “You know how proud of you we are, don’t you son?”
“Yes, dad, I know,” Lucian replied.
“Well, your mother and I should be off then,” Lysander said.
Lucian nodded. He wanted to go with them. He didn’t want to be left here on his own. He didn’t want to be special. “Dad, I don’t…”
“You’ll be fine, son,” Lysander interrupted. “Work hard, learn all you can. And remember, no matter what anyone else says; you’ll always be a Prince Charming to me.” He hugged Lucian tight before letting Alexandra say her goodbyes.
“Know that we love you, son. We’ll write to you every week,” Alexandra promised. “Now give me a smile before we go.” Lucian attempted a smile, but it didn’t quite work. “Oh now you can do better than that. Light up the room with it.”
Lucian couldn’t help but grin ear-to-ear at his mother’s favorite phrase.
“That’s much better,” Alexandra said with a smile of her own. “Take care of yourself and remember what we’ve taught you.” She hugged him close to her. Then she and Lysander turned and left, leaving Lucian alone, except for the sleeping puppy in the corner.

In the weeks before classes started, Lucian spent his time touring the castle and grounds, hoping to meet some of the other princes his age. He had been among the first to come for a new year at Charming Academy. One day as he was walking near the foreign language building, he heard someone behind him talking. “Mother, I don’t want to stay here.”
“Oh please. Don’t make such a fuss. Moira had to go a week ago and she didn’t complain,” a woman’s voice replied.
Lucian turned to see a tall, stocky boy with honey brown hair speaking to a rather intimidating-looking woman. She had dark brown hair which was pulled into such a tight bun it seemed to be pulling her face into an even longer, grimmer expression. The boy muttered something under his breath.
“What did you say?” his mother snapped.
“Nothing, Mother, nothing,” he said quickly. “I suppose I’ll see you in December. I love you.”
The woman attempted a motherly smile, but it looked more like a grimace. “Yes, I suppose so. I love you too. Goodbye.”
The boy waited for the woman to stalk off before whispering, “Not as much as you love precious, perfect Moira.”
“Hi,” Lucian said as the boy came closer “Are you new here?”
“Yeah, I am,” the boy said.
“Me too. My name is Lucian. I’ve been here for a few days.”
“Adrian,” the boy replied. “As you can see, Mother just left me here.”
“I did see. Where’s your father?”
“Dad died five years ago.
“Oh,” Lucian replied, “I’m sorry.”
Adrian shrugged. “It’s okay. So, who’s forcing you to come here?”
“Mom and Dad. Dad more than Mom. He didn’t get to come so he feels like he’s not really good enough for my mom,” Lucian explained.
“I think Mom just wanted to get me out of the house. My twin sister is going to the girls’ school so that she can get the prince she deserves.” Adrian made a face. “The only prince I would wish her on is one who could turn her to stone or something equally silent.”
“I know what you mean,” Lucian said with a grim expression. “My little sister, Allegra, gets away with everything.”
“Yeah. Did you say Allegra?” Adrian asked suddenly.
“Yes.”
“Where are you from?”
“Maltisten.” Lucian was feeling more confused by the second. “Why?”
For a moment Adrian gaped at him before saying, “Your sister is my princess.”
“No way, that can’t be right.”
“Unless you know of another Allegra of Maltisten,” Adrian replied.
Lucian knew there wasn’t another Princess Allegra. One was bad enough, but two? He would have gone insane. “I guess she is. I’m sorry.”
“She annoying?” Adrian asked.
“She’s a pest,” Lucian said sourly before describing Allegra’s latest escapade with his sword.
When he’d finished, Adrian asked curiously, “Who’s your princess?”
“Princess Moira of Lictthane,” Lucian replied.
“Wow, now I’m sorry. Moira is my twin sister. She’s the most horrid, conniving, evil girl on the entire planet. Maybe even in the whole universe!”
“That bad?” Lucian asked.
“Yeah. Well, I guess we’ll suffer together. You with my sister and me with yours,” Adrian said, looking glumly brave about the situation.
“I guess so,” Lucian replied. “I suppose somehow it could be worse.”
“I don’t see how,” Adrian said.
The next day, they both saw how things could get worse. They were wandering around the grounds talking when a gleaming carriage pulled up. Calista was standing in front of the steps as she had been when Lucian had arrived. The carriage was pulled to a stop, six golden horses panting after their long ride. Behind the carriage, a tall young boy was riding in on a brilliant white stallion. He was wearing the school uniform, but his jacket was dripping with medals and ribbons. A footman jumped from the back of the carriage and rushed to the door. “Presenting their royal highnesses, King Roland and Queen Angelique of Coleston and their son, Prince Kaelen of Coleston,” the man said in a nasal voice before rushing to pull open the door with a sweeping bow.
Calista smiled as a couple exited the carriage and the prince dismounted his horse and stood next to his parents. “King Roland, it has been far too long,” she said. “I’ve not seen you since you completed your quest and that has been many years ago.”
“Yes, well, the pressures of ruling a province,” he said. “You understand.”
“Indeed,” Calista replied with a mysterious note of disappointment in her voice. “It would seem you missed our uniform policy. There is to be no ornamentation at this time.
“Well, surely a few awards can be overlooked,” Queen Angelique said. “He is, after all, third generation.”
“That is neither here nor there. In this school, all begin as equals. Surely King Roland remembered that.” There was some spluttering from the king before Calista continued, “I’m afraid you will have to remove every ribbon and medal before you leave today. Charming Academy makes exceptions for no one. Shall we go to the stables? There your horses will receive some much earned rest and Kaelen’s horse will be housed.”
Adrian and Lucian watched Calista lead them away. “Can you believe that?” Adrian asked. “I’ve never seen so many medals on someone our age.”
“Me neither,” Lucian replied. “I feel badly for the fairies. He’s going to be a handful.”
“Yeah, well don’t feel too badly for them; we’re the ones who have to live with that snob,” Adrian pointed out.
“Well, maybe it’s just his parents,” Lucian said. “He could be in the same boat we’re in.”
“You honestly think that kid isn’t enjoying all the attention?” Adrian asked incredulously.
Lucian hesitated, “Well, he might not be so bad. It could just be an act he’s putting on to keep his parents happy.” They watched as Calista led the family past the witches’ hovel and towards the castle.
“I hope you’re right,” Adrian said.

It didn’t take long for them to find out that Lucian was wrong about Kaelen. He was every bit as selfish and arrogant as he had seemed that first day; and he was a bully. He was the best, the biggest, the strongest and the smartest in his not-so-humble opinion and you’d best remember that or else. Lucian and Adrian found themselves avoiding Kaelen whenever possible, but as the days wore on to the start of school, it became quite clear that avoiding him would not be possible. They very soon received their class lists in their mailboxes. Lucian and Adrian were thrilled to discover that they had all the same classes at the same time, but horrified to discover that so did Kaelen.
“Are you quite sure?” Lucian asked again.
“See for yourself,” Adrian replied, handing him the copy of Kaelen’s schedule he’d written down while Kaelen had been out.
Lucian took the schedule Adrian handed him and compared it to his own. What he read was disappointingly identical. There was no escaping it; Kaelen would be in their classes
.
Class Schedule
Day Time Class Teacher
Monday, Wednesday
8:00-9:30 Language Arts Airlia Willowlimb
9:30-11:00 Mathematics Marius Hawkeye
11:00-12:00 Lunch
12:00-1:00 History Clio Stormcloud
1:00-2:00 Hunting Diana Foxglove
2:00-3:00 Botany Russett Snapdragon
3:00-4:00 Foreign Language Lorelei
Tuesday, Thursday
8:00-9:30 Physical Education Achilles Stardust
9:30-11:00 Etiquette Gelasia Stardust
11:00-12:00 Lunch
12:00-1:00 Orientation Honoria Peregrine
1:00-2:30 Horsemanship Phillipa Rosepetal
12:30-4:00 Fencing Raphael Peregrine
Friday
8:00-9:30 Language Arts Airlia Willowlimb
9:30-11:00 Art Stefanos Stormcloud
11:00-12:00 Lunch
12:00-1:30 Beginner’s Alchemy Aurelia Sundance
1:30-3:00 Music Amadeus Comettail
Adrian sighed, “I suppose you’re going to say we may as well make the best of it.”
Lucian grimaced. “That’s exactly what I was going to say. We’ll have to find a way of dealing with him. At least there will be ten other guys in these classes for him to pick on.”
“Yeah,” Adrian said. “And we don’t have to share rooms with anyone. Can you imagine having him as your roommate?”
Lucian nodded but said nothing as he tossed the copied schedule into the fireplace.

Year 1 Chapter 2
Back to Table of Contents

When classes started, Lucian was more than ready. The two weeks with little to do had been torture, despite all the fun he had with Adrian. During the day, he and Adrian worked with Rusty, trying to teach him to hunt. Lucian and his father hadn’t gotten very far with the playful puppy over the summer. Adrian’s dog, Clover, was an older, experienced dog with enough love and patience to run with Rusty. She was a dark brown dog with a white patch over her heart resembling, vaguely, a cloverleaf. Rusty slowly improved, but still had trouble following basic commands. “He’ll get it with practice,” Adrian would often say to reassure Lucian after a long day of working. “He’s just having a hard time concentrating. This is a brand new place after all.”
Lucian would smile and nod, but he was becoming more and more frustrated. Rusty limped less as the days wore on. He wondered if perhaps the puppy had been hurt while still very small and was finally beginning to heal. Or perhaps it was being around the fairies that was healing Rusty’s leg. Lucian wasn’t quite sure which it was, but didn’t particularly care. He found more and more each day that he loved that little puppy. He had even started letting Rusty sleep in his bed at night, mostly because it was nighttime that was hardest for him. Left alone with his thoughts, Lucian would dwell on how homesick he was. He missed his parents dreadfully. He even missed Allegra, though he would never have admitted it to Adrian. He began to look forward to Mondays when he received letters from home. He wrote back telling them about his progress with Rusty and, once school started, about his classes and teachers.
The week before the princes would meet their princesses in mid-October, Lucian was well used to his schedule. He already had favorite classes; he loved fencing and astronomy. However, he hated hunting and horsemanship. He was also not looking forward to the meeting with the princesses because Phillipa had just told them it would be a ride through the forest on their horses. It was humiliating enough riding in front of the other boys! Lucian wasn’t actually a bad horseman, but Zephyr made the lessons long and frustrating. It wasn’t helped by the fact that Kaelen always had perfect control of his horse and pointed this out frequently.
“If you would learn to control your horse like I do,” Kaelen said on their way to fencing Tuesday afternoon, “you wouldn’t be struggling to learn how to ride.”
“I know how to ride, Kaelen,” Lucian said sourly. “Zephyr’s just a free spirit. We haven’t become a team yet.”
Kaelen laughed in a superior manner. “You’re not supposed to be a team. You lead and it obeys. That’s the way it’s supposed to work.”
“Phillipa says we’re to work with our horse,” Adrian argued. “That means being a team.”
Kaelen cracked his knuckles menacingly. “Are you saying I don’t understand horsemanship?”
“Not at all,” Adrian replied. He leaned over to Lucian as Kaelen walked ahead of them. “Just that you don’t listen.”
Lucian nodded but didn’t reply. As the boys walked towards the castle for fencing, his thoughts turned from the horsemanship disaster to Monday afternoon’s botched hunting class. He recalled Diana Foxglove, their instructor, had been teaching them to use silent signals with their hounds. While difficult for the experienced dogs, Rusty couldn’t even follow spoken commands. The class period had been made worse by Kaelen kicking Rusty. Lucian knew it stemmed from a snide comment he had made about Kaelen’s dog. It had also given him his first experience with the witches; an experience he hoped he would never have to repeat. In vivid detail he remembered Diana, a slender fairy with brown hair and golden eyes, pulling out her wand and shooting a piece of black paper from the tip. It flew to the witches’ hovel and down the chimney. Within moments, a wild-looking figure approached them. Coming close behind was Calista Periwinkle.
“You called?” the witch asked in a hoarse whisper. She was wearing a ragged, deep purple gown. Her black hair was stringy and knotted as though it had never been brushed, except for a pure white strand near the front, which had been braided and was bound with a black leather strap.
“Yes, Morghana,” Diana said. “We’re having a little problem here.”
“What has happened?” Calista asked. She looked from Kaelen to Lucian as Diana explained the situation.
“Lucian has admitted his mistake and apologized,” Diana finished. “Kaelen has not.”
“It would seem to me,” Morghana said, turning to the two boys, “that Prince Kaelen needs a lesson in humility.” Lucian instinctively stepped back from the witch. Her eyes were sunken and the darkest brown while her skin was withered and pale. Rusty hid behind Lucian’s arm with a yelp. The witch smiled wickedly, revealing yellow teeth. “Step forward, Prince Kaelen.” When neither boy moved, Morghana cackled, “Very well. Prince Lucian, please step to Calista’s right side.” Lucian wasted no time obeying the witch. He was utterly terrified! Morghana turned to Kaelen and said in a mystic tone while holding up the cane she had walked up with, “No words shall you utter nor with pen record until your apology is made by action and word.” A violet light flashed from the knotted, wooden stick and wrapped about Kaelen’s mouth and hands. Kaelen opened his mouth to speak, but no sound came out. “You cannot speak, young prince,” she cackled. “The only words you can say will be, ‘I am sorry,’ and that only when you have shown that you are. This punishment will be as long or as short as you make it.”
The punishment hadn’t lasted very long. After a full day of silence and not being able to take notes or do homework, Kaelen had come to Lucian while he was playing out on the lawn with Rusty and put out his hand for Lucian to shake. He then scratched behind the puppy’s ears. In a pompous tone he had muttered, “I am sorry.”
Lucian was forced to return to the present as Raphael came into the room to start their fencing lesson. Raphael had a commanding voice and presence, his hawk-like eyes missing nothing that went on in his classroom. His long, golden-brown hair was neatly pulled back from his face in a ponytail that had been braided to prevent stray wisps getting in his face. Adrian believed it was so that he had a whip handy in case the boys got out of hand.
“What’s he need a whip for?” Lucian had asked when Adrian had voiced this concern. “He’s got a sword. He’s fast enough he could run us through and have the sword clean before any of us knew he was mad!”
“Good afternoon, gentlemen,” Raphael said. After a cacophony of response, he continued, “Please put on a mask and a shield then go with your partner to your exercise mat. Today we will be working on basic defense.”
Adrian and Lucian grabbed their gear before going to the far corner they worked in. Going to the sword rack, each grabbed his sword before taking their stance. They’d been working for a while when Adrian asked, “Why is it you can do all this stuff so easily and I’m struggling to figure it out?”
“Dad taught me when I was little,” Lucian replied. “As soon as he realized I was left-handed he started working with me using sticks, a wooden sword and teaching me to use a bow. Besides,” he continued as he lunged, “you’re getting better every day.”
“Yes you are, Adrian,” Raphael interrupted. “Please continue your exercise,” he said as the two startled boys stopped to look at him. They continued and he watched for a while before saying, “Class, I want everyone to come see how Lucian is handling his sword.” The boys gathered around the mat and Lucian felt himself blushing. Raphael looked at Adrian and asked, “May I borrow your sword?”
“Sure,” Adrian replied, handing his sword over to Raphael as they had been taught to do.
“Thank you, Adrian. You did very well passing your sword safely. Now, Lucian, I am going to attack and I want you to block. Everyone, I want you to watch his hands. Oh, here, turn to this side so that everyone can see. I’d forgotten you were left-handed. There we are. En garde.” Raphael began a slow attack. “Watch how he holds the sword. He has a firm grip and is in total control, but notice how his hand is light. He has easy movement throughout his hand making him a better swordsman. You must learn this kind of control. Clutching your weapon restricts movement. Barely holding it can lead to fatal mistakes. Such control is difficult to master, especially when you are left-handed in a right dominant world. Excellent work, Lucian. Everyone return to your mats.”
Lucian couldn’t help beaming. Praise was so rare for him in many of his classes. This was the one class in which he was undoubtedly the best; much to Kaelen’s chagrin. The fact that this class ended the day made it even better. He could carry the feeling of accomplishment on for the remainder of the day. Lucian was in total control in this class; he didn’t have to rely on other students or animals. He just had to rely on himself and his own skills. It also gave him one beautiful hour and half with no gloating from Kaelen since for once, Lucian was better at something. He couldn’t quite push away a smug feeling of pride as he watched a scowling Kaelen return to his mat with his partner.

By Saturday, Lucian truly dreaded meeting Moira. Between Adrian’s stories and the failed attempts to control Zephyr, Lucian was sure the day was going to be a complete catastrophe. When he woke up, he got dressed in his uniform and went downstairs for breakfast. Adrian was already in the dining hall enjoying toast and eggs. “Good morning, Lucian. Pull up a chair.”
Lucian sat heavily and began eating. “How long are we supposed to do this meeting thing?”
“Four hours,” Adrian replied.
“Lovely,” Lucian said sarcastically.
“Hey, look at it this way, after lunch it will be over. Best make do with it. I heard Kieffer tried faking sick to get out of seeing his princess. Tallia caught him easily enough though. She didn’t fall for the thermometer under the lampshade trick.”
“Isn’t Kieffer in his fifth year?”
“Sixth,” Adrian corrected. “If he doesn’t figure out how to get along with that princess of his, his quest is going to be difficult at best. Tallia sent for the witches after whatever it was he said about his princess. He might be in for quite a bit of ridicule from her.”
“I suppose somehow it could be worse.”
“Sure it could. It could be raining. Of course, if it were raining, we wouldn’t have to ride at all. Phillipa would have a conniption if we rode out in the rain.”
“I just want today to be over,” Lucian admitted.
He was interrupted from speaking further by Calista’s voice piercing the air, though she was not shouting. The two boys turned to see who she was talking to, as did everyone else in the dining hall. There in the entrance was Kaelen, his jacket dripping once again with medals. “Prince Kaelen, it is incredibly regrettable to me that you have been informed of the dress code and have still chosen to disregard it. Do not make the mistake in believing that you are the only prince here to have been recognized for something. We allow such recognition to be kept in your room to serve as a reminder of past successes. But as you are incapable of following simple directions, all your awards and ribbons are hereby confiscated until the end of term.” She waved her wand and the medals and ribbons decorating his chest disappeared.
“But you can’t do that!” he shouted.
“As headmistress of this school, yes I can and if you continue to argue I will be forced to call the witches. I believe we already have one student meeting his princess with a tail, surely you do not wish the same embarrassing accoutrement,” she said.
Kaelen scowled before walking to an empty table.
“You know, I almost feel badly for him,” Adrian admitted.
Lucian couldn’t help but feel surprised. “Why?”
“Look at him. He hasn’t got any friends at all. It must be lonely for him.”
“Well, if he wasn’t such a snob he’d probably have friends. But you’re right. He’s got to be lonely.”
The boys were gathered outside at ten o’clock as the carriages the princesses were arriving in pulled into the grounds. The carriages were white with pink trappings and were pulled by silvery-grey horses. As the first carriage came to a stop, a fairy stepped out. She was wearing a dark blue gown which matched her eyes. Her long blue hair was wavy, an unusual characteristic for a fairy. She walked to the group and said, “Calista, so nice to see you again; and these must be your princes. I see some new faces. How charming they all look.”
“Melantha, as always it is a pleasure to welcome you and your ladies to our school,” Calista replied, a bright smile on her face.
Several girls started exiting the carriages. Older girls were immediately going to their princes, some more enthusiastically than others. The younger girls were standing silently, looking at the princes in front of them. Suddenly, Lucian heard a familiar voice calling his name. “Lucian, Lucian over here!”
“Allegra?” Lucian asked as his sister moved around the body of girls and threw her arms around him.
“I’ve missed you so much!” she said as she pulled away.
“Who are you and what have you done with my sister?” Lucian teased.
“What? Is it so wrong of me to be excited to see my brother?” Allegra asked, looking and sounding more like her old self.
“First year ladies,” Melantha called, preventing Lucian from having a chance to reply, “please come here and Calista and I will get you paired with your prince.”
There was some confusion as Calista and Melantha sorted their students. It wasn’t long before Lucian was standing next to Moira. She was exactly like the girl he’d seen on the chalkboard, minus the smile. Now she was scowling with her arms crossed over her chest. Worse, she was at least three inches taller than him. “Um, hi,” Lucian said, trying to be friendly.
“Hi,” Moira replied.
When she made no effort to continue the conversation, he continued, “I’m Lucian.”
“I know who you are.”
Lucian was taken aback. He’d heard from Adrian that Moira was unpleasant, but this went beyond what he had imagined. “You seem a little out of sorts, Moira.”
“I’m fine,” she snapped. “Let’s just get this done with. I don’t like horses and they don’t like me.”
He had the relieved thought that perhaps her contempt wasn’t due so much to him as to her insecurity with their activity. “I’m sure you’ll do fine.”
“Whatever.”
“Gentlemen, please get your horses and bring them here. Ladies, your horses will be here momentarily,” Calista said.
Lucian left Moira outside the stable as he walked inside to retrieve Zephyr. He got out his saddle and bridle and began placing the tack on the large horse. “Please,” Lucian whispered into Zephyr’s ear, “don’t embarrass me today. All next week you can throw me off for all I care. But please behave today.”
Zephyr snorted.
When Moira’s horse was brought to her, Lucian could see why she struggled. The horse was a tall chestnut, as fiery in temper as she was in color. It took both Phillipa and another fairy to hold the horse still as Moira attempted to mount. Tired of watching her struggle to get a leg up, Lucian cupped his hands to give her a boost up.
“I don’t need help,” Moira muttered.
“Just step up,” Lucian retorted, not bothering to keep the edge out of his voice.
Moira scowled at him and stomped down on his hands. She pulled herself up onto the horse and sneered, “Thank you.”
“No problem,” Lucian replied, rubbing his sore palms. He walked up to Zephyr and pulled him to a nearby stump. Phillipa held him as Lucian pulled himself up into the saddle.
“You’re getting better, Lucian. He didn’t fight as much as he used to.”
“Thanks.” He walked Zephyr to Moira who was fighting with her horse.
“Cinnamon, hold still,” she said; the quaver in her voice showed her fear.
Cinnamon whinnied and sidestepped. Zephyr seemed to catch Cinnamon’s willfulness. He started pulling at the reins and stamping his foot. “Whoa, boy,” Lucian commanded. He patted Zephyr’s neck. “We’ll be off soon enough, just be patient.
Zephyr snorted. Patience was not his strength.
Soon Phillipa and the girls’ riding instructor, who had been introduced as Augusta Horsefeather, led them away from the stables. They headed towards a tree-lined path going through the forest. It was a beautiful day. The leaves were beginning to change colors, creating a vivid display of red, orange, and yellow. There wasn’t a cloud in the brilliant blue sky which was a welcome relief from the thunderstorms they’d been having in the last couple of days.
As they allowed other students to go past them, Lucian attempted to ease the experience for Moira. “You’re giving her too much rein. Pull in a bit so she knows you’re in control.”
“I don’t need your help,” she snapped, though she pulled back on the reins.
The farther they went, the more frustrated Zephyr became. He watched as other horses trotted past him. Showing his impatience, he tossed his head and snorted.
“Easy, Zephyr,” Lucian said, leaning close to the horse’s ear. “I know you want to go faster and I’d love to let you, but right now we need to be gentlemen. You’re doing so well; just keep it up. I promise we’ll go on a nice gallop tomorrow.”
Zephyr snorted impatiently, but continued the slow pace.
Lucian looked ahead at the upcoming bend in the path. “Widowmaker,” he breathed as he watched a branch sway dangerously ahead of them. “Moira,” he said, turning to look at her, “you’ll need to move ahead of me now so we can get past that low-hanging branch. I’ll be right behind you, so don’t worry.”
“Like it matters.” She knew the only people left behind her were Esmé and her prince. All through the ride she had heard Esmé talking loudly about how sad it was that some people couldn’t ride. She was trying hard not to listen, but she was reaching the breaking point.
“Oh this is ridiculous. If you can’t make that nag go any faster, get out of the way so better riders can actually make it to the picnic sometime this millennium,” Esmé said, trotting past on her palomino stallion.
Cinnamon sidestepped nervously as the other horse went past. “Whoa girl,” Moira said, her voice breaking.
“You’re pathetic.”
Moira felt tears sting her eyes as she heard an unfamiliar voice call, “Wait up, Esmé. We’re supposed to come in together.”
Lucian looked back to see Kaelen moving past. “Moira, stay to the side so Kaelen can catch up to his princess.” Too busy trying to calm Moira down, Lucian didn’t see Kaelen pull out his riding crop and hit Zephyr smartly on the hindquarter. Zephyr half-reared, ran past Moira and straight into the branch.
Suddenly, Lucian found the wind knocked out of him as he fell face first into a puddle of mud. The branch, now snapped, was sticking out of the mud next to him. He could hear Moira laughing and then screaming as Cinnamon bolted past Zephyr, who was now standing next to the puddle looking at Lucian expectantly. Lucian stood up, grabbed Zephyr’s reins and ran out of the forest trying to see where Cinnamon had run to with his princess. He could hear other students laughing at him. He was covered in slimy mud, whereas Zephyr was as pristinely white as always. To his horror, he saw Kaelen leading a terrified Moira back atop Cinnamon.
“Everyone knows you can’t make sudden noises while riding; it spooks your horse,” Kaelen said.
“Stick a cork in it, snot.” She looked down at Lucian and sneered, “What was that about staying away from the branch?”
Before Lucian could respond, Phillipa and Augusta were in front of them. “I believe we need to have a little chat,” Phillipa said.
The two followed the fairies into the forest. “What happened?” Augusta asked.
“Zephyr was spooked by something,” Lucian replied.
“Lucian, we’ve been working on this,” Phillipa said. “You were doing so well today, and I know you know better than to ride into a branch. I could see you were even helping your princess with instructions and for most of the time you were in control, not Zephyr. How did he get spooked?”
“I don’t know,” Lucian replied. “He was fine until Kaelen and his princess passed us.”
Phillipa’s eyebrow rose but before she could say anything, Augusta had rounded on Moira. “Your prince was giving you instructions and you still lost control? How?”
She blushed. “I was laughing. The sound spooked Cinnamon.”
“Your prince fell off his horse and you laughed at him? After he had been helping you keep Cinnamon in control you laughed at him? How ungrateful!”
“Well, for once it wasn’t me looking like the fool.”
Augusta’s grey eyes flashed angrily. “If not for the fact that your horse ran away with you and provided embarrassment and punishment enough, I would call the witches right now. Melantha would not be happy if our celebration was spoiled by one of her young ladies, would she?”
Moira looked down at the ground. “No, Augusta.”
“No, so I expect you to apologize to Prince Lucian and then we will go to the picnic. Phillipa will help Lucian get cleaned up.”
Moira never looked up from the ground. “I’m sorry.”
“It wasn’t your fault,” Lucian replied. “I probably would have laughed too.”
There was no response from Moira as she followed Augusta. Phillipa watched and then looked at Lucian. “I am so sorry, Lucian.”
“Will you be able to clean it?” he asked, looking at the ruined jacket.
“Of course I will,” Phillipa replied. “I wasn’t referring to your clothing.”
Lucian thought for a moment before it dawned on him that she was referring to his princess, not the accident. Afraid he wouldn’t like the answer, but desperate to know, Lucian asked, “Do they ever change couples?”
Phillipa frowned. “We don’t change couples, Lucian. Love does not happen overnight. It’s like working with Zephyr. You begin with trust, respect and then you become a team, friends and from there love is born. The only time a pair is changed is when one party fails a class, as you should know from your parents.”
“I don’t really know what happened,” he admitted. “Mom and Dad never told me. I just know that Mom’s prince failed his mission and Dad stepped in.”
It was quiet for a moment before she said, “Come to my office tomorrow evening. You need to understand what happened. I can’t tell you now because your princess is waiting for you. And gentlemen never make ladies wait.” She smiled and waved her wand, causing the mud to instantly disappear before leading him back to the rest of the group.
Lucian soon found Moira sitting on a blanket with Adrian and Allegra. They were talking as Lucian walked up. “Moira, are you doing better now?”
“I’m fine,” she retorted.
Allegra looked up in surprise. Before she could say anything, Jacobi walked up and asked, “Do you mind if Clarissa and I join you?”
“Not at all,” Adrian replied. “The more the merrier.”
“Thanks,” Clarissa said as she and Jacobi sat down. “Beautiful day, isn’t it?”
“Yes it is,” Allegra replied. “Are you a first year?”
“Not exactly.” Clarissa explained, “I’m only twelve so I begin next year.”
“That’s great! I’m twelve too,” Allegra said.
Their conversation was interrupted by the sound of Rusty barking. He ran to Lucian, tongue hanging out and wagging his tail. “Oh Rusty, I can’t work with you today,” Lucian said, scratching Rusty’s ears.
Rusty looked at him for a moment before turning and seeing Allegra. He barked and jumped into her lap. “Good boy, Rusty. Look at how you’ve grown! You’re such a smart puppy. Why did you say you can’t work with him?” Allegra asked, turning her attention to Lucian.
“Adrian and I always work with Rusty after his lunch on Saturday. He thinks it’s time for a lesson,” he replied.
“I told you he’d be the perfect dog.”
Someone sneezing behind them made them all turn around. “I’m allergic to dogs. You need to take that mutt somewhere else,” Esmé said. She and Kaelen were standing together next to the group.
“Or you could go elsewhere, Esmé. It’s not our job to keep you comfortable,” Allegra snapped.
Esmé sniffed and Kaelen asked, “What’s that dumb dog doing here anyway? Haven’t you embarrassed yourself enough for one day?”
“Dumb dog? Rusty’s not dumb,” Allegra retorted.
“It’s okay, Allegra,” Lucian said before Allegra could continue her attack. “Kaelen, you’ve already been in trouble once for hurting Rusty. Shouldn’t you go before you make it twice?”
Kaelen blushed angrily and began pulling Esmé away as she started interrogating him about Lucian’s comment.
“I can’t believe she was accepted,” Allegra said, disgust in her voice.
“You know her?” Moira asked.
“Yeah, she’s in the same dressage division I’m in, so I see her at competitions all the time. She’s the most selfish person I know,” she replied.
“Well, she and her prince seem like a match made in heaven,” Clarissa commented.
“I don’t think they qualify,” Adrian countered with a grin.
The group laughed as the fairies brought baskets to each blanket. They passed around plates and silverware before passing around sandwiches, apple slices, flasks of fresh apple cider, carrot sticks and little vanilla cupcakes. The meal was enjoyable, except for Moira sulking anytime the ride was mentioned. It didn’t seem like long before Calista announced, “It is time for you to say goodbye to the lovely ladies of Fair Damsels Academy. Please remember there is no kissing when you say your goodbyes. We will meet again December twenty-second for our winter festival.”
“Well, they don’t have to worry about kissing here,” Adrian said, his nose wrinkled.
“I couldn’t agree more,” Moira replied.
Lucian and Allegra exchanged glances, but said nothing. They didn’t need to.
“Well, it was a pleasure to meet you,” Lucian said to Moira.
“Yeah, likewise,” she replied, though her sarcasm was not lost on Lucian. “I suppose I’ll see you in December.”
“Yeah, I guess so. Have a safe journey.”
She didn’t respond. Rather, she turned on her heel and joined the rest of the girls in line to return to Fair Damsels Academy. Lucian watched her go wishing Phillipa had said trades were allowed all the time. He would have much preferred Clarissa, although he certainly didn’t wish Moira on Jacobi. Not even Kaelen was bad enough in his opinion. To his mind, the afternoon had been a failure.
“Didn’t I tell you she was a piece of work?” Adrian asked, watching the carriages pull away.
Lucian just nodded as he fed Zephyr some of the leftover apple slices. “Thanks for trying today, Zephyr.”
The horse munched happily on the slices while Adrian accused, “You didn’t tell me Allegra was such a good rider.”
“Oh yeah, riding’s her passion.”
“Yeah, well, she’s a lot better than me. Let’s head inside with Rusty. It’s getting a bit chilly.”
“We have to put the horses away first,” Lucian replied.
“Then we’d best get moving,” Adrian said. “We’ll work with Rusty tomorrow.”

Year 1 Chapter 3
Back to Table of Contents

After supper on Sunday, Lucian climbed up to the second floor. He walked past the classrooms to the hall with the fairies’ offices. There were golden nameplates on each door. He reached the one that read Phillipa Rosepetal – Horsemanship. He knocked on the door and soon heard a voice say, “Come in.”
He walked into the office and saw Phillipa standing at her desk. She was wearing her normal riding habit and leather boots. “Good evening, Lucian,” she said, looking up at him with large pink eyes. “I thought perhaps you might like to come help me in the stables as we talk.”
“Okay.” He followed Phillipa silently as they walked to the stables. It was a clear autumn evening. There was the slight smell of rain left over from the afternoon’s shower. “What do you want me to help with?” he asked as they walked into the wooden building.
“Calista is going into town to see her sister. Tomorrow is her birthday, you see. She needs the carriage prepared. I’d like you to groom the horses while I polish the carriage.”
“Alright.” He grabbed a curry brush and went to one of the four charcoal-grey horses that would pull the blue and gold carriage.
They worked in silence for a while before Phillipa said, “I suppose I should begin telling you the story. Once upon a time, there was a young prince named Maximillion. He, like many others, graduated from Charming Academy and was sent out on his quest. There were some who doubted Maximillion’s abilities; he was not a very good student and barely scraped by in many of his classes. However, graduation came and his quest began. He searched for five full years for his princess and then met many obstacles when he found the location of the Forbidden Tower. Somehow he got through the forest of thorns and distracted the dragon. But he could not reach her.”
“Why not?” Lucian asked.
“He was scared of heights,” Phillipa replied. “The Forbidden Tower is so named because it is, as I stated, surrounded by barriers and it is well over one hundred feet to the small window that is the only way in or out. Princess Alexandra was blessed by the witches with hair that grew abnormally fast, was stronger than steel, and yet light as a feather and soft as satin. She was incredibly beautiful, not that I need to tell you. She would not allow Maximillion to give up. She knew how difficult the climb was for him. But she continued to encourage him, calling down her love and her faith in him. It was no use. Not even ten feet up, Maximillion, overcome by his fear, fled.
“Alexandra was heartbroken, doomed to remain in the tower for eternity. On the last day he could have saved her, her prince, her love had abandoned her. She cried late into the night, until she heard someone calling her name. Hope bloomed once again and she ran to the window, expecting to see Prince Maximillion. But to her surprise, it was not her beloved prince at the bottom of the tower. It was a young man she’d never seen before. He called up to her, ‘Alexandra, let down your hair and I’ll come save you.’
“‘But you’re not my prince,’ she cried. ‘You cannot save me.’
“‘Allow me to try,’ the stranger said.
“Feeling she had no other choice, Alexandra threw her braid out the window and watched this young man, undaunted by the danger of his task, climb her hair to the window. Then she first laid eyes on her rescuer. His clothing was torn and his skin scratched by the forest of thorns he’d fought through. She could see burns from fighting the dragon. But she saw past these and into those pale blue eyes and immediately fell in love with him. In a story like no other, she had discovered love at first sight. She asked, ‘What is your name?’
“He replied, ‘Lysander, prince of Coleston.’ Without waiting another moment, he kissed her and the enchantment was broken. A flight of golden stairs magically appeared and Prince Lysander led his newfound love down below where three fairies were waiting. Those fairies were Calista Periwinkle, Vulcan Firebrand, and me.
“Naturally we were quite confused to see Alexandra being led down by someone other than her prince. Maximillion was found and after speaking to everyone involved we were able to piece together what had happened. Your father had secretly been helping Maximillion with his classes since he was not able to attend Charming Academy himself. That’s how he had come to know of Alexandra and of the dangers of rescuing her. He’d seen Maximillion flee, and unwilling to allow a princess to be left alone forever, he risked his own life to save her.
“It was determined that Alexandra and Lysander would marry, seeing as they were so in love with each other. However, it was also decided that the story would not be written because Lysander, though a Prince Charming in every sense of the title, had not graduated from Charming Academy. Prince Maximillion was stripped of his diploma and will never earn the title Prince Charming.”
“But why wasn’t the story written? It shouldn’t matter that he didn’t come to this school. He saved her, didn’t he?” Lucian asked.
Phillipa sighed, “I don’t have an answer for that, Lucian. In truth, it should have been, however I was not present for the final decision. Calista would know. Your father shouldn’t have been able to get through those obstacles. So, in a sense, you are second generation and I hope you see what results from failure. While it was certainly good for your parents, Maximillion lost everything that should have been his. That’s a horrible price to pay simply for a different bride.”
Lucian was silent as he finished brushing the last carriage horse. He heard Zephyr whinny. He turned with a smile and walked over to him. “Are you feeling jealous?”
Zephyr snorted and pushed Lucian’s chest with his nose.
“I owe you a gallop, don’t I?” He rubbed Zephyr’s forehead. The horse whinnied and he turned to Phillipa, “May I take him for a ride?”
“I don’t know, Lucian,” she frowned. “It’s getting late and you still struggle with him.”
“Please, Phillipa?” he begged. “I made a promise and a gentleman never goes back on his word.”
She laughed. “Using my own logic against me isn’t fair, Lucian. Alright, you may ride. Put this in your pocket,” she said as a piece of pink paper came out of her wand. “This way if Calista or anyone else sees you out they’ll know you have permission. Just be sure you put Zephyr back in his stall clean and fed.”
“I will. Thanks, Phillipa.”
She smiled before turning to Zephyr, “And you take good care of Lucian for me.”
Zephyr whinnied as she patted his neck before leaving.
Lucian put Zephyr’s tack on him before leading him outside to the pasture. The moon was rising as the sun fell towards the horizon, leaving a brilliant splash of color behind it. Zephyr’s coat glowed orange as Lucian led him to the mounting block. He climbed up and clicked his tongue. Zephyr started off at a walk but needed little encouragement to stretch into a gallop. Lucian held the reins loosely, allowing Zephyr the freedom to go at his own speed wherever he wanted. As the world flew by, Lucian basked in the glorious sunset and the feel of the wind whipping his copper hair. Zephyr began to slow down after a while, working his way down to a brisk walk. Lucian looked about, his honey-brown eyes taking in the cool violets and blues that replaced the fiery sunset. He saw a group of sunflowers that had dropped their seeds. He dismounted and gathered them in his pocket. His mother loved sunflowers; if he wrapped them well enough, he could send them to her in his next letter.
Holding on to Zephyr’s reins, Lucian walked about for a while, checking for more flowers that might be ready for picking. Ever impatient, Zephyr pushed his arm. “Are you ready to go home now, Zephyr?” Lucian asked, stopping to stroke the horse’s neck.
He snorted and pushed Lucian again.
Lucian laughed, “Alright, alright, I get the hint. Come on; let’s find a stump or something I can climb up on.”
To his surprise, Zephyr knelt down, allowing Lucian easier access to the saddle. As Lucian climbed up, he patted Zephyr’s neck. “I guess we’re a team now, aren’t we boy?”
Zephyr whinnied before beginning the ride home. The moon shone brightly around them, bathing everything in a silvery glow. Lucian listened to the sound of crickets chirping as he and Zephyr neared the stables. Zephyr began to speed up the closer they got to the cheery barn. Once they reached the pasture gate, Lucian dismounted and led Zephyr into the stables. He put the tack away before rubbing Zephyr down. Then he got his curry brush and brushed Zephyr’s coat until it gleamed. After filling his box with oats, Lucian patted Zephyr’s back before leaving the stables.
He hadn’t gotten very far when he heard Kaelen’s voice, “Well, if it isn’t perfection himself out after hours.”
“Leave me alone, Kaelen,” Lucian said.
“I was just asking your buddy here if he was brave enough to go into the witches’ garden.” Kaelen was pointing to a skinny, terrified-looking boy Lucian recognized from class, but didn’t know by name. “He could do it. I wonder if you can.”
“Is there a purpose behind going into their garden? Because I have better things I could be doing,” Lucian replied, making to go around Kaelen.
“I knew you were chicken.”
“Am not. We’re not allowed in the garden. Everyone knows that.”
“Nah, you’re just chicken. And now everyone will know that you are a coward. It’s going to be awfully hard to save your princess if you’ve got no spine.”
“Fine,” Lucian snapped, “I’ll go into the stupid garden.”
“Not so fast,” Kaelen said, grabbing his arm. “You have to prove you were there. I want you to steal one of their herbs and bring it back to me.”
“I hope they catch you,” Lucian hissed, wrenching his arm away and walking up to the gate. He could hear the witches chanting as he neared the house. He pulled the garden gate, hardly daring to breathe as is creaked.
“What was that sound?” he heard one of the witches ask.
“Just the wind, Sister,” another replied. “On with your lesson.”
Lucian let out a silent breath of relief and slipped into the garden. He walked through the garden and looked at the tenderly cared-for plants. He couldn’t spoil it. His eyes fell on a bunch of weeds. Kaelen was so awful at botany he would never know the difference between a weed and an herb. He pulled up the weeds and then his eyes fell on a bare patch where someone had clumsily pulled out a plant. He felt horrible, even though he hadn’t done it. If only he could replace it. A soft plop next to him made him look down. Lying on the ground was one of the sunflower seeds he’d gathered. Of course! But he couldn’t plant them here. As they grew, they would block the sunlight. If he planted it under the window, though, it just might work. He tiptoed to the house and poked three holes into the soft, cold ground. He gently dropped a seed into each hole before covering it. In a voice that was barely a whisper, he said, “Please grow.”
As he started to creep away, he heard a voice in the hovel say, “It’s time to bless the garden, Sisters.”
Frantically, Lucian began looking for somewhere to hide as he heard their door creak open. Seeing a large tree just outside the fence, he rushed to it, hopped silently over the fence. Curious to see what was happening, Lucian peeked around the trunk. He saw five witches walking in the moonlit garden. It was difficult to say what they looked like. All were wearing dark colors, except for one who was wearing a blood-red gown. She had curly, fiery red hair that spilled about her shoulders. One appeared older than all the rest, her hair blue-white in the moonlight.
“Calypso, it is your turn to be the voice. Everyone clasp hands in the circle.”
A young-looking witch raised her face to the sky. “Blessed earth below, hold our growing plants. Blessed water above, rain upon our growing plants. Blessed air all around, be gentle on our growing plants. Blessed fire in the sun, shine down upon our growing plants. Make all that is good grow with speed and cast out wicked thorn and weed.”
Together the witches chanted, “Blessed earth, blessed water, blessed air, blessed fire, keep care our garden dear.” There was silence for a moment, before the five sisters returned indoors.
Lucian silently went around the garden and back to where Kaelen was waiting. “Here are your herbs,” he said thrusting the weeds into Kaelen’s hand. He then ran past him to the castle.

By November, Lucian had given up on Rusty truly becoming a hunter. He was smart and aimed to please, but still could not follow commands. While he understood sound signals, he had yet to master silent commands. As their hunting final loomed closer, Lucian was sure he would fail. The class period before the final, Lucian approached Diana. “I just don’t know if Rusty can do this. Is there any other way to have this final?”
“I’m sorry, Lucian, but you know our rules. The final must be equal for everyone. Rusty will just have to do his best,” replied Diana.
Looking at the ground, Lucian asked, “What if his best isn’t good enough?”
“You’ll be put on academic probation. We’ll monitor your progress and if we see no improvement with one full school year, you’ll be given a failing grade and then you’ll leave Charming Academy.” Then she smiled and tipped Lucian’s chin so he was looking up at her, “Keep your chin up. Rusty has made great improvement and I don’t expect perfection; especially not from a puppy.”
Lucian nodded and walked away. As much as he wanted to be at home, he did not want to fail. It simply wasn’t an option. Not to mention his father would never believe him if he said he’d flunked out because of hunting. He would laugh and think it was a joke.
The day of the final dawned cold with a light blanket of snow covering the ground. “How do they keep that garden going?” Adrian asked as they walked past the witches’ hovel with Rusty and Clover.
“They bless it every night,” Lucian replied, looking at the garden. The sunflowers he had planted were blooming. There were now ten sunflowers lining the hovel’s wall as well as a few wildflowers he had found. He had been going to the boys Kaelen talked into going into the garden and asking for the plants they pulled so he could replant them.
Lucian and Adrian stopped short as a heart-stopping scream pierced the air. They turned back to the garden where the young, red-headed witch was standing in the garden shrieking, “Where’s my silver hazel?”
“What are you screaming about, Lucretia?” another witch asked, appearing out of nowhere. She appeared older than Lucretia with long black hair that was pulled back from her face by a silver tiara decorated with five stones. The center stone was white and to the left were a ruby and sapphire while the right side held an amethyst and emerald.
Lucretia turned, her hair dancing about her head like a flame in a fireplace while her eyes burned vermillion. “Someone has stolen my silver hazel. I can’t make the potion Tallia needs for the hospital without it; as you well know, Althea.”
“Now, dear, calm down,” Althea said, “I’m sure no one would steal your herbs. Some of our plants have turned up in the oddest places lately. Poor Maeve, as close to the Change as she is; I’m sure she’s simply been misplacing them.”
“But Maeve didn’t plant this, I did,” Lucretia argued, though her curly hair had settled about her shoulders and her eyes cooled to a warm chestnut.
“Let’s look about. I’m sure it will turn up.”
“Is there a problem, Althea?” Calista asked. Lucian hadn’t seen her leave the castle as intent as he was watching Lucretia and Althea. He had half-wanted to show the witches where the silver hazel was. He had replanted it after it had been plucked by one of the other boys. However, that would have meant admitting to having been in their garden and who knew what hot-tempered Lucretia might have done to him. He may have found himself finishing school as a newt.
“No Calista,” she replied, interrupting his thoughts, “we’ve merely misplaced a plant.”
 “Let’s go,” Lucian whispered as the conversation continued. “We’re going to be late for our final.”
The boys ran with their dogs to the clearing where hunting was held. Phillipa was there with their horses. There were also several older boys. Lucian and Adrian exchanged glances but said nothing as they gathered with the other boys their age. Soon Diana said, “Gentlemen, today as you are all aware, is the winter final for hunting and horsemanship. These finals are all about teamwork; being a team with your horse as well as being a team with your hound. You will be given two hours to complete the final. You are required to demonstrate silent commands with your hound, flush out a flock of birds as well as catch one land animal. Phillipa will give you her instructions, but before she does, understand that your success now will greatly impact your supper tomorrow.”
Phillipa started speaking before Lucian had long to consider how embarrassing this was going to be. Getting the ground animal shouldn’t be too hard; he had really good aim. Finding a bird would be harder since Rusty was so easily distracted. “Your final,” she said, interrupting his thoughts, “will consist of an obstacle course you’ll have to go through on horseback. First years, we have not yet trained your horses for hunting, so you will need to dismount and then use your signal to call your horse back to you. Second years, I expect you to hunt from the saddle.”
“Your two hours begin now. Good luck,” Diana said.
Lucian pulled Zephyr to a nearby stump, Rusty close at his heels. “Please don’t embarrass me,” he whispered to Rusty before stepping on the stump and mounting his horse. He watched as older boys gave their hounds silent directions and went off into the forest. With a last silent plea for help, Lucian pointed and clicked his tongue. Zephyr took off on a brisk walk and Rusty ambled along beside him instead of going left as directed. This was not going to go well.
An hour into the final, Lucian was one of the few left out in the course. He’d about given up on accomplishing anything for the hunting final. He’d already completed the obstacle course. Zephyr was now waiting by a tree enjoying the last shoots of fall grass. Lucian’s only comfort was that he would at least pass his horsemanship final. Suddenly, Rusty started creeping towards a bush, nose to the ground. He turned and looked at Lucian before beginning to bay. A flock of birds flew into the air and Lucian wasted no time in grabbing his bow and arrows. Soon he had a nice pile set up to take. “Good boy,” he said, patting Rusty’s head. He then scooped up the birds into his hunting bag and followed Rusty through some underbrush leading to a small thicket. Rusty barked and a couple of rabbits leapt from their burrow. It wasn’t long before Lucian had added them to his bag. He tried to call Rusty back by swiping his hand past his leg, but Rusty didn’t come. Lucian sighed and slapped his leg. Rusty immediately came over. He then whistled the three-note sign he’d taught Zephyr. Soon Zephyr was trotting to him. He mounted and was soon back with Phillipa and Diana.
“And you thought you’d fail,” Diana smiled, handing him a slip of paper.
Phillipa took Zephyr’s reins. “Don’t worry about cleanup; I’ll be taking care of that. You did well.”
Lucian simply beamed at them before walking over to Adrian. “Open it and tell me how you did,” Adrian said.
Smiling, Lucian opened the folded paper and read aloud:
Excellent work with Zephyr. You’ve shown great improvement. Continue working on teamwork; at times Zephyr took control. Be firm. Phillipa
Great work with Rusty, continue working silent commands. More practice will help you both. As always, you are an excellent shot. You never missed. I’m very pleased with your progress. Diana
“Well, that’s good; what are your marks?” Adrian asked.
“I don’t know.” He scanned the page and at the bottom found a grading scale and his grades. It read:
Grade Scale
E – exceeds expectations
A – above average
P – proficient
I – improving
F – failing

Grades
Horsemanship
Teamwork with horse I
Riding Ability A
Overall P
Hunting
Silent Commands I
Teamwork with hound A
Ethics E
Bowmanship E
Overall A
“You got an E for bowmanship? That’s better than Kaelen got. Trust me, he’s been bragging about having bested the rest of us by getting an A. But you beat him!”
“That would be called beginner’s luck,” Kaelen sneered. “Or rather, a mistake. Everyone knows Lucian’s dog is worthless. Lucian probably just waited around for someone else’s dog to be successful and shot their catch.”
“Listen you no-good, arrogant jerk,” Lucian snapped. “I’ll have you know that I’ve been hunting since I was five. Just because you can’t accept that I’m better than you at something is no reason for you to attack my honor. Rusty proved himself today to be just as capable as any dog here. Your attitude is going to cause you to fail. You’ll be just like the no-good coward that failed my mother, a failure.” With that, Lucian swiped his hand past his thigh. Instantly, Rusty was at his side and the two walked toward the castle for fencing.
Several boys watched them leave. “Diana, was that Rusty?” a prince asked.
Diana, though angry that Lucian had left without permission, smiled as she replied, “Yes, Elijah, that was Rusty.” She turned her attention to the two classes and after announcing some recognition for the older boys stated, “The final is over. You may now go to your next class. First years to fencing, second years to language arts. Hunting will continue in the tower as an ethics/theory course until March. We will occasionally work with your hounds as well. Now off you go.”
Following the other boys, Adrian walked back into the castle for fencing. As soon as Raphael told them to get to work, Adrian and Lucian began working together at their mat.
Adrian grunted as he tried to block Lucian’s attack. “I’m so bad at this.”
“I keep telling you, you’re not that bad. You just need practice. Besides, you’ve never been able to block that before, now you got in there just in the nick of time.”
Adrian waved off the compliment. “You’re just being nice. Is that why you get so frustrated with Rusty?”
“Is what why I get frustrated?”
“Well, you said your dad started working with you young. You’re practically an expert and yet with Rusty you struggle.”
Lucian nodded. “It’s hard having a lower grade because I’m struggling with my hound. But I have the same frustration with Zephyr. I guess I’ll just keep plodding along until they both catch on.”
Raphael interrupted the boys’ conversation. “Please pack up. We’ll continue this next time.”
Kaelen walked towards Lucian and Adrian, fuming. How dare Lucian call him a failure!
Lucian had his back to Kaelen as he and Adrian packed. “I should probably go apologize to Diana and Phillipa for leaving early. That was wrong of me.”
“I don’t know,” Adrian said with a smile, “you should have seen Diana’s face when Rusty obeyed your silent command. It looked like she didn’t know whether to be angry or proud. It was…Lucian! Look out!” Adrian cried as he turned to see Kaelen behind Lucian sword raised.
His warning was too late. Lucian felt a sharp sting in his left arm as he turned. Kaelen was already moving in for a second attack, but Lucian tossed his sword to his right hand and blocked it. He couldn’t fight back, not right-handed, but he could at least block Kaelen’s fury.
“Enough,” Raphael bellowed for the third time, pushing past boys and reaching the two battling princes. Lucian dropped his sword, while Kaelen slashed again, leaving a second, deep gash across Lucian’s wrist. Raphael grabbed Kaelen’s arm and shook it until the sword clanked to the ground. “What on earth is going on here?”
Lucian tried to focus on Raphael’s face, but it was becoming blurred. He felt himself sway to the side as everything went black.
As soon as Lucian crumpled to the floor, Raphael barked, “Mithulan, run and get Tallia immediately.” He pointed his wand up and two slips of paper, one black and the other yellow, flew out the door. “Adrian, help me control the bleeding. The rest of you will sit down at once.”
The boys sat quickly as Tallia flew into the room, Mithulan panting behind her. “What happened?” she demanded as she began wrapping the wounds.
“Kaelen attacked him without provocation,” Adrian replied. “Is he going to be okay?”
Tallia looked up at him, worry in her turquoise eyes. “He should be.” She motioned for the other fairy, who had come in while Tallia examined Lucian, to come forward. “We need to take him to the infirmary now.” She waved her wand and a stretcher appeared. The two carried Lucian out as Calista and Althea walked in.
“Good heavens!” Calista cried. “What on earth happened?” There was a barrage of boys’ voices until Calista shouted, “Enough!” Even Raphael fell instantly silent, a look of fear on his face; Calista had never shouted at anyone before. She’d never needed to. “Now, Raphael, would you explain to me what has occurred?” she asked, sounding more like herself.
“I’m not entirely sure, Calista. I had just asked the boys to pack up and the next thing I knew Kaelen and Lucian were fighting. Adrian was nearby though not involved.”
“Adrian, what happened?”
He took a deep breath. “Lucian and I were getting ready to pack up and I saw Kaelen coming. He just attacked Lucian with no warning. I suspect it stems from Lucian calling him a failure after our hunting and horsemanship final. But Kaelen started that too by saying that Rusty was worthless.”
“Yes, I’ve already heard about Lucian’s previous behavior. In fact, I was going to send for him to come to my office to speak about that once classes were done for the day.” She was silent for a moment. “Raphael, please dismiss all students except for Kaelen. Ask Tallia to return with Lucian if he can be moved.”
He snapped to attention. “Alright, lads, class is over for the day. Go to your dormitories. I’ll be available this evening for questions.” He ushered the boys to the door. “You too, Adrian.”
 “But…”
“No buts, Adrian.” He continued more gently, “Lucian will be fine. Come along.” Adrian nodded and walked with Raphael out of the room.
Calista was silent. She looked down at Kaelen, a look of withering disappointment on her face.
“Calista,” Althea said, placing a hand on her arm, “might I call one of my sisters? I need some counsel.”
“Of course,” she replied, her eyes never leaving Kaelen’s face.
Kaelen just stared back. If she was waiting for an apology, she was wasting her time. He had no intention of apologizing to Lucian now or ever.
 Neither noticed Althea close her eyes. Nor did they notice that the brilliant emerald in her tiara began glowing brightly. The glow diminished as an ancient woman entered the room, leaning on a wooden cane. “You called, Sister?” the witch said. She was a tiny woman and brittle-looking as though the slightest touch might break her. She had flowing white hair and was wearing a green gown with a golden belt. Dangling at the end of the belt was a green stone, swaying like a pendulum with every step.
“Yes, Maeve, I need counsel from you on how I should deal with this young man,” Althea replied.
Maeve turned to look at Kaelen. “He’s a handsome, young thing. We could put him in the garden with the flowers. He’d be lovely next to them.”
“That’s not exactly what I meant, Maeve. He is to be punished for an attack on another student.”
They were interrupted as Raphael came in, followed by Tallia pushing a wheelchair. Lucian was still unconscious, his head lolling to one side. As she stopped, something fell from Lucian’s pocket. No one noticed, except for Maeve who began inching towards it while the others began speaking.
“How is he, Tallia?” Calista asked, still staring at Kaelen.
“He’ll pull through. He’s lost a lot of blood, which is why he’s still out of it. He hasn’t woken since he fell. I’m not entirely sure if he simply passed out from loss of blood or if he may have knocked himself out hitting the ground. He’s got a nasty bruise on his head. However, it’ll be at least a week, likely more, before he can do anything with that arm. The wounds are very deep. He’s got stitches right now and I’ll have to see him regularly to change his wrappings and check on how he’s healing. But, it is his left arm, so it shouldn’t affect his work too badly.”
“He’s left-handed,” Raphael interrupted, “it’s going to affect his work dramatically. He will be unable to participate in most of his classes, including mine. It’s a shame too, because he is by far the best student I’ve ever worked with.”
“Kaelen,” Calista said, “I’m still waiting for an explanation.”
“I don’t need to explain myself,” he replied. “I defended my honor. He got what he deserved.”
“Then Althea will give you what you deserve.”
Althea was silent and turned to Maeve. “If he can’t behave as a gentleman, than make him something else,” Maeve said as though this was the most obvious solution in the world. “Oh and Sister, look what I’ve found.” She held out her hand and beckoned to Althea to look. Resting on her palm was a sunflower seed. “I do believe I’ve found our little gardener.”
A single tear trickled down Althea’s face. “This calls for thanks.”
“Yes, but I believe Calista is waiting,” Maeve reminded her.
“Of course,” Althea replied, turning once more towards Kaelen. Her eyes darkened to black and her hair billowed about her. “Until thy victim is well and whole, a maiden’s part shall be thy role.” The tiara glowed and Kaelen was hit by a flash of white light.
When the light faded, Kaelen wasn’t sure why everyone was staring at him.
Raphael was beside himself. “Now see here! You can’t do that! He’s, well, look at him. He’s a she!”
Althea turned towards Raphael. “According to the agreement made, punishment is to be decided by myself or one of my sisters. No one, not you, nor even Calista can interfere.”
“She’s right,” Calista said when he looked ready to argue. “Althea, please tell me this isn’t a permanent change.”
“Of course not. Didn’t you listen? It’s only until Lucian is well again, meaning that he is fully healed. Luckily for Kaelen, that won’t include scarring. If it did, then I’m afraid the punishment would be quite permanent.”
Kaelen saw himself in one of the room’s large mirrors, only it couldn’t have been him. Where he should have been a skinny little girl was standing in his clothes. “What have you done to the mirrors?”
“Oh, I’ve done nothing to the mirrors,” Althea said, wicked amusement darkening her tone. “What you see is you. You will remain a maid until Lucian has healed from his wounds. Maeve is right; if you cannot follow the gentleman’s code, than you should not be a gentleman. Attacking without warning shows both hatefulness and cowardice. Neither is the trait of a gentleman. So, perhaps spending a few weeks as a girl will teach you to appreciate your place.”
Before Kaelen could say anything, Maeve said, “Sister, you’ve forgotten the attire of a maiden.” She held the green stone of her belt in her hand and mumbled something. The stone glowed and shot out a green light at Kaelen’s uniform which instantly turned into a violently pink dress, complete with petticoats and a corset that cut into his ribs. “Oh, that’s not quite what I wanted. Oh well.”
The two witches were about to leave when Calista said, “Althea, we do have to also deal with Lucian for leaving class early.”
“Shall we dismiss Kaelen?” she asked. “I don’t believe he needs to be a part of this any longer.”
“Of course. Kaelen, please go wait in my office. I shall be there momentarily to discuss your new schedule.”
Kaelen, humiliated and seething, left the room, slamming the door behind him. There had to be a way to change this. Maybe it was an illusion. He reached up to his hair. No, this wasn’t an illusion. His normally short hair had been replaced by long, curly tresses. The pink monstrosity swished about dainty ankles that certainly didn’t belong to him. He sat down in Calista’s office feeling mutinous and unfairly judged.
As he left, Althea turned her attention once more to Lucian. She remembered the little seed Maeve had shown her. Her tiara glowed as she chanted, “No thorn nor bramble shall bar his way and beauty shall be wherever he stays.” The glow streamed from the crown’s white jewel and around Lucian like a white ribbon.
“An excellent gift, Sister,” Maeve said as Lucian began stirring.
 He woke up in his wheelchair and looked about the room blearily. Where was he? A stinging pain went through his arm as he tried to get out of the chair. Slowly, his memory came back. Kaelen. That stupid, no-good, evil…
“Welcome back, Lucian,” Calista’s voice interrupted his thoughts. “How are you feeling?”
“I’m okay,” Lucian replied, trying again to get out of the chair.
A pair of hands pushed him back. “Oh no you don’t,” Tallia said.
“Lucian, we need to discuss your behavior,” Calista began.
“I know, and I was going to go apologize to Diana and Phillipa once class got out but Kaelen attacked me. I tried not to fight back, I was just trying to defend myself.”
“We know, Lucian,” she said. “Kaelen has been dealt with. However, your behavior was still inappropriate. Althea will set your punishment. But you’ll have to excuse me. I have an important meeting to attend.”
When they were alone, Althea said, “It is a small crime and so a small punishment will be sufficient. Bound by time for a week you’ll be, never early nor late will you be.” The tiara glowed and a white light bound his ankles then faded.
“What does that mean?” he asked.
“It means, Lucian, that you cannot go anywhere any earlier or later than you should. Your feet are bound by time. On the bright side, you won’t be late to class. Come, Maeve, our work is done.”
“Very well. He’s very handsome too, our little gardener,” she said as the pair left the room.
“Gardener?” Lucian wondered aloud.
“Come on, it’s back to the infirmary with you,” Tallia said, turning his chair.
“Can’t I walk? I haven’t lost my legs.”
“No. You are my patient and will follow my instructions.”
Lucian sighed, but did not argue as Tallia pushed him down the hallway.

Year 1 Chapter 4
Back to Table of Contents

In Calista’s office, there was mass chaos as all the fairies stood about Kaelen. “Please settle down,” Calista said in that voice that was quiet, yet piercing. When the chatter dissolved, she continued, “Now, obviously he must continue to attend classes, but there will need to be modifications made. Let’s start at the beginning of the schedule and work our way down. On Monday we have language arts followed by mathematics, there’s no reason to modify those classes. History, hunting, botany and foreign language are next. The only class that should need modification is hunting.”
“Actually Calista,” Russett interrupted, “young ladies would not deal with the plants I’ll be working with. I’ll have to modify Kaelen’s assignments. I’m sure I can teach him to dry flowers, pick the perfect bouquet; it will be fine. You’ll see.”
“Very well, Russett. That leaves us with hunting. Diana, what can Kaelen do during your class?” Calista asked.
“Nothing. Young ladies don’t hunt.”
“You’re a lady,” Kaelen pointed out.
“I am a fairy and the daughter of a renowned hunter. It is expected that I also have that ability. That is the exception, but for you I will make no exceptions. The most I can offer is working with his hound,” she continued, turning her attention back to Calista. “Other than that, he’s going to have to sit out. There’s no reason for him to be placed elsewhere.”
Kaelen scowled, but Calista ignored him. “Next up are physical education, etiquette, orientation, horsemanship and fencing. Achilles, is there anything Kaelen can participate in?”
Achilles, a fairy with black hair and mothlike black wings, stood and said, “I’ve got nothing for him, her.” He looked confused. “He, she couldn’t be in the gym. She’d be too distracting. You’ll have to find someplace else for her, him.” Thoroughly lost, Achilles resumed his seat and began rubbing his ankle thoughtfully.
“That may prove difficult,” Calista frowned.
“Oh no it won’t,” Gelasia countered. “He can have double etiquette with me. We’ll do some needlepoint and calligraphy. Don’t forget, I taught at Fair Damsel’s for a number of years.” Gelasia was the oldest fairy in the school. In fact, no one remembered her ever looking young, not even her son, Achilles. Her hair was snowy-white and her eyes the palest blue. She was wrinkled everywhere and the pointy tips of her ears were beginning to droop. Yet despite her comic appearance, she still seemed elegantly beautiful.
“Very well,” Calista replied. She waved at the piece of chalk and it sprang into action, writing Kaelen’s schedule where it had left off. “Let’s see, orientation should be fine, horsemanship?”
“I still have a sidesaddle; he can use that in my class,” Phillipa said.
Calista didn’t even have a chance to reply before Raphael interjected, “I will not have a girl in my classroom. Most unnatural and entirely out of the question.”
“I suppose we can find something; perhaps sewing. Gelasia, would you have time?” Calista asked.
“It is during my fourth-year class, but I’ll squeeze him in. He will need more than one dress.”
“I’m not going to wear a dress,” Kaelen interrupted. “And not this hideous pink thing either.”
“Well, you can’t very well go about in your skin alone,” Gelasia countered sweetly.
Kaelen started to argue again, but Calista stopped him saying, “You’ve already caused yourself enough trouble, don’t you think?”
“Just wait until my father hears of this.”
“I’ve already sent word to him. It should arrive early tomorrow morning.”
He gaped at her. He hadn’t actually intended on telling his father anything. He just wanted to scare the fairies into changing him back. He now realized that for the first time in his life, he was not the person in control.
“Shall we continue?” Calista asked. “Friday’s schedule is language arts, art, music, alchemy and astronomy. Concerns anyone?”
“I’m afraid he’ll have to sit out in art. We don’t want to dirty a young lady’s hands with charcoal. However, our class could use a model, so he doesn’t have to leave the room,” said a tall, broad-shouldered fairy with midnight blue hair and wings that were dark blue streaked with white.
“Thank you, Stefanos.”
A fairy with golden hair and eyes said, “Kaelen will be my assistant in alchemy. Generally, young ladies are taught to spin gold, but I haven’t the equipment to do that. I’ll need to contact Alantria at Fair Damsels to see if she has anything spare I could use.”
“Good, are there any other concerns?” When no one answered, Calista continued, “Well then, Kaelen, this is your new schedule. You will be expected to perform at your best. You have quite a bit of humility to gain from this. Don’t waste the lesson. Go ahead to supper now.”
Kaelen knew this wasn’t a request but a command. Head up at a defiant angle, Kaelen stood to leave. Gelasia’s frail hands were suddenly on his back. “Stand up straight, Kaelen. Fold your hands like this. There, now float as a lady should.” As he walked to the door, teeth grit, he heard Gelasia sigh, “I suppose we’ll work on that.”
As soon as Kaelen was sure none of the fairies could see him, he began sprinting down the hall. It was awkward in a dress, but he kept running. If he went fast enough, he could get to his dormitory before the boys arrived from supper. He would just stay in his room and not come out until he was a boy again. No one would ever know.
“Hey, you!” a voice called. “What are you doing here? Aren’t you in the wrong school?”
Kaelen turned to see an older boy peering down at him. “No, I belong here,” he snapped, noticing his girlish voice.
 “You don’t look much like a prince, little girl. Maybe a damsel in distress.”
“I’m not a damsel.”
“A wench then.”
“If you don’t shut that big mouth of yours, I’ll shut it for you,” Kaelen warned, holding up dainty fists which didn’t belong to him and ignoring the fingernails poking his palms.
“Oh, I’m terrified, Thumbelina.”
Kaelen was spared further banter by Calista’s arrival. “Xavier, that is no way to treat a lady and certainly no way to treat a classmate. Prince Kaelen is where he ought to be.”
A wicked grin spread over Xavier’s face. “Prince Kaelen?”
“Yes, Prince Kaelen. Now go to your dormitory.” She turned to Kaelen. “You should be at supper.”
“I’m not hungry,” he lied, although his growling stomach told a different story.
“I thought you might say that.” With a flick of her wand, a tray of food appeared in mid-air. “You may eat in your room, but only tonight.” She walked away, leaving Kaelen scowling.

By the next morning, there wasn’t a single person in the school who didn’t know about Kaelen’s fate. Catcalls and jeers followed him as he went, in the hideous pink dress, to find a table at breakfast. He tried to ignore the comments around him, but it was hard. An unfamiliar stinging sensation pricked his eyes, but he blinked it away.
The day continued from bad to worse. Gelasia ensured that Kaelen went to all of his Wednesday classes. Other than whispers and snorts, language arts didn’t go too badly. Then he went to mathematics where he listened to more whispers and laughter; especially when a confused Marius asked, “Are you lost?”
“No,” Kaelen replied through grit teeth, “I’m supposed to be here.”
Marius looked at him for a moment. “Oh, yes,” he said. “I forgot, Kaelen, your punishment. Yes, of course, well, take your seat then. Now, long division is a source of trouble for many of you so please take out yesterday’s assignment.”
Lunchtime came and he spent it sitting by himself and biting the perfect, long fingernails. Gelasia caught him and slapped his hand away from his mouth. “A young lady never bites her fingernails.” When other boys began snickering, she continued loudly, “And gentlemen don’t bite their nails either.” Several boys stopped laughing and hid their hands from her as she tsked her way to the staff table.
After lunch, Kaelen spent a dull hour in history before going to the tower for hunting. He sat down as Diana brought the class to attention. “Today we’ll be going down to the grounds to work with your hounds. There’s not much wind today which will make being outside nice. Be sure to grab your jackets, because it’s not very warm. Kaelen, you may participate in today’s activities.”
The class headed down the stairs and out into the field where their dogs were waiting. He watched Diana stroke Rusty’s ears while other dogs ran to their owners. His dog remained near Diana, confusion in his big, brown eyes. “Rex, come here,” he called.
The dog turned and loped over to Kaelen. He barked and wagged his bushy tail.
“Will you cut that out?”
Rex whimpered and cocked his head to the side. Thinking that perhaps the little girl in front of him needed cheering up, Rex ran to find a stick. He brought it back and dropped it at Kaelen’s feet, tail wagging. When he made no effort to pick up the stick, Rex nudged it closer with his nose. He tossed the stick over his shoulder and watched in disbelief as Rex bounded away after it.
“Rex, come back here now,” he shouted.
Poor Rex was terribly confused. This girl looked like Kaelen’s sister, but she didn’t want to play. Anna always wanted to play. What was wrong? He tugged playfully at Kaelen’s skirt.
“Bad dog, stop,” Kaelen scolded.
Rex whined and lay down at Kaelen’s feet, looking up at him mournfully.
“Diana, what’s wrong with him?”
“You’re a girl, Kaelen. Girls play with dogs, they don’t work with them. Good boy, Rusty,” she interrupted herself as Rusty brought back the ball she’d been tossing him. She scratched behind his ears and tossed the ball again. Unlike a normal ball, this one zigzagged through the air before landing. “Even playing can help hone in a dog’s skills. Rex will respond better if you play the part you look.”
Kaelen was furious. He needed the dog to work. He glared at Rex who was now watching Diana and Rusty with a wistful expression. “It’s not my fault, you know,” he spat.
Rex sighed and lay down with his head on his paws. As another dog approached, he picked his head up and watched intently.
“Good girl, Queenie,” a dark-haired boy said, patting the dog’s head as he took the stick from her. “Hey, I know you probably don’t want any advice from me, but if you teach the dog to protect you as a, um, in your current state he’ll protect you when you’re yourself again.”
“Yeah and how would you know, George?”
“Look, Kaelen, I’ve got nine older sisters and each of them has a dog. Dad insisted on their having one to protect them since we live so close to the mountains. My sisters will tell you that there is no fiercer dog than one protecting the person it loves. The stick teaches them to be alert and to attack on sight. Love teaches them loyalty and devotion better than shouting.” George threw the stick and Queenie sped away. “Think about it,” he called over his shoulder.
Kaelen sat sullenly for a moment before contemplating the stick lying next to Rex’s paws. He picked up the stick. Rex looked up at him. “You want the stick?” he asked, holding the stick higher. Rex jumped to his feet and watched the stick. “You really want it?” He tossed the stick to his other hand. Rex barked happily and hopped to the other side of Kaelen. “Go fetch!” He threw the stick as hard as he could. Rex bounded after the stick before bringing it back to Kaelen. When Rex returned, Kaelen tried to take the stick away. Rex shook his head and growled playfully. “Come on, boy, give me back the stick,” he grunted as he pulled on the stick. Rex let go and Kaelen once again threw the stick.
As they left hunting, George gave him a look that said, “I told you so.” The boys walked inside the greenhouse for botany. Russett was standing at the doorway holding a vase in one hand and pruning shears in the other. “Boys, you’ll have to excuse me momentarily so I can give Prince Kaelen his assignment. The rest of you will kindly sit at the benches and wait for instruction.” Some boys started snickering as Kaelen followed Russett. Russett turned suddenly, hitting Kaelen in the face with his dark red ponytail and causing Kaelen to run into him. “I’ll not have anyone making fun of Kaelen in my class or I’ll see to it that all of you spend a day in his shoes.” The laughter died instantly and Russett turned again, leading Kaelen into the back of the greenhouse as he muttered, “Laughing at classmates just because they’re being punished. Not in my class. Boys will be gentlemen in my class. I’m sorry Kaelen,” he continued. “I realize this must be hard for you. But think of it this way, girls like gentlemen who appreciate the finer things. Trust me; my wife loves it when I do the flower arrangements.”
Kaelen was hardly comforted by this thought, but continued to the table Russett motioned towards. On the table was an assortment of vases. “What am I doing?”
“Basic flower arranging. Every young lady needs to know how to arrange flowers by color, scent, and size of bloom. It’s easiest to start with color. Warm colors like reds, oranges and yellows work well as do cool colors like violets, blues and greens. Pink and white can be either dependent on the shade.” Kaelen looked at him blankly, and he laughed, “Now that you’re thoroughly confused, I’ll leave you to it. You’re not colorblind, are you?” he asked as he walked towards the door.
“No.”
“Good. Please feel free to use any flowers you want. Just make sure your colors work well together. I’ll be back in a half-hour to check on you.”
Russett walked away, leaving Kaelen behind. Bushes of flowers of all colors surrounded Kaelen. He walked around them for a while. The varying scents assaulted his nose and he had absolutely no idea where to begin. How could pink be both warm and cool? And how was white either of them? White wasn’t even a color, Stefanos had told them so in art class. A group of brilliant red poinsettias caught his eye. He took the pruning shears and clumsily lopped off a couple blooms. “Okay,” he said aloud, “I have red. Now I need orange or yellow.” Kaelen searched for something equally vibrant. Spotting some boxes of daffodils, he chose a few bright yellow blooms. Then he saw a group of marigold plants and decided to throw some of those in for good measure. He saw a pale pink rose bush and chose one to complete his ensemble. Laying the freshly cut flowers in front of the vase, he tried to decide how to arrange them. “I’ll just wing it.” He began putting the flowers haphazardly into the vase. He plucked some of the poinsettias’ petals to make room for the taller flowers. He stood back from it and looked at it. “That is the ugliest thing I’ve ever seen in my life.”
“I’m afraid I have to agree,” Russett said from behind him. “You really can’t arrange poinsettias and you didn’t do yourself any favors by decimating the blooms. And that pink is a cool shade; it really doesn’t fit with the others at all.” When Kaelen looked more miserable than ever he smiled, “I’ve got ten minutes before I have to check on the others. Let’s see if we can salvage this, eh?”
 “Where should we start?”
“Well, these daffodils are lovely, let’s start there. The poinsettias can’t be saved, I’m afraid, but I believe I have some tiger lilies in here that would work nicely. Go fetch three lilies and one more daffodil. It’s one of the cardinal rules in arranging. Do things in threes. I don’t know why it works, but it does. Anyway, off you go.”
Kaelen went through the aisles until he found the box labeled tiger lilies. Then he got one more daffodil. Next to them he noticed some white daisies. He held the daffodil up to them. Carefully selecting three, he returned to where Russett was standing and held out his find.
“Oh, I wouldn’t have thought of daisies,” he said as he took the flowers from Kaelen. “That’s a clever idea. I need to check on the others now. Get these arranged and then I’ll make some notes for you and send them to your room,” Russett said.
“Okay,” Kaelen said and continued working for the rest of class.
Once at foreign language, it didn’t take long for Kaelen’s bright spot to be completely shut out. Lorelei was perched on a rock within the lake dipping her tail into the water. As Kaelen entered the gazebo she asked, “Who are you?”
“It’s Prince Kaelen,” one of the boys said. “The witches turned him into a girl.”
The rest of the boys laughed until Lorelei held up a hand. “Well, no one told me about the change. You will not have any excuses for not working. I expect the same work as before.”
“Yes, Lorelei,” Kaelen replied, grinding his teeth. The mermaid started their lesson and Kaelen sat taking notes while she wrote things on the floating chalkboard. Something poked Kaelen’s back and he turned to see one of the other boys holding a stick. “Quit it,” Kaelen hissed and then turned back to face the front. It wasn’t long before something was poking him again. “Stop!”
“Is there a problem, gentlemen?” Lorelei asked, her green eyes flashing.
“No, Lorelei,” the boys said.
For a while, things were quiet until something sharp poked Kaelen’s back. “Ouch! Would you cut it out?” he shouted, rounding on the boys behind him.
“Kaelen, I will not have you disturbing my class any longer,” Lorelei snapped.
Outraged, he argued, “But they…”
“No buts, Kaelen,” she interrupted. “You will leave at once. I want you to return tonight at five thirty sharp. If you are late or don’t show, I will speak to Calista about punishment. Now you will leave.”
Furious, Kaelen rose from his seat. “Fine,” he shouted, gathering his things before stomping away. One of the boys stuck his foot out to trip him. He fell to his knees, dropping his notebook and supplies. He jumped to his feet and rounded on his assailant. “Just you wait till I’m back to normal.”
“Oh, I’m really scared,” the boy sneered, “Kaelinda.”
“Out!” Lorelei shrieked as Kaelen lifted an arm to punch him.
“I’m going.”He lifted the edge of his skirt and continued out. Humiliated, hurt and angry, Kaelen headed towards his room. He desperately wanted to be alone.
But that was not to be the case as Calista walked out of her office just as Kaelen pounded up the last two steps. “Kaelen, why aren’t you in class? You should be in foreign language right now.”
“Lorelei kicked me out.”
“Why?”
“Because I’m a distraction,” he spat.
“What were you doing?” Then distracted by Kaelen’s disheveled appearance, she continued, “What on earth did you do to your gown?”
“I tripped.”
“Over what?”
“Nathan’s big foot,” Kaelen muttered.
“Nathan?” Calista looked thoughtful. Then she looked back to Kaelen and said, “Well, we can’t have you going to supper looking like that. Come into my office for a moment and then I’ll send you to Gelasia.”
Feeling as though he lived in the office, Kaelen followed Calista. He looked about glumly as Calista penned a note on a piece of lavender paper. She folded it before grabbing a piece of black paper. “What’s that for?” Kaelen asked.
“I expect my students to behave as gentlemen. Now take this note to Gelasia. I will speak to Lorelei about a time for you to make up your lesson.”
“She said for me to be there at five thirty.”
“I’m afraid that will be impossible,” she explained. “For now you have a reprieve. Now, off you go.”
Knowing better than to argue, Kaelen took the folded note and watched the black paper fly out the window. He secretly hoped as he walked down the hallway that Nathan would be turned into something slimy.
As Kaelen walked into the etiquette classroom, Gelasia looked up. “Hello dear, I thought…Good heavens! What on earth did you do to yourself?”
Kaelen blushed as the older boys turned to look at him and his shabby, pink dress. “I didn’t do it on purpose.” He handed Gelasia the note.
“Might have known, boys never can keep themselves out of trouble. Including older ones,” she added loudly as several boys started snickering. She skimmed the note before waving it in her hand causing it to disappear. “Very well, Kaelen, have a seat. Once I finish this lecture, I’ll be right with you. And as for you,” she continued turning to her class, “a gentleman never laughs at a lady. Ever.” She glared at the boys until it was quiet enough to hear a pin drop.
Kaelen sat in the back of the room, playing absentmindedly with the tear in his dress. The hole was jagged from landing on the sharp stones littering the floor of the glass gazebo. Mud and green slime was smeared across the skirt and on his hands. Spying a basin of water in a corner of the classroom, he got up and walked to it. As he scrubbed, he noticed several small scratches on his palms. They hadn’t bled much, but they stung horribly and he again felt an unfamiliar pricking behind his eyes.
“Let’s get some bandages on those to take away the sting,” Gelasia said from behind him.
“Okay.” He followed her to her desk and sat patiently as she put some kind of ointment on his hands and then wrapped them with thin strips of white cloth.
“Better?” When Kaelen nodded, she continued, “Now, let’s see what we can do about that gown. First, take this robe and go behind the screen and change out of that mess.”
“Can’t you just wave your wand at it?” he asked as he pulled the gown over his head.
“Dear, you know I can’t change the Sisters’ magic. I cannot alter anything they’ve done. Not even to fix it.”
He sighed, “So can you fix it?”
“Of course I can, and you’ll help me. It can be our first sewing lesson.” She took the ruined dress from Kaelen and continued, “Now, the first rule in sewing is to always work with clean hands and materials. Your hands are already clean, but this fabric needs washed. So we’ll fill that basin with hot water and soap and start scrubbing.” She helped Kaelen fill the basin and handed him a washboard. “You’re going to have to scrub very hard to get those stains out. I have to work with my students so I’ll leave you to it and check on you in a bit.”
Kaelen started scrubbing the stained dress. “Maybe if I scrub hard enough, the color will change,” he muttered. He kept scrubbing until the water was muddy. As Gelasia walked up to him, Kaelen pulled the skirt out of the water.
“That’s probably as good as it’s going to get, dear,” she said, looking at the skirt. There was still a brownish stain around the tear, but most of the mud had come out. “Now, let’s get that dried. Since you can’t very well go around in a night robe, we’ll need something quicker than wind.” She pulled out her wand and pointed it at the dress. A stream of hot air blew over the skirt, drying it instantly.
“How come you could dry it with magic?” Kaelen asked.
“I didn’t use a spell to dry it; I used a spell to create hot air. Between the two of us,” she said, dropping her voice conspiratorially, “some of these boys could have done a better job.”
 “Really?”
“Oh yes, and we won’t go into fairies I know. Sometimes I can be funny,” Gelasia continued as Kaelen stared at her in disbelief. “Besides, you’ve been so sullen lately; it’s good to hear you laugh. A lady should always be cheerful, as should a gentleman.”
He frowned. “It’s hard to be cheerful when everyone’s out to get you.”
“Nonsense,” she retorted. “I’m not out to get you. Neither are the other staff members. I’ll just bet there’s someone who wants to be your friend. You just need to drop the tough-guy act.”

In the infirmary, Adrian was catching Lucian up on what he had missed that day. They were laughing as Tallia walked up to Lucian’s bed with a tray in hand. “Well, what are you two up to?” she asked.
“Nothing,” the boys replied.
“Surely I don’t look that gullible. Alright, Lucian, let me see that arm.” Lucian held it up and Tallia gently unwrapped the bandage to look at the two rows of stitches. “Well, you’re looking alright. No infection or additional damage. We’ll wrap that back up to keep it clean and keep it in a sling so you don’t toss it about. No writing, fencing, hunting, tossing, throwing or any other activity I may have missed for at least one week.”
“Is there anything I can do?”
“You can sit still and listen to instructions,” she replied, pinching his uninjured arm gently. “Come back tomorrow and we’ll see how you’re doing.”
“You mean I can go?” he asked.
“Of course, silly. You didn’t think I was going to keep you here forever did you?” After finishing the bandage she patted Lucian’s shoulder. “You’re cute, but not that cute. Go on, if you’re fast enough you’ll get to supper on time.”
“Okay, bye Tallia.” Lucian and Adrian left the room and headed down the hall. They arrived just as the first years were lining up to serve themselves up for supper. The noise prevented them from talking much as did interruptions from other boys welcoming Lucian back. “You’d think I’d been gone a month instead of a day,” he said in disbelief as Adrian helped him carry his tray to their table.
“A lot of people were worried about you,” Adrian explained. “Besides, everyone likes you. You’re nice to everybody.”
“So are you.”
“Yeah, but I didn’t get my arm slashed up.”
Lucian shrugged as he and Adrian sat down. They were about to start eating as Calista’s voice rang out, “Gentlemen, please rise; we have a lady in our midst.
Adrian and Lucian stood up. Lucian looked around to see a blushing girl in a stained, pink dress practically run to a table. “Who’s that?”
“Oh, I forgot to tell you. That’s Kaelen,” Adrian whispered. “His punishment is to be a girl as long as your arm is out of commission. At least, I think that’s what it was.”
Lucian’s response was interrupted by Gelasia’s sweet voice, “Dear, they can’t sit down until you say they can.”
“Let them stand,” Kaelen muttered.
“A lady never does that. You must tell them to have a seat. One punishment is rather enough, wouldn’t you say?”
“Fine. You may have a seat.”
Everyone sat and there was some snickering as a small boy carried a covered tray to Kaelen and then bowed before scampering away.
“Why can’t I get my own food?” he whined.
“A lady does not serve herself but is waited upon. Surely your mother does not serve herself,” Gelasia said.
Kaelen scowled but did not reply.
“He’s a girl?” Lucian asked Adrian.
“Yeah. A lot of the fairies are mad because he’s going to miss out on instruction,” Adrian explained.
“I can understand that, but he deserves it. What he did was cowardly.”
“No arguments here, but still, being a girl would be awful. I suppose he’ll have a greater understanding of his princess than the rest of us will.”
“Probably not. Somehow I don’t think that Kaelen thinks like a girl, no matter what he looks like,” Lucian replied.
As it happened, Lucian was right. The thoughts going through Kaelen’s head were certainly not the ones that a lady would have. Upon sitting down, he heard the whispered jeers of his peers. More than once, Nathan’s loud voice had interrupted his thoughts, “Poor, clumsy Kaelinda.” Of course, Kaelen felt that Nathan had nothing to say on the matter. The witches had bound his feet together with an enchantment. Watching Nathan bunny hop through the line for seconds had been very gratifying; especially when he tripped over his feet landing face-first into his mashed potatoes.
However, now Kaelen sat alone listening to the teasing through grit teeth. His eyes were stinging horribly and despite his best efforts, he couldn’t blink it away.
“Are you going to cry, Kaelinda?” Nathan sneered.
“Don’t call me that,” Kaelen retorted, his voice breaking.
“Oh, poor Kaelinda. All alone with no friends. That’s because you’re ugly, Kaelinda. Even the servants don’t want to be around you,” Nathan continued as the serving boy cleared Kaelen’s place and scurried away. “Poor, ugly Kaelinda. Go back home where you belong.”
Hot tears spilled down Kaelen’s face as he jumped to his feet. “Shut your face!”
Everyone turned and stared as Gelasia scolded, “Kaelen, we do not speak that way. A lady is always soft-spoken.”
“Tell him that.” He ran out the open door and down the hallway to the stairs where he stopped out of breath. The heavy skirts weighed him down and the corset was cutting off his air. He felt completely helpless and alone. Angry and hurt, Kaelen started tearing at his skirt, starting with the row of unsteady stitches he’d patched the skirt with.
“Ruining your only outfit won’t make you feel better,” he heard Adrian say behind him.
“Shut up or I’ll knock you out,” Kaelen retorted.
“Oh please,” Adrian scoffed. “You probably couldn’t even do that as a guy. I’m twice your size. The only reason I wouldn’t flatten you before you tried is because right now you’re a girl. I don’t hit girls ever, even when they deserve it.” When Kaelen made no response Adrian continued, “Besides, I didn’t come out here to make fun of you. I came to offer my friendship.”
“Why?” Kaelen asked suspiciously.
“Because I’m nice. Everyone needs friends; even tough guys who think they’re better than the rest of us.”
“So why would you want to be friends with me?”
Adrian sighed. “Look, I have a twin sister. She’s annoying as all get out, but I protect her because she’s my sister. People are taking advantage of your predicament to get some cheap revenge. So, I’m offering to be your friend to give you some protection because that’s not right.”
“You can’t protect me.”
“Oh yeah? Name one person in this school who messes with me. If you can name one, I’ll take back my offer and you can deal with Nathan and everyone else on your own.”
Kaelen couldn’t think of a single person who picked on Adrian. Even he generally left Adrian alone. In spite of his good-natured personality, Adrian looked intimidating. “What would I have to do?” he asked, wiping the final tears from his face.
Adrian smiled. “Quit picking on Lucian and sit with us at meals and classes. That’s all to start off with.”
Sniffing, Kaelen looked down the hall towards the dining hall. He could hear laughter and cheerful chatting floating towards him. Though he wouldn’t admit it aloud, he wanted to be a part of the fun he was always on the outside of. He turned back to Adrian. “Okay.”

The next morning, Kaelen went to breakfast and hesitated only a moment before sitting down at an empty spot with Adrian and Lucian. He saw a slight look of surprise on Lucian’s face. After he told everyone to sit down, Adrian smiled. “Welcome to our table.”
“Thanks for inviting me,” he replied. He purposely avoided looking at Lucian as the serving boy came with his breakfast.
Lucian wasn’t any happier with the arrangement than Kaelen. In fact, he’d seriously contemplated sitting with Jacobi and George. But the forgiving side of him had made him sit with Adrian. “I still can’t believe you did that,” he whispered as he and Adrian headed toward physical education.
“Come on, he wasn’t that bad,” Adrian said.
“No, but he wasn’t exactly talkative either. I realize it’s probably because he feels some kind of remorse, but it would’ve been nice to have some conversation.”
“Give him some time.”
Their conversation ended as they went into the gymnasium. Achilles was standing at one end, holding a large red ball in his hand. As the last straggler came in, Achilles said in his booming voice, “Alright all, I want four laps around the gym. First stretches.” He blew a whistle that was hanging around his neck.
Adrian and Lucian quickly found their spots. It was awkward for Lucian to stretch with only one arm. So far, Achilles hadn’t said anything to him about stopping and he wasn’t about to give him the idea.
Achilles started instruction. “Alright, boys, today we’ll be playing Poison Ivy.” There were several groans. “Hey, I could make you run laps all hour,” he threatened. When silence took over the gym, he continued, “As always you are avoiding the balls. If you are touched, you have to sit out until you are able to catch a ball and hit someone else with it. Remember we aim for legs not heads. Go!” He threw the red ball in the air as the boys scattered. Halfway down, the red ball turned dark green and split into several dozen smaller balls which zoomed to the ground before zipping towards the boys’ feet.
“This would be a lot easier if the balls weren’t magical,” Adrian puffed as he jumped over a ball heading for his ankles.
“Yeah, well, you make it look easy,” Lucian said as he sat down. He hated Poison Ivy because it never took long for the enchanted balls to take him out. Harder than dodging the balls was catching one. Even if he was able to catch one, there was no guarantee that the ball would hit the right target instead of a wall or the floor or the balls’ favorite trick of pulling a uturn in midair and hitting the thrower again just because it could. Now it was twice as hard to catch one because he couldn’t move his left arm at all.
“Whatever,” Adrian panted. “I’ve just got quick reflexes.”
“You’ve got something.” Lucian lunged sideways at a ball zooming past his right side and caught it between his arm and his chest. As he tried to aim at one of the few survivors, the ball writhed and wriggled in an attempt to be free. Even though Adrian would have been an easy target, Lucian aimed for Nathan, hoping the ball would hit him smack dab in the chest. “Bulls eye!” Free to jump up, Lucian said, as much to his surprise as anyone else’s, “That’s for Kaelen.”
“What on earth are you doing?” Achilles bellowed, shocking everyone. The balls which had been zooming around, suddenly stopped dead in their tracks and quivered in what seemed to be fear. Everyone stared as Achilles walked quickly to where Lucian was standing. “You are not supposed to do any physical activity. I can’t believe you did… and I let you! Tallia’s going to kill me. Tallia. Well, we are just going to march you up to the infirmary right now.”
“But Achilles, I didn’t use my bad arm.”
“I’m not interested in what you didn’t do,” he said, taking his good arm and steering him towards the gym door. “It’s what you did do. The rest of you keep playing.” The balls zipped back to life as Lucian was towed away by Achilles. When they got outside the infirmary door, Achilles stopped and smoothed down his ponytail. He then knocked on the door.
 “Achilles, this is an interesting surprise. Lucian, what are you doing back here?” Suddenly Tallia whirled on Achilles, “What did you do?”
“I…I, um, I didn’t do anything,” Achilles stammered. “He, he…”
“It was my fault, Tallia. I was playing Poison Ivy with the other boys. But I promise I didn’t use my left arm at all.”
“And you just let him do that I suppose,” she directed at Achilles as she ushered both of them into the room. She started taking the sling off Lucian’s arm.
“Now see here, I’ve got a whole room full of boys. I didn’t see him until I caught him jumping up after throwing a ball,” Achilles argued, sounding much like a teenager caught out after hours.
“You were letting him throw? Oh you can be so, so, argh!” She looked over Lucian’s arm. “And you, young man, you know better. I told you absolutely none of that. You may have torn your stitches out or caused bruising around them.”
“I’m sorry, Tallia. I just couldn’t sit there while everyone else was playing.”
“Oh yes you could have. You,” she continued, turning to Achilles, “you better start watching him and making sure he’s not doing anything he’s not supposed to or so help me, I’ll, I’ll, well, I’ll think of something horrible to do to you.”
“I’m sorry, Tallia,” Achilles said gently.
Lucian stared at Achilles in disbelief. He’d never heard Achilles apologize for anything.
Tallia looked up at him from Lucian’s arm. Achilles was smiling at her and she couldn’t help but smile back. “I might forgive you this time. There was no harm done. Both of you, back to class now.” She pushed them out of the room.

Kaelen was not there to see Lucian defend him or the trouble that Lucian had gotten himself into for it. He was now battling another row of blue stitches in the dress Gelasia was helping him make. It was the fourth time he’d had to do that row. The satin slid in his hands and despite the valiant efforts of his thimble, he’d pricked his fingers more times than he could count. When he finally finished the row, he looked at his work. “I hope I never have to make a living as a tailor; I’d starve,” he said glumly.
“It’s not so bad,” Gelasia countered. “Satin is terribly difficult to work with. Perhaps I should have given you something easier to start with.”
“I chose this fabric, remember?” he said through a mouthful of pins.
She chuckled, “I suppose then I should have warned you. Well, don’t worry Kaelen, we’ll get you through these and when you’re done the gown will be lovely. In fact, I don’t think anyone will ever notice them. They’re all on the inside. As you keep at it, you’ll get better. Oh, look at the time! It’s time for your next class. Let’s see, next you have oh, silly me; next you have etiquette. Well, if it’s alright with you, I’ll let you keep working on that until the rest of your class gets here. Then you’ll join them for the lesson.”
“Alright, I’ll get this row right if it kills me.”
“That’s the spirit, dear,” she said as she headed for the door to welcome in the rest of the class.
“Hey, Kaelen,” Adrian said as he and Lucian came in. “What are you working on?”
“Dress,” Kaelen replied through his pins.
“That’s a nice color for you,” Lucian said smiling.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“It’s blue right? That’s almost the same color as our uniforms.”
“You don’t think it’s girly?” Kaelen asked suspiciously.
“No, I’d wear that color,” Lucian said.
“Oh, thanks,” Kaelen said, surprised at the kindness Lucian was showing. A guilty feeling was settling in his stomach.
“You should probably come have a seat now. Gelasia’s coming in,” Adrian said.
Kaelen finished the row carefully and put the pieces down in the basket Gelasia had given him for his sewing projects. Then he walked to his seat just as Gelasia sat down.
“Today we’re going to have a class discussion,” Gelasia said after taking roll. “I’ve been quite disappointed in the behavior of many of my gentlemen in the past couple of days. Tell me, how should a gentleman behave in the presence of a young lady?”
For a while it was quiet, then Kaelen timidly raised his hand.
“Yes, Kaelen?” Gelasia asked.
“Well, a young lady is supposed to always be cheerful, so I suppose a gentleman would do things that would make her feel happy,” Kaelen replied.
“Can you give me a specific example?”
“He would be kind to her, like offering to be her friend.”
“Very good, what else?” She turned to the rest of the class.
Adrian raised his hand and waited until Gelasia called on him before saying, “A gentleman would treat her with respect. He’d offer help rather than ridicule.”
“A very good point, Adrian. What else?”
Lucian raised his hand. “At home, my mother always tells me that a gentleman compliments young ladies. Anytime Allegra, my sister, had a competition, I had to tell her at least one good thing I had seen her do. Like the time she won her first blue ribbon; I got her some roses out of our flower garden.”
“Perfect, Lucian. That is a very gentlemanly thing to do. Although, I do hope you asked your mother first,” she continued with a smile. “I want this to be a full class discussion. What else should you do? Or perhaps I should ask what should you not do?”
More of the boys started participating and Kaelen noticed that some were turning a bit red in the face. Gelasia allowed the discussion to continue until people were running out of ideas. “You have all given excellent examples. Now, since I can tell you all know how to behave like gentlemen, who would like to explain why so many of you have treated Kaelen with such animosity?”
The room was quiet enough to hear the snow falling outside. Many of the boys were staring at their hands or at the floor, trying to hide their shame from Gelasia.
“No one? Perhaps I can explain it to you,” she offered. Kaelen felt himself go red in the face. “Many of you have allowed yourselves to forget the gentleman’s code. Granted, it can be easy to forget, as it is not written down anywhere. You are just expected to know and follow it. That code applies to how you behave around everyone. Even young ladies have a set of rules that are to be followed. Kaelen must still keep himself to the gentleman’s code while at the same time learning and following the rules a young lady is expected to obey. How difficult that must be for him! Imagine trying to learn two sets of rules, which can, at times, be contradictory. He must be the perfect gentleman and the perfect lady at once.
“Your attitude and the way you treat him will either strengthen his ability to do this or be horribly detrimental to it. Surely not one of you would purposely make his princess cry and yet, you have done this to your classmate. Not a single one of you would dare to treat any of Melantha’s ladies in the appalling manner you have treated Kaelen. I should not have to have this conversation with you. I’ve taught you better and I am sure that your parents have taught you better. Instead of making this experience as hard as you possibly can for Kaelen, you should be looking for ways to ease his burden. Yes, he is being punished for his behavior, but none of you has the authority to punish him further. You are classmates, here for six years. By the time you leave, many of you will be very close friends, closer than brothers. Let’s not spoil the opportunity by behaving as miscreants.”
Silence fell over the room. Kaelen wished desperately he had somewhere to hide. He’d never needed anyone to protect him before. Having Adrian offer to be his friend was one thing. Adrian was at least a tough-looking guy. Gelasia was an ancient fairy. Not only was she a fairy, she was a girl. It was embarrassing.
“Now,” she said, interrupting Kaelen’s thoughts, “it’s time for you to go to lunch. I expect better behavior from all of you. Class is dismissed.”
“Wow, she was serious,” Adrian said as he walked down the hallway with Lucian and Kaelen.
“Let’s just not talk about it, okay?” Kaelen interrupted. “That was really embarrassing.”
“Don’t worry about it, Kaelen,” Lucian said. “I don’t think that was her intention. She just wants to make sure we’re all behaving like gentlemen. Besides, I think some of the guys were just as embarrassed as you were.”
“Whatever,” he sighed as they walked into the dining hall. “Where should I sit?” he asked Adrian.
“Pick a spot, we’ll find you.”
Kaelen found a table, sat down and then invited everyone else to sit down as a serving boy came over with his tray. “Can’t I get my own?”
“I’m sorry, mi…sir, I have to bring it to you. That’s m’job,” the boy replied before scurrying off again.
Kaelen sighed. Soon Adrian and Lucian arrived at the table. As they were sitting down, Nathan walked by. “Kaelinda, you’re at the wrong table.”
“Actually, Kaelen is right where he belongs, Nathan.” Adrian countered.
He scowled and walked away. “See you around, Kaelinda.”
“Someone didn’t listen in etiquette today, did they?” Lucian asked.
“Obviously not,” Adrian said. “Oh well, let’s eat.”
No one said another word about Nathan as they ate their lunch. It wasn’t long before the serving boy showed up again to take Kaelen’s empty tray. After Adrian and Lucian cleared their places, the three walked out and upstairs to the orientation classroom.
They were almost up the stairs of the tower when they heard George running up behind them. “Hey guys, wait up!”
Adrian turned around. “What’s up, George?”
He stopped when he’d caught up. “Give me a minute…to catch my breath.” After a moment he continued, “You will not believe what happened after you guys left lunch. It’s never happened before; all the older boys were talking about it.”
“Well, what happened?” Lucian asked.
“I’ll tell you as we walk. So, you know how Nathan’s been a bit of a jerk recently?”
“Yeah, so? That’s not any different than any other day,” Kaelen pointed out. “He’s almost meaner than me.”
“I’m not touching that, Kaelen,” George teased. “Gelasia must have heard him teasing you because she got mad.”
“Gelasia? Mad?”
“Yeah, that’s what all the older boys were talking about. The weird thing was half of us didn’t realize that anything had happened until that one really pretty witch, you know the one who hates all of us and thinks we’re stealing her plants?”
“You mean Lucretia?” Lucian asked.
“Yeah, she came in looking really confused and walked up to Calista and asked if there had been a mistake because she’d just been called in by Gelasia. She said there was no mistake and told Lucretia what had happened. Have you guys ever seen her mad?”
“Yeah, not an experience I’d care to repeat,” Adrian said.
“She is so scary when she’s mad, but it’s kind of pretty too. Except for the vermillion eyes, that’s really freaky. But her hair started billowing out everywhere and that necklace she wears started glowing red as she was chanting something at Nathan. And now? Oh, you’ll never believe what he’s doing now,” George said as they walked into the room.
“What happened?” Kaelen asked, hoping that Nathan was now something embarrassing. Maybe not a girl, but something terrible.
“He can’t talk right at all. He keeps garbling his words in sentences and adding funky endings to words where they don’t belong. It’s the weirdest thing. Especially when he started trying to tell her off for the punishment. Then she got really, really mad.”
“What did she do then?” Adrian asked. “She’s pretty hot-tempered.”
“He’s now a really awkward shade of purple,” George replied. “Like an eggplant.”
The other three boys looked at each other for a moment and then started to laugh. “What is so amusing today, gentlemen?” Honoria asked as she walked into the room.
“Nothing.”
“I don’t think I believe that,” she smiled, her silver-grey eyes sparkling, “but I won’t press the matter. Make sure you have spare paper. You have a test today.”
The boys groaned and Lucian looked at his arm. “Um, Honoria, how am I going to take my test? I can’t write anything yet.”
Honoria looked up at him. “Oh that’s right. I’d completely forgotten. I suppose you can take your test orally. I’ll have to see if someone has a break right now to watch the rest of the class.” She flicked her wand and a silvery piece of paper flew out the open door. “There, someone should be up shortly. Calista knows everyone’s schedule.”
The boys quickly found their seats as the rest of the class came in. Everyone was already seated as Nathan, who was trying his best to be invisible and failing miserably, slipped into the room. There were several snorts and even some badly covered laughs. “Is something amusing?” Raphael asked as he walked into the room.
The boys turned in unison. “No, Raphael.” Then a barrage of whispers started as the students tried to figure out why he was in the wrong classroom. “It’s not even like we’re on the same level of the castle,” one boy said as Raphael, undaunted, walked to the front of the room and kissed Honoria’s cheek.
“Calista said you needed an extra pair of eyes,” he said as he took a seat near the chalkboard.
“Yes, Lucian needs to take his test orally today and I can’t very well be in two places at once.” She returned her attention to the class to take roll. “I hope you all remembered to study for your test. Raphael is here to watch you while I take Lucian outside to take his test. I shouldn’t have to remind you that since this is a test there is to be no talking and you will need to put your notes away. We all know what will happen if you should break the rules.” When there were nods of acknowledgement, she continued, “If you need to get extra paper or writing utensils, I will give you three minutes to do so. Once everyone has returned to their seat, we will begin.”
There was a flurry of activity as the boys went through their bags. Kaelen was digging through his bag looking for a pencil. “Shoot, I must have left them in my room.”
“Here,” Lucian said, pulling one out of his own bag. “You can use mine. I won’t need it.”
“Oh, thanks.”
Once everyone had settled down, Honoria passed out the test papers. “Please do not write on the test itself; that’s why you have your own paper. When you have finished, hand your paper to Raphael and set the test on my desk. You will then sit quietly at your desk for the remainder of the period. You may take out your textbook and start reading the next chapter. Good luck!” She walked to Lucian’s seat. “Come with me, Lucian.”
Lucian followed silently. Honoria led him to her office on the second floor. Inside was a plain oak desk with comfortable blue chairs on either side. There was a shelf with several pictures. Some were family pictures and one of her wedding day.
He turned his attention to Honoria as she said, “What we’ll do is I’ll read the question to you and you answer me orally. For the map section, I’ll point to an area and you tell me which province or landmark it is. I’ll write in your answers and then grade it with the rest of the tests later. Make sense?”
“Yeah,” Lucian replied.
“Then let’s begin,” Honoria said as she pulled out a test from one of her desk drawers.
When the hour was finally over, the boys walked downstairs to go to horsemanship. They walked quickly through the snow to the stables. “Maybe we’ll be lucky and Phillipa won’t make us ride,” Adrian said through chattering teeth.
“Yeah right,” Lucian replied. “If the snow isn’t falling she’ll have no problem sending us out in it.”
Kaelen secretly hoped they wouldn’t be riding. He hadn’t gone to see Lightning since the riding final. He knew the spirited horse was easy enough to handle when he was himself, but as a girl?
“Good afternoon, class,” Phillipa said. “Everyone here?”
“Herely be everbodies evenish Kaelen,” Nathan garbled.
“I beg your pardon?” she asked, looking very confused. “All I got out of that was Kaelen and I can see that he is here.”
“We’re all here. Nathan can’t talk properly; he was punished by Lucretia,” Jacobi replied.
“Ah, that explains the purple. That’s been her favorite color recently,” she said. “Well, in that case, Nathan, I’d ask you to refrain from speaking in class. I’m afraid I don’t understand you.” Nathan turned an even brighter shade of purple while everyone else turned to face Phillipa as she started their instruction for the day. “It’s not horribly cold out, so I was thinking a brisk trot through the forest would be nice.”
“Um, Phillipa, have you been outside? It’s freezing.”
Phillipa frowned, but stepped outside. “Freezing? It’s not that cold, Adrian. Just a little nippy. Besides, you all need to learn to care for your horses in all types of weather. Oh, Kaelen, follow me and I’ll get you a sidesaddle you can work with. It should fit Lightning perfectly.”
He sighed, but did as he was told. Everyone else went straight to their horses and started putting their tack on. He could see Lightning looking about for him. At least he wouldn’t start playing like Rex had. Then a worse thought came to him. This was going to be a catastrophe.
“Why so gloomy, Kaelen?” she asked as she handed him an old, but well-polished, sidesaddle. “You love riding.”
 “Lightning doesn’t, um, he doesn’t like girls.”
“What makes you say that?” Kaelen’s reply was so quiet she couldn’t make out anything he’d said. “What was that?”
He sighed. “He charged my sister when I brought him home; and when she tried to pet him a few days later he bit her. Badly.”
“Oh,” Phillipa said, looking surprised. “Well, I’ve never had a problem with him. I’m sure you’ll be just fine. Tell you what,” she continued when he looked doubtful, “we’ll see how today goes and then we’ll decide from there. Lightning has to be worked, even when you’re a girl.”
Nodding, he started walking towards Lightning. Most of the boys were already standing outside with their horses. He could see Lucian and Adrian watching him. Blushing, he walked up to the large horse. Lightning seemed bigger than normal, but then he was sure that his punishment had also cost him at least three inches in height. As he walked into the stall, Lightning snorted and flattened his ears against the back of his head. “Easy boy,” he said, his voice quavering to his annoyance. “It’s me, Kaelen. I just look funny today.”
Lightning snorted again and started stomping his foot.
Kaelen turned to Phillipa. She nodded at him, holding the reins of her palomino mare. He gulped and walked to Lightning’s side with the saddle. Lightning turned and tried to bite, but Phillipa grabbed his bridle. “No,” she commanded. “Hurry and put his saddle on him, Kaelen. I’ll help you lead him out.” She turned her attention to Lightning as Kaelen worked. “Listen to me, Lightning, and don’t pretend you don’t understand me. You will behave as a gentleman today. Understand?”
Lightning snorted again. He pawed at the ground and tried to toss his head.
“I mean it Lightning. You know better.” She turned to Kaelen. “Go ahead and take the bridle. You have to show him that you’re the boss. If you can be just as commanding as you normally are, you shouldn’t have any problems with him.”
Kaelen nodded as they walked outside. He tried to step up into the saddle, but missed. “Um, how am I supposed to get into this thing?”
 “Kaelen horsey getting upto cantaloupe,” Nathan guffawed and then covered his mouth as the other boys started snickering at him.
“I believe I told you to refrain from speaking Nathan,” she chided. “Luckily for you, whatever snide remark you were trying for was so jumbled no one understood it. The more you speak, the more foolish you appear.” After helping Kaelen up, she mounted her horse and said, “Alright class, let’s head out.”
The boys headed into the forest. Kaelen was struggling to control Lightning who did not want a girl riding him. He tossed his head angrily. “Whoa, Lightning, easy.”
Adrian and Lucian followed close behind Kaelen. They rode in silence as they tried to listen to Phillipa instructing them on their course. At one point she had all of them stop. “Everyone gather around me. Who can name one of the dangers of winter riding? Kaelen?”
“Ice patches. The horse can slip on them just as easily as we can.”
“Excellent. What is one way of protecting your horse from that danger?” she asked.
Adrian raised his hand and waited to be called on. “Special shoes with a better grip help the horse maintain balance while walking on ice. An easier way is to watch carefully for ice patches and avoid them.”
“Very good point. The best horsemen are very observant. They know what is ahead of them, what is directly around them, and what is behind them. Other dangers?”
George raised his hand. “This kind of goes along with ice patches, but there are also icy stones or fallen icicles that can get lodged in your horse’s hooves. The best way to prevent that is observation. If your horse does start to limp, you should have a horse pick in your pack at all times so you can dislodge any unwanted objects.”
“Excellent, George. You should always be prepared for anything,” she said. “Having the necessary tools for basic first aid or to prevent injury is essential. Your horse will be far more loyal if you are taking good care of him than if you neglect him. Other ideas?”
“One time I forgot to put a blanket on my horse at home,” a boy in the back said. “He got really sick because I hadn’t taken care of him. When you get back from your ride, you should always rub them down and then give them a warm blanket to keep them from getting sick.”
“That is a wonderful example. Even though horses are blessed with long winter coats, they still need that extra warmth when they’ve been out just like you do,” Phillipa explained. “Let’s continue on our path.”
The boys clicked their tongues and the horses began moving again; except for Lightning who stubbornly stood still by the tree. “Come on, boy,” Kaelen begged. The horse snorted and flattened his ears.
Adrian turned to see Kaelen still sitting there. He rode Stardancer up to Lightning’s side. “Go on, Lightning,” he demanded, hitting Lightning’s flank lightly with his riding crop.
Lightning reached around and bit at the crop, but still refused to move. Frustrated, Kaelen kicked him hard in the side. Lightning half-reared before bolting past Phillipa and everyone else, causing Kaelen to squeal in terror. “Whoa, boy!” he shouted, pulling back on the reins. His skirt was flying up around him and the sidesaddle was hard and unyielding as he bounced around. “Whoa!”
“Lightning, stop,” Phillipa’s commanding voice came over the rush of wind blowing past Kaelen’s ears. Lightning planted all four hooves on the ground and Kaelen, already off balance, fell unceremoniously out of the saddle. “Are you alright, Kaelen?” Phillipa asked as she hopped down and came to his side.
He stood shakily and brushed the snow off his skirt. “I think so, I landed on my ankle, but it doesn’t hurt too badly.”
“Here, you ride Dawn and I’ll ride Lightning back to the stable. It’s hard not being in control, isn’t it?” she asked as Kaelen tried to brush tears away without her noticing.
Kaelen nodded, but didn’t speak as she boosted him up into the sidesaddle. This one wasn’t any more comfortable than the other, but at least Dawn didn’t squirm around or try to bite him. He could hear Phillipa speaking harshly to Lightning. He could only hope that Lucian healed quickly so that he would soon be back to his normal self.
The rest of the class went by quickly and soon the boys were on their way to fencing. “Are you okay, Kaelen? You’re limping a little,” Lucian said as they walked into the castle.
“I’m just sore. I don’t know how girls do it,” Kaelen replied. “I hurt in places that never hurt before when I was riding. My ankle is really sore though. I might go see Tallia after sewing. Anyway, you guys need to get to fencing. I’ll see you later.”
“Bye Kaelen,” Adrian said. Lucian waved as they walked down the hall to the fencing room.
The two boys walked past Raphael who was standing at the door. He frowned as Lucian walked in. “I’m afraid I have nothing for you to do, Lucian. Unless you’d like to try learning right-handed.”
“That’s okay, Raphael. I’m so left-dominant I’d be more of a danger to myself than my opponent. If you need me to get any materials for you, I’d be happy to do so.”
“Well, I hate to see you sit out, but very well,” Raphael sighed. He ushered the last few students in before closing the door and beginning their instruction for the day.
Lucian had never experienced a more boring day in fencing. He normally loved fencing; it was his favorite class. Now he was stuck sitting on a stool watching everyone else. The only bright spot occurred after watching Adrian work with Nathan. Adrian was much better than Nathan, even though he rarely fought right-handed.
“What are you mumbling about?” Raphael asked Nathan as he observed the two work.
“Blading he’s quickerly toos mesee forlorn,” he whined.
Raphael looked at him as though he’d grown another head. “What did you say?”
“Adrian swordfish meals tooly quicksome forty.”
Laughter burst through the room and Raphael gave Nathan a withering glare. “I’ve never seen such a blatant lack of respect in my life.”
“Raphael,” Lucian interrupted, “it’s not exactly Nathan’s fault. He can’t talk properly because of a spell. He’s being punished. I think he was trying to say that Adrian is too fast with his sword. But I think the problem is that Nathan’s not holding his sword firmly enough. See how loose it is? I think he needs to tighten his grip; then he could move faster.”
Raphael looked at Lucian and then at Nathan. He thought for a moment and then said, “In that case, Nathan I apologize. Perhaps it would be best if you didn’t speak. Lucian, I’d like you to help me observe. You needn’t sit out. You can be my assistant until you are able to work again.”
Lucian agreed and began meandering about the room, stopping to help where he saw problems. While he couldn’t fight right-handed, he knew how to hold his sword. It felt good to help his fellow students. He wished his dad could be there to see him.

Year 1 Chapter 5
Back to Table of Contents

Friday was a long day usually, but especially long for Kaelen. While he was able to be in class with all of his peers, his modifications put him on the spot more than once. In art, Stefanos had insisted that he sit in front of the class holding a bouquet of flowers. Nathan would giggle and garble off a random string of nonsense, which, thankfully, took the attention away from Kaelen.
The boys went to lunch and then to alchemy. Aurelia was waiting beside the door, her sunny smile greeting them as they came in. As Kaelen walked by she said, “Kaelen, I have wonderful news. When I told Alantria of your predicament, she immediately sent a spinning wheel. So, you won’t have to be my assistant at all. You’ll find your materials in the corner. I’ll show you how to use the wheel and then leave you to it. I’m sure you’ll catch on quite quickly.”
Later, Kaelen bitterly thought that Aurelia’s idea of quickly and his were polar opposites. In the time he’d been sitting at the wheel he hadn’t managed to turn any of his straw to gold. He hadn’t even gotten it to change to bronze, which was supposedly even easier than gold. Instead, the same pile of straw, slightly kicked about, was still sitting in the corner. His only achievement had been in getting several blisters and making one bundle of straw look slightly shinier. Of course, he thought that was probably more from being rubbed raw than transforming to a golden thread. “Here,” Aurelia said as he left, handing him a book, “read this by next class. It’ll help. You’ll soon get the hang of it.”
After alchemy, the boys headed over to music. Kaelen hated music normally, but being the only singer in a chorus of off-key recorders was awful. Amadeus was also known for being exceptionally picky. He stopped the boys over and over again, making them retune their instruments. He also stopped Kaelen. “No, no, you’re singing an A, that should be an A sharp. You need to stretch your voice a little higher. Not another word, Nathan! No one understands that jibber-jabber!”
Once class was over, the boys went to supper before separating to work on homework. As night fell, they headed to the tower for astronomy. Uralia was waiting patiently outside the door of the observatory turned classroom. She was soft-spoken and smiled gently as each boy walked in. When class started, she led them out to the balcony. “We’ll be taking a bit of a quiz for class today. I want you to identify and locate the constellations as we go along. I hate doing this by paper, so it’ll be one quiz for the whole class. However, if you don’t participate, I will not give you points no matter how well your peers answer for you. I will either tell you a constellation or show you the location. You will need to locate it by pointing or name the constellation depending on which type of question I ask, so pay attention. Let’s begin.”
Adrian secretly loved this class. One of the few memories he had of his father was going out on an overnight campout. It had just been the two of them. “No ladies tonight, eh?” he remembered him saying. They’d gone out to a meadow some distance from the castle and had set up mats and blankets to sleep under the stars. He remembered it being a warm, summer night. There had been just enough breeze to keep them comfortable and not a single cloud in the sky. They had stayed up for hours it had seemed to the young boy, talking and gazing at the stars. His father had told him the story of every constellation they found. He showed him the brave warrior and the beautiful princess he’d saved from the terrible sea monster, her mother sitting on her throne, and then the horse who had run so swiftly he’d begun to fly, earning him wings from the fairies. Young Adrian had fallen asleep to the sound of his father’s voice those many years ago, not knowing that within a few short weeks, he would be gone. Now as he gazed up at the starry skies, he could hear his father’s voice as a whisper through the years. “Find the hunter, Adrian. Did I ever tell you about the hunter?”
He blinked back a tear from the memory. Now was not the time to be sentimental. He refocused on Uralia and the constellation she was asking them to locate.

The next weeks passed unbearably slowly for Kaelen and Lucian. For Kaelen, it was a matter of living as a girl. Between double etiquette and fencing-turned-sewing, Kaelen managed to get three dresses sewn and two small samplers completed. In botany he learned to arrange flowers and dry them. He now had several vases of flowers in his room and he would never admit to anyone that he actually liked the arranging. After two weeks of failure, Aurelia had let him take the spinning wheel to his room to practice daily. By the third week he was spinning gold about half the time. When classes were almost finished, he was usually spinning gold and if not gold, bronze. This was another unexpected pleasure. It was especially gratifying when Gelasia allowed him to use the golden thread to embroider the green dress he made. One of the best things had been the fact that Nathan was still talking in a garbled fashion, leading many boys to believe his punishment was permanent.
Lucian had found classes a complete waste of time since he couldn’t do anything in most of them. He still enjoyed fencing because even though he couldn’t participate, he could at least help the other students. Once Tallia took his arm out of the sling, he was even able to start doing little bits to demonstrate as long as Raphael didn’t catch him. The classes where he had to do a lot of writing were the first that he could return to. Tallia allowed him to start writing again during the second week after the attack. She still refused to allow him to do any physical activities which made physical education a disaster. If Achilles thought that Lucian might use his arm, he immediately escorted Lucian to Tallia.
The last day of finals, everyone got a barrage of mail. An older boy told them that this was normal. “Everyone always gets a ton of mail at the end of semester. Parents telling you how proud they are, the fairies giving you the new schedules, and if you’re really lucky, you get something from your princess. Although, I suppose some people wouldn’t think of that as lucky.”
Lucian found himself sitting amidst of pile of letters. There was the usual letter from his mother and three from Allegra telling him how much she missed him and the last detailing her first art show. That letter also included a small, honorable mention ribbon she’d earned on one of her projects. He also had two letters from the fairies, one containing his spring schedule and the other containing a supply list. Surprisingly, he had a letter from Clarissa telling him she was sorry he’d been injured and hoped he was soon well again. At first, Lucian couldn’t figure out how she’d known, but then Jacobi admitted to telling her about it. “You write to your princess?” Lucian asked.
Jacobi blushed. “Yeah, George does too.”
Blushing just as deeply, George said, “I like her. I want to know what’s going on.”
Kaelen was also surrounded by letters. One of them was from his princess. He went to where the others were standing. “I never thought I’d say this, but I need help.”
“I don’t think we’re qualified, Kaelen,” Adrian teased with a smile. When he didn’t laugh he added, “I’m just kidding.”
“What’s going on, Kaelen?” George asked.
He read his letter out loud:
Kaelen,
 There’s a rumor going around that you wear a pink dress! Please tell me that’s not true. I’m about to die of embarrassment. My prince wearing a dress! Well, you can imagine the terrible things all the girls are saying. You better not be wearing dresses, Kaelen. My parents would never approve! Just what do they teach you at the school of yours anyway?
 Please let me know soon what’s going on. I can barely look my friends in the eye!
 Esmé of Altheirian
“What am I going to do? A gentleman never lies to a lady. I’m still a girl. It’s true that I wear dresses. What am I supposed to tell her?”
“Well, you know, Kaelen, you are a girl,” Lucian said.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“If you’re a girl, then the gentleman’s code doesn’t apply. You don’t have to lie, just don’t tell her the whole truth.”
“How?” Kaelen asked.
“Easy,” George said. “I’ve got lots of sisters and they lie all the time. The thing is, it’s okay to lie if it’ll save another lady from embarrassment. It’s like when Phyllis asks Sarah how she looks. Sarah will never admit that Phyllis looks hideous. So, she makes up a compliment and then suggests something to make it better. Usually that helps make Phyllis look better and it prevents hurt feelings.”
“Yeah, besides, Kaelen, you haven’t worn a pink dress in weeks,” Jacobi said. “Whatever happened to that anyway?”
“It mysteriously vanished,” Kaelen replied through grit teeth. “So what should I say?”
“If it were me,” Lucian began, “I’d say, ‘Dear Esmé, I’m sorry you’ve been embarrassed by such a silly rumor. I do not wear a pink dress. I hope this makes things better for you. Kaelen.’”
“Yeah, that’s good. Besides, there’s not a single lie in it!”
Kaelen sighed. “Alright, I guess that works. I can’t believe they know over there. How would they have found out about any of it?” He looked at Jacobi and George suspiciously.
“Don’t look at us!” Jacobi said. “I might write to my princess, but I would never tell her that you wore a dress. I think I merely said you’d been punished when I told her about Lucian. Besides, even if I had told her, Clarissa would never tell anyone. She’s too sweet.”
“Eleanor wouldn’t have either and I know I didn’t tell her about your punishment. Someone else must have said something,” George added.
“Well, I suppose the damage is already done. No sense getting upset over it. Write your princess and tell her you don’t wear a pink dress,” Adrian said as Kaelen looked ready to start seeking revenge. “That’ll stop any further damage better than getting into more trouble.”
 “Hey, I’m supposed to get the last of my stitches out tonight right after supper,” Lucian said.
“Can I go with you?” Kaelen asked.
“If you want to,” Lucian shrugged. “Adrian can tell you, it’s really not all that interesting. She just washes my arm and looks at it. The last couple of times she’s been able to take some of the stitches out. Today the last ones are supposed to come off as long as Tallia doesn’t see anything wrong.”
“Well, as interesting as your arm is,” Adrian said, “I’m starving. Let’s go eat.”
During the meal there was laughing and talking and Kaelen finally realized what he had missed out on all those months of being selfish and stuck-up. He still thought he was better than most of the people here; but the friendship and companionship of the other boys his age made things worthwhile. Before he could stop himself he suddenly interrupted the conversation, “Thanks.”
“Thanks? We were talking about how Uralia has really pretty eyes,” Jacobi said.
“Oh, no, not about that. I wasn’t really paying attention to that. Thanks for being my friends. I didn’t know what I’d been missing. I guess, it’s nice to have friends,” Kaelen explained.
The others looked at him for a moment. “Who are you and what have you done with Kaelen?” Adrian teased.
Everyone laughed and they continued chatting until Lucian said he needed to go see Tallia. He and Kaelen walked silently down the hallway to the infirmary, the only sound the pattering of shoes and the green skirt swishing around Kaelen’s ankles.
They heard talking outside the door as they walked up. Curious, the two stood outside the door listening. “There really is something in my eye.”
“Really, Achilles,” they heard Tallia say, “if you wanted to come see me that badly, why didn’t you just come without an excuse? In the last two weeks you’ve had every minor ailment you could think of and then some. I wouldn’t object to you coming just to see me.”
“I know, but there really truly is something in my eye and it kind of hurts,” Achilles replied.
Tallia laughed. “Rinse your eye out in the sink and try blinking. If that doesn’t help I’ll take a look at it.” There was silence for a moment. “Why do you keep coming to see me? And I want the truth.”
There was some stammering over the sound of water rushing. Kaelen and Lucian looked at each other, noses wrinkled, and walked into the room. “Tallia, I came for you to take the stitches out of my arm. Or at least to look and see if you can.”
Tallia looked up in surprise and blushed before saying, “Of course, come on over, Lucian. Kaelen, what brings you down here?”
“I just wanted to come and see how he’s doing,” Kaelen replied.
“Alright, don’t get in my way.”She unwrapped Lucian’s arm and peered at the remaining stitches. She gingerly touched around them. “I think they’re ready to come out. This might sting a little.”
Lucian nodded but didn’t say anything. Tallia worked quickly with a small pair of scissors. As she worked, Achilles slipped from the room. When she was finished she looked up at Lucian. “How’s your arm been feeling? Sore at all, any pain, stinging, achiness?”
“It feels unused,” Lucian said.
“Yes, well, it’s probably good that you’ll have a break from school soon. You’ll be able to gradually work your arm back to full use. Now, I still want you to be careful. There’s still the possibility of ripping those scars. They’re just barely healed; any overzealous behavior could land you right back here. I don’t want you fully participating yet. However, I think that you are well on your way to recovery. Come see me again tomorrow morning. I’ll take a look just to be sure,” Tallia said with a smile.
“Thanks, Tallia, for everything,” Lucian replied.
“It’s what I’m here for.” She smiled and then ushered them from the room saying, “Go on now, it’s about time for you to be heading to bed.”
As they walked Kaelen kept looking at himself oddly. “What’s the matter?” Lucian asked.
“I should be a boy again. She said you’re healed. You don’t have stitches anymore. Why haven’t I changed yet?”
“I don’t know. Maybe it’s one of those things where you wake up different.”
“Maybe,” Kaelen admitted. “Yeah, I bet that’s it. I’ll be a boy again by morning!”

But the next morning, Kaelen was not a boy. He was still the blue-eyed blonde he’d been the day before. He just didn’t understand it. There had to be a mistake. When Lucian healed, he was supposed to turn back into a boy. The witch had said so herself. What if there had been a mistake? What if he was doomed to be a girl forever? He didn’t think he could live with that. Anger, frustration and horror caused him to scream with all the lung power he had. “What on earth is going on in here?” Gelasia asked, bursting into the room.
Angry tears streaming down his face, Kaelen cried, “Look at me! I’m still a girl!”
“Now, dear, that’s nothing to scare the life out of me for,” Gelasia said, clutching her chest.
“Are you insane? Look at me! I can’t face Esmé and the other girls like this. What would I say? I’m sorry, dear, I lied to you. I do wear dresses because I’m a girl. Maybe they’ll take me with them because look I’m a girl,” he shouted.
“Now, don’t you get that tone of voice with me, young man. Let’s find Lucian and then go see Tallia. We’ll get this mess straightened out.” She took Kaelen’s arm and firmly led him down the hallway, still in his nightshift. Lucian was walking down the hallway away from them. “Lucian, dear, would you be good enough to wait for an old fairy.”
Lucian turned and smiled. “Certainly, Gelasia. Kaelen? I thought you’d be a boy by now.”
“There’s been a slight hiccup,” Gelasia said.
“Well, I’ll just escort you to the infirmary. I assume that’s where you’re headed,” Lucian replied.
“How very kind of you.” She released her hold on Kaelen’s arm and took Lucian’s outstretched elbow. “Come along, dear,” she directed towards Kaelen. “I’m sure this will all play out just fine. You may even come to laugh about it someday.”
“Yeah right,” Kaelen muttered under his breath.
“What was that, dear?”
“I’m sure you’re right.”
Gelasia laughed knowingly.
When they got to the infirmary, Tallia opened the door. “Lucian, and Gelasia, what a pleasant surprise. Kaelen, also a surprise. Well, come on in. Let’s take a look at that arm.” She ushered Lucian to a table. “So, Gelasia, what brings you down here?”
“Kaelen is quite distraught over still being a girl. Would you say Lucian is well and whole?”
“Well,” Tallia began, examining Lucian’s arm, “there will definitely be scarring. There’s nothing I can do about that. But, as far as regaining full strength and usefulness, yes he’ll be just fine.”
“That’s wonderful news, but I really need you to say the words,” Gelasia replied.
“Which words?”
“Well and whole.”
“You want me to say that Lucian is well and whole?” Tallia asked, her eyebrow raised.
“Yes, dear,” Gelasia replied.
“Okay, Lucian’s well and whole,” Tallia said, looking confused.
The room filled with white light, temporarily blinding everyone. When the light dimmed, Kaelen looked in the room’s mirror. His boyish face looked back at him with his usual short hair. He felt his face and his hair just to make sure it was real. “I’m a boy again.”
“Indeed you are dear. Now, where did you put your pink dress?” Gelasia asked.
Kaelen blushed. “I, um, it’s, well, gone.”
“Oh dear. That’s a shame because now it would be your uniform as it was when you were first transformed. You’ll have to explain to your parents why you need it replaced,” Gelasia explained.
“I’m sure they know,” Kaelen said with disappointment in his voice.
“Yes, well, you’d best get back to your room and dressed for the day. It wouldn’t do to be in a girl’s nightgown when the ladies arrive now would it?” Gelasia asked with a smile.
“You too, Lucian, you’d best get dressed,” Tallia said.
As the boys were leaving, Lucian heard Gelasia ask, “I wonder, dear, if you have my potion ready for me? I’m beginning to run low.”

When the princesses arrived, it was business as usual. Lucian put on a cheerful expression as Moira walked toward him. “Hello, Moira. It’s good to see you again.”
She attempted to smile back. “Hello, Lucian.”
Lucian was sure this wasn’t going to be any better than their previous meeting, but valiantly vowed to make the best of it. At least he didn’t have Esmé. He could hear her shrill voice shredding Kaelen. “How could you allow such a rumor to start? Do you have any idea how humiliated I’ve been? Don’t interrupt me,” she snapped as Kaelen started to open his mouth. “It was cruel! A horrible, cruel joke at my expense and I shall never forgive you.”
“Really, Esmé, I have no idea who would have started such a silly rumor. As you can see, I’m not in a dress so would you just knock it off?” Kaelen retorted.
Lucian and several others stared as Esmé swelled and turned a vivid shade of red.
“Esmé,” Clarissa interrupted as Esmé began to shriek, “what a lovely gown. Where did you get it?”
 Esmé’s normal color quickly overtook her anger as she turned. “My mother’s seamstress designed it. She only works for my mother and me. This one is quite beautiful isn’t it?”
A steady flow of chatter diffused the situation. Lucian could see others talking and looked over at Moira who was fiddling anxiously with her skirt. It was a lovely shade of blue that matched her eyes perfectly. “You look nice today, Moira.”
She blushed and looked at him. “Do you really think so?”
“Yes, that dress really brings out the color in your eyes. It’s very pretty,” he replied.
“Oh.” Then returning to her normal self she said, “Well, thanks.”
The following pause was broken by Calista’s voice announcing breakfast. The tables had been arranged in long rows. Lucian, Adrian, George, and Jacobi along with their princesses quickly found spots at a table where they could sit together. Kaelen looked momentarily confused until Esmé started dragging him towards a different table. “Come along, I see Roseanne and Melinda.”
Watching him go, the other boys noticed the disappointment on Kaelen’s face. They looked at each other, but didn’t say anything as Calista stood and motioned for quiet. “For our younger princes I’m going to briefly explain how today will work. Following breakfast, we will have three hours of games and activities in the gym. We will have a staggered lunch schedule so that princes can meet with me in my office while Melantha meets with the princesses in Airlia Willowlimb’s office. At five o’clock we will have a great feast with your parents. After supper, years one through three will go home and we will see you again in January.”
Cheerful chatter took over the room as the tables were served. Moira, while not as sullen as the last time Lucian had seen her, did not speak to him except in one-word answers. Lucian found this incredibly unfair since she would speak to the other princesses and even some of the other princes. He felt very left out as he looked about. George and Eleanor were speaking excitedly with one another as were Jacobi and Clarissa. Even Allegra was avidly telling Adrian about her glassblowing while Adrian attempted to look interested. “If it isn’t just so, I throw it in our family’s old well.”
“How interesting,” Adrian replied in a noncommittal tone.
Lucian sighed after his latest attempt to engage Moira in any kind of conversation failed. He hoped she would open up as they went to the gymnasium for the games and activities. He looked around and noticed that Nathan’s princess, Leticia, was trying desperately to show interest in his garbled discussion. He felt badly for her, especially since her twin sister, Eleanor, had a prince like George. He felt that Leticia had gotten the very short end of the stick.
The gym had been transformed into a winter wonderland with icicles and snow gracing pine trees. Decorations of silver, blue and violet added to the illusion of a snowy night. Lucian let Moira choose the games she wanted to play. He noted with dismay that not a single one was a get-to-know-you activity. Instead, they played several board games in awful silence. This was worsened by the fact that no matter how well he played, she always won. Lucian tried to compliment her skill, but she always shrugged it off. He had never been so happy to hear lunch announced. He escorted Moira, or rather attempted to since she refused his arm, to the dining hall. Lunch went much the same way breakfast had. On their way up the stairs to wait for their interviews, Lucian pulled George and Adrian aside. “Alright, George, you have older sisters. What am I doing wrong?”
“What do you mean?” George asked.
“I have done everything I could think of to start a conversation, but she just won’t talk to me.”
“Did you compliment her?” he asked.
“George, I gave her every compliment I could except, ‘My Moira, you’re looking exceptionally tall today. Did you grow again?’”
Adrian laughed, “If you said that she’d squish you like a bug.”
“Yeah, Eleanor told me Moira’s very self-conscious about her height. She’s taller than all the girls her age and most of the girls just older too. Not to mention she’s gaining on the oldest girls,” George added. “Adrian, what are Moira’s interests?”
“Interests?” he repeated. “How should I know?”
“You’re her twin brother. Who would know better?” George asked.
“In case you haven’t noticed, Moira and I don’t exactly have a stellar relationship. The only person she said less to today at meals was me.”
“You are useless,” George said, emphasizing each word in frustration.
“Hey, it’s not my fault. When Da…” he hesitated a moment. “Our relationship got so bad, Mom separated the living quarters. I don’t know what she does; she’s in the tower all day.”
George and Lucian stared at him. Lucian sensed this wasn’t the whole story, but didn’t have a chance to press the matter as George asked, “Well, what about at meals? Surely she talks then.”
“No. When she comes out of her room she looks puffy-eyed like she’s been crying. Look, I don’t want to talk about this okay?” Adrian pushed past the other boys as Calista called him into her office.
George patted Lucian’s arm. “Sorry Lucian. Looks like you’ve got a depressed mute with no hobbies for a princess.”
Lucian didn’t reply. His thoughts had turned from his unresponsive princess to his best friend. Adrian had never gotten upset like that before. He didn’t have long to dwell on this because Adrian soon returned. “Your turn, Lucian.” He walked down the hallway to Calista’s office.
Calista ushered him into the room. She smiled as she sat down. “This has been a busy semester for you. All of the teachers tell me that you are a hard worker and doing well. Phillipa has said that while the semester started off rocky for you and Zephyr, she has seen great improvement and wanted me to say that she admires your patience. Diana likewise has mentioned that you have taken what could easily have been a disadvantage and made the best of it. She assures me that Rusty will be up to speed with the other hounds before you know it. Even Amadeus, who between you and I has never shown much optimism towards any of his students, has said you are quite talented. A few things to consider over break; Raphael wants you to slowly work your arm back to use so when classes resume in January you will be able to rejoin your classmates. Phillipa and Diana have requested that you continue to build teamwork with your animals. On a more personal note, I want you to know I admire the forgiveness you have shown. Not many people would have befriended Kaelen put in your shoes. The mark of a true gentleman is that willingness to extend an arm of brotherhood.”
“It wasn’t easy,” he said, blushing at the praise.
Smiling again, she replied, “I’m sure it wasn’t. That’s why I was impressed. I look forward to next semester and continuing to watch you grow and learn. Do you have any questions?”
“No, I don’t think so.”
“Then would you please send Jacobi to my office?”
“Sure,” he said.
“Thank you.” Calista watched as Lucian walked out the door.
After getting Jacobi, Lucian began wandering the halls looking for his princess. He was searching for quite some time before he found her. She was looking sadly up at a portrait in the hall. He walked towards her as she traced the bottom edge with a finger. Suddenly she cleared her throat and turned towards him. “It’s about time you showed up. Everyone else is already on their way in,” she said sharply.
Lucian bit his tongue before saying gently, “I apologize.” He then offered his arm which she once again refused, tilting her chin at a stubborn angle. He sighed inwardly. This was going to be much harder than he thought.

The feast was magnificent and filled to the brim with people. Not only were there fairies and the boys and girls, but all the parents were there as well. Allegra was sitting next to King Lysander talking non-stop. Lucian marveled at his patience. If he had to listen to Allegra talk his ear off, he would have found a good rag to stuff in her mouth. However, he also knew that somehow his father always was the perfect gentleman. Lucian sat next to Moira who was sitting next to her mother speaking avidly about how wonderful school was and how she had made so many friends.
“Is that your prince?” her mother asked.
Moira turned to look at Lucian, “Oh, yes, Mother, this is Prince Lucian. Lucian, this is my mother, Queen Lavinia.”
“It’s good to meet you,” he said taking her hand and kissing it the way he’d been taught.
“You and Moira get along?” she asked.
“Oh yes, we get along quite well,” Moira said before Lucian could reply with all honesty that he didn’t know since Moira didn’t speak. He listened, dumbfounded, as Moira gushed on and on about him, leading her mother to believe that they were perfectly suited.
Knowing better than to make it obvious that he was confused, Lucian pasted a smile on his face and lied, “We have a great relationship.”
This seemed to satisfy Queen Lavinia and Lucian ate the remainder of his meal completely perplexed.
When the feast was over, the princes said goodbye to their princesses and then Lucian and Allegra followed King Lysander out to his carriage to start the long journey back to Maltisten.

Year 1 Chapter 6
Back to Table of Contents

Winter break passed quickly. Lucian spent most of his time with his father in the fencing hall. He also spent time with Rusty, continuing to train the growing puppy. Early in the morning on the last day of vacation, the group woke up and began the long ride to Biberseth; Lucian’s horse following behind the carriage. There was laughter and talking the entire way. Upon arriving at Charming Academy, Calista greeted him warmly. “It is so wonderful to see you back safely. I trust you had a pleasant vacation?”

“Yes, Calista,” Lucian replied.
Time seemed to fly from January to March. Slowly spring warmed the frozen grounds of winter. Buds showed on trees and flower bushes. Sunshine streamed through the castle windows, warming the rooms with its glow. But as much as the boys wanted to be outside, they also needed time for their studies. The fairies didn’t allow the spring fever interrupt their schoolwork. If anything, the boys were sure the fairies had purposely added to their workload. One warm afternoon after getting out of fencing, Lucian said, “Let’s do our homework outside today. It’s so nice out and I’m sick to death of my room!”
“I second the motion,” Adrian replied with mock seriousness. “Anyone who objects is overruled. Let’s go!”
Kaelen grabbed Adrian’s sleeve before he started for the door. “Don’t you think you should get your books and stuff?”
“Yeah, Adrian,” George teased, “it’s hard to do your homework if it’s still inside.”
Adrian smiled mischievously, “I was hoping you guys wouldn’t notice until we got out there so that we could really enjoy the spring weather.”
“Nice try,” Jacobi smiled as they walked up the stairs together. Each boy gathered his bag and books and then met in the hall before heading out into the sunshine. There was still a cool nip to the breeze whispering through the budding branches, but the sun felt so good and warm, the boys hardly noticed. They settled down near a large maple tree and got out their supplies before working in peaceful silence.
Jacobi was struggling through the last of their mathematics homework when Kaelen asked impatiently, “Aren’t you done yet?”
Looking up from his paper, Jacobi could see that the others had already finished their homework. “Sorry,” he said with an apologetic smile, “math isn’t my strong suit. I’m almost done though. It’ll only be a couple minutes. Five tops.”
Kaelen sighed while Lucian replied, “It’s alright Jacobi. Take your time and get it done right the first time. Rushing doesn’t do anyone any good.” He shot a pointed look at Kaelen who had finished before anyone else had gotten near to being done. Kaelen shrugged his shoulders and Lucian couldn’t help but laugh. While Kaelen was certainly much better than he had been before winter break, there were some things that would obviously never change.
“There! I’m finished!” Jacobi exclaimed, shutting his book with a snap. “Now what should we do?”
“I’m voting for a game of tag,” Adrian said. He stood and lunged at Lucian, “And you’re it!”
The boys suddenly started running around. Calista watched from a window as the game continued. Soon, it wasn’t just the five friends playing, but dozens of boys in varying age groups running around trying to catch someone. She smiled as she watched the forging and breaking of alliances. What fun they were having! It reminded her of days long ago when she was a child playing with her brothers and sisters. She turned away from the window and resumed her work. Within a few days the boys would be meeting their princesses again and there was still planning to be done.
It wasn’t long before the sun started to dip below the horizon and the boys returned indoors for supper. Panting, Adrian said, “I told you tag would be fun.”
“You always think tag is fun,” Lucian teased. “You’re faster than the rest of us and we can rarely catch you.”
There was laughter and chatter as boys of all ages sat down to eat. At the end of the meal, Calista rose and reminded them that their princesses would be coming that Saturday. “We will be engaging in a scavenger hunt. Recall that as gentlemen you should absolutely be on your best behavior that day. You will, of course, be partnered with your princess for the day and lunch will have to be found. I shan’t reveal more now, but be prepared.” She smiled and dismissed them from the room.
“What did she mean, ‘Lunch will have to be found’?” George asked.
“I don’t know. Maybe we have to hunt for our own lunch,” Lucian suggested.
“That’s ridiculous,” Kaelen replied. “We don’t have the equipment for each of us to cook our own meal. Somehow I doubt the girls do either. In fact, half of them probably can’t cook!”
“Great, we’re going to starve,” Adrian moaned.
Jacobi laughed, “I hardly think she’ll let us starve, Adrian. I’m sure it’s part of the scavenger hunt. Maybe we have to find the serving utensils and such. I don’t know.”
“Whatever it means, we’ll find out soon enough,” Lucian said.

Saturday dawned with bright, warm sunlight streaming through the windows. Lucian woke up and stretched. Rusty looked up from the corner of his bed and yawned. “Well, you can go back to sleep,” Lucian said to him when he looked at Lucian as though to accuse him of waking him. “Some of us have things to do this morning.” He sighed as Lucian rubbed the top of his head.
“Lazy thing. You must be growing.” He got dressed before walking downstairs for breakfast. George was already there with Jacobi and Adrian. Kaelen had yet to arrive. Soon they were chatting and laughing as Kaelen walked in. “What took you? You’re normally one of the first ones here.”
“I know, but Rex isn’t looking very good. He wouldn’t touch his supper last night,” Kaelen said, his eyebrows drawn together in worry.
“You should take him to see Diana or Tallia. They would know how to help him,” George suggested.
“I don’t know, maybe he’s just having an off-day. Dogs have off-days too, right?”
“I really think you should do as George says,” Adrian insisted. “Diana would definitely know if it was just an off-day or if there’s really something seriously wrong. I mean, your dog is older than any of the rest of ours. He might be really sick. I’ll go with you.”
“No, I’ll go. Rex is my dog.” Without eating so much as a bite of his breakfast he got up from the table and walked to the staff table where Diana was talking to Clio Stormcloud, the history teacher. Kaelen cleared his throat. “I’m sorry to interrupt, Diana but I, I think Rex is sick. Can you come look at him?”
“Of course,” Diana replied. “Please excuse me, Clio.”
“Certainly. I hope Rex gets better soon, Kaelen,” she said.
Diana followed Kaelen up the stairs to his room, stopping only long enough to get Tallia. The three walked into the room. Rex was lying on his bed, whining softly. Diana and Tallia bent over him. Kaelen stood by the door. “Is he going to be okay?”
“How long has he been like this?” Tallia asked.
“He wouldn’t eat last night. I thought it was just that he wasn’t hungry. Is he okay?” he asked desperately.
Diana stood and walked to Kaelen, putting an arm around him. “I don’t know, Kaelen. We’ll do what we can for him but,” her voice trailed away.
Kaelen felt tears well up in his eyes. “I don’t want to see my princess.”
Diana smiled. “I’m sorry, Kaelen, but you know that isn’t possible. Tallia will take him to the infirmary and you can go to him as soon as the princesses leave. For now, you need to be strong. You need to be a gentleman.” She wiped away the tears that slid down his cheeks. “Chin up; we’ll do whatever we can to help.”
Tallia waved her wand which gently lifted Rex’s bed with him in it. She guided it down the stairs and into the infirmary. Kaelen walked next to Rex all the way, rubbing behind his ears the way he liked. Rex looked at him sadly. “It’s okay, boy,” Kaelen said. “Tallia will help you out and I’ll be back as soon as I can. I promise.”
When Kaelen returned, the princesses had already arrived. “You’re late,” Esmé sniffed.
Biting his tongue from saying what he really wanted to, Kaelen replied, “I apologize.”
“Well, let’s go with Rosemary and her prince.”
“No, I need to talk to my friends before our activity starts.”
She sputtered, “But Rosemary and whatever-his-name-is are our friends.”
“They’re your friends,” he argued. “Right now I really need to speak to my friends. So, we’re staying right here.”
Esmé turned a horrible shade of purple and then suddenly began to shriek. Everyone turned to her in shock. It didn’t take long for Calista and Melantha to appear. “What on earth is going on?” Melantha asked.
How anyone could understand what Esmé was saying was beyond Kaelen, but apparently the fairies took in every word. Calista asked, “Kaelen, is it true that you won’t let her see her friends?”
“Not exactly. I said I needed to talk to my friends. If she wanted to invite her friends to join us over here, that would be fine,” Kaelen replied.
“Liar,” Esmé sniffed. “You said they weren’t friends and treated them awfully.”
Kaelen could see that Melantha was used to such exaggeration, but that didn’t save him from a firm lecture. Angry, he walked towards Esmé’s rather cold circle.
He didn’t notice until a few moments later that the rest had followed him. “Hey, what did you need to talk about?” George asked.
“It’s Rex.”
“Is he going to be okay?” Lucian asked.
Kaelen shrugged. “Diana said she didn’t know. Tallia has him in the infirmary right now.”
Everyone turned to the front when Calista cleared her throat. “Good morning, everyone. Today’s activity is a scavenger hunt. Throughout the castle and grounds are hidden various items. Each prince will be given a list which will check itself when you find the items. He must work with his princess. The first couple who finishes and returns will get a special prize. Use good sportsmanship and have fun! You may begin!” Calista raised her wand and dozens of lavender pieces of paper zipped through the air and landed in the princes’ outstretched hands.
Moira and Lucian scanned the list. “I think we should start inside,” he suggested.
“No, look everyone is starting inside. It’ll be crowded. We should start outside and then come in,” she explained.
“Good idea.” He and Moira walked outside and began searching for things that would definitely be outside. A certain tree in the forest, a plant in the witches’ garden, a rock near the lake. They worked in silence, seeming to communicate without words as one led and then the other. Lucian couldn’t think of a time when Moira had been more friendly or happy. There was a sparkle in those blue eyes he’d never seen before. For the first time, he noticed that she was pretty. He blushed as this thought came. Moira was a girl! He didn’t like girls.
Soon, they were inside the castle with only one item left. They knew other groups were close too. A competitive urgency filled them as they desperately tried to find “a hero remembered in the stars”. They’d gone to the astronomy tower, to the library, everywhere they could think of. Suddenly, Moira exclaimed, “I know where he is!” Not waiting for Lucian to follow, she started sprinting down the stairs. Lucian desperately tried to keep up. Panting, he caught up to her. She was standing excitedly next to a portrait of a Prince Charming, sword brandished at a ferocious dragon, stars twinkling in an inky black sky. The paper seemed to warm in Lucian’s hand. The final checkbox was filled in. “Hurry!” Moira cried. “Someone will beat us.” Grabbing Lucian’s hand, she started sprinting to the dining hall. They saw others heading the same direction. Lucian already felt like he was flying, but this challenge spurred Moira on to even faster paces until they finally reached Calista and Melantha.
“Here,” Lucian breathed, handing the crumpled paper to Calista.
“Very good,” she smiled.
“I do believe this is the first time we’ve had a first year couple win the hunt,” Melantha observed.
“Certainly the first in a number of years. Well, Lucian why don’t you get some punch for yourself and Moira and sit down? I daresay you could use the rest.”
Lucian nodded. He was breathing too hard to speak. He led Moira to a table and held her chair for her before going to the serving area. After filling two cups, he returned to Moira and handed her a glass before sitting next to her. “You were awesome. How did you figure out that last clue?”
A slight sadness touched Moira’s voice as she answered, “The remembered hero is my dad. I found his portrait last semester. I simply remembered that there were stars in it.” She was quiet for a while. “Good job keeping up with me. I was sure you’d trip over yourself.”
He laughed, “I’m surprised I didn’t. Your legs are so much longer than mine that it was hard to keep up.” Moira flushed and Lucian knew instantly that was the wrong thing to say. “I’m sorry, I meant…”
“No, it’s okay. In any case we won.” An uncomfortable silence fell over them until others joined them at their table. Lucian was internally kicking himself. He knew better than to mention Moira’s height. He’d bumbled things when she finally seemed to have opened up to him.
As the clock struck twelve, lunch began; or rather they were sent to find it. This hunt wasn’t nearly as difficult as the other. They went out to the gardens and found tables with long, different-colored tablecloths laid over them. “Before you can be seated, you must find the appropriate tables,” Melantha said. “Your age must match the color.”
“Age must match the color? How are we supposed to figure that out?” Moira asked.
Clarissa looked thoughtful. “Age must match the color. Age…Oh! I know! There’s an old poem from way long ago. It talks about the tradition fairies had about color. Let me think, um, blue was the first color, so that would be the oldest students.”
“I think I know what you’re talking about,” Eleanor said. “Green was next to fill the earth with serenity. So that’s the fifth year students. Then red, the color of life.”
“Yellow next to warm the planet,” Clarissa continued. “Violet then to add nobility and passion.”
“Orange to bring in the day and herald night! We’re orange!” Eleanor exclaimed. She grabbed George’s hand and the group followed her to the table with the orange tablecloth. Others filtered their way and when finally the fairies explained the clue, everyone else was seated. Lunch was served and the group ate ravenously. The search had really brought out their appetite. Only Kaelen seemed uninterested in eating. “Come on,” Adrian said between mouthfuls. “Everything’s delicious. Eat up!”
“He’s right,” George agreed. “Besides, starving yourself won’t make Rex better.”
Kaelen merely nodded and kept pushing the food around his plate. He ate a bite here and there to appease his friends, but didn’t at all feel hungry. He hardly paid attention as Calista announced that Moira and Lucian had won, earning them each a basket of goodies. He barely heard Melantha gather her princesses. He didn’t say goodbye to Esmé who was sulking over the fact that they’d lost. Once everyone was gone, he went to the infirmary to check on Rex.
When he got there, Diana was sitting cross-legged on the floor next to his bed, trying to coax him into eating. “Come on, boy, just a bite. For me?”
Rex whined and turned away.
“Is he any better?” Kaelen asked.
“I’m afraid not,” she replied. “I’ve been in here all morning trying to get him to eat.”
“Haven’t you eaten?”
Diana smiled but didn’t respond. Kaelen knew the answer. He hadn’t seen her at the staff table at lunch. He scratched Rex’s ears before leaving again. He walked into the kitchen where a short, mauve fairy was attending the stove. “You’re not to be in here. What do you want?”
“I’m sorry. I just wondered if I could take a tray to Diana. She hasn’t eaten because she was taking care of my dog while the princesses were here,” Kaelen explained.
“That Diana doesn’t have her head on right. Take care of animals before herself. Take care of students before herself. Take care of anything before herself! I tell you that if it weren’t for the fact that she’d die, I doubt she would ever eat.” She handed Kaelen a tray. “Now don’t be coming in here again.”
“I won’t,” he promised. “Thank you!” He walked back into the infirmary and handed the tray to Diana.
She looked mildly surprised, but said, “Thank you. I was feeling a mite hungry.”
“I’ll try to get him to eat. You take care of yourself.”
Diana gave him a half-smile and carried the tray to a table to start eating. She watched Kaelen silently. The genuine worry and concern touched her. It was nice to see this human side of Kaelen. She watched him stroke the dog’s head and even manage to get him to eat a few bites. She heard motion at the door and turned to see Tallia. Quietly getting up, she walked over. “Well?”
“Lucretia says that the plant I need is one that disappeared last semester,” Tallia said.
“Surely they’ve replanted,” Diana replied.
“Of course they have, but the new plants aren’t mature yet. Althea promised to bless them, but even with that it could be a week, probably two before they’re ready.”
“Two weeks? Rex may not have two days of strength left. He needs that potion,” Diana whispered anxiously.
“I know. But it’s the best we can do.”
Diana turned to where Kaelen was. He was lying on the floor next to Rex’s bed, stroking his side while the old dog slept. She sighed. She very much doubted that Rex would survive to hunt again.
Four days later, the five friends met with Diana out in the woods with Rex. His body was wrapped tightly in his favorite blanket. Kaelen was clutching it, silent tears coursing down his face. He had taken Rex’s passing surprisingly well. No shouting that it wasn’t fair, no pleading. He’d just rubbed the dog’s ears and softly whispered, “Goodbye, boy. I love you.”
Now as they dug a shallow grave for him, Diana tried desperately to keep her own emotions under control. Losing a pet was difficult under any circumstances, but the first one was harder. She watched as Kaelen gently placed Rex in the hole and helped Adrian recover it. He had carved Rex’s name on a medium-sized stone and placed that over the fresh grave. “I’m so sorry, Kaelen,” she said, putting an arm around his shoulder.
“He’s not sick anymore,” Kaelen replied. He was quiet for a moment. “I’m really going to miss him. He was a good dog. My dad gave him to me when I was little. He was just a puppy then.” He looked around and saw other stones in the area. “Are those…?”
“Yes,” Diana replied, answering the unfinished question. “Many princes have lost a dog while in school. It is a hard time for all of them, especially when it is their first pet. Some even lost horses through accident or illness. This is where we bury them, so that they can be in a place of peace and beauty. You can come here anytime you need.” She squeezed his shoulder before walking away.
“I’m sorry, Kaelen,” Adrian said.
Kaelen shrugged. Part of him wanted to be alone, but he was glad his friends had joined him. “Thanks for coming with me.”
“That’s what friends are for,” George said.
A light rain started to fall, as though the world were mourning with him. “I guess we should head inside,” Kaelen whispered.
“We probably should,” Lucian replied.
“Come on,” Jacobi said gently, placing a hand on Kaelen’s shoulder. “Let’s go.”
Silently, the five left the small graveyard in the woods. Kaelen thought he heard the haunting sounds of dogs barking and horses whinnying. Perhaps Diana was right. Here, the cherished pets and beloved companions of princes gone before could find peace and rest in that beautiful glade. He turned and thought he saw Rex standing there. He seemed to smile and then bounded away into the trees. Goodbye, Rex, Kaelen thought as he continued into the castle with his friends.

Soon the boys were busy with finals. The weather was as stormy as the boys’ attitudes. The horsemanship final was held in the indoor arena and the hunting final was held in the gym. “Obviously,” Diana said as they were gathering, “you won’t be hunting for any animals. Instead, you’ll be working with targets and proving your hounds.” Lucian was disappointed that they couldn’t have the final outside. Rusty had improved as much as he had grown and was as good as any of the other hounds. Kaelen had yet to receive his other hound, despite sending multiple letters. For his final, Diana had arranged for him to work with one of her hounds. “It’s not fair since all of my hounds are so well-trained, but the important part is your understanding, not theirs,” she had told him.
Kaelen hated every moment of the final. He wanted his hound. Target practice was better and he didn’t feel quite as frustrated. In fact, the opportunity to shoot was rather relieving. When the final was finished he went over to his group of friends and said, “Well that was fun. How’d you do?”
“I’ve got an A overall, with E’s in bowmanship and ethics. How about you?” Lucian asked.
“A overall,” Kaelen replied. “I wish Knight was here. He’s the hunting hound I left at home when I came. Obviously I only needed one dog, not two.”
“Why haven’t your parents sent him out?” George asked. “You need a dog out here and it’s been weeks since, well…”
“Since Rex died,” Kaelen finished. “I’m okay with it now. It’s still hard, he was my first dog. But,” Kaelen shrugged and didn’t finish the sentence.
Adrian smiled, “Well, let’s head upstairs and check our mail. We should have something today. Schedules for next year, notes from princesses...”
The boys headed up the stairs and sure enough, the neon pink mail fairy was finishing up her rounds. “Good afternoon boys, how’s school treating you?”
“I hate finals,” Adrian groaned.
“Other than that not too bad, Laria,” Lucian said.
Laria laughed, “That’s life for you. Even these fairies had to take exams you know.” She was different from any other fairy the boys had ever met. Her pink hair was cropped short and always seemed windblown. She also had her own flair in style and address which was completely different from anything the boys had ever seen. “Well, must be off. Lots of deliveries yet to do today. Have a great summer. I’ll miss seeing you.”
“We’ll miss you too, Laria,” George smiled.
She waved and fluttered away.
Kaelen opened his mailbox and found several letters including one from his parents. Setting the other letters aside, he ripped open the envelope. As he read, anger filled him and he stormed away. He marched into Diana’s office and threw the letter down on her desk. “I’m not responsible enough for a dog,” he yelled as she looked up at him with a puzzled expression.
“I beg your pardon?” she asked.
“Read it,” he said through grit teeth.
Diana picked up the crumpled letter and read, her eyebrows furrowing as she read on.
Dear Kaelen,
Please refrain from sending these incessant notes about wanting Knight to come to Charming Academy. It is quite clear to your father and I that you cannot handle the responsibility of two animals at school. You have not mentioned any problems with Lightning so we must therefore assume that you are spending too much time caring for him. Your irresponsibility will not be rewarded with another to neglect. You will have to show over the summer that you can handle caring for two animals before your father and I will consider sending Knight with you for fall term.
Love,
Mother
Tears of anger and frustration filled Kaelen’s eyes. “She thinks I just let Rex die. How would she know? She wasn’t here. She didn’t see me taking care of him. She wasn’t the one begging him to eat. Or holding him while he wheezed and whined. Her heart wasn’t broken.” Kaelen stopped.
 “May I request that you follow your mother’s command?” When he looked about ready to explode in indignation she continued, “I believe this is a matter that Calista and I will have to clear up. I am well aware that you have not neglected your animals. In fact, you are a very observant master and were most caring during Rex’s final days. Leave this matter to me. You must be a gentleman now and respect your mother’s wishes. It is what an obedient son would do.” Diana put a comforting hand on Kaelen’s shoulder as he nodded. “May I keep the letter?”
“I don’t want to see it again,” he muttered.
“Thank you,” she said.
Kaelen nodded and stormed out of her office.

The end of term came with graduation for the older boys. All the students both from Charming Academy and Fair Damsels Academy were present for the ceremony as well as the parents. Lucian and Moira continued in the same awkward relationship they’d always had while Allegra chatted non-stop to Adrian. Soon Melantha stood and welcomed to the stage her graduating princesses. “For our new students, I have to explain part of what is going to happen today. As you know, Prince Charming cannot simply walk across the stage and take his princess by the hand and say, ‘I’m done!’ Life is not that simple. Most of our princesses, though they’ve done nothing wrong, will experience sudden departures due to their prince’s quest. Have no fear, they are perfectly safe and we will see them again sooner than you may think.”
Lucian hardly paid attention. It was a rather short ceremony and at the end of it, most of the princesses had magically vanished upon receiving their diplomas. Next Calista stood and bequeathed upon each prince his quest. The younger princes found this part far more interesting, especially as they watched some of the boys they were more familiar with. “Do you think Kieffer’s princess will ever reappear?” Adrian whispered to Lucian as Calista handed Kieffer a rolled parchment.
Lucian shrugged his shoulders. As far as he knew, Kieffer and Samantha were still at odds with one another. He just hoped that somehow he wouldn’t end up the same way with Moira.
 “Can you believe someday that will be us?” Adrian asked Lucian after the ceremony ended.
Lucian shook his head. Soon his parents said it was time to go home. “I guess it’s time for me to go,” he said.
“Yep, see you in September,” Adrian replied.
“See you!” Lucian said and followed his family out to their carriage.

Year 2 Chapter 1
Back to Table of Contents

On the first of September the friends were reunited at Charming Academy. Kaelen saw Lucian when he first arrived and asked, “Okay, you’re a diplomatic person, what do I do about my parents?”
“Hello to you too, Kaelen,” Lucian said in confusion. “What about your parents?”
“They won’t send Knight with me. You remember me talking about him,” Kaelen said.
“Yeah, I remember, is he sick?”
“No, he’s perfectly healthy. They just don’t think I’m responsible enough to care for both a horse and a dog because Rex died while I was here. I don’t know what to do. I’m about to throttle them, but that won’t help either.”
Lucian thought for a moment. “Have you talked to Calista about this?”
Kaelen nodded. “Well, I talked to Diana, she talked to Calista. They promised to do something about it.”
“Hmm. Maybe you should talk to them again. I don’t understand why they haven’t sent him. I mean, without your hound, you’ll fail your classes,” Lucian pointed out. “Don’t they know that?”
Kaelen shrugged. He turned and walked down the hall to Calista’s office. As though Diana had already known he needed to talk to both of them, she was sitting in the room. “I need to talk to you.”
“Which one of us?” Calista asked with a smile.
“Both of you, actually,” Kaelen said. “I have a problem. I know you’ve written to my parents but, they still won’t send Knight with me. He’s sitting at home, not being trained and I’m stuck here losing out on instruction.”
“That is true. Part of the class is training and working with your own dog,” Diana agreed. “Your parents didn’t send Knight with you?”
“No, I even tried sneaking him into my bags,” he replied with a blush. “I, I just wondered if you could talk to them again. I hate having to ask for help, but I’ve done all I can think of.”
Calista looked at Diana and there seemed to be a silent conversation, “I’ll see what we can do, Kaelen,” she said at length. “Why don’t you go get ready for supper? It’ll be ready soon.”
Kaelen nodded. He had a terrible feeling that even Calista wouldn’t be able to fix the problem. Maybe he should go into town and buy a new puppy. His dad had given him plenty of spending money.

As their classes resumed, the boys soon fell back into the routine. They had all the same classes as the year before only at different times. Lucian didn’t find this surprising since they couldn’t very well be in the same classes as the first years.
A couple weeks after Kaelen had spoken to Calista and Diana, King Roland arrived at Charming Academy with Knight. Calista had asked to see him privately in her office while he was there. When he left, he was sputtering and looked like he’d swallowed a lemon. Kaelen couldn’t help feeling that he’d deserved whatever he had gotten, but simply waved goodbye. After his father nodded back, he turned to go into the dining hall for supper.
“I saw you had a new dog with you earlier, is that Knight?” Lucian asked as they sat down.
“Yeah,” Kaelen replied. “To tell you the truth, I was about to go to town and buy a new dog. I was actually about to leave as the carriage pulled in.”
“Good thing you waited,” Adrian said. “You would have had a tough time with two dogs.”
Kaelen shrugged, “I probably would have just sent the puppy home with Dad to give to Anna.”
“Who’s Anna?” George asked.
“My little sister. She’s eleven this year.”
“Do any of us not have little sisters?” Adrian asked.
“I don’t,” Jacobi said. “I’m an only child.”
“I don’t either,” George added. “All my sisters are older than me. I haven’t talked to some of them in a while, quests and all that.”
“So, the princesses have no contact with their families when they go missing?” Lucian asked.
“I don’t think they’re allowed. I know we were really starting to worry about Naomi because her prince didn’t find her until the end of the fourth year after graduation. You’re only allowed five to complete your quest.”
“That must have been hard,” Jacobi said.
“Not as hard as the one right now.” He stopped momentarily. “Samantha is my sister.”
The others stared for a moment until Kaelen remembered, “Kieffer is her prince. They…”
“She likes him well enough, but she said he always seemed to have his eye on someone else. My parents are having a harder time with her disappearance. To tell you the truth, I’m having a hard time with it myself,” George admitted. “We don’t know that he’s really going to try to find her.”
They were prevented from further discussion as Calista stood to announce a temporary staff change. “Honoria and Raphael are expecting their first child and she needs this time to prepare for that event. For the remainder of this year, Pagoma Snapdragon will teach orientation. Please join me in welcoming her.”
The boys clapped as a pale lavender fairy stood and waved to them. She resumed her seat and the dining hall was filled with chatter as the boys talked about this new development. “Do you think we’ll see Honoria at all this year?” Adrian asked.
“I’m sure we’ll see her at meals. All the fairies live nearby,” Jacobi said.
“I wonder why she can’t teach up until the baby is born,” George commented.
“I suppose we could ask Raphael, but he probably wouldn’t tell us anyway,” Adrian added.
Kaelen said, “I don’t think we should worry about it. It’s not like Calista said she was dying. She probably just wants some privacy and that sort of thing.”

The weeks continued into October. The weather had grown dark and stormy for weeks. Horsemanship was taken to the indoor arena and the horses, like the boys, were starting to show signs of cabin fever. Lucian found Zephyr particularly willful. “It’s not my fault boy,” he snapped one day as he put the proud stallion back in his stall. “I want to get outside as much as you do.”
Zephyr snorted at him as though he didn’t believe him.
Lucian couldn’t blame him either. He and his class had come into the barn looking like a bunch of drowned rats. Now that his clothes were almost dried, he was going back into the pouring rain. He rubbed Zephyr down and brushed his coat until it gleamed. “At least you don’t look like something the cat dragged in,” Lucian said.
Zephyr turned and whinnied as though laughing at him.
“Yeah, I know,” Lucian replied, shaking his head as he poured some oats into the box before walking out of the stall.
“You’d have thought I got wet on purpose,” Kaelen said as he joined Adrian and Lucian.
“I got the same response from Zephyr,” Lucian admitted. “I can’t wait for the sun to come out again.”
“Don’t look for it too soon,” Phillipa said with a disappointed sigh. “The weather isn’t going to change for a while.”
“Great,” Adrian moaned.
“Well, let’s get back to the castle before it gets any worse,” Lucian replied. “Bye Phillipa.”
“Have a good afternoon, boys. Go quickly!” she encouraged.
The boys nodded and sprinted out after the rest of their class. When they reached the castle doors, several boys were standing outside pounding on them. “What’s going on?” Adrian demanded.
“Someone’s locked the doors,” a boy shouted.
Lightning split the sky as deafening thunder rumbled around them. “They’re never going to hear us over that noise,” Lucian yelled. “We’re going to have to think of another way in.”
“Are you mad? There is no other way in.”
Lucian refused to give up so easily. He walked away from the doors and started running from window to window, hoping that someone would see him. Finally he reached the fencing room where Raphael was conducting class. He started waving his arms, desperately hoping the fairy would turn and see him. He could see older boys pointing at him and then to his relief, Raphael turned. The window opened and Raphael demanded, “What on earth are you doing?”
“The front doors are locked and we can’t get in,” he panted through chattering teeth.
“That’s impossible. Calista would never lock the doors with students out.”
“I don’t know who locked them, but they’re locked and we can’t get in. Please send someone to open the doors.” Lucian was now shivering violently.
“Of course,” Raphael said. “Go to the front doors.”
Lucian nodded and began running back to the front of the castle. The rest of the boys were still pounding on the doors. “I told you so,” a boy said as Lucian came up.
“Raphael is on his way,” Lucian shouted.
The boys had never been so grateful to see their fencing master as when he opened the doors. Streams of water followed the boys into the hallway as they entered the castle. Several fairies were standing around with blankets and towels. “Get dried off,” Calista ordered. “Then I want to know who did this.”
“I can tell you,” George said as a fairy was rubbing his hair with a towel.
She raised an eyebrow. “Yes?”
“Nathan was the first one to leave and the only one of our class in the castle. He’s the only one who would have been able to do it. Everyone else was in class.”
The fairies looked at each other then at Calista. “Very well,” Calista said. Her voice was calm, but there was a flicker in her eyes that the boys found frightening. “Boys, please go to your dormitories. Hot water will be brought up for you to bathe. We need to get you warm. Go on now. I’ll deal with Nathan. Raphael, please have Russett help you get the boys get fresh towels and warm blankets.”
“Right away.” He sent a tan piece of paper to the greenhouse which seemed to shudder before flying out a nearby window.
The boys left without noticing the black paper that had flown from Calista’s wand. As they climbed the stairs Adrian asked, “How do those messages manage to go out the windows like that.”
“Fairy magic,” Raphael replied as he followed them up the stairs. “Our magic can allow something as seemingly solid as paper go through something just as solid like a window.”
“But how?” Adrian asked. “I don’t get it.”
Raphael laughed. “Wait until you get into spell breaking with Althea. She’ll explain it much better.”
“That’ll be a whole year from now.”
“Are you whining at me?” Raphael asked.
“No sir,” he said as they reached the top floor.
Russett was standing at the top of the stairwell. “Seems you have a bunch of drowned kittens, Raphael. What can I do to help?”
In Calista’s office, Nathan was sitting, looking smugly triumphant. He really hadn’t needed to get the whole class. Just Kaelen. He’d spent four long months talking like an idiot and it was Kaelen’s fault. He wasn’t sure what Calista was waiting for and he really didn’t care. It wouldn’t matter what the witches did to him. Being out that long in the rain; he knew most of the boys would be sick. “Can’t I go to my room so I can do homework while you wait?”
“If you honestly think I’m going to fall for that excuse, you’re sadly mistaken,” Calista said, not bothering to turn to look at him. “I’ve heard from many of your teachers that you do not do homework. You will not leave until we have discussed your behavior.”
Nathan shrugged as Phillipa stormed into the room. Droplets of water ran down her hair and she looked furious. Seeing Nathan, her frown deepened and sparks flew from her wand which was clutched in one hand. “Calista, I need to speak to you about Nathan.”
Calista turned to look at her. “What else has he done?”
“Else?” Phillipa asked. Then she shook her head, “Never mind, I don’t have time. Look, I don’t care what the witches do to him, but he is banned from horsemanship for the next two weeks.”
“Really?” Calista said; a look of surprise on her face. “What did he do?”
“It’s not what he did,” Phillipa said, fury in every syllable, “but rather what he didn’t do. He was in such a rush to leave that he didn’t take care of his own horse. When I went through the barn to check the horses, I found Misty Shadow, still in his tack, not clean, not fed; nothing had been done to make him comfortable. The look of misery on his face…” she stopped, the memory was painful. “This is the last time he neglects that horse in my class. I expect the boys to occasionally forget a blanket, or give too little feed to their horse, but to completely disregard it…” She took a deep breath and then continued, “I believe I’ve said enough. He will not be allowed in the stable for a fortnight. However, there is no need to place him in another classroom. He is to write me a fifteen page essay on the importance of proper equine maintenance. He will not be allowed in the barn until it is completed or the two weeks have passed, whichever is last.”
Calista looked at Nathan, “Very well. He can spend horsemanship in my office working on your assignment.”
Phillipa nodded and left the office as Calypso entered. “You called for me I believe?”
“Thank you for coming so promptly,” Calista replied.
“What was the crime?” she asked. She was tall and lanky with a flowing blue gown. Her hair was so dark, it looked nearly black and seemed to have a bluish hue in the shadows. Her eyes were slate blue, like the ocean in a storm. As Calista recounted Nathan’s behavior, Calypso absent-mindedly played with the shell bracelets around her wrists. “I see,” she said when Calista finished. She turned to Nathan. “And you have no apology to make?”
He stared at her in obstinate refusal.
A wicked smile spread over Calypso’s face. “Your choice. Neglected as you neglect, Wetter than those you wet, Locked from your own, Is the punishment you get.” The shells on the bracelet glowed and a stream of blue light wrapped itself about him. A storm cloud appeared over his head, drenching him in seconds. “Don’t worry Calista, you’ll find your rugs as dry as ever. Enjoy the rain, Nathan.” With a laugh, she left and was soon seen walking through the thundershower outside.
“I suggest you go to the dormitories and get ready for supper, Nathan,” Calista said.
Soaked, he got up and walked away. He should have expected something like this. Oh well, it was worth it. He tried to wipe the raindrops away from his eyes so he could see where he was going, but it didn’t help. When he reached his dormitory, he couldn’t get the door open. He desperately tried to wipe his hand on his pants, thinking perhaps it was because his hand was wet. When he tried again, the door wouldn’t budge. He shrugged and walked down the stairs for supper; he was starving.
Nathan went through the serving line, ignoring the students around him; not that he needed to. They were avoiding him and his raincloud. By the time he reached his seat, his plate was drenched. He considered complaining and getting a new plate, but knew it wouldn’t do any good. He started eating, but found the more he ate, the hungrier he felt. He went up for seconds and then thirds with the same results. Panicking, he walked up to Calista. “I’m hungry.”
“Then get something to eat, Nathan,” Calista replied, as though this were obvious.
“I have been, but I’m still hungry.”
“You must not have fed your horse. You are now feeling the pangs of neglect.” When Nathan continued to stare at her, she continued, “Perhaps you should listen when people speak to you. I suppose next you’ll tell me that you can’t get into your room.”
He gaped at Calista. “But they can’t do that; they can’t lock me out!”
“Actually, it would appear that they can. The witches’ magic is extremely powerful and should not be taken lightly; especially not by our students,” Calista said.
Lucian and the others watched Nathan stalk away from the staff table. “That didn’t look pleasant.”
“No, but he deserves it,” Jacobi replied. “Half the class is sniffling and it’s only a matter of time before people get really sick.”
“Well, he couldn’t have chosen a worse time,” George moaned. “The princesses are still coming next week, even if we all sound like toads.”
“Maybe if we were all really sick they’d cancel,” Kaelen said. “After all, they wouldn’t want the ladies to get sick, right?”
“Yeah right,” Adrian snorted. “Calista would probably just ask the witches to put glass bubbles around our heads so we couldn’t breathe on them. Let’s face it, we’re going to see the princesses whether or not we’re healthy.”
“You say that like it’s a bad thing,” Jacobi said.
“Don’t get me wrong, I like her well enough, I’d just rather be healthy when I see her.”
“You like her?” Lucian asked, his nose wrinkled.
Feeling very much like a fish out of water, Adrian sputtered, “Oh come on, Lucian. If I said I didn’t like her you’d have a conniption fit because she’s your sister. I say I like her well enough and you’re looking at me like I just confessed to writing love bonnets to her.” He paused as Jacobi snorted. “What’s so funny?”
“I think you meant to say love sonnets,” he replied as the others started to giggle.
“I said that, didn’t I?” Adrian asked.
“No, you said love bonnets,” George snickered. “A bonnet is something that girls wear to protect them from the sun. A sonnet is a poem, often romantic in nature.”
“Oh,” Adrian said with a sheepish grin. “Well, I don’t write those either.”

By the next Saturday, many of the boys had colds ranging from occasional coughing and sniffs to staying in the infirmary to recuperate. Tallia spent all her time running back and forth between the witches’ hovel and her office, brewing potions to help the boys recover faster. Most showed immediate improvement, although when Nathan came, he never got better. Tallia finally told him to stop coming. “Apparently this is part of your punishment. I’m wasting potion that I need for the other boys. I’m sorry, but you’re stuck like that until your punishment is over.”
As Adrian predicted, promptly at ten o’clock the princesses arrived from Fair Damsels, despite hopes that the meeting would be postponed. As Melantha and Calista got the first year students sorted out, the other princesses quickly found their princes.
“Good morning, Moira,” Lucian rasped as she curtsied properly.
“You sound terrible,” she said, looking down at him. Much to Lucian’s chagrin, she had grown a few more inches over summer break.
“I’m getting over a cold, but don’t worry it’s not contagious.”
She raised an eyebrow but didn’t respond.
The silence didn’t last long as Allegra eagerly embraced her brother. “I’m so glad to see you,” she said. “Thanks for writing to me. It makes me feel less homesick.”
“You’re welcome. I’m glad you’ve been writing back. I’ve…” He was interrupted by a coughing spasm.
“Wow, you really sound awful. Maybe you should be in bed,” she said, looking at him with a mix of concern for him and fear of catching it.
“No, I’m fine, really,” he replied. “I’m just recovering from a cold.”
When they heard another bout of coughing, Moira asked, “Is everyone here getting over a cold?”
“Just second years,” Adrian replied. “Someone thought it’d be funny to lock us out in the rain.”
“Oh,” Clarissa said, appearing with Jacobi. “That explains the raincloud following Leticia’s prince.”
Eleanor and George arrived shortly after and Eleanor looked with concern at her sister who was trying to engage Nathan in conversation. “It’s just not fair,” she whispered.
“What was that?” George asked.
Eleanor smiled, “Oh, nothing. It’s nothing.” When George looked like he didn’t believe her, she laughed and took his hand. “Don’t worry so much. I’m fine.”
He was prevented from pursuing the subject when Melantha stood. “Now that we’re all organized, we’ll tell you what we’ll be doing today. Since the weather prevents our usual picnic, we’ll be doing an indoor activity. Now, normally we don’t do things like this, but Calista and I agreed this would be most beneficial. The fairies will be recreating some of the most famous fairy tales for you. We’ll adjourn to the dragon fighting room and you will be seated. Some of you may recognize the stories from your parents or grandparents. Follow me.”
Lucian offered Moira his arm. She hesitated only a moment before gingerly placing her hand on his arm and allowing him to escort her to the dragon fighting classroom. Lucian had never been in this room before and was shocked at the immensity of it. The walls were riddled with windows which made the huge room seem even larger. What surprised him most was that the room was built like an arena. There was a huge sand pit at the bottom surrounded by arena seats. Lucian allowed Moira to sit first before taking his place next to her. Soon large drapes were pulled across the windows before Calista pointed her wand at the ceiling and a spotlight appeared in the center, shining down into the pit where she was standing. “We’ll begin shortly. Understand that you are in absolutely no danger. We have everything under control, so don’t be afraid. Enjoy the show!”
The spotlight disappeared and when it reappeared a fairy was standing in the center. They began the show, fairies taking the places of princes who had gone before. There were occasional whispers as students recognized the stories they’d heard throughout their childhood. Lucian sat in rapt attention. He watched as one by one, the fairy princes defeated their foes. He watched as Russett struggled through a forest of magical thorns. He recognized Raphael dueling. At one point he saw Honoria lying silently as though dead until Raphael’s magic kiss brought her back to her feet. He gasped with everyone else when a huge dragon came into the arena. He watched as a fairy he knew only by name began the epic battle. Hearing a choking sound next to him, he looked over at Moira. Silent tears were coursing down her cheeks. He turned to his other side where Adrian was sitting and saw his friend struggling to restrain his emotions. Understanding dawned on him as he watched Vulcan battle the ferocious dragon under a magical starry sky. They were watching their father’s story. Wanting to comfort his princess, Lucian gently placed his hand over hers. She started and pulled at her hand, but Lucian squeezed her hand and whispered, “It’s okay. I’m just trying to help.”
Moira stared at him, not sure what to feel. Rather than draw attention to herself, she turned back to the defeated dragon and watched the unknown fairy kiss his waiting princess. When Lucian moved his hand back to his own lap as the next act began, she was surprised at the disappointment she felt. She shook her head; she couldn’t think that way. Returning her attention to the show, she tried to pretend nothing had happened.
After the fairies finished their performance, the students clapped and then followed them to the dining hall where lunch, delicious steaming soup in toasted bread bowls, was waiting for them. There was laughter and chatter throughout the meal. As at their first meetings, Moira spoke with everyone except Lucian. When the time came for the princesses to leave he said, “I’ll see you in December.”
“Yeah, sure.” Moira looked preoccupied. Worse, she looked upset.
Once the princesses were out of earshot, Lucian turned to Adrian, “What did I do?”
“I have no idea,” he replied. “She wasn’t that upset when she got here. What did you do?”
“I don’t know,” Lucian said, exasperation in his voice. “Things were fine this morning.”
George came up behind them and said, “Well, we’d best do our homework now. I know we were all trying to get healthy again.”
“Not that it worked,” Jacobi said miserably. “Poor Clarissa seemed terrified to be near me even though I told her that Tallia assured me I wasn’t contagious.”
Adrian laughed, “Well, life goes on. Let’s get some work done.”

Year 2 Chapter 2
Back to Table of Contents

The storms that flooded the grounds of the academy and filled the lake behind the castle seemed to last forever. One day in botany a sudden, warm ray of light caused the boys to run haphazard out of the greenhouse and into the sunshine, whooping with their arms outstretched, as though they’d never seen it before. “Would you boys come back to class immediately?” Russett demanded. He couldn’t help but smile as the boys, reluctant to leave the sun’s warmth, came back into the greenhouse. “I know it’s exciting to have sunshine again, but we really must finish class before you enjoy the rays.”
After what seemed hours, class was over and the boys ran back out into the sunshine. “Doesn’t that feel good?” Adrian asked as he tipped his face towards the sun.
“Yeah, but if we don’t hurry we’ll be late to fencing,” Lucian replied.
“Raphael wouldn’t mind. I’m sure he’d understand,” Jacobi said.
“Not even,” Kaelen retorted. “You know how he feels about punctualness, or whatever it is.”
“I believe you mean punctuality,” George teased as they walked into the castle.
They entered the classroom and worked through the hour. When classes were finally done for the day, the group of friends went back outside to enjoy the sunshine. The trees were already beginning to drop their leaves, and the grounds were picturesque in red, orange and gold. The grounds were still soggy and the earth smelled of rain, but the boys enjoyed being outdoors for a little while before returning to their rooms to do the homework they’d been assigned.
As Lucian worked on conjugating verbs for Lorelei, he resisted the urge to throw the book across the room. Working with the mermaid language was difficult. He looked out the window at the setting sun and sighed. Soon a knock at his door reminded him that it was getting close to suppertime.
“Do you plan on eating tonight?” Adrian asked as Lucian opened the door. “We’ve been waiting five minutes for you to come out!”
“Sorry, I was trying to get through the mermaid pages,” Lucian replied.
“I gave up on those,” Adrian said shrugging. “I mean, seriously, when am I ever going to have to talk to a mermaid?”
“Every Monday and Wednesday between two and three,” Kaelen pointed out.
“That doesn’t count,” Adrian retorted. “Most of the time she speaks to us in our language rather than that gibberish.”
“You know you’re asking to talk to mermaids in their language on your quest,” Jacobi teased.
“Oh no, they’re not sending me anywhere near water,” Adrian said.
“You’re digging yourself deeper,” George chuckled. “You should quit while you’re behind.”
The boys laughed and continued into the dining hall where supper was waiting. Conversation flowed easily between the friends as they were talked about the classes they hoped to have the next year. “I really hope I’m in dragon fighting. That just sounds like a lot of fun,” Kaelen said.
“Fun? You want a giant reptilian beast breathing fire down your neck?” Adrian asked.
“Hey, that dragon won’t get anywhere near me,” Kaelen retorted saucily. “I’m too quick. A dragon would be really slow because they’re so huge.”
“Obviously you weren’t watching the fairies very well when the princesses were here,” Lucian said. “Vulcan was moving like lightning and still missing sometimes.”
Kaelen scoffed, “Please, that was all part of the show. You’ll see. That dragon won’t know what hit him.”
“Tell us next year when you’ve actually fought it,” George replied. “I don’t think they’d let us actually be in any real danger though. After all, we do have to graduate in one piece, right?”
Everyone laughed. “I doubt the fairies would allow us to be dismembered. But at the same time, I bet Vulcan would hold out until the last possible second before jumping to our aid,” Adrian replied. “We have to learn somehow.”
After supper, Lucian went back to his homework. When he finally finished he stretched and Rusty came over to his side. “Hello boy. I bet you think I’m neglecting you,” Lucian said as he scratched Rusty’s favorite spot behind his ear. Rusty panted and looked perfectly content with the world. Lucian laughed. “Well, maybe neglect is too strong a word. Come on boy, I’ve got to write some letters, but I’m not doing it at the desk. I’ve been here too long.” He grabbed some paper and lay down on his bed, patting the spot next to him. Rusty jumped up onto the bed and circled around before lying down next to Lucian. Lucian scratched behind his ears again before beginning to write a letter to his parents. When that one was finished, he got a fresh page and started a letter to Allegra. He wrote:
Dear Allegra,
Sorry I didn’t write Monday. I had a lot of homework and I just completely lost track of the time. How are your classes going? Mine have been busy! They give us so much homework.
The rain finally stopped and all of the second year boys are finally well again. Seemed like forever! Nathan, the boy who locked us out, has finally lost his cloud too. He’s still sniffling and probably will be for a while. Anyway, enough about that. I wish you could see the grounds here. Fall looks so beautiful. The leaves have all turned and the forest behind the stables looks like it’s on fire! The air is crisp and smells of rain and earth.
Well, I hope this week goes great for you! I’m having a great time and have made so many friends I never would have met otherwise. I’m still not sure I’m cut out to be a Prince Charming, but I’ll do my best.
With Love,
Lucian
When he finished the letter, he suddenly felt the urge to write a letter to Moira. “What do you think, Rusty? If I write to her do you think I’ll be able to get to know more about her?”
Rusty looked up at him and woofed softly.
“You’re right, it’s worth a shot. After all,” Lucian said, scratching behind Rusty’s ears again, “what’s the worst that could happen?”

Fall slowly faded into winter and finals were looming before the boys again. The horsemanship and hunting finals were combined again as they had been the year before. Lucian looked at the row of nervous-looking first year students. He could hardly believe that was him last year. Of course, no one would have believed that Rusty last year was little more than a puppy at the final. This year, fully grown and trained, Rusty was among the better hunting dogs there. He still walked with a limp which Lucian was sure he would have for life.
Now Rusty went off exactly as he should. Lucian followed behind on Zephyr. They’d been training to hunt on horseback in horsemanship. Lucian wasn’t sure how Nathan would pass his final since he hadn’t been in class during their three week training session. But he didn’t think on it long. He had his own final to worry about. He guided Zephyr through the obstacles, following Rusty who had his nose planted to the ground and seemed to have caught scent of something. Rusty crept up to a bush and started baying. In no time, Lucian had a few pheasants in his bag. “Good boy, Rusty,” he said as he patted him on the head. He called Zephyr who immediately came and he hopped up, trying to do it without a stump. Sighing, he pulled Zephyr to the nearest log and gave himself a boost up. “Someday I hope I can do that on my own.”
When Lucian returned to where Diana and Phillipa were waiting, he was walking, leading his horse. “Lucian, you’ve had problems before but Zephyr’s never thrown you,” Phillipa said in surprise.
“He didn’t throw me. I just didn’t think I’d fit with the buck.”
“Bravo, Lucian,” Diana said with a smile. “Venison is always such a nice addition to our dinner the night of hunting finals.” She handed him a slip of paper with his scores on it. “Good work.”
He walked over to where Kaelen and Adrian were standing discussing their grades. “So, did you get an A this year?” Adrian asked.
Lucian opened the paper and his jaw dropped. “You didn’t get a P did you?” Kaelen asked.
“I got an E,” Lucian said, dumbfounded. “I have to be seeing things.”
Stuffing the paper in Adrian’s hand, Adrian skimmed it and whistled. “Wow, you really did awesome”
Lucian scratched Rusty’s ears. “You did it, boy.” Rusty just panted and seemed to smile as they waited for Jacobi and George to come out. When they joined the group they sat and talked until all the rest of their class and the first years had finished. Phillipa and Diana congratulated them on doing so well and Phillipa said. “Now is the time that the second years will remember from last year. We give out medals beginning in your second year for improvement and outstanding achievements.”
“I don’t remember that,” Lucian whispered.
“You left early last year, remember?” Adrian asked.
Lucian nodded and returned his attention to the fairies. “Our best improve-ment award goes to Lucian of Maltisten. Last year he had a puppy that couldn’t seem to follow even the most basic of commands,” Diana said with a smile as Lucian flushed. “Now he has a hunting hound worthy of his own skill.” She motioned for Lucian to come forward which he did reluctantly. “Congratulations Lucian on a job very well done,” she said as she pinned the medal to his jacket.
“Thanks,” he said.
Diana smiled and they continued through their medals.
Kaelen was recognized for his continued show of expertise in horsemanship. When they pinned the badge on, he looked almost nervous. “Am I allowed to leave this on?”
Phillipa laughed. “Yes, Kaelen. Those awards won at the school are to be a reminder on your uniform to help encourage you and the students younger than you.”
Beaming, Kaelen returned to the group. “Congratulations,” George said with a smile.
“Thanks.” They listened until the awards were finished before heading to the greenhouse for botany. Several of the boys were now sporting small medals on their uniforms. Each felt he was walking on air as they went to work with the plants preparing them for their final.
By the time classes were done for the day, Lucian couldn’t stop smiling. It had been a perfect day, despite the chill in the air. When he hung his jacket up in his closet, he couldn’t help but trace the edges of the medal he’d gotten. He thought about his dad; he should write to him and let him know. He grabbed a handful of paper and lay down on his bed, patting the side so Rusty would join him. Writing feverishly, he finished the letter home and then wrote to Allegra. Unable to stop himself, he then wrote a letter to Moira. So far, she hadn’t answered any of his letters; but he refused to give up. There had to be some way of getting to know her better. He also sincerely hoped that she hadn’t grown at all during the semester. He figured he’d grown about an inch judging by where his pant legs fell. That would make the height difference five inches rather than six; assuming that she had stayed the same height throughout the semester.
Looking at his clock, he realized it was almost time for supper. He walked outside to see George perusing a letter. George looked up. “Hey. Just waiting on everyone else. Mail came.”
“Thanks,” Lucian replied. He opened his mailbox and found a letter from his parents and one from Allegra. He opened the one from Allegra first.
Dear Lucian,
It’s always so good to hear from you! I know we don’t always get along at home, but I truly miss seeing you. School is going well. I’m not sure you could define me as a damsel in distress. I have a little too much spunk for that. But, I suppose they’ll find some way of taming me.
I’ve made lots of friends. Clarissa and I get along well and we’re friends with the twins in the age group above us. I think you know Eleanor and Leticia. They’re both really sweet. Everyone likes them.
Classes here are so different than at home. I really miss David, my art instructor at home. But, Rhianna is a really good instructor too. We’re only doing pastels right now. I miss my paint set so much; especially when I look outside and see all the beautiful colors. I just want to capture it! This morning it was snowing and so peaceful out, I couldn’t help but sketch it out during lunchtime. I sent it to you. What do you think of it?
Anyway, I’m glad to hear Rusty is doing so well. Let me know how your final goes. I bet you’ll be the best in your class!
With Love,
Allegra
Lucian finished reading the letter and looked at the peaceful sketch of the castle blanketed in snow, as Adrian and Kaelen emerged from their rooms. “We’re waiting on Jacobi now, huh?” Adrian asked.
“Actually, he said to go without him,” George said, folding his letter and putting it back in the envelope. “He’s not feeling well.”
“Is he okay?” Lucian asked.
George shrugged. “He said Tallia gave him some broth and ordered him to bed.”
“Well, I guess we’d best go ahead then,” Kaelen said. The boys walked downstairs after George and Lucian had put their letters away. They chatted about the final weeks of school and meeting their princesses again.
 “Have any of your other sisters returned home, George?” Lucian asked after a brief pause.
“Mom and Dad wrote that Camilla is getting married during winter break. Her prince set a record for our family. It was only a year and a half,” George replied. “The other two are still waiting for their Prince Charming to show up.”
“I know you told me once how many sisters you have, but how many have finished school and been rescued?” Kaelen asked.
 “Sarah, Naomi, Phyllis, Andrea, Tabitha and now Camilla have all finished school and been rescued. The first five are married now and Camilla’s waiting until I get home for break so I can be her ring bearer or something like that.” George rolled his eyes. “I’ve been a ring bearer five times already, you’d think my sisters would come up with something more creative. Anyway, Samantha just went out last spring and Susan has been out for three years now. Marissa graduates in two years.”
“How do your parents keep track of them?” Adrian asked.
“My dad bought each of my sisters has a locket with her name engraved on it and her birthstone. I think it’s so he’ll remember when their birthday is, but they tell me it’s because he loves them. Maybe it’s both. The sad thing is Dad had completely given up on having a son, so there’s a locket at home waiting for my princess.”
“Your dad bought you a locket?” Kaelen snorted.
“Hey, give him some credit,” he said. “He got it before I was born.”
“So, I guess the next question is do you and Eleanor have the same birthstone?” Lucian teased.
“Surprisingly enough, yes we do. She’s two weeks younger than me. So the birthstone will still help Dad remember her birthday.”
“I hope it doesn’t have a name engraved in it yet,” Kaelen said.
“No, Dad always waited until after the baby was born,” George smiled. “So, when Eleanor is officially part of the family, her name will be engraved on it.”

The boys were glad when finals were over and despite himself, Lucian actually looked forward to seeing Moira. The last day of term came and Lucian woke up to gentle flurries fluttering past his window. He got up and dressed quickly. He now had two medals on his jacket; one from hunting and one from fencing. Adrian had earned a medal in that class as well for showing the most improvement. Lucian was glad Adrian had been recognized for all the hard work he put in. Lucian had been thrilled when Adrian, being ambidextrous, was able to be his fencing partner; but also knew that learning left-handed was hard.
Arriving downstairs, he found his friends waiting. As the ladies entered the castle, Lucian kept an eye out for Moira and Allegra in hopes that he’d be able to talk to his sister. However, when Allegra spotted him and came closer with a bright smile, his heart plummeted to his shoes. “You grew,” he accused.
Allegra grinned that saucy smirk she always did when she outdid him. “I know. Medea had to teach me how to make flounces for my dresses because they were becoming embarrassingly short. What do you think of this one? I did it myself.”
She spun around for Lucian and he looked at the delicately embroidered ruffle she’d added to her favorite green gown. “It’s lovely, Allegra, but you’re taller than me.”
“I know, and I plan on enjoying it while I can. Adrian, it’s good to see you again,” she continued as Adrian stepped up behind Lucian.
Spying Moira, Lucian turned his attention to his princess. She was wearing a creamy yellow gown with the same lacey flounces he’d seen on his sister’s gown. As she came closer, he was grateful to see that she didn’t appear any taller. “Hello Moira.”
She flushed and nodded. There was awkward silence for a while before she said, “Thanks. For your letters I mean,” she continued when Lucian looked confused. “I, I enjoy hearing from you.”
“You’re welcome. I keep hoping that I’ll hear back from you.”
Stammering a little, Moira was saved from responding as Calista announced that breakfast was waiting for them in the dining hall. “After breakfast, we’ll have an assortment of games in the gym.” She continued speaking, making the same announcements as last year.
Lucian offered Moira his arm. She hesitated momentarily before accepting it and allowing him to escort her to the dining hall. Each table was set with flatware and steaming trays of food. After helping his princess to her seat, Lucian served first her plate and then his own. Conversation around the table was lighthearted. Kaelen had been dragged away by Esmé to sit with her friends. Leticia had convinced Nathan to sit with Eleanor and George. While Nathan wasn’t any better than normal, Leticia was a welcome addition to the table. Softer-featured than her sister, Lucian imagined that Leticia had the look of a nymph with her titian hair and fair, freckled complexion. Eleanor was darker-haired, with strands of red. Her face was childlike and youthful, with a spattering of freckles across her nose. Only in personality and eyes were they identical; sparkling green eyes that held joy and laughter.
When the meal was over, the students went to the gym. Like the year before the plain space had been transformed into a mystical, winter wonderland. Also like the previous year, Lucian allowed Moira to pick the games. “I have an idea,” Lucian said when they sat to yet another board game.
Moira looked at him suspiciously. “What’s that?”
“If you win, you get to ask me any question you want about me, where I’m from, or anything else. If I win, I get to ask you a question. The person answering has to give an honest answer,” he said. “That way we won’t be engulfed in silence like we were last year.”
She considered this. “Alright, winner asks a question. Loser has to answer. But you seem to forget, Lucian. I won every game last year,” she finished with a competitive edge to her voice.
“I’ll just have to play better then,” he retorted.
Smiling impishly she said, “You’ve got a deal.” They set up the pieces and Lucian paid closer attention than ever before. While they were wrapped in silence, Lucian didn’t feel uncomfortable at all. He matched Moira’s every move and as the game wound down, it would have been impossible to guess who the winner would be. “No!” Moira cried.
Lucian smiled. “Fair’s fair. Alright, I’ll go with an easy question first. Who’s older, you or Adrian?”
“Adrian is older than me by fifteen minutes. He used to call me his baby sister,” she added.
“Why did he stop?”
Moira shook her head. “You’re only allowed one question. Come on, let’s play again.”
Not willing to argue, Lucian reset the board. By the time the second and first year students were sent to lunch, Lucian had learned very little about Moira. He knew that Moira was the younger of the twins and that she often designed her own dresses. On the other hand, Moira had found out quite a bit about Lucian. He was left-handed, enjoyed fencing, often went to the beach with his father, and other tidbits. “She is ruthless,” Lucian told George as they were waiting for their turn in Calista’s office. “I’m telling you, I almost think she let me win those two games. All the rest of them were hers.”
“Hey, at least she’s starting to talk to you,” George replied.
“True. But I think she hesitates to get to know me. It’s like she’s scared of me,” Lucian said.
“Maybe she’s just not boy-crazy yet. Marissa didn’t start talking to her prince until last year. Now that’s all she talks about.” George imitated a high, girly voice. “Xavier is so handsome. Xavier sent me a letter about school. Isn’t Xavier wonderful?” Returning to his voice, “You have no idea how irritating it is. They’ve all hit that stage. I wonder how my parents have survived it!”
They laughed until Adrian came out of the office and said, “Your turn Lucian.”

After meeting with Calista, Lucian walked downstairs to wait for Moira. She still hadn’t had her meeting. While waiting, Lucian tried to engage her in conversation, but she seemed to have crawled back in her shell. As he looked around, he saw Esmé smirking at her. “Are you okay?” he asked.
“I’m fine,” she snapped.
Taken aback, he spied Allegra a little ways away. “Well, I’m going to go talk to my sister. If you need anything…”
“I won’t.”
Lucian walked over to Allegra, fuming. “It isn’t her fault,” Allegra whispered urgently.
“What?”
“Come on,” she said. She grabbed Lucian’s arm and pulled him farther down the hall where they wouldn’t be overheard. “Moira’s not talking to you, it’s not her fault.”
“What do you mean it’s not her fault?” he asked.
“Would you just be quiet and listen?” she demanded. “Look, Moira’s really sensitive about boys. I talk to her a lot at school because she’s friends with the twins and I’m friends with the twins so we all hang out together. I mean, I think Adrian’s really sweet and Eleanor absolutely loves George. We commiserate with Leticia because she’s got that oaf for a prince. Clarissa talks about Jacobi all the time. But Moira never talks about you. At least, not often. When she does, she acts like she’s said too much.”
“So, why has she stopped talking to me since she was fine this morning?”
“Before you came up, Esmé was teasing her dreadfully about liking you. She got really embarrassed.”
“Well, she’s supposed to like me. I’m her prince,” he said.
“Not necessarily. You don’t think Leticia actually likes Nathan do you?” she asked. “And I’ve heard some of the things Esmé has said about your friend Kaelen. Just because you’re destined to be together doesn’t mean you like each other.” She paused and Lucian considered what she was saying. “Look, I know it’s got to be frustrating, but just give her some space. Your job is to make her comfortable, not make things worse for her.”
Allegra walked away before Lucian could respond. Feeling like nothing he did was right, he kicked at the carpet. When that didn’t relieve his frustration, he walked downstairs and meandered the halls. Parents had been filtering in for a while and he wished his own parents were there. As though hearing his silent request, Lucian heard a voice call his name. “Mom!” he called and went to hug her.
“Hello, dear,” Alexandra said, kissing the top of Lucian’s head. “Looks like you’ve grown a little bit. We’ll have to get your hems lowered.”
Lucian beamed and then looked around for his father. “Where’s Dad?”
“Oh, milling about the hallways. So, I got your letter about the medals. Let me see them,” she said. As Lucian puffed out his chest so she could see the gleaming medals, she smiled. “I knew you’d do well. You’re so like your father.”
“Not always,” he admitted. “Dad always seems to know how to fix things and I’m afraid I just blunder them worse.”
“What makes you say that?” she asked, concern in her eyes.
“I’m just struggling a little with my princess, that’s all.”
“You’ll have to tell me more about it later. This isn’t quite the place for such a conversation. Where’s Allegra?”
Lucian led his mother upstairs and they arrived at the landing just as Melantha and Allegra walked out of Airlia Willowlimb’s office. “Mom!” Allegra cried, rushing to her mother’s outstretched arms.
“Oh, I’ve missed you so much,” Alexandra said. “How have you enjoyed school?”
“Better than I ever thought I would,” she replied.
Soon it was suppertime and Lucian went to find Moira. She refused his offered arm as they walked into the dining hall. Lucian tried not to feel frustrated, but it was difficult. It seemed that for every step he took forward, she pushed him back three. He was glad his parents were there and he spoke with them as they sat to eat. “You must be Lucian’s princess, Moira,” Alexandra said, taking Moira’s hand. “He tells us so much about you.”
She flushed, “I’m sure he exaggerates.”
“I doubt it,” Lysander replied. “Lucian is a terrible liar.”
Queen Lavinia seemed to have heard them talking and quickly engaged Alexandra in a conversation about Moira and her many gifts.
When supper was over, the friends parted, promising to write at least once during the month long break. Allegra and Lucian climbed into their parents’ carriage with them and began the long ride home to Maltisten.

Year 2 Chapter 3
Back to Table of Contents

During winter break, Lucian spent his time doing things with Allegra, working with Rusty and Zephyr on days it wasn’t too cold and practicing his fencing with his father in the large room his father had converted into a fencing hall. The walls were filled with shelves of swords and safety equipment as well as mirrors to allow those working in the room to watch their progress. As the month progressed, Lucian asked to work with the rapiers as well as his usual epée. “I don’t really have one built for your hands, son,” Lysander had pointed out.
Lucian wasn’t interested in whether the swords were built for him, though he knew that would make handling it easier. He just wanted to try them out. He borrowed one of his father’s rapiers and soon wished that his hands were not as small as they were. He looked at his father’s broad, strong hands and hoped that one day he would grow into the swords his father cherished. “How did you learn to fight with both hands?” he asked one day as they were putting their swords away. “I know you’re not left-handed.”
“Your grandfather insisted that I learn with both hands. He said, ‘You never know which hand your foe will fight with. If you can fight equally well with both hands, you’ll never lose.’ Someday I’ll start working with you right-handed.”
“Well, I hope I won’t disappoint you. I know how left-dominant I am.”
Lysander laughed, “Don’t worry son. You’ll catch on well enough. I suspect you’ll always be more comfortable left-handed. I’ve always favored fighting right-handed. It’s easier for me.”
 “Wouldn’t it be easier to just learn the one and not worry about the other?”
“It would, but being able to fight with both hands is a valuable asset, especially for a Prince Charming.”
Thinking of this, Lucian asked, “Dad, do you think I’m doing something wrong?” He explained the problems he’d had with Moira. “She’s really pretty and I kind of like her. I just don’t know how to get to know her better. Every time I think I’m close, she backs away from me.”
“I don’t know what to tell you son,” Lysander replied. “I didn’t really have to woo your mother. Ours was one of those once in a lifetime things. Love at first sight is very rare. Perhaps with time, Moira will come around. I suppose that’s why the fairies spend six years throwing you together.”
“What if she never comes around, Dad?” Lucian asked.
“Don’t worry about it son. You’re both young and you have much time ahead of you. Whether you see it or not, I’m sure in her heart, Moira thinks you’re handsome and even ‘kind of’ likes you.” Clapping his shoulder, Lysander continued, “Now, let’s see what your mother has arranged for lunch.”
They went to the dining hall where Allegra and Alexandra were already waiting. “Well, my dear, that took you long enough,” Alexandra teased.
“I apologize love, we lost track of the time,” Lysander replied, kissing her cheek before taking his seat at the head of the table.
After lunch, Lucian went to his room and started writing letters to his friends. As he was about to write to Moira, Allegra came to see if he’d play a game with her. Leaving the paper untouched, he decided he’d get back to it later. But as the day progressed, he soon forgot all about it.

The afternoon before they left, Lucian received a surprise letter from Moira. He opened it eagerly.
Dear Lucian,
I just wanted to write and say that I’ve missed hearing from you. I guess I got used to getting your letters every week. But I understand that you must be busy at home, catching up with your family. They seem very kind. Mother hasn’t stopped talking about your mother since we left. Could you tell her thank you for me? Mom has few friends.
I also wanted to apologize to you. I was very short with you and that wasn’t fair of me. I hope you’ll forgive me.
Well, that’s all I wanted to say. Enjoy the rest of your vacation.
Sincerely,
Moira
Unbeknownst to Lucian, Lysander had been looking over his shoulder. “I told you she’d come around,” he said, causing Lucian to jump.
“Yeah, I guess she was just having a bad day.” He reread the letter and then folded it neatly and put it back in its envelope. “Where’s Mom?”
“In the sewing room with Allegra,” Lysander replied.
Lucian went down the hall and into the sewing room. He could see Allegra standing on a box while Alexandra was hemming a new dress for her. “Do you like it?” Allegra asked.
Looking over the pale blue gown, he smiled, “It’s very pretty on you. Mom, I wanted to show you something. If you have a moment that is, I don’t want to interrupt.”
“Give me just a moment, darling,” Alexandra said through a mouthful of pins. “I’m almost finished.” Lucian sat down on a stool waiting. “There you are, dear, all finished. I must say that is a lovely color. I’m not sure I would have chosen it myself.”
Allegra spun in a circle so the skirt would fly around her. “It’s perfect. And no flounces!”
“Yet,” Alexandra chuckled. “Go on now, show your father and then get it packed for school.”
She seemed to float from the room as she spun this way and that.
Shaking her head, Alexandra turned her attention back to Lucian. “What did you want to show me?” He handed her the letter.“That’s very sweet of her. Where do they live again?”
“Lictthane. That’s only about three hours from here.”
“You’ve been paying attention in geography.”
“Orientation, Mom. Anyway, I thought you’d want to see that.”
“Yes,” she mused. “I might have to arrange a day trip to see her. Well, is there anything you need hemmed or patched up before you go back to school?”
Remembering his short pants, Lucian nodded and left the room, taking his letter with him. He placed the letter in his trunk before getting out his trousers. He took them downstairs to the sewing room where Alexandra was waiting. He stepped repeatedly behind the large screen in the corner as he changed into different pairs of pants for his mother to pin and hem. When she finished the last one she said, “I hope you don’t grow much more during the semester. I don’t think those can be rehemmed again. We’ll have to buy you new trousers for next year.”
“Well don’t say that too loudly,” he replied. “I may not grow at all.”
She laughed, “Darling, just because your father grew constantly from thirteen to sixteen doesn’t mean that everyone does. Why, I grew ten inches in one year and another three the next.”
“Really?”
“Yes,” she said, her gaze far away. “I went from being the shortest person in my class to the tallest within five months. And I didn’t stop growing there. Luckily there were a couple of other girls who also had late growth spurts. Flounces were very popular that year. I remember one girl who didn’t grow at all, but added flounces to her gown to make people think she had.”
Lucian laughed with his mother. “Well, maybe I’ll grow like you.”
“Oh I hope not, dear. How would we keep you in clothes? You can’t add a flounce to trousers.”
“I suppose not,” he said, instantly seeing in his mind a pair of pants with lacey flounces off each leg.
“Well, these are all done for you. Finish packing and then come to supper. We’re going to call it an early night because we have a long trip tomorrow.”
Lucian nodded and went to his room with his newly hemmed trousers. Secretly, he hoped he’d grow at least another inch during the spring term; two would be better. After neatly folding the pants and putting them in his trunk, he went to the dining hall for supper.
Very early the next morning, the group set out for Biberseth. Fair Damsels was only a few miles from Charming Academy and they had decided to drop Allegra off first. Lucian hugged his sister after going with her to take her horse to the stables. “I’ll see you in the spring.”
“Keep writing,” she commanded with a smile.
“You too,” he replied. He got back into the carriage with his parents and they rode the remaining miles to Charming Academy.
As always, Calista was waiting at the door for them. “Welcome back,” she said with a smile. “I trust you had a good break?”
“It was great,” Lucian replied with a grin.
“Excellent. Once you’ve put your horse in the stables, you can join us for supper. You’re right on time. You’re welcome to join us,” she directed to Lysander and Alexandra.
“I appreciate the thought but we have reservations in town,” Alexandra replied. When Calista merely nodded, she turned to Lucian. “Have a good semester love, and keep in touch.”
“I will Mom,” he replied, hugging her. “I love you.”
After hugging Lysander and watching them go, he went inside and joined his friends for supper. “How was your break?” George asked as he sat down at the table.
“Busy. Dad started teaching me rapiers because I wouldn’t quit pestering him,” Lucian replied.
“No wonder you’re so far ahead of the rest of us,” Jacobi laughed.
“Well, that’s not all I did. I worked with Rusty and Zephyr too. I just want to be at my best here.”
“No arguments here. If my dad was any good with a sword, I’d have him help me,” Jacobi said. “But I think there’s good reason he never needed to use it on his quest. He does okay with beginners, but even I’m starting to outmatch him.”
“I thought every prince needed to do fencing throughout school,” Adrian countered.
“It depends on your quest I guess. Dad finished fencing his third year. I’m guessing princes who are definitely going to use that go through school with it,” Jacobi shrugged.
“Yeah, my dad talked about having fencing but he also had double botany when he got to his later years here,” George said. “He had some kind of magical forest he had to battle through.”
“I would die if they put me in double botany,” Kaelen groaned. “I’m bad enough just once!”
Adrian laughed. “Well, we won’t have to worry about double anything until next year.”
The boys continued chatting until supper was over. When Lucian walked into his room, he looked over his schedule. The times really weren’t changing much from last semester.
Class Schedule
Day Time Class Teacher
Monday, Wednesday
8:00-9:30 Mathematics Marius Hawkeye
9:30-11:00 Fencing Raphael Peregrine
11:00-12:00 Lunch
12:00-1:00 Botany Russett Snapdragon
1:00-2:00 Hunting Diana Foxglove
2:00-3:00 Foreign Language Lorelei
3:00-4:00 Orientation Pagoma Snapdragon
Tuesday, Thursday
8:00-9:30 Horsemanship Phillipa Rosepetal
9:30-11:00 Physical Education Achilles Stardust
11:00-12:00 Lunch
12:00-1:00 History Clio Stormcloud
1:00-2:30 Etiquette Gelasia Stardust
2:30-4:00 Language Arts Airlia Willowlimb
Friday
8:00-9:30 Music Amadeus Comettail
9:30-11:00 Beginner’s Alchemy Aurelia Sundance
11:00-12:00 Lunch
12:00-1:30 Art Stefanos Stormcloud
1:30-3:00 Language Arts Airlia Willowlimb
On Thursday evenings, Astronomy will be taught from 8:00-9:30 by Uralia Moonbeam
 After checking his bag to make sure all his supplies were available, he decided to call it an early night.

Winter was mild that year, allowing them to go outside with hunting and horsemanship more often. Lucian enjoyed horsemanship more than ever. Zephyr was still too tall for him, but he was also a natural dressage horse. He went through the courses Phillipa set up with ease and grace. His only weakness was the proud streak which often made him go his own way. Lucian shook his head at the end of class one day and said, “We almost had that perfect, you know.”
Zephyr snorted and leaned into the place Lucian was scratching.
“Yeah, I know, you’re right and I’m wrong,” he laughed, continued to scratch Zephyr’s neck. “Well, next time could you be right in the way I tell you?”
Snorting again and munching happily on the carrot Lucian offered him, Lucian was sure Zephyr had just ignored him. He shook his head again and after making sure Zephyr’s coat gleamed, he had plenty of water, and his tack was polished and neatly put away, Lucian left the barn with everyone else to go the gym. On arriving, they were surprised to find the door closed and Achilles nowhere in sight. “Normally he’s waiting here for us,” Lucian commented.
“He’s probably inside,” Kaelen said, grabbing the doorknob. “Let’s go.”
When they walked into the gym, they saw Achilles sitting with Tallia in the corner of the gym. “What are you doing here?”
“It’s time for class,” Jacobi pointed out.
Tallia flushed and said, “Well, looks like you’re busy. I’ll see you later.”
Achilles looked unfazed and told the boys to start stretching. “Ten laps around the gym.”
“I bet he’s doing that because we caught him with Tallia,” Adrian whispered.
Lucian nodded but didn’t speak. He went through the stretches and started running around the gym. He had seen Tallia around the gym more and more often as the days progressed. He’d heard the older boys talking about how Achilles had been eying her for a while. “It’s only a matter of time,” one had said. Lucian couldn’t help but wonder, a matter of time until what?
When classes were over for the day, the boys decided to go outside with their homework. It was a mild February afternoon. There was a cool crispness to the air, but the sun was shining brightly, warming them as they sat around their favorite tree. “Spring’s almost here,” Adrian observed. “The grass is starting to look green again.”
“Wouldn’t it be great to have an early spring?” George agreed.
“We could certainly spend more time outside,” Lucian pointed out.
“Let’s just hope the fairies don’t overload us with homework this year,” Jacobi said.
“Yeah right,” Kaelen scoffed. “They always give us more homework when the weather’s nice. I think they do it on purpose.”
“You think they do everything on purpose,” George chuckled.
“Well, let’s head back inside. It’s getting a bit too nippy for me,” Jacobi admitted.
Everyone agreed and they walked back inside just in time for supper. Afterwards, they went into the commons and sat near one of the fireplaces just talking and laughing together. When Gelasia came in to remind them that they needed to get to bed, they tried to argue with her. She laughed, “Morning comes awfully early, gentlemen. You’ve already stayed up well past ten o’clock. Go to bed.” She then left them.
Reluctantly, Kaelen said, “I guess she’s right. We should head to bed.”
“Yeah,” George agreed with a yawn.
They walked up the stairs and into their own rooms. As Lucian crawled under the covers, he contemplated the day and everything that had happened until sleep silenced his thoughts.

The boys were surprised the next morning as they walked into the fencing classroom to find Vulcan standing at the door. “Where’s Raphael?” Jacobi asked.
“He’s taking care of a family matter,” Vulcan replied, his deep voice seeming to echo through the room. “I’m standing in for him.” He took roll and set the boys to work. “Don’t think for a moment that because Raphael isn’t here you’ve got the day off,” he said. “I’ve got explicit instructions and I am watching you.”
Under his fiery gaze, the boys picked up their lessons where they’d left off the day before. Lucian didn’t worry in this class; he knew he was equal to the challenge. But he also had the distinct impression that Vulcan was watching the class, looking for those who were succeeding and those who were struggling. Lucian supposed that Vulcan probably had some sort of say on who entered his dragon fighting classes and who didn’t.
When the class was over, the boys went to lunch, hoping to learn more about why their fencing master was gone. “I bet Honoria had her baby,” Jacobi said as they walked through the line. “It’s got to be about time, right?”
A hush fell over the room as Calista’s soft voice carried over the noise. “I have an announcement to make,” she said. “Raphael came just a few moments ago to inform me that their new daughter, Theodora Peregrin was born early this morning. Mother and baby are doing just fine, but he is taking the rest of the day off to be with his family. Your classes will continue as scheduled with Vulcan Firebrand standing in his place.”
As she sat down, a buzz of chatter sprang up. “I told you so.”
After lunch, the boys went outside to the greenhouse for botany. When the boys walked into the room, they were surprised to see the plants they’d been working with had disappeared. Instead they had rows of clay pots and several seed packets. “Russett, what are we doing?” George asked.
“You boys are getting a taste of gardening this month,” Russett replied. “I’ve had a rather large order of flowers made with the request that you boys plant them. So, with some help from Lucretia who will come in after you’re done each day, you’ll be growing flowers. Now, you need to get into groups of five. You have ten seconds to arrange yourselves before I start picking groups for you.” In no time, Lucian was surrounded by his friends. He continued, “Each group will be assigned a different type of flower. You will plant them, weed them, water them and see to all their needs. These are very special so don’t neglect them. You’ll disappoint someone you all know and love.”
“Who, Russett?” a freckled boy asked.
“That will be revealed later. For now, it’s time to get started! Potting soil is available over there,” Russett said pointing, “and everything else is in your area.”
“Did you do any planting last year, Kaelen?” Adrian asked.
“No, I just picked them,” he muttered.
“Guys,” Lucian laughed when they all looked miserably at the pots. “It’s not that hard. My dad gardens all the time; they always put the instructions on the back.” He picked up one of the seed packets. They were growing white garden roses. “Okay, first thing, we’re going to need bigger pots. These are way too small for rose bushes. Uh, Jacobi, why don’t you ask Russett if he’s got some bigger pots that we can use? Adrian, grab a bag of peat moss and George, you get the potting soil. Kaelen, help George; we’re going to need a lot of soil. I’m going to ask Russett about fertilizer.”
The boys accepted Lucian’s directions and soon they were back together with the largest pots Russett had available and everything that they could possibly need. They each filled their pots with soil and then groaned as Lucian told them to take two feet of the soil out and mix it with the peat moss. They watched Lucian put this mix back in and then poke an inch and a half deep hole in it. He gently placed a seed in and then started on the other pots. After Lucian had planted his seeds, the others did the same. They carefully watered each pot and then set them on a shelf nearest the windows. They watched another group put their pots nearby. “What are you growing?” George asked.
“Larkspur,” Mithulan replied. “You?”
“Roses,” Jacobi replied.
“There’s no way those will grow in a month. Roses take years to grow.”
“I know that, Jared,” Russett said from behind them. “That’s why Lucretia will be coming. She can bless the plants so that they’ll mature much faster.”
When class was over, the boys were dirty but satisfied with their work. As they were walking, they saw Lucretia heading towards the greenhouse. They avoided eye contact with her and instead focused on their own conversation. “I bet Lucian’s will sprout first,” Kaelen said. “He’s like an expert.”
 “My dad’s the expert. He even grows his own hybrid roses.”
“Well, Adrian’s no expert either,” George teased. “He had a hard enough time getting soil into the pot.”
Lucretia watched the tallest boy stick his tongue out at one of his friends. Wicked amusement flickered in her eyes. If a frog you wish to act, she thought, then a frog you’ll be. Until your princess releases you when it’s you she sees.
The boys didn’t notice Lucretia’s necklace glow, nor the faint red light that swirled around Adrian like a ribbon. Frustration caused Lucretia to stamp her foot. Her silent spells weren’t working like they used to. It was the Change; she could feel it altering her. She shrugged. While he wouldn’t change today, he would eventually. The magic glow around him proved that her spell had hit its mark. And even with that, she knew once the fairies found out they’d make her take the spell back. She wasn’t supposed to do magic on the boys unless she was called. But since when did a witch have to follow directions?

A knock at Calista’s door made her look up from her paperwork. “Come in,” she said.
“I’m sorry to interrupt you,” Diana said, “but I have a question for you.”
“That’s fine, I could use a break,” Calista replied with a smile. “What did you need?”
“Is Adrian being punished for something?”
“Adrian? Not that I know of, why?”
“He’s glowing. He’s been hit with some kind of spell, and I couldn’t imagine that he had done anything to warrant punishment.”
Concerned, Calista asked, “Is his behavior any different? Does he act like he’s under a spell?”
“That’s the strange thing and why I didn’t say anything to him,” Diana explained. “He’s acting as though nothing happened. He’s not a strange color, he doesn’t have any unusual tics, he’s just plain Adrian with a magic glow around him.”
“Thank you for telling me. I’ll speak to the Sisters about this and see if I can’t figure out what’s going on.”
Diana nodded and left the room. Calista sent a piece of lavender paper through the window. Soon the Sisters were in her office. “You called all of us, Calista. Is something wrong?” Althea asked.
“I’ve just been told that Adrian is glowing,” she said. “Is there a reason for that?”
Althea remained calm. “I’m afraid I’m not as familiar with your students as you are Calista. Who is Adrian?”
“One of my second year students,” Calista explained, pointing her wand at the blackboard behind her. The chalk sprang to life and began drawing Adrian’s portrait as she continued. “You wouldn’t be familiar with Adrian because he’s never in trouble.”
Lucretia giggled as the portrait finished. Everyone turned to look at her and Althea’s eyes darkened. “Do you have something to say, Lucretia?”
“That’s the frog prince,” Lucretia replied with a malicious smile.
“Frog prince?” Calista repeated. “Why? You know you are only to use your spells when you are called. You have breached not only my trust, but the trust of every parent with a child in this school and at Fair Damsels Academy. Do you realize the consequences which could arise from this?”
“You profess to teaching gentlemen,” Lucretia argued. “A gentleman does not stick his tongue out. It’s unsightly.”
“That is neither here nor there,” Calista replied. “Change him back.”
“She cannot,” Maeve interrupted. “It is written in the stars. His quest has been altered. There is nothing we can do at this point except wait and see.”
“There, you see,” Lucretia said as though this vindicated her.
Calista eyed Maeve. “Are you quite sure?”
“Oh positive,” she said. “I was looking just before receiving your summons. You see, Lucretia gets upset when a spell goes awry. I could tell something was bothering her and so I took to my charts. Adrian’s transformation will take three years, perhaps longer, to be complete. He probably won’t even notice for the next year and a half.”
“Maeve is never wrong about the stars, especially when we’re close to the Change” Calypso added. “I would believe what she has told you.”
“However,” Morghana rasped, “Lucretia must be dealt with. She has breached the trust of the fairies and broken our code by deceiving her Sisters. Althea, you know what must be done.”
For the first time since entering, Lucretia felt frightened. “You wouldn’t.” Althea turned towards her and merely held out her hand. “No,” she hissed. “I won’t give it to you.”
“You can give it willingly, or I can take it by force,” Althea replied. “It’s your choice.”
Lucretia’s eyes glowed and her hair billowed about her like a flame. “I won’t.” Her necklace glowed.
Althea closed her eyes and the ruby in her crown glowed, brighter and brighter each moment. The necklace rose slowly over Lucretia’s head as though invisible hands were playing tug-of-war with it. As Lucretia screamed in anger, Althea said, “You have chosen this. You are stripped of your powers for the next two months.”
“You can’t do this to me!” Lucretia sobbed. “I have to be able to care for my herbs!”
“You’ll do so as a mortal would,” Althea replied. “Maeve will take your place in botany blessing the student’s flowers.”
As Lucretia cried, Calista asked, “Isn’t that a bit harsh? You and the others will have to take on her duties.”
“As you said, she has breached the trust of many. Her punishment may have been shorter if she had willingly given up the necklace. She is young and vain and must learn this lesson,” Althea explained. “However, I believe you have things you need to do, so we will bother you no longer. I’m sorry for this misunderstanding, but have faith that it will turn out alright in the end.” She stood and the others followed her, Lucretia weeping. “Enjoy the rest of your day.”
Calista could still hear Lucretia’s anguished cries as she sent messages to all the fairies on staff and a longer note to Lorelei explaining the situation. When they had gathered in her office, she said, “We have a bit of a problem. Adrian is quite slowly turning into a frog.”
There was a barrage of voices until Calista raised her hand for silence. “I don’t understand,” Airlia said when Calista motioned towards her. “Why is he being punished? Adrian’s such a good boy.”
“There’s been a slight hiccup with the Sisters which has already been dealt with,” Calista replied. “However, in talking to them, I feel it would be best not to say anything to him at present. Human eyes can’t see the glow of magic, therefore it will be some time before he or his peers notice anything.”
“Shouldn’t he be told?” Achilles asked. “This will affect his ability to do his quest.”
“Exactly,” Gelasia said before Calista could explain. “He will see this as leading to imminent failure. He must continue on as though nothing has happened if we are going to be able to teach him all that he needs to succeed on his quest. That is the only way he’ll be able to succeed. Imagine someone telling you that you were going to eventually turn into a frog and yet you still have to make a girl fall in love with you. Even you wouldn’t be up to the challenge. No, Calista’s right. We mustn’t tell him yet.”
“For now,” Calista continued when Gelasia had finished speaking, “there will not be any changes made to his schedule. It would be unnecessary and raise his suspicions. I just hope that none of you will mention to this to him. As Gelasia said, it would destroy his own confidence in his abilities. I believe if we do everything we can to make this an easy transition for him, that he will be able to make his quest work. Perhaps not in the way we planned it, but to a happy ending nonetheless.”

Year 2 Chapter 4
Back to Table of Contents

Winter melted into spring with bright sunshine and cool, refreshing breezes. The flowers the boys had been growing in botany were growing beautifully. Lucian couldn’t help a sense of pride in his rosebushes; though he had noticed with some confusion that not a single bush had thorns on it. He shrugged and put the thought behind him as he pruned it and breathed in the delicate fragrance. He looked about the greenhouse. There were white rosebushes, bright blue larkspur, delicate forget-me-nots, and irises ranging from bright blue to darker blues.
“They are lovely, aren’t they?” Russett asked, noticing Lucian’s line of vision.
“Yeah. I think I know now why Dad spends so much time in his garden,” he replied.
Russett laughed, “My mother always said they bring peace to the soul.”
When the boys were sitting at supper, Calista got up and made an announcement. “As you all remember, this weekend is when we will meet with our princesses. However, due to special circumstances, the meeting will be held at Fair Damsels. We will leave the castle promptly at seven thirty.”
“Why do you think we’ll be going to their school?” Kaelen asked. “They always come here.”
George shrugged, “I’m sure we’ll find out soon enough.”
He was prevented replying by Russett appearing at his shoulder. “Can I speak to you after supper? Come meet me in the greenhouse,” he said, handing Kaelen a deep red piece of paper.
“Am I in trouble?”
“No, you’re not in trouble. I just need to talk to you,” Russett replied. “After supper is fine.”
“What do you suppose that’s about?” Lucian asked.
Kaelen shrugged. “Maybe I forgot to water my rosebush.”
After supper, Kaelen walked outside to the greenhouse. When he walked in, Russett was arranging flowers the boys had grown. “I hope you finished eating before coming,” Russett said, barely looking up from the arrangement he was working with.
“Yeah, I did,” he replied. “What did you need to talk to me about?”
“I have a secret for you. I had to beg Calista to let you in on this,” Russett began. Kaelen listened eagerly. “As I’m sure you’ve observed, Tallia and Achilles are very close.”
Feeling very disappointed, he said, “Yeah, so?”
“So, they’re getting married Saturday. That’s why we’re going to be going to Fair Damsels. Tallia’s sister works there. Now, I’m sure you can imagine that a wedding needs lots of flowers.”
Kaelen was starting to feel suspicious. “I’m still not sure why you need me.”
“You’re the only other person in this school who knows how to arrange flowers,” Russett explained. “I’d like you to help me create the flower arrangements for the tables and specifically for the trellis they’ll be married under. All of the flowers that were grown by your classmates and some that I’ve been growing are going to be used for this. Are you up to the challenge?”
The tone in Russett’s voice raised the competitive streak in Kaelen’s nature. “Absolutely.”
“Excellent. Every evening after supper we’ll work on the arrangements. I can keep these fresh until the special day comes. Ready to start?”
“Yeah,” he said, feeling anticipation build in him. He hadn’t told anyone, but he’d missed working with the flowers and their month of gardening had been a welcome relief to him. He looked at the whitewashed trellis for a while and then knew exactly what he was going to do.

Saturday morning, the boys went to Fair Damsels Academy. Most of them had never been there. Lucian had been outside, but had never gone inside the castle. In the early morning sunlight, the gray stones seemed to shimmer. The grounds were similar to those of Charming Academy. As they arrived, Melantha greeted them with a smile. “Welcome to Fair Damsels Academy,” she said as they entered. “Please, find your princess and have a seat for breakfast.”
It didn’t take long for Lucian to find Moira. She was head and shoulders above her peers. He didn’t say anything to her about the fact that there was now a second layer of ruffles on her skirt and she had widened the gap of their height difference. He hoped most sincerely that he would have a growth spurt soon. He didn’t think he could live with having a princess who towered over him forever. “Hello Moira. You look nice today.”
“Thanks,” she said. “I enjoyed your last letter.”
He pulled from behind his back a single white rose from one of his rosebushes. “As promised,” he said, handing it to her as she blushed.
She smelled it and smiled. “Thank you. But, how did you get all the thorns off? I’ve never seen a rose with no thorns.”
He shrugged. “I really don’t know. None of my bushes had any thorns.”
“How unusual,” she said as they walked together into the dining hall.
As they walked, Lucian looked around. “It’s very pink here,” he found himself saying aloud.
 “I don’t really like it much either,” she laughed, referring to the pink décor. The first weekend I was able to get to town I bought new bedding to replace all the pink in my room.”
“Really?” he asked, surprised at this revelation. Moira never spoke of herself.
She nodded and they sat down at a table. Soon all of their friends were gathered; except Kaelen who was being pulled to the table Esmé had set up with her friends. Conversation was fast flowing and breakfast seemed to fly. Serving maids scurried between the tables and the kitchens, bringing refills as necessary and clearing plates nearly as fast as they were being used. As one flitted by, she looked vaguely familiar, but he didn’t have time to think on it as he was pulled back into the conversation.
When breakfast was finished, Melantha rose and announced that everyone would be reconvening outside. “We have a very special occasion to celebrate.”
Kaelen got a look on his face that plainly read he knew something the others didn’t. “What special event?” Adrian asked him. “And don’t try to tell me you don’t know.”
“I haven’t the faintest idea,” Kaelen replied nonchalantly. “And if I did, do you think I’d be allowed to tell?”
“In other words, you do know, you’re just not telling,” Lucian laughed as they walked outside. When he looked ahead of himself, he gasped. Over the door was a giant floral swag with roses, larkspur and forget-me-nots, trailing down in ferny tendrils around the doorframe. The railings of the stairs were similarly decorated with garlands wrapped about them. There were rows of chairs set up, some already filled by fairies. Ahead was a trellis, lavishly decorated with climbing white roses and blue morning glory. The top of it was covered in greenery and fragrant flowers Lucian recognized from class. Underneath the trellis, Achilles stood nervously rubbing his ankle with his foot. Instead of the normal loose attire he wore in gym, he was wearing a fresh, white doublet and formal trousers.
As they arrived to their seats, the students didn’t sit. In the row in front of him, Lucian saw Honoria and Raphael standing together. Cradled in Raphael’s arms was a tiny baby, her eyes closed in sleep as the breeze played with a tuft of aqua hair. He saw a look of tenderness on Raphael’s face that he’d never seen before. Honoria whispered something to Raphael which made him smile as they turned their attention to the couple coming down the aisle. Lucian also turned and saw the fairy king and queen walking towards the trellis, their silver crowns sparkling in the light. The queen wore a long gown that matched her pale green eyes. The king wore white, which made a stark contrast to his bright blue hair which was pulled half back. When they reached the trellis, the queen was seated in a large silver throne which Lucian was quite sure hadn’t been there a moment ago. She soon rose again as Tallia emerged from the castle. She had never looked more beautiful. Her turquoise eyes sparkled as she walked, carrying the bouquet Russett had arranged from the boy’s flowers. Her normally loose flowing hair was curled into a crown, wreathed in flowers with blue ribbons trailing down her back. The light turquoise gown she wore shimmered in the sunlight with every step she took. When she reached the trellis everyone was seated.
The fairy king welcomed them. “Today is indeed special. The spring equinox so joyously celebrated in the form of a wedding; the beginning of a new step in the walk of life. When earth is in balance with time and nature, everything seems more beautiful. A marriage must likewise be balanced, with love, laughter and life.”
He continued for a long time, talking about the joys of marriage and the hardships. Lucian tried to pay attention, but it was such a beautiful day and the scent of flowers was making him feel drowsy. When the king held Achilles and Tallia’s hands together, he focused more. “A union of hands, a union of hearts. Achilles Stardust, do you before these witnesses promise to walk through the seasons of life with this woman? To walk through the newness of spring and the harshness of winter? The storms of summer and the harvest of autumn?”
He looked directly into Tallia’s eyes and smiled. “I promise.”
“Tallia Robinwing, do you before these witnesses promise to walk through the seasons of life with this man? To walk through the newness of spring and the harshness of winter? The storms of summer and the harvest of autumn? To leave behind the name of childhood and take on yourself the name of your husband?”
Tears glittered in her eyes as she replied, “I promise.”
“I pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss your bride, Achilles,” the king said with a smile.
A cheer rose as Achilles kissed Tallia tenderly. They turned as the king announced them and soon people were rising from their seats to congratulate the new couple. Tears were in so many girls’ eyes that Lucian decided that it was a girl thing to cry at weddings.
Luncheon was soon served out on the lawn, tables appearing out of nowhere and the chairs that had once been in neat rows, now surrounding them. The friends sat together and chatted cheerfully as they ate. “Doesn’t Tallia simply look radiant?” Eleanor asked brightly.
“I love her hair,” Allegra agreed. “I’m going to do my hair like that when I get married.”
The girls were soon off and running with the wedding topic; except Moira who sat looking nervously thoughtful. “Are you okay?” Lucian asked her.
“I’m fine,” she replied, trying to soften the sharpness of her tone with a smile. “Just thinking,” she added when Lucian continued to look at her.
“You look upset, that’s all.”
“That’s ridiculous,” she scoffed, though her cheeks reddened. “Why would I be upset? We just watched a gorgeous wedding and it’s a beautiful day.”
“Alright, I was just concerned.”
“You needn’t be. I’m perfectly fine.” She spent the rest of the meal ignoring him.
A small band of fairies began playing instruments in a soft, romantic tune. Achilles led Tallia to the center of the garden. Lucian never would have believed their gym teacher could be so graceful. The couple floated across the grounds, twirling and dipping as though swayed by the wind. When the song ended and a new one began, other fairies and some of the older students joined the dance. Honoria and Raphael twirled about, taking turns holding Theodora. She giggled as they spun her and held her close.
After another hour of merrymaking, it was time to leave. They watched Achilles and Tallia leave in a white phaeton, Tallia waving out behind them. “Where are they going?”
“Well, they certainly aren’t going to honeymoon at the academy,” Calista replied, though no one seemed to remember her being behind them. “For the next two weeks you won’t have physical education and Selena will be running the infirmary in Tallia’s absence. I’m sure you’ll miss them.”
“We’ll definitely miss Tallia,” Kaelen agreed when Calista had moved on to the front of the group. “But I’m not so sure about Achilles.”
Lucian nodded. He said goodbye to Moira who merely nodded and walked away, the same slightly sulky expression he’d seen at their first meeting. He sighed. He’d been trying so hard, but she always backed away from him. The most frustrating part was that he had no idea why.

It seemed like no time at all before the boys were studying for finals. Tallia and Achilles returned, and physical education classes resumed. They spent most of their evenings enjoying the beautiful sunshine and spring weather while going over pages and pages of notes. They practiced fencing in the yard with sticks rather than their swords as Raphael absolutely forbade the use of their weapons outside of class. One afternoon, the boys went out to the stables to practice for their dressage final. Phillipa was running out just as they were nearing the doors. “Boys, I’m afraid you can’t ride right now.”
“But we need to practice for the final,” Adrian said. “We’ll stay out of your way.”
“I’m sorry boys, I don’t have time to explain, but you cannot ride right now,” Phillipa said. Without another word, she rushed to the castle.
“Let’s go see what happened,” Kaelen said.
“No,” Adrian replied, grabbing Kaelen’s sleeve. “She looked worried. We shouldn’t go in.”
Kaelen looked ready argue but Lucian interrupted, “Come on, Kaelen, we’ll come back after supper. There will still be enough light for a couple hours of work with the horses.”
Reluctantly, Kaelen turned to follow them. He watched as Tallia, and a few other fairies followed Phillipa to the barn. The others grabbed his arms and steered him into the castle. “I’m sure if it’s something that concerns us, Phillipa will tell us tomorrow.”
But the boys didn’t have to wait that long. When they went to supper, they saw an older boy hobbling through the line on crutches, Tallia carrying a tray for him. He looked absolutely miserable and Lucian had a bad feeling it wasn’t because of the injury to his leg.
After dinner, the boys went out to the stables. Phillipa was speaking with Diana in low tones. “Um, Phillipa?” Lucian said.
“Yes?”
“We, uh, we were wondering if we could practice for our final now, with our horses?” he asked. He was fairly sure she was going to tell him no.
A sad look passed over her face. “Lucian,” Phillipa paused. She looked at Diana who touched her arm gently. She then turned back to Lucian and sighed, “Yes, you may, but not in the indoor arena. There was an accident and, well, we haven’t been able to remove the body yet.” When the boys’ eyes widened she continued, “It’s not a student. It was his horse. He was practicing for his final too, but took the jump at the wrong moment. There was nothing we could do for Duchess except ease her passing.”
“Is he going to be okay?” Jacobi asked.
“Rodrick’s leg is broken and I imagine his spirit as well, but he will recover both.” Phillipa smiled gently. “Now, if you’d like to use the outdoor circle, I can have it set up while you get your horses.”
Kaelen nodded and followed his friends into the barn. He couldn’t resist the urge to look into the indoor arena. Lying against the sand was a pure white mare, an arrow sticking up from her chest. He shuddered, knowing the accident could have been much worse. They could have lost Rodrick too. But he wished that somehow they could have saved the long-legged mare. He went to Lightning’s stall and put his tack on before leading him outside to the dressage circle.
The boys were quiet as they went through the dressage movements they’d been learning that semester. As the light began to dim, Phillipa called to them, “Alright boys, it’s time to go in.”
They led their horses back inside. Lucian scrubbed Zephyr down, removing the sheen of sweat glistening on his sides and brushed him for far longer than was necessary. “I know we’re not always friends,” he said as he poured oats into Zephyr’s trough, “but I love you all the same.”
Zephyr whickered softly and nuzzled Lucian’s hair. His big brown eyes seemed to say that he loved Lucian too.
“I know boy, I know,” he said, rubbing Zephyr’s forehead. “I’ll see you in the morning.”

The finals passed quickly and the day soon came for their final meeting with the princesses for the year. Similar to winter semester, the boys had individual meetings with Calista, this time with their parents so they could discuss the changes that would be occurring the following year. While Alexandra was meeting with Melantha and Allegra, Lucian and Lysander sat in Calista’s office. “You’ve done very well this year,” Calista began, smiling at Lucian. “Next year, however, will be different. You will begin your specialty classes which will build the foundation for your quest. On Monday and Wednesday, you will have your regular classes with the rest of your classmates. Mathematics, language arts, that sort of class. Tuesday and Thursday will be your specialty classes and Friday will continue to be a day for fine arts. However, even in those classes there will be differences. You will find yourself in much smaller classes as your peers go through different training. Some of your classes may even be one-on-one instruction with your instructor. You may not have that next year, but as the years progress, your coursework will become more individualized. Don’t believe for a moment that things are going to get easier, Lucian; they are only going to become more challenging. Your class days will become longer as you must fit more courses into the day. I’m sure that you are up to the challenge. You are a very bright boy.”
“So, am I going to get my schedule now?” he asked.
She laughed. “Yes, Lucian, I’ll be giving you a copy of your schedule and your supply list for next year. I hope you have a wonderful summer. King Lysander, any questions?”
“No, I think you covered everything,” he smiled.
“Very well, Lucian here’s your schedule. Again, have a great summer. Oh, and before I forget,” she stood and pinned a small badge to Lucian’s chest. “For successful completion of two years at Charming Academy.” She smiled as he beamed up at her. “Now, please send Jacobi and his parents in.”
When Lucian got to the hall, Adrian was waiting impatiently. “Okay, I want to see if we have any of the same classes. I keep hoping someone will commiserate with me.”
Lucian opened his schedule.
Class Schedule
Day Time Class Teacher
Monday,Wednesday
8:00-9:00 History Clio Stormcloud
9:00-10:00 Physical Education Achilles Stardust
10:00-11:00 Mathematics Marius Hawkeye
11:00-12:00 Lunch
12:00-1:30 Language Arts Airlia Willowlimb
1:30-3:00 Etiquette Gelasia Stardust
3:00-4:00 Foreign Language Lorelei
4:00-5:00 Orientation Honoria Peregrine
Tuesday, Thursday
8:00-9:30 Spell Breaking Althea
9:30-11:00 Horsemanship Phillipa Rosepetal
11:00-12:00 Lunch
12:00-2:00 Double Fencing Raphael Peregrine
2:00-4:00 Double Botany Russett Snapdragon
4:00-5:30 Dragon Fighting Vulcan Firebrand
Friday
8:00-9:30 Inter. Alchemy Aurelia Sundance
9:30-11:00 Music Amadeus Comettail
11:00-12:00 Lunch
12:00-1:30 Art Stefanos Stormcloud
1:30-3:00 Hunting Diana Foxglove
3:00-4:00 Language Arts Airlia Willowlimb
4:00-5:00 Foreign Language Lorelei
 On Monday evenings, Astronomy will be taught from 8:00-9:30 by Uralia Moonbeam

“Dang, I was hoping you’d have physical education with me Friday afternoon. Ugh! I can’t believe I have that on Friday. That’s just not fair,” Adrian complained.
“It could be worse; I’ve got foreign language Friday afternoon.”
Lysander put a comforting hand on each boy’s shoulder. “This is to help you with your quest. You may not see it now, but I’m sure as you’re on your quest, it’ll make sense to you.”
“Explain amphibian studies to me,” Adrian muttered.
Laughing, Lysander led the boys downstairs. “Come on, your princesses are waiting on you.”
At the bottom of the stairs, Allegra and Moira were chatting while Alexandra and Lavinia were discussing something else. As the gentlemen joined them, Alexandra asked, “What do you think dear?”
“If I knew what you were talking about, I could give a very good thought,” Lysander teased.
“Lavinia was telling me that she grew up by the ocean and hasn’t been to the beach in years. I proposed inviting her and her children to spend a few days with us at the castle on the beach. You and the boys could go camping. We could go shopping,” she explained. “What do you think?”
“Sounds like you’ve got everything planned beautifully, my love,” he said. “You arrange the details and I’ll say yes.”
They walked together into the dining hall which was filled with people. The boys watched Rodrick hop across on his crutches to receive his quest, looking somewhat better than he had before. It would be some time before he would be able to begin his quest. His leg was still healing from the breaks. Calista announced, “Normally, a prince is given only five years to complete his quest. During an unfortunate accident, Rodrick broke his leg and it will be months before it is healed. In consideration of this, the fairy council has granted Rodrick an extra year in which to complete his quest in order to allow him the time to heal physically and revitalize his strength. Use that year wisely, Rodrick.”
When the ceremony was over, the two families slowly walked out to their carriages. Moira had been very quiet and Lucian decided to try once more to engage her in a normal conversation. “So, you and your family will be visiting this summer. Do you like the beach?”
“I don’t really know,” she admitted. “I’ve never been to the beach. What’s it like?”
“Maltisten is beautiful in summer. The ocean surf is aqua blue and the sands are warm and inviting,” he said. “What’s Lictthane like?”
Moira faltered for a moment. “It’s really pretty,” she said at length.
He asked, “Do you know when you’ll be coming out?”
 “No, Mother never tells me the details. She always saves it for a surprise.” She smiled. “It’s like she thinks of everything as a present.”
As they arrived at the stables, Adrian said, “I can’t wait to see you this summer!”
“Me neither,” Lucian smiled. Just before he got in the carriage, Moira’s voice made him turn.
She ran up next to him. “Please write to me this summer.” Then as though afraid she’d sounded too anxious, she finished, “If you want to that is. You don’t have to.”
Lucian smiled. “I’ll write if you will.”
Moira hesitated, then held out her hand. “Deal.”
They shook hands and Lucian got in the carriage. This was going to be the best summer ever

Year 3 Chapter 1
Back to Table of Contents

Alexandra had arranged for Lavinia and her family to come in early July. Lysander told Lucian he and Adrian could ride out to the beachside castle ahead of the rest. Zephyr and Stardancer seemed to catch the boys’ eagerness, racing against the wind towards the beach. As they neared the small summer castle, they slowed the horses. Zephyr tossed his head eagerly.
Upon reaching the small castle, the boys dismounted and took their tired horses to the stable. It was refreshingly cool inside. They scrubbed the horses down and brushed them until their coats gleamed. Ensuring they had plenty of grain and water in their troughs, the boys put away their tack and grabbed their bags. They walked up to the castle doors and walked in.
“So, where do we stay?” Adrian asked.
“That’s the best part of arriving first. We get first pick! The only room off-limits is the master bedroom.” Lucian dashed down the hallway to his favorite room. It was decorated in greens and blues, reminding him of the ocean surf. The best part of the room was he had the best view in the entire castle. After setting his bag on the bed, he found Adrian standing outside his door, still holding his bag. “Come on, I’ll show you around.” He led Adrian through the castle, showing him the rooms. Adrian chose the bedroom next to Lucian’s which had a similar oceanic theme and lovely view.
Just as he did, they heard Allegra’s voice in the hallway. “We can get the best rooms, if the boys haven’t stolen them already.” She stopped in front of the room Adrian and Lucian were in. Her eyes narrowed. “I should have known.” Then she shrugged and smiled. “Oh well, there are plenty of other rooms. Come along, Moira.”
That afternoon, everyone went to the beach. Lucian tried to be content staying in the shallows with Adrian, but the ocean surf seemed to beckon to him. “Go ahead and swim, Lucian,” Adrian said.
Lucian smiled and stroked out to the deeper water. How he loved to swim! He remembered the first time he’d ventured into the deeper water, his dad holding his hands and pulling him as Lucian kicked his little legs. He’d never understood Allegra’s fear of the water. It was so cool and inviting. He dove under the water, the glass goggles allowing him to see the underwater utopia. Fish darted between rocks and plants. Sunshine rippled through the waves, brightening the ocean floor where shrimp scurried and starfish patiently waited. He came up for air and then swam back to where Adrian was splashing in the shallows. “You sure you won’t go out?”
“Yeah, I’m sure,” Adrian replied.
Lucian shrugged and then walked up to the beach, shaking the salt water out of his hair. He grabbed his towel and walked to where Allegra and Moira were sitting. He saw Moira looking longingly at the water. “Moira, do you want to go for a swim?”
“Oh, yes, you must,” Allegra said. “It’s so selfish of me to keep you up here. Please, go swim.”
“If you’re sure,” Moira said, rising slowly.
“Yes, go enjoy the water. Lucian will keep me company while you’re away.”
“Here, you can borrow my goggles. Salt water stings horribly,” he said, holding them out.
Moira took them hesitantly. “Um, how do you use these?”
Lucian helped her get the goggles on and adjusted them under her ponytail. “There, you’re all set.”
Smiling, she went out into the water. Lucian watched her go and Allegra quickly noticed the look on his face. “So, just how much do you like her?”
“What?” he asked, blushing. “I, I don’t like her. I mean, she’s nice and all, but…”
“Oh yes, she’s very nice,” she interrupted impishly. “And she’s pretty, and talented…”
“And tall!” he exclaimed miserably. “If I don’t grow soon she’ll be a foot taller than me.”
“Oh rubbish,” she scoffed. “You’re not that short.”
“Easy for you to say; you’re five six.”
Allegra just smiled. They sat in silence for a while. “Moira does like you, you know.” When Lucian looked at her, disbelief clear on his face, she continued, “She does. I can tell. I know you can’t see it. You’re falling for her tricks. I don’t know why, but she doesn’t want you to know. She likes you as much as you like her. Maybe more. You’ll see.”
Instead of responding, Lucian looked out over the waves. He could see Moira swimming out where he’d been earlier. Maybe Allegra was right and she was just hiding her feelings. But why?
Lucian’s thoughts were interrupted as Alexandra said it was time to go in for supper. “I’m sure Cook has a fabulous meal waiting for us and we know she hates to let it get cold.” Lucian helped gather the towels and baskets they’d brought with them from the castle. He walked with Adrian talking about the campout they’d be going on the next day. As they walked, his only disappointment was that no one had remembered his birthday. Granted, he’d had a wonderful time swimming and playing. He’d even found a few new shells for his collection. But it would have been nice if someone had remembered. Even Alexandra had said nothing and she never forgot.
They put their things away before going into the dining hall. Lucian gasped as he walked in. There were streamers and ribbons everywhere and a huge cake that he was sure Cook had spent all day on sitting in the middle of the table. “Happy birthday, darling,” Alexandra said, kissing his cheek. “You didn’t think we’d forgotten did you?”
“You tricked me,” he accused with a smile. He went to his seat and they began eating their supper which was placed wherever it would fit around the large, four-layer cake. It was decorated with blue frosting, accented by frosting seashells. On top were fifteen small candles, not yet lit. Even having not tasted it yet, he could tell it was his favorite. The vanilla and lemon tickled his nose while they ate the rest of their meal. There was laughter and chatting as plates were cleared and dessert plates set. Lysander lit the candles. “One for each of your fifteen years. Make a wish, son.”
Lucian considered the candles for a short while before blowing them out. As the others cheered and smoke curled around the blackened wicks, he sincerely hoped that his wish would come true.

Early the next morning, Lysander woke Adrian and Lucian so they could head out for their campout. They packed their bags, bows and a quiver of arrows before going to the stables and tacking up. Alexandra was up with them in a dressing gown, her long, red hair curling about her shoulders. “I hope you boys have a wonderful time. We’ll miss you.”
“I’m sure you’ll find lots to occupy yourself my love,” Lysander teased.
“I never said I wouldn’t,” Alexandra retorted with a smile. She stood on her tiptoes to kiss him before saying, “Do have a good time.”
“We will love,” Lysander said. “Enjoy the shops.”
She hugged Lucian and even Adrian. She waved as they mounted their horses and rode away.
When they were out of sight of the castle, they spurred their horses. Salty sea air whipped past their faces as they rode. As they reached the campsite, Lysander motioned to slow down. Zephyr tossed his head. “Hey,” Lucian said. “I thought you’d be tired after that run.”
Zephyr snorted impatiently as though to say he wasn’t in the least bit tired, though his sides heaved with each breath.
Lucian laughed as they dismounted and tied the horses to a post. They set up camp and went to the beach, spending long hours in the sunshine. Lucian spent some time swimming. He wore his goggles and searched the ocean floor for seashells. He found several, but the best was finding a rare clam shell. He picked it up and examined it under the water, it was only one half. Cupping it in his hand where it wouldn’t get direct sunlight, he swam back to shore.
“Find any good ones?” Lysander asked as Lucian went to the small bag he kept his new seashells in until he could take them home.
“Yeah, I found a sunset clam,” he said excitedly.
“Are you sure?” Lysander asked. He looked into Lucian’s cupped hand. “Well, wrap that one twice to keep it out of the sun. Congratulations son, you’ve been looking for that one for quite a while.”
Adrian looked at the shell too. “That’s cool. How do you find them?”
“Well, I always look in the water, but sometimes you can find shells washed up on the shore. This one though reacts with sunlight and fades, the colors turning dull. That’s why I have to keep it wellwrapped.”
“I guess I’m never going to find one then,” Adrian laughed. “I wouldn’t be able to stay underwater to find it!”
In the late afternoon, they went to the small woods nearby, bows and quivers ready. As the sun was setting over the aqua waves, they cooked their catches over a fire.
“I’m surprised, Dad,” Lucian said at one point. “Normally you catch more.”
Lysander laughed. “I’m not perfect, Lucian. Even I miss occasionally.” He turned the spit thoughtfully. “Besides,” he added with a mischievous grin, “perhaps I was just letting you and Adrian get them.”
“Whatever,” Adrian laughed. “We’re getting pretty good.”
“Yes you are,” Lysander replied. “The fairies have taught you well.”
“You too, Dad,” Lucian added, not letting Lysander leave himself out. There was a distant expression on the king’s face which troubled Lucian. When Lysander looked at him, he tried to search his face, looking desperately for a reason for him to look into the fire that way.
“Ah, my son, I believe you are biased.” He soon turned the conversation to other things and Lucian knew his father had closed the topic without it being brought up.
Morning came and they went swimming again. Lysander showed them how to use their arrows as spears to catch the fish. “It’s harder than using a spear, but sometimes you don’t have many options,” Lysander said as he stopped a fish with seeming ease. “The biggest key is remembering that the water distorts what you see. The fish may look like it’s in one spot, but it won’t be.”
The smell of fish wafted from the fire that night, causing the already hungry stomachs to growl impatiently. At one point, Lysander said, “It’s a good thing we’ll be shopping for your new list with Mother next week. You’ve outgrown your pants.”
“I just wish I had grown more,” Lucian said. “I’m going to be the shortest person in my class.”
“There’s nothing wrong with that,” Lysander said.
“Mithulan is still shorter than you. Or at least, he was before we left,” Adrian pointed out.
“That’s not very comforting. I’ve got to be the shortest prince on record.”
“No, you’re not. There was a prince only a few inches tall,” Lysander said.
“Dad, we all know that’s just a myth,” Lucian argued. “I bet the fairies exaggerated.”
Again, a slightly distant expression flicked across Lysander’s face. “I suppose that’s true son.”
Late that night after Adrian had fallen asleep, Lucian looked at his father. “Dad?”
“Yes son?”
Lucian hesitated. “Dad, is there something bothering you?”
“No, why do you ask?” Lysander said, though he didn’t sound as firm as he usual.
“You just have seemed preoccupied lately. I mean, you’re a better shot than I am, but you’ve been missing a lot the past couple of days. Is something wrong?”
 “I’m getting older, Lucian,” he said at length. “My reflexes aren’t what they used to be.”
“Is that it?” Lucian had a feeling his father was hiding something. “You’re not that old.”
“Thanks for that assessment.”
“That’s not what I meant, Dad.”
“I know. Don’t worry about me. I’m just a bit off my game right now. It’s nothing to worry over. We all have those times in life. Now, go to sleep. We’ll be getting up early tomorrow to meet the ladies back at the castle. She’s a beautiful girl, son.”
“She is. I hope she’ll warm up to me soon.”
“She seems to be coming around.”
“Yeah, I guess. Well, good night, Dad.”
“Good night, son,” Lysander said, turning to stare at the shimmering blanket of stars above.

Late in the morning after getting camp cleaned up, they began riding towards the beach where they would be meeting the ladies. When they arrived, Lucian had barely gotten off his horse when Allegra walked up and demanded, “Prove it to her, Lucian.”
“I missed you too,” he teased.
“Lucian Alexander, this is serious,” she retorted. “Prove it right now.”
“Prove what?”
“That you’re a better swimmer than she is. She won’t believe me,” Allegra said, pointing to Moira whose arms were crossed defiantly.
“Well, Allegra, I can’t very well jump into the water in my clothes. They’ll get ruined,” he said. “Besides, why does it matter who’s the better swimmer?”
“It matters, because I happen to know you’re the best swimmer in Maltisten. There’s no way she’s a better swimmer than you are.”
“And just how long have you been arguing about this,” Lysander stepped in.
“All morning,” Moira replied, also joining the fray. “I’m sure Lucian’s a great swimmer, but I’m better than him at everything.”
Lucian felt himself blush. “You are not.”
“Really?” Moira asked, her eyebrow rising. “Name one thing you can do better than me.”
“I can hunt, shoot, fight…”
“Those don’t count. They’re things only boys do anyway.”
“Okay, I’m a better rider,” he pointed out.
Moira stammered for a bit. “That doesn’t count either. You’ve, you’ve been riding longer.”
“Well, I’ve probably been swimming longer too. I grew up in the water.”
“Children,” Lysander said quickly before Moira could say anything, “there’s an easier way to determine this. We’ll just have a race. Winner is the best swimmer. I’ll mark off the distance. Get into your bathing suits.”
Chin set at a defiant angle, Moira sneered, “I’ll enjoy beating you.”
“Try it,” Lucian snapped. He went into one of the little shacks where he could change in privacy. Calista would probably have had a fit if she’d heard him. But he wasn’t going to back down. He’d been swimming as long as he could remember. There was no way a girl raised in the country would be able to beat him on his own turf. He wouldn’t let her.
They walked to a rock Lysander was standing on near the edge of the water. “Alright, we’ll do two lengths. Touch the rock down the way and then back here. First one is the winner. Are you ready?”
“Definitely,” Moira replied.
Lucian nodded, but didn’t speak. He was focusing on the water.
“Get in position then,” Lysander said.
Preparing himself to dive, Lucian listened to the count off and on the word go, dove cleanly into the water. He knew a gentleman would give Moira a head start, but he wasn’t feeling much like a gentleman at the moment. Instead, he stroked harder. To his surprise, Moira was matching him stroke for stroke. Despite being impressed, he kept his focus on the rock ahead of them. He knew if he reached it first, he could get enough speed going to make up for her kickoff. He gave a burst of speed, reaching the rock and quickly kicking off . He couldn’t hear Allegra shouting for him on the beach, nor Moira’s mother encouraging her. All he could hear were the strokes of his arms and legs and the pounding of his heart. He could tell Moira was gaining on him and he urged his limbs to move faster. He was cutting through the water like it wasn’t even there. Just a few more strokes and he would make it to the rock. With a last ditch burst of energy he sped away from Moira and to the rock.
“We have a winner!” Lysander cried. He gave Moira a hand up and said, “Well done, Moira, not many people can challenge Lucian like that. You gave a valiant effort.”
Moira didn’t say anything, but turned to walk over to where her mother was standing on the beach with a towel.
“I’m not sure that was such a good idea, Dad,” Lucian said.
“Humility hurts sometimes, son. Don’t worry, she’ll get over it soon enough.”
Lucian nodded but didn’t speak. He walked over to Moira and her mother. “Good job, Moira. You almost caught me.”
She looked about to say something nasty, but seemed to see her mother and change her mind. In a tone that quavered with unspoken anger she replied with as much of a smile as she could muster, “I’m sure I wouldn’t have.”
Knowing when it was best to bow out, he nodded and walked over to Allegra who was squealing with delight. “I knew you’d win!”
“And you never doubted for a second, did you?”
“Of course not!”
“I just hope this will have been worth it in the end,” he said, looking where Moira was now swimming in the water away from the shallows where Lysander, Adrian, Alexandra and Lavinia were splashing. He could tell she was trying to prove to herself that she could swim just as well as Lucian.
Allegra looked thoughtful. “Oh, Lucian, I hadn’t even thought of what it might do to your relationship. But I wouldn’t worry. I’m sure in many ways she’ll respect you more now. You’re better than her at something that she’s very good at.”
“How is that a good thing?” he asked.
“Because this gives you common ground. You’re both excellent swimmers. Granted, she’ll probably never forgive you for being a better swimmer, but, it’s a start,” she pointed out.
They stayed at the beach all day and late into the evening, Cook bringing their dinner out to the beach. The next morning Lavinia would go home with her children.
Lucian saw Moira sitting on her own away from the group and decided to take a chance and go talk to her. “It’s beautiful isn’t it?” he asked, looking at the sunset over the crashing waves.
Moira started and looked up. “Yeah, it is,” she replied, turning back to the waves.
“Look, I, I just wanted to say, no hard feelings about earlier, right?”
She didn’t bother looking at him. “You won, fair and square. There’s nothing for me to have hard feelings about.”
They were silent for a while and he said, “I got something for you.”
“You did?” she looked at him, a surprised blush creeping into her cheeks.
“Yeah.” He pulled out the small, pinkish-orange shell from his pocket. “I wish it was both halves, but I thought you might like to have it. It’s a rare clam that only lives here in our waters. You have to keep it out of the sunlight, or the colors will fade. But if you keep it somewhere it won’t get bleached by the sun, it’ll stay that bright forever, like a sunset that never ends.”
He handed Moira the shell and she looked at it in the fading light. “It’s lovely, but don’t you want to keep it?”
“Me? Oh, no. I’ve already got one.” He hoped that she wouldn’t be able to tell he was lying.
“Your sister’s right about you. You’re a terrible liar. You’ve never found one of these before, have you?” When Lucian didn’t reply, she continued, “So why give it to me?”
Shrugging, he said, “I wanted to. I thought you’d like it since you seem to love the beach so much. It could remind you of the fun you had out here.”
For a long moment Moira was quiet. She sniffed after a while and Lucian was fairly sure she was crying. She asked softly, “Why are you so nice to me?” Before Lucian could reply, she got up, walked to the others and said she was going to bed before running to the castle.
“Now what did I do?” Lucian asked himself. He rejoined the others long enough to say he was going to bed too before going into the castle and going to his room. He stared out the window at the beach. Stars were beginning to twinkle in the twilight. It had seemed like the perfect gesture, giving her a seashell he’d always wanted. Now he half-wished he’d kept it for himself and just let her alone.
“What did you do to make Moira run off like that?” Lysander asked, causing Lucian to jump.
 “I have no idea,” Lucian sighed. “I gave her a seashell.”
“Hmm. Did you say anything to her?”
“I just checked to make sure there were no hard feelings about the race, then gave her the seashell and she started crying.” They were both quiet a moment and he asked, “Dad, do you think she avoids getting to know me because her dad died? I mean, maybe she’s afraid of getting close because she thinks I’ll die young or something.”
“I can’t tell you, son,” Lysander said, putting an arm around Lucian’s shoulders. “Emotions are difficult to understand, especially when you’re dealing with the opposite gender. Perhaps it’s that, perhaps it’s something else. I’m not the right person to talk to about that. Moira is the only one who can explain to you what she’s feeling,”
“I was afraid you’d say that,” Lucian sighed. “Maybe I’m not cut out for this.”
Lysander turned so that he and Lucian were looking straight at each other. “Don’t say that, Lucian. You can’t give up so easily. Lucian, you’re only fifteen. From what I understand, she won’t be fifteen until the middle of August. You’re both young and this is a hard time for both of you. Life is changing in so many ways, many that you don’t understand. Promise me that you won’t give up; that you won’t quit on Moira or on yourself.”
There was an urgency in Lysander’s eyes that concerned Lucian. “I won’t let you down.”
“Don’t worry about letting me down. Don’t let Moira down,” Lysander said gently.
“Dad, are you sure there’s nothing bothering you?” Lucian asked.
“I’m fine, son,” Lysander said, closing the subject. “I should let you go to bed. Keep your chin up, Lucian. Everything will work out fine, you’ll see.”

The next morning, Adrian and Lucian rode together back to the family home. They rode slower than they had coming out to the seaside castle. They talked about school starting again and various other little tidbits. “I wish we didn’t have to go back. This has been a great break, even with Mom and Moira,” Adrian said.
“Adrian, why don’t you guys get along?” Lucian asked.
Adrian flushed. “I, I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Come on, Adrian.”
“No, alright,” Adrian snapped. “It’s none of your business.”
“I’m sorry, I’m just,” Lucian started, but never finished. Adrian spurred Stardancer to a gallop and rode ahead of him. Zephyr pulled at the rains. “Not this time, boy. I think he needs some space. I just keep screwing things up.”
Zephyr snorted at him.
“Gee thanks, Zephyr. That made me feel tons better.”
Whinnying, Zephyr seemed to tell him that it wasn’t his fault he was having problems.
Lucian rolled his eyes and let Zephyr speed up to a brisk trot. They arrived at the castle just before the carriage with the others did. He didn’t have a chance to really talk to Adrian before they arrived. However, when he did get to the castle, Adrian was acting as though nothing had happened. “I’ll miss seeing you,” he said.
Surprised, Lucian replied, “Yeah, me too.”
The others pulled up and soon they were busy getting things packed into the other carriage, making sure that no one had forgotten anything and getting the horses taken care of.
“I’ll see you in the fall,” Lucian told Moira as he helped her get the last of her bags onto the carriage.
“Yeah,” Moira said. “Bye.” She disappeared into the carriage before Lucian could say another word. Adrian waved out the window at him as the carriage disappeared down the drive.

Year 3 Chapter 2
Back to Table of Contents

When classes started again, the boys waited impatiently for Tuesday afternoon and their first dragon fighting class. Monday seemed intolerably long and Tuesday also seemed to drag. Spell breaking with Althea was held in a small classroom directly in front of the witches’ hovel filled with cauldrons, dead animals in jars of formula, dried and drying herbs and plants. It was dank, dark and smelled musty, yet there was a hidden power in the room that made the boys nervous. “Good morning. I am Althea, though some of you already know me.” Her eyes seemed to linger on boys who had been punished by her. “In this class I will teach you the basics of spell casting and, of course, spell breaking. You will learn the art of healing and power to destroy. A Prince Charming faces many dangers before finding his true love. He must deal with both good and evil. This class will give you the advantages you need to succeed. To begin with, these are your textbooks.” she raised her arms and stacks of books floated through the air, landing on each desk. “Tonight, you will need to read chapter one.”
A boy opened his book and gasped, “Chapter one is over fifty pages!”
Althea turned to look at him with a flash of a smile. “I never said the assignment would be easy. It is however important that you read carefully. You will be expected to know it well enough for a class discussion Thursday. For now, we will be discussing what you already know. Who can tell me the difference between fairy magic and the magic held by the Sisters?”
Kaelen raised his hand and was called on. “Fairy magic is less powerful.”
“Very good, Kaelen,” Althea said. “Anyone else?”
Lucian raised his hand and waited for Althea to call on him. “Well, I think the fairy magic only has specific things it can be used for. Even in anger, the fairies don’t use their magic, so I guess their magic would only be able to do things that are constructive or helpful, not destructive.”
“An excellent observation, Lucian,” Althea replied. “The magic of the fairies is indeed limited. They cannot destroy, though in times of anger wands have been seen to spark or smoke. That is why the Sisters are here as the disciplinary arm. Our magic is not restricted to helping. We can also harm.
“Another difference is how the magic is created. In one aspect, fairy magic is more powerful because it does not need an incantation. All magic performed by a witch has an incantation. This is something that can hinder a witch, so if you should chance to have one on your quest, keep that in mind. You have a few seconds head start. And I do mean, a very few,” she added.
The class continued on and at the end of it, the boys walked outside to the stables for horsemanship. Phillipa greeted them as usual and they continued on in their lessons as they always had. They went to lunch and after that went to fencing. Raphael met them at the door. After an hour of fencing, Raphael dismissed everyone except Lucian. When the others had gone, he turned to Lucian and said, “I suppose you’re wondering why you’re the only student in here.”
“Yeah,” Lucian admitted.
“You are an excellent swordsman, Lucian. The best I’ve ever worked with,” Raphael began. “However, you are also very left-handed. For the safety of the other students I’ve requested that you be in this class by yourself.”
Lucian didn’t like where this was going. “What do you mean?”
“It’s time, Lucian, for you to learn to fight right-handed. For the next two years, longer if necessary, you’ll have double fencing and the second half will be right-handed instruction.
Lucian’s heart plummeted. “Oh.”
“Don’t worry, Lucian. As talented as you are, I’m sure you’ll take to right-handed fencing like a fish to water. Now, en garde!”
It was clear by the end of the hour that whatever his skill with his left hand, it didn’t transfer to his right. He dropped the sword several times, hearing its echoing clang against the floor. He swiped in all the wrong direction several times and wondered how he’d ever managed to block Kaelen during their first year.
“Well, that wasn’t too bad,” Raphael said at the end of class.
“That was awful,” Lucian moaned.
“Cheer up lad. Today was just a test run, to see where you are. Now I can truly fit the instruction to best fit your needs. Why, in no time at all, this will feel completely natural. Now, off to your next class.”
Lucian trudged to the greenhouse, meeting Adrian on the way. “You have no idea how disgusting toads are,” Adrian said with his nose wrinkled.
“Nice to see you too.”Lucian teased.
“How was fencing?”
“Terrible. He’s trying to teach me right-handed.”
“Who else is with you?” Adrian asked.
“For their own safety, no one. I’m in class by myself,” Lucian muttered.
“If it makes you feel better, I’m alone in amphibian studies. And trust me, you don’t want to be alone with Salvador Mottleback. He’s boring and looks like he’s coated in moldy mud.”
Lucian laughed as they walked into the greenhouse. The class seemed to fly by and then about half the students were dismissed. The boys waited for Russett to continue their instruction. “Alright, gentlemen,” he said as the last straggler left, “you boys are in here to learn about magic seeds. Most of the plants we’ll study are quite harmless, but some won’t be. So, we’ll be studying plant safety this week.”
The class seemed to drag until dragon fighting. As the boys walked into the arena-like classroom, Vulcan Firebrand was standing in the pit. “Come to the front row and have a seat, lads,” he said. When everyone had taken a seat, Vulcan got things started. “Dragon fighting is a very serious matter. Any horseplay or tomfoolery will be severely punished. There’s no room for it in my classroom and I’ll not tolerate it. Am I understood?”
“Yes, sir,” the boys replied.
Vulcan eyed them with fiery eyes. “Good. Now, understand that in class, you are not in serious danger. However, if you let your guard slip while fighting a dragon, it may be the last thing you ever do. This class will prepare you to take on the dragons that may or may not be in your future quests.”
As though on cue, an enormous dragon entered through a gate at the other end of the classroom. It seemed to eye each boy through yellow-orange reptilian eyes while its green scales shimmered in the sunlight pouring through the windows. Smoked curled from its nostrils and its fangs glistened. “A pitiful lot this one. May I eat them, Vulcan?”
The boys jaws dropped as Vulcan replied, “No, Draconus, you can’t eat the students.”
“Pity,” Draconus said. “They look tasty and I’ve not had supper yet. Except for that one,” he continued looking scornfully at Adrian. “Looks rather sick doesn’t he? All that green.”
“I warned you already about that, Draconus,” Vulcan barked.
The dragon snickered, “So sorry, couldn’t resist.”
“I look green?” Adrian whispered to Lucian.
Lucian shrugged as one of the other boys squeaked, “It talks!”
Draconus rolled his eyes. “Three thousand years I’ve been teaching these princelings and every single year they say the same thing. ‘It talks!’” he mimicked. “No wonder my brothers eat them. Highly unoriginal, the whole lot of them. Of course I can talk, young princeling. All dragons can talk.”
“But dragons only speak their own language,” Kaelen retorted. “Lorelei said so.”
Flames burst from Draconus’ mouth as he laughed. “You believe that fish? It’s true that most dragons only speak in our tongue. It’s hardly worth the effort of learning the languages of your prey. However, since I owe Vulcan my life, I’ve given up the taste of men. Cattle taste so much better; especially rare and still mooing.” He snickered again as he licked his lips with a forked tongue. “As I have to train you I must be able to speak to you. And since you butcher my own language, it was less painful to learn your rather vulgar tongue.”
“We’re not that bad,” Kaelen snapped, his pride wounded.
“Are you sure I can’t eat him? I’d give him a head start, make it sporting,” Draconus hissed.
“Yes I’m sure you can’t eat him,” Vulcan replied. “Kaelen, even the most skilled of linguists trip over Dragon. We lack the forked tongues that aid in proper pronunciation.” Turning to the class, he continued, “As Draconus said, he has been with the school three thousand years. He will do most of the instruction in this class as he can best prepare you for the encounters you will face. I would advise all of you to take note of what he says.”
Draconus seemed to smile and said, “Right then, shall we begin, little princelings?” For the rest of the class, he droned on and on about the different types of dragons, the history of dragons and anything else that came to mind concerning dragons. He didn’t allow the boys to ask questions and didn’t even stop for breath. It was the most boring hour and a half the boys had ever sat through.
“And we didn’t even get to try fighting him!” Kaelen complained as they walked to supper.
“You’re just mad because he wanted to eat you,” George teased.
“He’s got a point though,” Adrian admitted. “If all we do is lecture we’ll never learn anything.”
“I suppose we’ll learn their weakness,” Lucian said with a grin.
“And what might that be?” Kaelen asked.
“Vanity,” Lucian replied. “He’s so absorbed in himself and dragons as a race that it would be to our advantage to use that against him. Other dragons are probably very similar.”
“Well look who knows so much,” Kaelen muttered.
“Oh come off it, Kaelen.” Jacobi rolled his eyes. “You’ve been like this all day. What’s eating you?”
“Nothing.”

By the time Friday came, every third year student hated dragon fighting and thought Draconus would do well at a barbeque as the main course. “It’s been two days already and there hasn’t been a single fight. He just sits there talking the whole time. We can’t even ask questions because if we raise our hands Dronecus ignores us,” George complained as they sat at breakfast Friday morning.
“Just be glad that none of us have to deal with him again for five whole days,” Lucian said. He couldn’t help agreeing with his friends. The class had been a waste.
“I can’t wait until we actually get to use weapons in that class,” Kaelen said through grit teeth. “I’d like to shish kabob him.”
“I don’t think it’ll be that easy,” Adrian groaned.
They continued chatting about other things until it was time to go to their first class. The day went by quickly and soon they were separating to go to their Friday afternoon specialty course. Lucian and George walked out to the gazebo for foreign language.
When they arrived, Lorelei was sunning herself on a rock in the middle of the lake. “Oh, good afternoon boys,” she called. “Have a seat.” She dove into the water and swam to the large rock inside the gazebo. “Well, you boys are the lucky two. We will be doing intensive, in-depth study of Dragon. Then perhaps you can teach that lizard some manners,” she said with a steely glance at the castle.
“Um, Lorelei, why do you and Draconus hate each other so much?” George asked.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about. Now, Dragon is a particularly difficult language to learn because of the forked tongue. Obviously I’m not going to split your tongues, but I can teach you a few tricks to help you properly pronounce the words in three different dialects of Dragon; Eastern, Sea Serpent, and Common.” She said the last with a slight giggle which gave George and Lucian every reason to believe that Draconus fell in the last category. “Let’s begin with the trill, shall we?”
For the rest of the hour, George and Lucian trilled. Lorelei would stop them and demonstrate before making them start again.
“How are you supposed to trill ‘l’?” George asked in frustration as they walked back to the castle. As they got closer, they could hear a heated argument between Achilles and Tallia.
“You nearly drowned him,” Tallia shrieked.
“What was I supposed to do? The boy has to learn to swim,” Achilles argued. “He wouldn’t get in on his own.”
“So you just tossed him in at the deepest end of the pool? What were you thinking?” Tallia demanded.
Achilles was sputtering as Calista came outside. “Perhaps you’d best finish this discussion later. Tallia,” she continued as each blushed and Achilles stormed off, “how is he?”
“Still in shock. His color is returning to normal; well as normal as it can be.”
George and Lucian walked up the stairs after rounding the corner. Calista saw them and said to Tallia, “Good, go make sure everything else is alright.”
“It’s Adrian isn’t it?” Lucian asked.
“How long have you been listening?” Calista asked. Tallia stood still; looking as though she’d been caught saying something she shouldn’t have said.
“We heard shouting as we were coming back from foreign language,” George replied.
“Yes, it’s Adrian. You can come up with me and see him,” Tallia said. She nodded to Calista and the boys followed her inside.
When they arrived at the infirmary, they found Adrian sitting on a bed, his teeth chattering. “He tried to kill me. I can’t swim. Tell them I can’t swim, Lucian.” Panic showed in Adrian’s eyes as he looked at Lucian.
“This must be part of your quest,” George said. “You’ll figure it out.”
“Well, I quit then, because the only person who hates water more than me is Allegra and I doubt she’ll take kindly to being told we have to swim somewhere,” Adrian retorted.
“That’s ridiculous,” Calista said from behind them. The boys all jumped and turned to look at her. “I’ll not hear you mention quitting again, Adrian. You have far too much potential for such a poor attitude. However, as we were unaware of how far behind you are, Achilles will be modifying your lessons. Don’t worry. I’m sure you’ll be a fine swimmer. Now, why don’t you and George head to supper? I need to speak with Lucian for a moment.”
The two looked at Tallia. “Yes, you can go silly,” she replied with a smile. “You’ll be fine, Adrian.”
They left and Calista turned to Lucian. “You didn’t answer my question earlier. How long were you listening?”
He took a deep breath. “Long enough to know there’s something wrong with Adrian’s color.”
“Why do you say that?” she asked.
“Draconus has mentioned Adrian’s color every day in class. And then Tallia said his color was as normal as it could be. What’s going on?” he demanded.
Calista looked thoughtful. “You’re going to miss supper if you don’t hurry. Run along.” Without another word, she left the room. Why did people keep brushing him off?

It did not take long for the boys to get into a regular routine. By September, they were well used to their classes; though Adrian still dreaded going to swimming Friday afternoons.
Dragon fighting was still only lecture, even after a month. Finally, one Thursday afternoon, Kaelen snapped. “This is a waste of time.”
Adrian was desperately trying to pull him down by his arm as Draconus turned his yellow-orange gaze towards them. “I beg your pardon?”
“You’re such a joke! You hide behind stupid lectures instead of letting us fight you. If you’re so wonderful and unbeatable, why don’t you prove it?”
“I don’t have time for distractions,” Draconus drawled. “Now as I was saying…”
“You’re afraid,” Kaelen accused. “You’re nothing but an overgrown, ugly lizard.”
The boys gasped as his eyes narrowed. Smoke rose from his nostrils and Vulcan started to say something but Draconus cut him off. “Very well, princeling. If you think you’re ready, we’ll see how long you survive. Come to the pit.”
Kaelen strode down as confident as ever. Vulcan helped him put on his armor and gave him a sword and spear. “We don’t go for death strikes.”
The other boys watched as Kaelen tried to take on Draconus. The dragon was wickedly fast, dodging Kaelen’s blows almost before he’d moved to strike. He shot fireballs at him, which Kaelen avoided with his shield. The temperature in the room was rising and Kaelen was becoming more and more agitated. “Come along, princeling, I’m just toying with you,” Draconus taunted. “Is that the best you can do?” Kaelen rushed at him and Draconus swiped him up off the ground in one paw. His scales were like molten metal and Kaelen felt like he’d been buried in hot coals. “If this was a real fight, boy, I’d have eaten you by now.”
“Why don’t you, Dronecus?” Kaelen spat.
He bared his fangs, steamy saliva dripping from them. “Tempting, but you’re rather puny. And my name is Draconus. Don’t mistake it again.” He set Kaelen down roughly before turning to the rest of the class. “Starting next week you’ll all have your chance to prove yourselves. It’s time for a more practical approach.”
As the boys were leaving class, Adrian said, “Of all the stupid things to do! He could have killed you.”
“But he didn’t,” Kaelen retorted, “and now we’ll actually start learning in there.”
The others shook their heads as they walked to supper. They chatted throughout the meal, comparing their specialty courses. George and Lucian talked about having foreign language Friday afternoon and their extra hour of botany. Kaelen had an extra hour of botany Friday afternoon and double etiquette. “What?” he demanded when the boys smiled.
“Nothing Kaelen,” Jacobi smiled. “At least your extra classes make some sense. I’m in art twice. I also have a weird class about observation. I can’t remember what Arden calls it.”
“I wouldn’t say that all of our classes make sense. I still have no idea how amphibian studies will help me,” Adrian said. “And I can’t believe they’re forcing me to learn to swim.”
“Well, look on the bright side,” Lucian said. “The next time you come to Maltisten you can go swimming with me.”

October came and soon it was time for their first meeting with the princesses for the year. Lucian sincerely hoped that Moira’s relationship with Cinnamon had improved. They were scheduled to go on the traditional ride through the forest.
As the gleaming carriages from Fair Damsels arrived, followed by the girls’ horses, the boys were waiting. Calista and Melantha got the first year students sorted while the other princesses went to their princes. “Hello Moira,” Lucian said. “I hope you enjoyed the rest of your break.”
“It was nice,” she replied.
Lucian had hoped she’d say more but was tackled by Allegra in a tight hug. “Isn’t it terrible?”
“Isn’t what terrible?” he asked.
“Haven’t you heard yet?” When Lucian continued to look at her blankly, she continued, “Oh dear, your letter must have gotten lost in the mail. I’m sure Mother would have told you.”
“Told me what?” Lucian demanded.
“Dad’s sick,” Allegra replied. “Very sick. Mom didn’t say too much about it, but I could tell by the way she was writing. Lucian, I think Dad’s dying.”
Time stopped and Lucian felt as though someone had plunged an icy dagger into his heart. When he found his voice he said, “We should go home.”
“No, we can’t, we mustn’t. Mom made me send her a letter promising her that I wouldn’t leave school. You know how important it is to Dad. He wouldn’t want us to go.”
“But we can’t just stay here and do nothing. What are we supposed to do?”
Tears filled Allegra’s eyes. “We have no choice, Lucian.” She threw her arms around him again and Lucian tried to comfort her, but he felt numb all over. He hardly heard Calista announce the activity. He let Adrian take Allegra to her horse, knowing that she’d be taken care of. He then led Moira to Cinnamon and held the horse while Moira mounted.
As he mounted Zephyr, Moira said, “I know what Allegra told you. She told me about the letter as soon as she had received it. If you want to talk about it, I’ll listen.”
Lucian felt angry. “Why didn’t anyone tell me about it? I’m being pushed off by everyone. The fairies won’t tell me anything, my own parents won’t tell me anything.”
“I’m sure your mom wrote to you. Allegra’s probably right and your letter was simply lost in the mail.”
They were silent for a while as they rode into the forest. Lucian didn’t feel much like talking and Moira didn’t seem willing to start a conversation. She kept Cinnamon in control, though her riding was not as refined as some of her peers.
The silence continued long enough that Moira finally said, “It’s beautiful isn’t it?”
“What?”
“The forest. It’s beautiful at this time of year; so vibrant.”
Lucian looked about at the fiery leaves. Normally, he would agree with Moira; he loved fall. But his heart was far away. “I guess.”
“I know what you’re thinking,” she said after another long pause. “It won’t fix anything.”
“How do you know what I’m thinking?”
Moira’s eyes narrowed. “Perhaps you’ve forgotten, but I’ve been where you are. I know what it feels like. Sometimes I wish I had been far away, so I wouldn’t remember the way he looked when he was sick. I was so young, I have few memories of when he was healthy,” her voice trailed off as though she were trying not to cry.
“Maybe I actually want to be with my father,” he said coldly.
“Do you think I don’t?” she demanded. “Do you think I don’t miss him every minute of every day?”
“You said you hardly remember him. Obviously he wasn’t that important to you,” Lucian spat. As soon as he said it, he wished he could take it back. Moira’s eyes filled with tears and she looked as though he’d slapped her. She spurred Cinnamon and galloped past everyone, including Phillipa and Augusta, who followed after her. Lucian knew he was in trouble and he also knew he deserved it.
It didn’t take the fairies long to send Lucian to Calista’s office. Maeve was called. “Lucian, I can’t say how disappointed I am in you. How could you say something so heartless to Moira?”
“I spoke without thinking,” he said at length.
“That was obvious. I expect much better from you, Lucian. You are one of our best students and normally quite the gentleman. Whatever is going on in your life, there is no excuse for what you have done. Maeve will set your punishment and you will return to the activities. You owe Moira an apology.” Calista left the room, leaving one last look of disappointment on Lucian.
Maeve rose and tottered a bit before clasping the stone on her belt, “To fix the wrong and make it right, In her shoes you’ll walk a fortnight.” A faint green light issued slowly from the stone. “Go on,” Maeve urged, to which it split and shot at Lucian’s heart and feet. “Oh not again.” She sighed and shook her head, muttered something about “the Change” and walked away, leaning heavily on a cane.
Lucian’s feet felt pinched and when he looked down, he was wearing a pair of very feminine, blue slippers. Everyone was going to laugh at him. Tears stung his eyes and his cheeks flushed. One thing he knew, Moira may have been taller than him, but her feet were definitely smaller. How long would he be stuck with these? A fortnight? He was going to be a laughingstock. Miserable tears fell from his cheeks as he walked down the stairs. He desperately tried to pull his pant legs down over the dainty slippers. When that didn’t work, he tried his best to be invisible until he reached the blanket where his friends were sitting. Allegra and Adrian were sitting on either side of Moira, Adrian patting her back while Allegra rocked her back and forth as she cried. When Allegra saw Lucian, she gave him a look of deepest loathing. Adrian stood and grabbed Lucian’s arm before hauling him away back into the forest. He glanced about to see if anyone was watching before punching Lucian square on the eye.
“Ow!” Lucian cried, “What…”
“Don’t you every make my sister cry again,” Adrian spat, “or so help me I’ll do something worse to you. Do you have any idea how hard this summer was? You have both your parents and we only have the one. I don’t care how sick your dad is or if he’s dying or anything else. You have no right to take it out on Moira. She cries all the time because she misses Dad. She doesn’t like to ride horses anymore because she used to do it with Dad and it’s just not the same anymore. She may be annoying and snobby and Mom’s precious, perfect princess, but she’s my sister. I’m not going to let anyone hurt her, especially not my best friend.”
Adrian looked close to tears and Lucian was already crying enough for both of them. “I’m s-sorry. I sh-shouldn’t have s-said it. I, I wasn’t thinking.”
“Obviously,” Adrian retorted before storming away, leaving Lucian alone.
More tears fell as Lucian miserably walked back towards the picnic. Phillipa found him before he’d gotten very far. “Lucian,” she called.
“Are you going to yell at me too?” he interrupted.
“While the thought had crossed my mind, no. I came to see what was going on and…Lucian, what happened to your eye?”
He looked away. “I walked into a branch.”
“Adrian did that, didn’t he?” she asked. He hesitated a moment too long. She sighed, “I’ll have to call the witches.”
“No! You can’t. I deserved it. If he’d said to Allegra what I said to Moira, I would have done the same thing.”
“That’s no excuse, Lucian,” she said. “A gentleman does not beat people.”
“He didn’t beat me and a gentleman always protects the ladies in his life. I’ll be fine. It’s just a little sore, and everybody hates me,” he sobbed.
Phillipa looked at Lucian quizzically. “Your punishment must have affected your emotions.”
“No,” he sniffed, “it put me in these terrible shoes.”
One eyebrow raised, Phillipa looked down at Lucian’s feet. “Oh, that’s an interesting punishment. Lucretia?”
“Maeve.”
“Oh. Well, you’d best get something to eat. Go on now.”
Lucian walked back to where his friends were sitting. He sat down next to Allegra who scooted away from him as though he were diseased. Tears coursed down his face and he didn’t even attempt to speak to anyone. He didn’t think it would have mattered though; they all seemed to be pretending he wasn’t there, except Nathan who smirked, “Nice shoes.”
Leticia gently smacked Nathan’s arm. “Leave him alone,” she warned.
Nathan looked daggers at her, but she simply glared back. Finally, glowering, Nathan looked away and continued to eat his lunch.
As the princesses were leaving, Lucian tried to talk to Moira. “Can I speak with you? Just for a minute?”
“You’ve said quite enough for one day,” she snapped and turned away from him.
He grabbed her arm. “Please, Moira, I just wanted to say that I’m truly sorry for what I said. There’s no excuse for it, it was cruel and ungentlemanly. I’m sorry.”
Moira looked into his eyes. He could see pain and anger swirling in the brilliant blue depths. “Sorry doesn’t take the words back, Lucian.” She yanked her arm away and got into the carriage.
Leticia hung back a moment. “I shouldn’t talk to you; girl rules being what they are. But you need to give her time and space. Deep wounds take a long time to heal; especially when they reopen old wounds.” She then entered the carriage, leaving Lucian standing by himself.

Year 3 Chapter 3
Back to Table of Contents

Lucian had a rough time in his classes following Saturday’s incident. He would burst into tears at random moments and he constantly felt embarrassed; especially as boys snickered at the slippers on his feet. He couldn’t even take them off at night to sleep. The teasing was made worse by a sudden growth spurt that left his pants two inches too short, even after Gelasia hemmed them, and the slippers painfully tight and awkwardly visible. Classes were torture; especially fencing where he had to be on his feet the whole time and his right arm was so weak he didn’t feel he was progressing at all. “I’ll never be able to get this,” he sobbed one afternoon.
Raphael rolled his eyes while Lucian had covered his face with his hands. He was losing patience. “Lucian, you’ll get it. It takes time and hard work to learn fencing with your weak arm. Even I didn’t get it overnight.” He waited for Lucian to at least smile and finally sighed, “The only way you’ll progress is if you keep working. Let’s give it another go, eh?”
When that class was over, he’d gone to dragon fighting where Draconus had tormented him about his girlish slippers and tears. “You should add yourself to the witches’ garden as a waterfall. No doubt their herbs would grow faster under your care.”
Later that evening, Lucian checked his mail and had a letter from his mother. He opened it quickly and read:
My Dear Lucian,
I heard from Allegra that somehow your letter was missed. I do apologize. However, I am also very disappointed in your behavior towards Moira. We’ve raised you better than that. I expect my son to be a gentleman under all circumstances.
Lucian, I suppose I owe both you and Allegra more details. Your father has been ill for quite some time. We naturally assumed that it was simply getting older and thought nothing of it until the end of last school year. As he weakened, I forced him to see a physician. The doctor’s prognosis was bleak. He told us that with rest, your father might recover some of his former strength. But the illness is gradually eating away at him. Your father has not kept to the rules given by the physician. He insisted on continuing in his regular routine, though it weakened him. Now he is bedridden and unable to leave the room. I feel that some of this is unrelated to the illness. We both know how he desperately desires your success and sees himself as less than he is. His spirit is weakened more than his body. (Although I would ask that you not tell Allegra that.)
It is for this reason that I have contacted Queen Lavinia about winter break. I don’t want you and Allegra to see your father like this. Perhaps by getting adequate rest over the break, his strength will be renewed and he will once again be his old self. I have not yet received an answer from Lavinia, but as soon as I do, I will inform you and Allegra of your winter plans.
My dear son, know that I love you. I am sorry that your letter was missed. I hope that you will make amends with Moira. She is a wonderful girl and deserving of a prince like you. Stay true to who you are. Your father would want you to be at your best, as you always have been. Keep that sunshine in your smile. The day may come when you will need it.
All My Love,
Mother
Though he was sure he had already cried every tear he had, fresh tears streamed down his face. His father was dying and he didn’t have a friend in the world to lean on. Allegra hadn’t written to him since that Saturday and the letter he’d sent to Moira had been returned. Adrian wasn’t speaking to him and others avoided him as well. The fairies wouldn’t help him and Lucian was beginning to blame the illness on them. Why hadn’t they written the story? Couldn’t they see the hurt that had been caused?
While Lucian was crying, Adrian had come up the stairs. At first he’d wanted to continue on to his own room, but his heart softened as he saw Lucian standing there. “What’s the matter?”
Lucian looked at Adrian sullenly. A strange resentment filled him and he couldn’t keep the bitterness from his voice, “Suddenly speaking to me again?”
“Oh come off it, Lucian,” Adrian snapped. “We’ve both behaved as children. Now, are you going to tell me what’s wrong or should I leave you to drown in your tears?”
Too choked up to continue speaking, Lucian handed Adrian the letter.
Adrian read silently. “I had hoped that Allegra was exaggerating. Lucian, I’m sorry.”
“It’s not your fault,” he sniffed.
“Well, let’s head down to supper. I know you’re probably not hungry,” Adrian continued when he looked ready to argue, “but some food will do you good. I’ll write to my mother and see what’s going on this winter, okay?”
Lucian nodded but didn’t speak. It felt good to rejoin his friends at their regular table. He was still sniffling and tears leaked down his cheeks. Adrian explained what was wrong and the boys expressed condolences. “It might not be so bad, Lucian,” Jacobi said. “Maybe he just needs a rest during winter and when you go back in summer, he’ll be good as new.”
The others tried to sound as hopeful, but Lucian knew they were all thinking the same thing. From what his mother said, it sounded pretty hopeless. It almost seemed as though he was just giving up. Lucian suddenly felt angry. He couldn’t just abandon them like this. Didn’t he know that they needed him? What would Mom do without him? Lucian played with his food, but didn’t eat much. He also avoided talking to Adrian. He was surprised by this change in himself. Adrian was his best friend, and yet Lucian felt a type of resentment towards him, like he reminded him of a painful memory.
When he returned to his room, Lucian attempted to work on his homework, but it didn’t seem to matter anymore. Finally, exhausted and upset, he blew out the candles before crying himself to sleep.

The next week passed tolerably enough, despite frequent emotional breakdowns. It was well into a third week that Lucian realized his punishment hadn’t ended yet. He continued going to his classes, thinking that perhaps he’d simply misheard Maeve. He was helped by a trip to town, which many in his age group had needed, to buy trousers. At least people weren’t laughing at his high-waters anymore. By the beginning of a fifth week of slippers and tears Lucian felt somewhat panicked. He was sure Maeve hadn’t said a month or a semester. He went up to Calista’s office to ask her about it. When he entered her office, she looked up from her desk and asked, “Lucian, can I help you with something?”
“I’m still wearing Moira’s shoes and crying all the time. I was only supposed to be punished for a fortnight.”
“Oh,” she said. “Maeve’s spell must have been more potent than she intended. That happens when they’re this close to the Change. Althea has said it will happen within the next six months. I hope it occurs during winter break while you boys are away.”
“But what are you going to do about my punishment? I’ve worn these slippers for over a fortnight and all that’s happened is they’ve gotten tighter and I’m an emotional wreck.”
“Lucian, as you well know, there is nothing I can do about your punishment. Think about the words Maeve used. Sometimes even though they set a time limit, there are other things that might preclude that. Did she say anything other than the two weeks?”
Trying to remember, he said, “Something about making wrong right and walking in Moira’s shoes.”
“Well, that certainly explains the slippers and the mood swings. Girls can be very difficult during this stage in their lives. That’s why I prefer working with boys,” Calista admitted. “You’ll have to make things right with Moira.”
“Great, then I’m going to be stuck in her shoes for eternity because she hates me and will never forgive me,” he muttered.
“Nonsense. You just need to ask her forgiveness.”
“I’ve sent her a letter apologizing every week. Sometimes I’ve sent two letters. Every letter I’ve sent to her has been sent back. She doesn’t want to hear that I’m sorry.”
“Try again,” Calista said. “Perhaps through this you’ve learned that words can cut far deeper than swords.”
Anger filled Lucian and he shouted, “Well this is your fault, so why don’t you fix it?”
“I beg your pardon?”
“I wouldn’t have said what I did if I hadn’t been worrying about my dad. I wouldn’t be worried about my dad if he wasn’t so sick, if I had known before Moira came. My dad is dying and it’s your fault,” he yelled, banging his fists on the table. “He’s giving up because nobody at this stupid school thought he was worthwhile. You let him marry my mom, but nobody knows his story. There’s no painting of him in the hallway. Nobody reenacts his quest. He’s not considered a Prince Charming even though he’s better than any prince ever. He’s going to die thinking he was just second best because of you. He’ll think my mom was disappointed in him because of you. It’s your fault!” He slumped back into his seat, shaking like a leaf in a thunderstorm.
For a long moment, the only sounds were Lucian’s sobbing and the soft pattering of raindrops against the window. “Lucian,” Calista said at length, “this is not my fault.”
“It is your fault,” he insisted between sobs. “You couldn’t let him be what he wanted. You couldn’t let him live his dream. You rejected him.”
“I’m not talking about your father, Lucian. You can’t blame anyone but yourself for what you said. You can’t blame me or your father or anyone else. You said those things, not me. The situation with your father is complicated. I’m not the only one responsible for that decision. There were many things to be considered. He didn’t go to our school.”
“You wouldn’t let him!” he cried.
“Let me finish,” she interrupted. “Yes, he managed to get through every obstacle, but at a price. One of our students was denied what should have been his.”
“He gave up! My dad had the courage to save her, not Maximillion. I know what happened, Phillipa told me.”
Calista considered him for a moment. “Lucian, I wish you would look at this from our perspective. It doesn’t look good when someone who is not from your school rescues the princess while your student flees. Right or not,” she continued before Lucian could interrupt her again, “it was not deemed appropriate to write the story. Your father is a wonderful man; deserving of every happiness life has to offer.”
“Then give this to him,” he begged. “Don’t let him die thinking he wasn’t good enough.”
Silence fell over the room. “You need to go back to your dormitory. Get your homework done and write to Moira. I don’t want any teachers saying that you haven’t completed your homework.” Calista paused before saying, “Your father would want you to do your best, especially in his condition.”
Lucian swiped at the tears on his face. “I’m sorry I yelled.”
“Under normal circumstances, I would have sent for one of the Sisters to deal with your behavior. A gentleman knows better, and I believe I can say quite confidently that you are indeed a gentleman. However, considering the stress you must be under and the heartache you are feeling, I’ll let it slide this time. However, do not expect to be able to speak so disrespectfully to me again.”
“I won’t. I am sorry.”
“You needn’t be,” she said. “You made some very valid points, even if not in the appropriate manner. Consider yourself forgiven and go do your homework.”
As Lucian left the office, Calista got out a piece of paper and began writing.

As the semester wound to a close, Lucian’s mother had written him to say that he and Allegra would not be coming home and that she expected each of them to be on their best behavior while in Lictthane. Allegra had written to him saying that she was sorry she’d ignored him and that she’d forgiven him for being so cruel.
There was also a spring schedule and supply list. Luckily he already had everything he needed, though he was sure that he would have to take a trip to the store to buy another new pair of trousers. The ones he’d bought recently had also become too small. Gelasia had measured him and said, “Well, you’re certainly catching up to everyone. You’re nearly five seven now.”
“Terrific! I only need to grow two more inches to be the same height as Moira,” he had said.
Gelasia had laughed, “Well, my dear, you’re assuming that she hasn’t grown again.”
This was met by a flood of tears and she had gently reassured Lucian that she was sure no matter what Moira’s height, she would still appreciate him as the charming prince that he was.
Moira also had written to him. He tore the letter open and was slightly disappointed to read:
Dear Lucian,
I forgive you. Please return my slippers; those are my favorite pair.
Moira
 “Great,” he said aloud as the slippers disappeared off his feet and he felt a flood of normal emotions fill him. “She didn’t forgive me because she’s actually forgiven me. She just wanted her shoes back. Well, she can have them; they’re awful.”
“Talking to yourself again? Must be crazy,” Adrian teased.
“I just got the longest letter ever written,” Lucian replied, showing Adrian the missive.
“Yeah, well, Moira never did mince words. So are you going to send the slippers back?”
“I can’t; they disappeared after I read her letter. She probably already has them.”
“I hope so,” Adrian said as they walked to supper, “because if she doesn’t get those slippers back, you’ll be back where you started.”
At supper the boys sat with their friends, discussing the upcoming meeting with their princesses. “I hope you don’t blow it this time, Lucian,” Kaelen said in the tone he had picked up over the last few months. Most of the boys believed that it was because his growth had sky-rocketed in recent weeks. Kaelen was growing faster than any of them and had filled out considerably, his body taking on the look of a man. Between the trips to town for new clothes, teasing about his voice cracking, and all the other changes that came with growing, the boys believed he was becoming moody because of it.
“Kaelen,” George chided, “knock it off, would you? Lucian has apologized to Moira and set things right. Otherwise he’d still be a water fountain; no offense, Lucian.”
Lucian shrugged, “None taken. Anyway, I doubt I could make things any worse with her. I mean, I’ve hit rock bottom so the only way to go is up, right?”
“Yeah,” Jacobi agreed.

Finals left Lucian feeling tired and somewhat discouraged. Though he had done as Calista had told him after his outburst, he still felt he’d fallen behind. He was now desperately trying to reach where he thought he should have been all along. Shame filled him as he thought of what his father would have done if he’d heard that Lucian had decided to simply quit. The one class he really wanted to do well in was dragon fighting. Draconus had become more boorish than ever while Lucian had been punished. Now that he wouldn’t burst into a fit of tears, Lucian was sure he could beat him.
The boys entered the arena-like classroom at the end of the day. Vulcan reminded them that they were not to go for death strikes. “A dragon’s soft spot is at the base of the neck; however, you will thrust your point between his arm and body.”
“Please, like anyone will get that close,” Draconus drawled. “Well, let’s get this over with. I’m having veal for supper tonight and I can hear it calling.” He licked his lips hungrily.
“I don’t hear anything,” Adrian whispered as the first boy went into the arena.
“I think he has better hearing than the rest of us,” Lucian replied.
“Certainly I do, waterfall,” Draconus said. “You and his greenness had best be paying attention.”
Adrian scowled.
Lucian could tell Adrian was frustrated and tried to smile, but he was concerned about the teasing too. It had to stem from something. He was forced to push his thoughts aside as Draconus defeated yet another boy and it was his turn to try.
“Ah yes, the waterfall,” the dragon sneered. “This should be easier than the last boys. But I see your slippers have gone. What a pity, such a nice shade for you.”
Lucian struck out with his sword. He heard the clang of the metal against dragon scales. Even Draconus looked surprised; so far no one had been able to touch him. His eyes narrowed into reptilian slits and he spouted fire, which Lucian blocked. He struck again and again, missing most of the time, but every now and again hearing the satisfying ring of sword against scales. He leapt away from spurts of flame and Draconus’ snapping jaws. He could feel himself wearing out, but he refused to be beaten. Not this time. Spying an opening, he thrust for Draconus’ arm, but didn’t see his tail snaking along the room until it was too late. He had flicked Lucian’s sword away and pinned him to the wall before he could take the stroke.
“You are supper, my little waterfall,” Draconus hissed, though he seemed nearly as tired as Lucian. “A valiant effort, but you must constantly be on your guard. Dragons are as quick with their tails as they are with their tongues.”
“A mistake I won’t make next time,” Lucian panted, staring straight back into the dragon’s eyes, still pinned between Draconus’ thick, scaly tail and the arena wall.
A flicker of a smile flit across Draconus’ face. “Bravely spoken,” he said before he sent Lucian off and the next boy was brought into the arena. At the end of class, Lucian was brought forward to receive a medal for improvement in the class. He thought this unwarranted since Draconus had remained undefeated by the end of the day, but kept it to himself. There was no reason to seek to offend the easily-offended dragon. Besides, he couldn’t help but enjoy, even just a little bit, the look of jealousy on Kaelen’s face. While he was not as bad as he had been when they’d first met, Kaelen’s arrogance and pride had worn down the bonds of friendship they’d forged.
As they left class, the boys headed first to the infirmary. George had a nasty burn on his hand where his shield had broken during his final. Draconus had immediately ended the battle while Vulcan sent him to the infirmary.
George smiled as his friends entered. “Wouldn’t you know it? I would lose my writing hand.”
“Tallia didn’t cut your arm off did she?” Jacobi asked in wide-eyed panic.
“Of course I didn’t. I merely put a burn relief potion on it and bandaged it. I believe he meant he couldn’t use his arm, not that is was permanently gone.” She turned back to George. “Come back in the morning so I can apply a fresh bandage and round of potion on it. Good thing you’re done with finals.” She suddenly frowned. “You are done with finals, right?”
“Yeah, I’m done,” George replied with a smile. “They did our fine arts finals last week so that Friday could be the meeting with the girls. I’m going to meet Eleanor one-handed.”
“I’m sure she’ll think you just as dashing. Besides, they always say that girls love a man with scars,” she said with a wink. “Now, off to supper all of you. I’ve got lots to do.”

Friday morning dawned with snow flurries drifting past the castle windows. Lucian dressed quickly, excited for the day; until he remembered that his parents wouldn’t be coming to see him. He frowned before forcing himself to put a smile on his face. Today he was going to be the perfect Prince Charming, just like his dad. Since he’d woken up early, he’d taken time to write to his parents, telling them he’d miss them over break, about the fight with Draconus, his new medals and the rest of his finals. He sealed the envelope and put it in the mailbox before heading down the stairs.
As the gleaming carriages pulled up, Calista warmly greeted their guests. The girls walked in and shrugged off winter cloaks into the waiting hands of other fairies. Allegra immediately hugged Lucian tightly, traces of tears in her eyes. “I’m sorry I was so awful to you. Can you ever forgive me?”
“Allegra, I forgave you a long time ago; or did you miss my letter?”
Smiling her impish grin, she said with some seriousness, “It’s much easier to write it than to say it. I just want to be sure.”
Soon, Moira joined them and Allegra backed away to speak to Adrian and give Lucian and Moira a chance to talk. Lucian could see in her eyes barely hidden traces of hurt. “Hi,” she said.
“Moira, I’m so sorry for what I said.”
“I already told you that I forgave you.”
He shook his head. “What I said was cruel and heartless and I don’t want you to think that I’ll always treat you that way. I normally would never…”
Moira put a finger to his lips. “Don’t, Lucian. I know that was out of character for you. I’m sure when you read my letter you thought it was just to get my shoes back, which I can’t wear anymore because you stretched them out so badly,” she added with a teasing grin; one of the first he’d ever seen. “I truly meant it when I said I forgave you. Let’s,” she sighed. “Let’s just not talk about it again, okay?”
Unable to find his voice, Lucian nodded. Moira’s touch had been so gentle and her voice so soft. She looked away, her dark blue eyes hidden behind her eyelashes. As his heart skipped a beat, he suddenly knew what it felt like to be in love.
He didn’t have time to contemplate this newfound emotion as the boys led their princesses into the dining hall. Moira reluctantly accepted his arm as they walked. When they’d had a seat and Lucian had served them both, there was chatter and laughter around the table. They each spoke avidly with their friends. Moira and Adrian were describing the wintry plains of Lictthane to Allegra and Lucian found himself listening in. Leticia grabbed his attention by saying, “Lucian, I was sorry to hear from Allegra about your father. I hope he is soon well.”
He smiled. “Thanks, Leticia. What are your winter plans?”
“Eleanor and I will be staying at home for the winter. There’s an art contest during break which Eleanor will be entering. Do you know if Allegra has made up her mind about it?”
Grinning sheepishly, he replied, “While my sister and I have a pretty good relationship, I don’t necessarily remember everything she’s told me. I’m really not sure if she will be or not.”
She laughed. “That’s alright. Even as Eleanor’s twin I don’t always know what’s in her head.”
“I don’t think siblings ever really know what is going on in the other one’s head,” George added. “Or maybe it’s just that I’m a boy surrounded by girls and I never know what they’re thinking.”
Laughing, Eleanor replied, “I don’t believe that, George. You read people very well.”
Breakfast continued with laughter and chatting about the table. Allegra revealed that she would be entering the contest, but refused to say what she was entering. “It’s a surprise,” she said with a mischievous twinkle in her eyes. They quieted as Melantha told them about the day’s activities and they adjourned to the gymnasium.
The fairies seemed to have outdone themselves in decorating. The gym was a sparkling wintry fairyland with snow encrusted pine trees and fragrant cedar boughs crackling in the magical fireplaces. There were pale blue and lavender armchairs in front of the fireplaces where they were allowed to sit together. Some older couples were hogging most of them, but Lucian saw one available. “Do you mind if we just sit and talk for a while?” he asked. When Moira looked ready to refuse he added, “If it starts getting too personal we can go play silent board games. I just really want to talk to you for a bit.”
For a moment, Moira looked like she was going to say no. There seemed to be an inner conflict. “Alright, we can talk.”
Lucian led her to the last available fireplace and held her chair for her. She was wearing a satiny lavender gown with a purple ribbon tied in her hair. “You look lovely this morning,” he said as he sat down.
Moira blushed. “I just threw myself together really. I woke up late.”
“Well,” he laughed, “you threw yourself together pretty well. I’d still have bed head.”
“What did you want to talk about?” She looked nervous and uncomfortable.
“This may not be a good way to start, but I wanted to talk about you and Adrian,” he said hesitantly. “Why don’t you get along?”
“You’re right, that’s a bad way to start,” she replied. She looked about to get up from her seat, then settled back saying, “There’s a lot between us, Lucian. And it’s very complicated. I’m not ready to talk to you about that. If you ask Adrian, he’ll tell you the same thing. The truth, well, the truth is that we see eye to eye more often than we argue. But, you wouldn’t understand.”
Lucian bit his tongue to keep from saying that she wasn’t letting him try to understand. Instead, he asked her about Lictthane.
Her answer was prevented by a sudden shout, “If I wanted your opinion I’d give it to you.”
Everyone turned to stare at Nathan and Leticia. Leticia was holding her ground, “I was merely making a suggestion. There’s no need to shout.”
“I don’t need your suggestions,” Nathan retorted, backhanding her.
There was a collective gasp and then a roar of anger as one of the older boys tackled Nathan. Eleanor was desperately trying to pull him away as Leticia stood rooted to the spot, tears welling in her eyes, her cheeks red with embarrassment and one throbbing with pain. “Please, Benjamin, no. Stop!” Eleanor was crying, still trying to no avail to pull him away.
“Don’t you ever hit my sister again,” Benjamin growled, punctuating each word with a well-aimed blow to Nathan.
“Benjamin.” Leticia’s voice was barely a whisper, but it carried over the entire room as the fairies swarmed in to pull the boys apart. “I know you’re just protecting me, but he is not worth your efforts. Leave him to the witches.”
“But look what he did to you,” he said, touching her cheek gently as angry tears rolled down his cheeks.
She covered his hand with hers. “I know, but the pain will stop, and the fairies will take care of this. Don’t stoop to his level. You’re too good a person.”
“Normally, Nathan,” Calista said, fury evident in her tone, “I try to take care of punishment and discipline privately. But you have committed your last offence in my school.” As Althea entered the room she continued, “After Althea has set your punishment, you will gather your belongings and leave Charming Academy, never to return. I will not tolerate the abuse of our princesses within my walls. Never in over three thousand years of existence has this school ever been so shamefully represented. What kind of example are you setting for the younger boys? I cannot afford for them to believe that such behavior is ever acceptable. What kind of message are you sending the princesses who visit? I cannot afford for you to fill their hearts with fear and distrust and pain. You have disgraced my school and yourself. Althea, he is yours to do with as you see fit.”
Althea glared at Nathan. “We meet again, prince. In all our years, the Sisters have never had a prince that each of us have had to punish multiple times. In all your punishments, you have yet to learn the lesson. You are still the same uncouth child you were upon your arrival. Every word of anger, every act of malice, every feeling of loathing,” she said, her hair billowing as the white stone on her crown began to glow and her eyes darkened to coal black, “will be shown as a scar on your body. Every lash of the tongue a lash on your back. Every evil thought a pockmark on your face. Every hurtful act a source of pain to you forever.”
Blinding white light surrounded Nathan and several princes shielded their princesses from the glare. Lucian turned Moira away as Adrian did the same with Allegra. Neither knew what would happen, but didn’t want his princess to witness it. Many covered their ears as howls of pain emitted from where Nathan was standing amidst the blinding light. When the light faded, no one would have recognized Nathan in the hideous form before them. He howled again before running from the room, his gait lopsided and limping.
Calista stopped Althea from leaving. “We have another student to deal with.”
“Please, Calista,” Leticia pleaded. “Don’t punish Benjamin. He was trying to protect me, as a gentleman would protect the women he loves. I’m not saying that his actions were right, but they came from good intentions and a loving heart.”
Smiling slightly, Althea said, “A gentleman does indeed protect and revere the women in his life. But he must also show self-restraint. Have no fear; your brother’s punishment will be small in comparison to your prince.”
Benjamin put a gentle hand on Leticia’s shoulder. “My actions were out of control. I deserve punishment. But I appreciate you standing up for me.”
“You’re my brother. I’ll always stand up for you.”
Calista and Althea walked out with Benjamin while several of Leticia and Eleanor’s friends surrounded the sisters. Soon the tone in the gym returned to normal as people continued to play and talk together. Lucian knew no one would forget the fate Nathan had brought upon himself. He was sure he’d have nightmares of the scarred, hideous face that had glowered at them as Nathan had run from the room. He was glad that at least Moira and Allegra wouldn’t have to remember that face.
As the gym emptied slightly while first and second year students went to eat lunch, the group of friends sat together in front of one of the fireplaces, having exhausted the games they wished to play. Eleanor was sitting close to Leticia. They had left long enough for Eleanor to help powder Leticia’s face. Even with the dusting of rouge and powder, the bruise Nathan left was still visible. No one mentioned it to her and she did not bring it up; no one wanted to. When it was time for the rest of the students to go to lunch, Benjamin and his princess, Grace, went with the friends. No one mentioned the unsightly wart on Benjamin’s nose. They knew it would go away soon enough. A silent conversation passed between brother and sister. Lucian knew that Leticia was assuring her brother that she really was alright. Laughter soon spread over the table. Benjamin was much like his sisters; kind, smiling and full of laughter. The meal continued pleasantly and then the third year students, as well as Clarissa and Allegra who were told that since their princes were third year students, they would follow their schedule, went upstairs to wait for their interviews. Most of the parents had begun arriving. Queen Lavinia was there and showered Moira with praise before greeting Adrian. “Looks like you’ve grown again,” she said, her voice strained. “We’ll have to go to the tailor for new trousers.”
“Yes, Mother, Lucian will need to come too,” Adrian replied.
She nodded as Calista called both Adrian and Lavinia to her office for their end of semester interview. Lucian looked curiously at Moira who shook her head. Instead, Allegra began talking to Moira about how they would get to Traifloran for the art competition. “Don’t worry,” Moira said, “I’ve already talked with Mother about it. We’ll all be going up. I was thinking of entering anyway, so I told Mother to take care of both our fees.”
“How could you have known I would decide to enter? I just made the decision this morning.”
“I’m your best friend, that’s how. I knew you couldn’t resist the temptation, especially with everything going on.”
Soon Adrian left the office, but Lavinia stayed behind. “What’s going on?” Moira asked.
Adrian shrugged, “Calista said she needed to speak with Mother privately for a moment.”
Not long after, Lavinia left the room, looking as though she’d swallowed a lemon. Thankfully Moira was called to go to the office Melantha was borrowing and she took her mother with her. Lucian wasn’t given time to ponder this as Calista called for him.
As she shut the door behind them, Calista said, “I’ll be having our conversation recorded so that I can mail it to your parents. I do wish that they could be here, but understand that under the circumstances they need to be where they are.” A pen on Calista’s desk was busily writing every word she said on a piece of lavender parchment. “Not every word. Wait until I start the interview,” she scolded. The parchment was suddenly wiped clean and the pen seemed to be looking innocently at Calista. She glared at it before saying, “Now, Lucian, how would you say this semester has gone?”
“It’s been hard,” he admitted at length. “I allowed myself to get discouraged, but then I thought of what my dad would want. It helped give me the strength to really do my best. I’m still a little behind, at least I think so. But I’m working hard now.”
“According to your teachers, you are doing remarkably well, despite your lapse in work. I’ve heard only positives from all of them. Raphael says that you are making progress in your right-handed work, even if you’re having trouble seeing it. He requests that you spend some time over the break practicing. I believe Adrian will be able to work with you. Vulcan says he expects you to continue to do extremely well in his class,” she added.
“Really? I didn’t think anyone was doing well. I mean, no one has beat Drone…I mean, Draconus at all.”
She laughed, “I see he’s earned his nickname once again. Back to the topic though, my understanding is that you are getting closer than your peers to being able to defeat him. Vulcan did say to beware of anger. Attacking in anger allows the dragon to have the upper hand. It distracts you. Keep your mind clear while you’re fighting. I’m proud of you, Lucian; you have done very well in spite of the challenges that have faced you this semester.”
“I’m only here because of Dad,” he said, hoping that the pen would continue writing. “Dad was the one who saw the Prince Charming in me. I think it’s because he’s a Prince Charming himself, underneath it all.”
Calista smiled and picked the pen up before setting it, motionless, back on the desk. “Nicely phrased, Lucian. And your point has been taken. I do hope that during the break you will take the opportunity to better acquaint yourself not only with your princess, but also with Adrian. I realize that you are already friends, but there is much that you can still learn about each other. Perhaps this winter, you’ll be able to solve some of the puzzles you’ve been dealing with.” When Lucian stared at her in disbelief, she continued, “The fairies know a great deal about the dealings of the families our students come from. We have to in order to best design your quests. Now, have a wonderful winter and I’ll see you again in January.”
Lucian left the room and after sending Jacobi and his parents to the office, went to find Adrian. He was sitting with Allegra outside what was normally Airlia’s office. “Have you had your interview yet?” Lucian asked as he sat on Allegra’s other side.
“Yeah, same old same old. It was nice though that she was recording the interview for Mom and Dad. They’ll appreciate getting that, even though they weren’t here.”
“My interview was recorded too,” Lucian replied.
Lavinia and Moira soon left the office and Lavinia said, “I know normally we would stay for the dinner, but I’d really like to get home as soon as possible. Are you boys packed and ready?”
“Yes, we are,” Lucian replied.
“Alright, I’ll get the carriage and you’ll have five minutes to say goodbye to your friends. Girls, I believe your things have already been taken out,” Lavinia added. She looked troubled and Lucian wondered what had been said to her during her interview.
Moira was looking at the floor. “Well, I’m going to find the girls and let them know we’re leaving.” She looked up at Allegra. “Don’t worry, we’ll ask Leticia at the contest what’s going to happen for her now. I’m sure they wouldn’t expel her because of her prince. It wouldn’t be fair.”
After saying goodbye to their friends and promising to write during break, the boys took their belongings out to the carriage where Lavinia and the girls were waiting. Lucian watched out the window as the castle shrank in the distance. He still wanted to go home and be with his father, but he knew that Moira was right. He wouldn’t be able to magically fix anything; it would be better for him to have the opportunity to rest. As Allegra pulled him into the conversation, he couldn’t help smiling and letting his worries slip away.

Year 3 Chapter 4
Back to Table of Contents

The first few days of vacation Lucian spent with Adrian outside riding horses, throwing snowballs, and hunting in the forests behind the castle. Clover and Rusty worked well as a team, flushing flocks of geese and searching for hares. When it was too cold to be outside, Adrian showed Lucian his fencing room and they practiced both left-handed and right-handed. “It feels weird being better than you at this,” Adrian admitted one afternoon.
“Trust me, it’s weird for me to be beaten.”
They continued working until Adrian said, “Well, suppertime. Let’s see how long I get ignored tonight.” Then, as though he hadn’t meant to say it, he added, “I mean, how long the girls talk.”
“Adrian, I already figured out that dinner doesn’t quite go the way you described it and that Moira’s not the one in the tower,” Lucian replied.
Blushing, he said, “I’m sorry, Lucian. I didn’t really want to lie to you; it’s just hard to admit that my mother seems to wish I’d just disappear.”
“Well, I won’t ignore you if it’s any consolation.”
Later that night, Lucian was lying silently on his bed, staring at the ceiling while the rest of the castle slept. He felt restless and frustrated. Since arriving, he’d rarely been able to talk to Moira. If anything, she seemed to avoid being near him except at meals where she would often talk and laugh, as though more for her mother to see than to actually communicate with Lucian.
Unable to sleep, he got up and lit a candle. Putting on his slippers and robe, he silently walked out of his room. He poked his head into Allegra’s room. She was fast asleep. Unwilling to disturb her, he closed the door before walking up the stairs. Adrian hadn’t really shown him the castle and he thought maybe walking about would do him good. He wandered about hallways, really not sure which direction he was going. He neared the castle’s large tower and opened the door, hoping that no one would hear it creaking. It was dark; the only light coming from the moonlit windows and the small flame of his candle. He continued up a flight of stairs until he came to an open room. It seemed to be a shrine dedicated to someone. There were several portraits of the same person along the walls. A suit of armor stood in one corner, still black from fiery blasts of a dragon’s breath. A sword glinted on the wall above the armor. There was a saddle in another corner and a desk covered by letters and other memorabilia. He looked around at everything and then stopped in front of one of the portraits. He gasped. It was Adrian, only older and more distinguished. But it was the same face, the same sandy brown hair, same sparkling green eyes and even the same smile.
“I see you’ve met my father,” a voice said behind him.
Lucian nearly dropped his candle as he whirled around. “You startled me.”
Moira stepped out from the shadows she’d been hiding in. “I’m sorry, I wasn’t trying to.” She walked closer to the portrait. “That’s my dad.”
“Adrian looks just like him,” he said.
“Painfully so, yes,” she replied.
“Adrian wasn’t banished to the tower because you fight.”
“No. Our relationship, while certainly not as good as yours and Allegra’s, was never bad either. When Dad died, Mother took everything that reminded her of him and threw it out. Adrian and I salvaged what we could, bringing it here. His favorite sword, the armor he saved Mother in, his portraits, the letters he wrote her; anything we could. Adrian has always been the spitting image of Dad. Mother couldn’t simply throw Adrian out, so she sent him to the tower. She does the minimum that she must with him. But,” she sighed, “it’s hard on both of us. She lives for every little thing I do while Adrian rarely hears a word of praise.”
“Is that why you won’t let me get near you?”
“What?” she asked, looking taken aback.
“I get it, you’re afraid that I’ll die young, right? That you’ll be left alone.”
“That’s not…”
Lucian continued before she could finish, “In the three years since we’ve met, I’ve tried everything I could think of to get to know you. I’ve tried talking about myself. I’ve tried to win games in the hopes of winning a question. I’ve gone out of my way to be nice to you and still you hold yourself back.”
“I can’t get to know you,” she said.
“Why not?” he demanded; his voice strained from trying not to shout. “We’re supposed to fall in love with each other. I don’t know anything about you. I don’t know what you like to do, what you hate to do, your favorite vacation; I don’t even know your favorite color! How am I supposed to get you to fall in love with me if we never get to know each other?”
“I don’t want to fall in love with you,” she cried.
Lucian took a step back from her as though she’d slapped him. “What?”
Moira was sobbing. “I’m sorry, Lucian. I can’t fall in love with you. Look at what happened to my mother. She lives as recluse within herself. She shuns her own son because he looks too much like the love she lost. She has no pictures in the house, no letters kept; nothing to remind her of him because of the pain it causes her. I don’t want to become my mother. I can’t. I can’t.” She slumped against Lucian’s chest, throwing her arms around him.
Unsure why he did it, Lucian ran his fingers through her hair. It was soft as satin and flowed like golden, silk threads between his fingers. He held her while she sobbed against his chest. Tears filled his eyes. So this was how it was going to be. Moira wouldn’t fall in love with him because she didn’t want to become her mother. They would never have happily-ever-after because she was afraid of banishing his memory should something happen to him.
“It’s no use, Lucian,” she said, rising to meet his gaze as she regained some control of her emotions. “You’ve broken every defense I’ve put up just by being you. Please, don’t try any harder. I’ll tell you anything you need to be able to complete your quest. I’ll do whatever I have to so that we can be happy. Just don’t ask me to fall in love with you, please. Let’s just be really good friends. And after your quest is over and you rescue me, we can be really good friends that get married. Please.”
Lucian stepped away from her and took her hand in his. He brought it gently to his lips, the only kiss they were ever allowed to share with their princesses. Althea had taught them in spell breaking that only love’s first real kiss would break a spell. “I’ll respect your wishes,” he said at length.
She smiled and seemed to breathe a sigh of relief. “Thank you, Lucian.”
He tried to return her smile, despite his heart shattering within him. “Good night, Moira,” he said, turning away from her.
“Lucian.”
Hoping she would take back what she had just said Lucian turned to face her again. “Yes?”
Moira smiled, “My favorite color is lavender.”

The next day, the group went into town so that they could buy supplies for the next semester. Lucian and Adrian both got new trousers as well as new doublets and jackets. The rest of the day was spent preparing for the trip to Traifloran. When they had finished, Adrian and Lucian spent some time in the fencing hall practicing. “You seem preoccupied,” Adrian commented. “Anything bothering you?”
“Nothing out of the ordinary,” Lucian replied. It wasn’t technically a lie; he had often worried about his relationship with Moira. However, he didn’t want to share with Adrian the conversation he’d had with Moira the night before.
“You know you’re the worst liar I know.” He set his sword down. “What’s bothering you?”
“You’re going to get mad at me.”
“No I won’t, just talk to me, okay?”
“I made Moira cry yesterday. Not on purpose,” he added hastily as Adrian scowled. “I couldn’t sleep last night so I wandered around and I found the tower with your dad’s things in it.”
“Moira was there, wasn’t she?” Adrian asked. Lucian nodded and he continued with a sigh, “Look, Lucian, we’re only fifteen, right? I know right now Moira’s worried that she’ll end up like our mother. It hurts both of us. When Dad was alive, my mother was happy and outgoing. After he died, she pulled into herself. Anything that reminded her of him was shunned, even me. But, I don’t think Moira will continue holding off from you. I mean, is there a prince at Charming Academy more charming than you?”
“George?” Lucian offered with a teasing smile.
“Okay, point,” Adrian admitted with a laugh. “But I think in the end, Moira will come around.”
“She told me last night that she doesn’t want to fall in love with me. She just wants to be friends.”
“What did you say?”
“What could I say? I couldn’t very well force your sister to fall in love with me. It’d be an insult to her and then she’d hate me forever. I told her I’d respect her wishes.”
“You don’t want to though,” Adrian said, seeing through his friend.
Lucian shook his head, “No I don’t. I never thought I’d fall in love with any girl. Much less Moira. She’s a beautiful girl, but she was always so reserved and frankly abrasive. And really, fall in love with a girl? It seems like yesterday that we were both talking about how gross love is and that we’d never love anyone.”
“Pretty naïve of us,” Adrian laughed. “I know it hurts, Lucian. But I think you’re doing this the right way. She’ll find her own strength. She may think she can resist you now, but it won’t last.”
“You think so?”
“Oh yeah, trust me,” Adrian said, clapping Lucian’s shoulder. “You just keep being the perfect gentleman you’ve always been and she’ll fall in love with you on her own. Then she only has herself to blame. Now come on, you’ve almost got me with that weak arm of yours. Let’s give it another go.”
They continued practicing until Allegra and Moira came in. For a while they didn’t notice the two girls standing in the doorway. Lucian turned and saw Moira watching him, a far away smile on her face. She flushed and said as the boys lowered their swords, “Mother said supper is nearly ready. Oh, and you may want to clean up before you come, Nana is here.” She smiled and then left with Allegra.
When they arrived at supper, Lucian met a woman who, if twenty years younger, could easily have been mistaken for Lavinia. Nana was tall and had the same face, though her hair was silvery white and flowed about her shoulders rather than the severe bun Lavinia favored. She was also a picture of optimism, her face lit with a beautiful smile that Lucian was sure Lavinia probably shared. “Well, if it isn’t my favorite grandson,” she said as Adrian walked in.
“Nana, it’s so good to see you,” he replied, eagerly enveloping himself in his grandmother’s outstretched arms.
“Oh, it’s good to see you too. My, my, you must have grown a foot since last I saw you,” she replied with a smile.
“Only five inches.”
“Close enough. Now, you must introduce me to your handsome young friend here.”
Adrian turned and waved Lucian over. “Lucian, this is my grandmother, the dowager queen Bethany. Nana, this is my best friend Lucian. He’s going to be Moira’s prince when they finish school.”
“Ooh,” she squealed. “Well, you certainly got the luck of the draw, Moira. He’s very handsome indeed. Where are you from young man?”
“Maltisten,” he replied, taking Nana’s hand and kissing it. “It’s a pleasure to meet you.”
“Oh I despise formality, Lucian,” she retorted and pulled him into an eager hug. “Welcome to Lictthane. You must tell me what you think of it. I’ve always preferred Fallcrest, being my home province, but it is quite nice here.”
Lucian caught on to Nana’s infectious optimism and laughed. “I like it very well here, though I do miss the ocean.”
“An ocean boy, yes, I could see it in your build.” Nana turned away from him and spied Allegra. “And who might this be?”
“I’m Allegra,” she replied with a smile. “Lucian is my older brother. When Adrian graduates, I’ll be his princess.”
“This is so delightful.” Nana clapped her hands together before clasping Allegra in a tight hug. “Lavinia, dear, you didn’t tell me what a beautiful family your children were marrying into. They are really quite darling. Over supper you must tell me everything there is to know about you. After all, if you’re marrying my grandchildren someday, I simply must approve.” She winked at Lucian and Allegra before the group sat at supper.
It was the most entertaining meal they’d had since their arrival. Nana brought a life and energy to the melancholy home that no one, not even Lavinia, could resist. When the meal was over they sat in the large parlor having dessert and Nana talked about everything under the sun. “Now Lavinia dear, whatever happened to that family portrait that used to be in here? I haven’t seen it in ages and it was a beautiful likeness. I don’t think you’ve seen any pictures of their father,” Nana continued turning to Allegra and Lucian, “but Adrian looks just like him.”
Lavinia hesitated a moment before clearing her throat. “It was unfortunately destroyed, Mother. There was a flood several years ago. Everything on the first floor had to be replaced.”
“What a pity,” Nana replied, not seeming to catch the lie in her daughter’s voice. “I’m sure I could you bring you a new portrait for your parlor. I have two excellent portraits from when the children were young.”
“No, really, Mother, that’s not necessary,” Lavinia insisted. “You would miss it far too much. I, I’ll have to contact the artist and see if he can make a replication.”
Adrian and Moira were looking nervously between their mother and grandmother as the conversation continued. Lucian caught Adrian’s eye. “Queen Bethany,” he began.
“Lucian, dear, I despise formality,” Nana interrupted. “Simply call me Nana.”
“What was it like in Fallcrest?” Lucian asked with a smile.
With that topic in her mind, Nana was off like a racehorse. She spoke long about the province she’d grown up in. The fire was dying in the fireplace and the candle light flickering as she continued her tale. Everyone was captivated by her story. She was able to weave a tapestry of words that was almost visible to her rapt audience. They could see the landscapes she painted and hear the mountain breezes whispering in their ears. After a long while she suddenly said, “My goodness. Listen to me chatter on like this, just like an old mother hen. You must all be exhausted and we have a long journey ahead of us tomorrow. Go on now, off to bed my precious ones. We’ll have all day to chat.” She hugged and kissed each child before watching them leave the room. “You have such wonderful children, Lavinia,” they heard her say as they left the room. “You should be proud of them.”
“I am, Mother,” Lavinia replied.

Nana made the ride to Traifloran fun and enjoyable as she continued to keep each of the occupants busily engaged in conversation. Lucian instantly took a liking to her. She was as giddy as a child and yet held the elegance of an adult. Even Lavinia seemed more relaxed and happy with her mother there. Lucian almost wished that the older woman lived with his friend’s family. He was sure that Nana’s bright optimism could easily overcome the dark shadows of Lavinia’s grief. Adrian was relishing in his mother’s attention as she tried to show equal attention to both of her children. It was obvious to Lucian that Lavinia was trying to keep her mother in the dark about how they lived when she was gone.
On arriving in Traifloran, Eleanor and Leticia immediately found the travelers. “You’re staying at our house.” Then they giggled as they realized they’d spoken together.
“It’s good to see you,” Allegra said, hugging each girl in turn. “What do you mean we’re staying at your house?”
“Mother and Daddy agreed that you could all stay with us for the competition. It’s only for a couple days anyway, and they’d be happy to house you,” Leticia replied.
“Yes, and we have rooms prepared for you, so you can’t refuse,” Eleanor added with a smile.
Lavinia said, “My mother surprised us with a visit. Will that be a problem?”
“I’m sure we can have another room arranged,” Leticia said.
“Nonsense,” Nana retorted. “I’ll stay with Lavinia. I get the feeling I need some one-on-one time with my little girl.”
“Mother, I haven’t been your little girl in many years,” Lavinia teased.
“Darling, even when you’re as old as the dust, you’ll still be my little girl,” Nana replied.
“Well, it’s settled then,” Eleanor said. “Come on, we’ll show you to the castle as soon as you’ve both set up your exhibits.”
After dropping off the pieces, the group followed Eleanor and Leticia to their family home. It was built at the base of a large mountain range. Snow covered trees surrounded the grounds like silent citadels. “Welcome to our home,” the queen said as they came inside. She had the same elfin looks that made Leticia different from Eleanor. “I don’t know that we’ve all been acquainted. I’m Queen Rebekah and of course you know my girls, Eleanor and Leticia. This is our son, Benjamin and my husband King Julian.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you,” Lavinia replied. “I’m Queen Lavinia and this is my mother, the dowager queen Bethany and these are my children, Adrian and Moira. We have Lucian and Allegra staying with us for the winter.”
“We’re glad you could stay with us,” Julian said. “In fact, you’re just in time for supper.”
They adjourned to the dining hall and friendly chatter and laughter flowed about the table. After a while, Allegra said, “I hate to bring up something painful, but I have to know. What’s going to happen with your schooling, Leticia?”
Frowning, Leticia replied, “I’ll continue going to Fair Damsels like the rest of you. It sounds like they’ll let me continue school and then set up a suitable match after graduation.”
“I can’t say that I’m very sorry, Leticia,” Julian said. “He was never well-suited to you.”
Leticia was too much the lady to agree aloud with her father, but Lucian could see in her eyes that she did.
“Anyhow,” Rebekah said, “enough of sadness. Now is a happy time. We’re surrounded by friends and family. Lavinia, tell us more about Lictthane. I don’t believe I’ve ever visited there. Is it pleasant?”

In the morning, the whole group went to the nearby art competition. It was within walking distance of the castle. On arriving, the girls prepared their pieces for viewing while Leticia stayed with her parents and Benjamin. At eleven o’clock sharp, the judges said everyone would be allowed to inspect the pieces. “Please do not touch anything,” the raspy-voiced, balding judge said as people began to move about.
Lucian looked about at the pieces girls and women from various parts of Sanalbereth had created. There were paintings and tapestries, meticulously detailed urns and glass jars. Moira had a pastel piece she had done of the grounds of Fair Damsels Academy. Lucian knew looking at it that it was a representation of Tallia and Achilles’ wedding. “I hope you’ll give it to them when this is over.”
“Of course I will,” he replied. “It’s beautiful. You are quite talented.”
She flushed. “Don’t let Allegra hear you say that. She might get jealous.”
“Nah, she’d be mad at me if I didn’t tell you that.”
“Well, you’d best continue on. I think Allegra’s piece is down and around the corner a little ways,” Moira said before turning her attention to another group who had come to view her piece.
Lucian stayed to listen as Moira described her inspiration and choice of colors and medium. He hadn’t even thought to ask her why she’d chosen that. In fact, he hadn’t asked anyone questions about their art. Was that how you were supposed to go about an art contest? He looked at Adrian who shrugged and they continued. Eleanor’s piece was a tapestry depicting a summery meadow with horses playing about a sparkling blue stream. He stopped to chat with Eleanor a while before moving on through the pieces. He hadn’t been able to find Allegra yet.
Adrian was the first to spy her. “Lucian, you’ve got to see this.”
Lucian turned and was sure that his jaw hit his shoes as his mouth fell open. Allegra was standing next to her painting. A bright smile, softened by tears, was on her face as she asked, “What do you think? If you tell me you like it then I can take last place and not even care.”
For a long time, Lucian couldn’t speak. In bright splashes of oil paint, Allegra had captured their father’s daring rescue of their mother. Alexandra was at the top of a tower, her hair a shimmering ribbon of red braid draped out the window as Lysander bravely climbed to the top. In one corner Allegra was standing with Adrian, hands clasped. The opposite corner showed Lucian and Moira, love’s first kiss breaking any enchantments between them. “Allegra, it’s…”
“I called it ‘Legacy’,” she interrupted. “Do you like it?”
“It’s wonderful, Allegra. You captured everyone beautifully. Although, I hope that painted kisses don’t count for spell breaking. Otherwise I might be in trouble.”
Allegra laughed and smacked his arm. “I highly doubt it.”
Leticia appeared with Benjamin and gasped, “Oh Allegra, that’s beautiful. That’s your parents and there you are in the corner with Adrian and there’s Moira and Lucian. It’s breathtaking, Allegra. No wonder you wouldn’t show it to the rest of us. Now, you have to tell me the stories that you’ve made up for yourself and Lucian.”
Later in the afternoon, the artists were allowed to visit the other contestants’ pieces. Moira and Eleanor added their surprise and compliments to Allegra’s piece. “Oh I hope you win, Allegra. That’s so lovely,” Eleanor said.
Moira flushed at seeing herself in the piece and said, “It’s very nice, Allegra. You must have put a lot of work in this to capture everyone so accurately.”
Allegra smiled and then they all went about looking at the other pieces while the judges were making their final rounds. There was an hour break for luncheon so the judges could deliberate. The group of friends went to the castle and enjoyed conversation and warm chicken soup before heading back to the competition for the announcement of the winners. When they arrived back, Allegra whispered, “There are so many talented women here; I doubt I’ll place at all.”
“If I were a judge, I’d give you first,” Lucian replied.
“Ah, but you are biased,” she said. “You’d give me first no matter what.”
They listened as the raspy-voiced judge announced the winners. Moira received honorable mention in the pastel division and Eleanor received second place in tapestry. Allegra wasn’t mentioned during the paint division and everyone shot her a look of shared disappointment and condolence. They almost didn’t hear the judge say, “Our overall competition champion is Princess Allegra of Maltisten and her piece ‘Legacy’. Princess Allegra?”
“That’s you, Allegra,” Adrian said suddenly. Her jaw dropped and she stood up.
“Ah, there she is. Come along, dear,” the judge said. He was holding a large trophy. Applause burst over the crowd as Allegra slowly made her way up to the stage on which he was standing. She accepted the trophy as well as a large bouquet of red and white roses while another judge pinned a vibrantly colored ribbon to her gown. “Once again, Princess Allegra of Maltisten!” the judge announced.
With the most brilliant smile Lucian had ever seen, Allegra curtsied deeply before returning to her seat as the judge announced the gallery would be open for viewing for the rest of the day. “Artists, please pick up your pieces in the morning. Congratulations to all our talented ladies.”
The group headed home and the whole evening Allegra expressed her disbelief in winning and her wish that her parents had been there. Congratulations were given to all of the participants and especially to Allegra. When the adults told them it was time to retire, Allegra came to Lucian’s room. “If you’re tired, I’ll leave, but I couldn’t possibly sleep now. I’m too excited.”
He laughed, “Come sit down.” After she did he hugged her. “Congratulations, Allegra. You really did a fabulous job. I knew you’d get something.”
“There were so many women who deserved it much more than I did. I mean, I did okay, but really there were some fabulous pieces there,” Allegra said.
“Yes, but yours had the most heart. And don’t tell me I’m biased,” Lucian interrupted before she could even begin to speak. “You must have worked on that for weeks to get it done that well.”
“Two and a half months.”
“See? You earned it. And now you can send Mom and Dad a beautiful letter all about it.”
She frowned. “I don’t want to send them a letter. I want to tell them in person. I know we promised we wouldn’t go home for break, but it’s only three hours from Lictthane. We wouldn’t stay long, just long enough to show Mom and Dad.”
Lucian hesitated. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to go home. He did, but he also knew that he’d never gone back on a promise before. He didn’t think now would be a great time to start. “I don’t know Allegra. Let’s see what Lavinia says tomorrow. It might be better to just send a letter for now.”
Nodding, she said, “I miss them.”
“I do too,” he admitted. “Now, go pretend to sleep, okay?”
“Okay, I’ll see you in the morning. Good night, Lucian.”
“Good night, Allegra.”
She got up and started to walk out of the room. “Lucian?” she said at the doorway. When he turned to look at her she smiled and said, “I love you.”
“I love you too, Allegra. Get to sleep.”

Unsurprisingly, Lavinia turned down their request to go home. She’d agreed to mail a letter to their parents about the competition, including Allegra’s ribbon, but Allegra shook her head. “No, I’ll write it.” However, as the days passed, the letter didn’t get written. Allegra couldn’t bring herself to write the words she longed to say in person. Lucian could tell she was becoming desperate and so spent more time with her. One afternoon as a snowstorm raged outside, there was a knock at the door. “I wonder who that could be in weather like this,” Lavinia said as she opened the door. “Oh, please come in.”
A tall, cloaked form entered. “Thank you, Queen Lavinia. I shan’t be long,” a familiar voice replied. “I’m here for Allegra and Lucian.”
The two, who had been sitting with Adrian, Moira and Nana in the parlor heard their names and went into the foyer. Pulling back the hood covering her head, Calista turned towards the children. “We haven’t much time,” she said. “You must go home now.”
Allegra choked on tears while Lucian put his arms around her, trying to hold back the tears stinging his eyes.
“We’re coming too,” Moira said suddenly.
Calista shook her head, “While I value your kindness, this is something they need to do alone.”
“No,” Adrian argued, standing at Moira’s side. “We did this alone. We’re not going to abandon our friends to do it alone as well.”
Calista sighed, “I haven’t time to argue. If you insist on coming you must get ready now.”
Gathering coats and scarves, the family got ready to go while Allegra and Lucian gathered their things. Within minutes, they were in one of Charming Academy’s carriages racing the wind towards Maltisten. Lucian’s mind was in a whirl. What if they arrived too late? What if his father was already dead? Why on earth was Calista there anyway? Calista was silent on the journey while Lucian tried to comfort his sister. Moira was sitting on Allegra’s other side, patting her arm. At one point, she lifted her eyes to meet Lucian’s. As though he could hear her voice, he knew what she was telling him. “I’ll be here, for both of you.”
Lucian smiled. “Thank you,” he returned in the same silent manner.
Moira covered his hand with hers as the carriage rocked along the road.
Once in Maltisten, the butler opened the door. “Calista Periwinkle, and Master Lucian, Miss Allegra, what are you doing here?”
“I have business to conduct here. I brought the children to be with their father,” Calista replied. “Please, it is urgent. Where is King Lysander?”
The butler frowned. “He’s up in his chambers with the mistress.” He looked at Allegra and Lucian with sorrow. “I’m sorry my young ones. The doctor says it’ll be any day now.”
Tears fell unrestrained from Allegra’s eyes and the group followed the butler to the master suite. On opening the door, Alexandra looked up. “Lucian, Allegra, what…Calista? I don’t understand.”
“I’ve come as a representative of the fairy council,” Calista replied, standing at the end of the bed while Alexandra embraced her children. “Lysander, are you awake?”
 “I am. What brings you to my home?” Lucian was shocked at the image before him. His father who had always been strong was now pale and thin, a pallid form against the sheets of his bed. His voice was raspy and drawn, as though the effort of speaking was too much.
Calista smiled. “I come bearing wonderful news. First however, I know your daughter has something she wishes to tell you.”
Allegra choked again. “Oh Daddy!”
“What is it my star?” Lysander asked. “What would you like to tell me?”
“I, I,” she stammered. Her tears cut her voice short and she threw her arms around her father.
“Allegra won the art competition in Traifloran, Dad,” Lucian said, trying to curb his own emotions. He pulled out Allegra’s painting. “This is what she entered.”
Lysander looked at the painting and stroked Allegra’s hair. Alexandra had tears of her own as she looked from the painting to her heartbroken daughter. “It’s perfect, Allegra. I’m so proud of you. Quite the lady now.”
“I love you Daddy,” Allegra sobbed. “I just wanted to capture your story.”
“This leads me into my purpose for being here,” Calista said gently. “After consideration of new information gathered by the council from various sources, we have changed the ruling we came to years ago. The story of Princess Alexandra of Maltisten and Lysander, Prince Charming of Coleston has now been written.” Pulling from under her cloak a bound leather volume, Calista handed it to Alexandra. “Within the book, you will find an honorary diploma from Charming Academy and a copy of your quest and the record of your brave deeds as compiled by Phillipa Rosepetal, myself and other fairy historians. Congratulations, Lysander, Prince Charming.”
Tears filled the eyes of the sickened king. “You see, my love,” he said, turning to Alexandra, “you don’t have to be stuck with second best anymore. You get the Prince Charming you always deserved.”
Alexandra choked on her own tears. “Oh, Lysander, I never thought you were second best.”
“You didn’t?”
“No. It doesn’t matter what these fairies have done. You have always been Prince Charming to me.” She kissed him gently, their tears mingling together.
Calista smiled as a magical glow brightened the room. “Well, I must return to the academy,” she said as everyone looked at her in confusion. “My work here is finished. Have a swift recovery, King Lysander. Lucian and Adrian, I’ll see you soon at school.” She then left the room.
“Well,” Lavinia said after a while, “we should go too.”
“Oh, no, please stay,” Alexandra pled. “We’d love to have you. I appreciate so much you taking the children for me so that I could take care of Lysander. It’s only fair that you stay here. You’ve had a very fast trip unexpectedly.”
Lavinia hesitated, “Well…”
“Please, Mother,” Moira begged. “I’m sure Nana would love to get to know Lucian and Allegra’s parents.”
Nana smiled, “Oh yes, I must get to know all about you.”
“And I want to hear the story,” Adrian added. “Come on, Mother, we’ll be the first in the whole world to hear it. Please?”
A rare laugh escaped Lavinia. “I see I’m outvoted.”
“Wonderful,” Alexandra said. She turned back to Lysander. “Now, you are going to get some rest while I take care of everyone.”
“You expect me to rest after all this excitement?” Lysander teased, trying to sit up. “Why I feel better already.”
Alexandra pushed him back. “You’re staying right here and resting until supper. Lucian and Allegra can speak to you later.”
“Yes, Mother.” He kissed Alexandra.
“I’m hardly your mother,” Alexandra retorted before kissing him again and shuffling everyone out.
Once everyone was outside the room, Nana caught Alexandra’s arm. “Now, my dear, you must tell me everything about yourself and your dear husband.”

Year 3 Chapter 5
Back to Table of Contents

The next month seemed to fly. Lysander gradually got better, though Alexandra would not allow him to travel with Allegra and Lucian back to school. Instead, she arranged with Lavinia to take the children so that she could stay with Lysander. On arriving back at school the boys immediately fell back into their schedules. One bitingly cold day, they shivered their way to the stables for horsemanship. When they arrived, Phillipa said, “Go back to the castle, boys, class is cancelled.
“What?” Kaelen argued. “But Phillipa, you never cancel class.”
“I do when there’s a blizzard on the way. Now come on, quickly, back to the castle,” Phillipa replied, ushering them from the barn. Lucian could see her bright pink fairy eyes doing one last check on all the horses and equipment before she locked the doors and then whispered a fairy spell on the barn before following the boys inside. As they walked, the boys saw other classes coming from the gym and from the gazebo.
Upon going inside, Calista was standing nearby. “Anyone missing from your class?”
“No, Calista. Everyone is accounted for.”
“Good, you’ll find your usual emergency quarters ready for you,” she replied.
“Thank you,” Phillipa said before smiling at the boys and walking down a corridor they’d never explored. In fact, Lucian was quite sure it had never been there before.
Soon Achilles entered with his class and Lorelei’s class. “Everyone’s here, Calista.”
Calista smiled. “In that case, you’d best go to your emergency quarters. They’re ready for you and Tallia.” As Achilles walked away she turned to the boys in the hallway. Lucian could tell she was doing a mental headcount. Assured that everyone was indeed present, she said, “Now, for those of you who would normally be in class right now, you’ll find assignments in the common room. They will pertain to what you have been learning. You may adjourn to that room until it is time for your next classes.”
The boys headed into the commons and immediately saw the stacks of assignments that Calista had referred to. Each class grabbed their own assignment and went to various parts of the room to work.
The blizzard lasted for almost a full week. Phillipa assured worried boys that their horses would be perfectly fine and would not want for warmth or food. “The barn has been blessed,” she told them. “The horses will automatically be fed. If they are cold, a blanket will be wrapped about them. When you are normally in class, they will be allowed out of their stalls and into the indoor arena. When done there, they will be brushed down and fed. It will be as though I myself am there to care for them.”
Even without their outdoor classes, the boys weren’t lacking in work. They were kept busy in their regular classes as well as having assignments in the commons. Midway through the week following the blizzard, the boys were finally able to go to their outdoor classes. Sunshine was blinding on the snowdrifts as they walked to their classes. While walking to the gazebo with George Friday afternoon, Lucian saw that even the witches’ garden had not been entirely safe. Lucretia and Maeve could be seen salvaging what plants they could and sadly discarding others. He was glad to see that the flower garden he’d continued adding to had somehow survived the wintry blast.
At supper the boys discussed the effect the storm had taken on their classes. “Oh the fairies are just loving this,” Kaelen muttered as he piled food onto his plate. “They’re trying to squeeze a week and a half into one or two days’ work.”
“Well, think about it Kaelen,” George said, “we missed out on a lot of instruction. They have to get us back on track.”
“Do you always take their side?” Kaelen asked.
George rolled his eyes and sighed, “I’m making a point, Kaelen. If you don’t want to face facts that’s fine, but don’t get mad at the rest of us.”
Kaelen scowled but didn’t reply. The rest of the boys ignored this. His attitude after winter break had gotten worse. The boys were trying their best to continue in their friendship, but even Adrian was losing patience.
Later as they finished their meals, George asked Lucian, “Have you heard from home recently?”
Lucian knew what they were all hoping to hear and smiled broadly, “The doctors say that Dad has made a full recovery. He’s still working himself back up to his old strength; the weeks of disuse have weakened his muscles. But he said that by the time I come back for summer, he’ll be good as new.”
Adrian smiled, “That’s great news.”
“You know, I think it’s so great that they wrote your dad’s story,” Jacobi said. “That’s really exciting. I’ve never heard of anything like that happening before.”
“I can’t think of anything,” George added. “But I bet the very first princes didn’t come here.”
“That’s possible,” Lucian admitted. “I don’t know. But I know Dad’s really happy with it. He’s got the book on a special shelf in our library.”
They continued to talk for a while before going to their rooms to study and do homework before bed. Lucian had kept to his promise of trying his very best. While at home, he’d had the opportunity to talk to his dad about everything. “I just got discouraged,” he’d told Lysander. “You were dying and it didn’t seem to matter anymore. And then I almost ruined my chance of ever getting her to like me. It took me a while but I realized that I needed to keep at it, to not lose focus.”
Lysander had smiled weakly. “I wish I’d been there to help you, son. But I’m glad you pulled yourself together. You’re a lot stronger than you think. How are things with Moira? She’s growing lovelier every time I see her.”
The chiming of the clock forced Lucian to refocus his thoughts. He stretched his arms over his head and looked at the page of halffinished homework on his desk. It was no use; he couldn’t finish it with his thoughts straying. He stifled a yawn as he got up from the desk and pushed the chair in. He changed into his pajamas and blew out the candles before crawling under the covers and allowing his mind to continue wandering until sleep silenced his thoughts.
In the morning, Lucian spent another twenty minutes working on the assignment before going to breakfast. Adrian was downstairs already. They chatted until the others arrived, pulling them into the conversation as they came. Afterwards they walked together to the commons. It was too cold to go outside, but none of them wanted to do their homework alone; except Kaelen. He left them and went to his room. “If this is a stage he’s going through, he better grow out of it soon,” George said in frustration.
“I don’t think it’s entirely Kaelen’s fault,” Lucian replied. The others stared at him and he explained, “Look, he started going back to his better-than-everyone attitude after he discovered Esmé. I think all the time he spends with her when she is here and then constantly trying to impress her is bringing out the worst in him. I mean, honestly, Kaelen’s always thought he was better than the rest of us.”
“Yeah, but at least he used to pretend to hide it,” Jacobi pointed out.
“I know, and believe me, I miss the old Kaelen. But, maybe what he needs is a dose of reality.”
“I sure hope it’s soon,” Adrian sighed. “We’re not the only ones losing our patience. If he’s not careful, he’ll find himself on the wrong side of the witches and that’s a dangerous place to be.”
They continued to work on their homework for a while before deciding to go to their own rooms to read their mail. Lucian opened his mailbox and was surprised by an explosion of letters falling from it. “How on earth did Laria manage to get all of that in there?” he asked as he watched his friends have similar reactions with their own mailboxes.
“Magic?” Adrian suggested, picking up a few letters that had fallen on the ground. “I guess the storm put everyone behind.”
Lucian nodded and picked up his mail. He walked into his room and grabbed a few pieces of paper from his desk to write replies on before flopping on his bed with the stack of mail. Rusty looked up from his own bed and woofed softly. “Yeah, you can come up,” Lucian said, patting the bed next to him. Rusty jumped onto the bed and circled around for a while before lying down again. Lucian scratched behind Rusty’s ears as he read one of the letters from Moira.
Dear Lucian,
I’m sure because of the storm this isn’t going to reach you for a while. But, I wanted to write anyway.
Over winter break, I promised to tell you everything you need to complete your quest. I don’t know how much any of this will actually help, but I’ve decided to start answering some of your questions.
Your first question was what I like to do. I’ve always enjoyed the arts, especially sewing. I design my own clothes often. In fact, if you remember the gown I was wearing the day of our winter meeting; that was one of my creations.
I enjoy spending time outdoors. The shell that you gave me was perfect and I have it on my bedside table. It’s still as colorful as the day you gave it to me. There’s something special about that, but I haven’t quite placed in my mind why.
Well, there’s your first answer. If you continue to ask questions, I’ll continue to answer. Nana told me over break that every relationship starts with trust and knowing about the other. So, I suppose I should take her advice. She was quite smitten with you, you know. She even threatened to steal you away from me.
Enjoy your classes and I’ll see you in the spring.
Your Friend,
Moira
Lucian smiled and opened the other letter. This one was shorter, a note saying she hoped he was warm and safe and that she’d hear from him soon. He was disappointed that there wasn’t more to it, but smiled anyway and read the rest of his mail before beginning a letter to Moira.

As March began, winter retreated. The fields of snow melted away; revealing young, tender shoots of green grass. The breezes were still chilled by winter’s frost, but the boys could sense spring around the corner. Sunshine began filtering through the buds of spring leaves on trees and bushes. Daffodils and spring tulips were blooming in the gardens Russett looked after. As they walked to their outdoor classes they could hear the sounds of birds chirping in the trees and animals were beginning to come out of their winter nests.
The world around them wasn’t the only thing changing. In spell breaking, many of the boys had noticed that Althea seemed to be aging, a streak of gray showing in her ebony hair. There were also frequent mishaps in spell breaking, some of them more dangerous than others. The Tuesday before the spring visit with the princesses, Althea didn’t show up at all. Instead, they found her neat handwriting on the board detailing their assignment and her old black cat, Horus, sitting on the desk, his tail twitching. Even with Althea gone, the boys knew it would be best not to disobey her orders.
The rest of the day continued normally until Calista rose to make an announcement. “For the next two days, you will not be allowed out of the castle. This is for your own safety as the witches go through the Change. Althea informed me this morning that Maeve has passed; the beginning of this process for them. Classes have been cancelled so that we can ensure that everyone stays safely within the castle while they pass through this ordeal. This is not something to be taken lightly. Their magic is outside their control and the fate of anyone foolish enough to go out will not be pleasant. When you finish your supper, you will go to your dormitories.”
A curious gleam lit Kaelen’s eyes, “We should watch from our windows.”
“Are you nuts?” Jacobi asked. “Don’t you remember what Althea told us in class about the Change? Their magic is transferred and the elements combine until separating into the new carriers. It’s a form of magic so potent and ancient that the witches themselves are in danger of being lost to it.”
“All the more reason to watch. Or are you chicken?”
“Kaelen, Jacobi’s right,” Lucian insisted. “There’s no telling what may happen even from something as seemingly innocent as watching from a window.”
Kaelen scowled, “How’d I end up friends with a bunch of babies?”
The others looked hurt and something in George snapped. “Well, if you hate our company that much, we’ll leave.”
Lucian hung back long enough to say, “Friends don’t treat each other that way, Kaelen. When the old you comes back, the one we’re friends with, let us know.” He then followed the others.
Late that night, Kaelen was pacing his room while the rest of the castle slept. The fairies had put some kind of enchantment on the curtains and they wouldn’t budge. He had to know what was going on. Esmé would think him so clever if he discovered the witches’ secret. He’d prove the others wrong about the danger. What harm could come from watching by a window?
Making his decision, Kaelen slipped silently from his room and crept downstairs. He could see the shadowed form of a fairy by the entrance. He’d already guessed that it would be guarded. Waiting to see the fairy turn, Kaelen silently tip-toed around the corner and start heading for the spell breaking classroom. That would be the best place to watch from. There were windows in there viewing the witches’ garden. He twisted the doorknob slowly and entered. When he did, the room was eerily lit by flashes of colored lights. He crept past desks and shelves towards the windows, despite an ominous feeling of foreboding. At first he stayed there, trying to see what was happening. He couldn’t see much. There were five witches, but he couldn’t have told anyone who they were. They were unrecognizable. Each had white hair billowing and streaming around them; their faces expressionless. Bursts of light flowed from one to the other and into a central ball that glowed brightly and seemed to pulse as though alive. He looked at the door and considered going back, but curiosity won out. Slowly, he pulled the door open.
The scene before him was both beautiful and terrifying. The witches’ voices were blended together as one, chanting in some language that Kaelen couldn’t understand. Each of them was surrounded in a cloud of colors. It seemed to be transferring the powers of each between them. The five talismans the witches usually carried were levitating around the central ball of power.
Kaelen was about to decide that he’d seen enough when he saw Horus at his feet. Before he could do or say anything, the cat hissed and the Sisters turned towards Kaelen. Their eyes glowed white as they hissed in their one voice, “Intruder!”
Blinding bands of light wrapped about Kaelen’s legs, preventing him from running. They wound up his legs and body like a vine around a tree. He screamed as they tightened around him, cutting off his air. He begged the witches to release him as the bands circled his neck and face, but they had turned back to their circle, seeming not to hear him. Panic filled him as the bands closed around his face. Still they tightened, cutting off his vision of what was happening until he saw no more.

Raphael, who had been guarding the front entrance, suddenly saw a blast of light from the end of the hall. “No,” he whispered as he sprinted towards it. He sent multiple tan notes from his wand to the others in the castle. When he reached the door, he could hear screaming. The powerful streams of magic and light were trying to break through the door. If he opened the door to save whoever was out there, the wild magic would enter the school, putting everyone in danger. He had a split second to make a decision. Using all of his strength, Raphael used his wand to bar the door. As others arrived, they added their magic to his as they tried to keep the wild magic from getting into the castle.
“What happened?” Calista asked as she joined the others.
“I don’t know, I’ve been watching this whole time,” he replied. “Calista, I think one of the boys is in there.”
Her violet eyes showed an expression of concern and sorrow. Others turned to look at her. “There’s nothing we can do right now for him,” she said at length, sadness causing her voice to tremble. “We must protect the others. When the Change is complete, we’ll do what we can for him. Russett, go search among the boys. Find out if anyone’s missing. Perhaps it’s just an animal.”
“Alright.” He left. His wand hovered, trembling from the effort of holding the magic at bay.
Gelasia closed her eyes and began a different chant. Perhaps she could save the stranger’s life. She put all of her energy into protecting the being she couldn’t see.
Russett returned soon. “It’s Kaelen, Calista. He’s the only one not in his room.”
“Is there nothing we can do?” Honoria asked desperately as piercing screams turned to howls.
“No,” Calista commanded. “We must protect the others. Kaelen is a strong young man. The most we can do is hope he survives and then do what we can for him from there.”

At dawn Friday morning, when the danger was past, Raphael opened the door of the classroom that the fairies had guarded. They were exhausted and their magic all but spent. Calista had broken from the group long enough to help Tallia slip a drop of sleeping potion into every boy’s mouth. It would cause them to sleep for two full days. None of the boys would remember Wednesday or Thursday happening, but the fairies would never forget. Broken jars and scraps of parchment were scattered around the room, still glowing from the residue of powerful magic. Calista searched the room and on seeing the wide open door leading into the witches’ garden, gingerly stepped around bits of broken glass and outside. The classroom hadn’t been the only thing affected by the surge of power around it. Several of the plants in the garden were much different than they had been. Calista saw the five witches standing in a circle. “Althea?” she asked somewhat timidly.
Althea turned with a smile. Her hair was streaked with silver and her normally black gown had been replaced by one in deep violet. “I’m sorry Calista, I’m no longer the head of the Sisters. I believe you wish to speak with Calypso. She is now our head and can best help you.”
“Is the Change finished then?” Calista asked, approaching the five Sisters.
Calypso, her once brown hair now black as the gown she wore, turned and said, “Yes, Calista, it is finished. Unfortunately, we have found a victim of the Change we were not expecting.”
The Sisters stepped aside as Calista stepped closer. She gasped as she looked at the body lying on the ground. It had to be Kaelen, and yet she wished it weren’t. A large, fur-covered beast lie motionless on the ground wearing the tattered remains of a school uniform. “Is he alive?”
“Barely,” Althea replied.
“We had hoped to be able to reverse the magic that caused this,” Calypso said. “However, as you well know, the Change has greater power than even the five of us combined.”
Calista looked at each of the Sisters. It would take time for her to put the right names with them again. Maeve was now a young, beautiful blonde wearing the ruby necklace and flaming red gown. Lucretia’s hair had darkened to auburn, which created a lovely contrast against the blue gown she had inherited with the shell bracelets. Calypso stood in the crown, signifying her place among the Sisters. Morghana’s hair was white and wild around her shoulders and she wore the green gown that had once been Maeve’s. She sighed, “Well, let’s take him to the infirmary. Could you please help move him? We’ve been barring the door for so long, I’m afraid none of my staff have the strength.”
Calypso smiled and raised her hands and Kaelen was lifted from the ground. She directed him to the infirmary. The others followed her. When they arrived, Tallia waved to an empty bed and Calypso gently placed Kaelen upon it. “We’ll stay with you until he awakes. He will have questions that will need to be answered,” Calypso said.
“Thank you,” Calista said. “Tallia, is there anything you can do for him?”
Stifling a yawn, Tallia replied, “I can do my best. I hardly know where to begin.”
“May I?” Morghana asked. “Each Sister has her own unique gifts that follow her no matter what her rank in the Sisterhood. Despite my wild appearance, medicine is my specialty.”
“Of course,” Calista replied. “How could I have forgotten?”
“Well,” Morghana rasped, “I don’t need to remind you how long you’ve worked here. This is hardly the first Change you’ve seen. You’re also exhausted in mind, body and spirit. Take some rest. He’ll awaken soon enough. In fact, Calypso, why don’t you have Maeve look at the star charts.”
“Me?” Maeve asked. “But, I can’t, I don’t know how.”
“My dear,” Althea said, patting her hand gently, “it will come naturally to you. As healing is Morghana’s gift, your gift is in the stars. Take a look at the charts and they will speak to you.”
“Are you sure?” Maeve asked, looking at each of her Sisters in turn.
“Of course,” Calypso replied. “Each of us has a special gift. Yours is indeed reading the stars. Go to the charts, Lucretia will show you where they are kept.”
Lucretia led Maeve away and Althea turned to Calista, “You should take some rest. Morghana will be able to take care of him.”

Kaelen woke up in the infirmary late that evening. “How are you feeling, young prince?” Maeve asked him. Wait, that wasn’t Maeve, it looked and sounded more like Morghana.
“Tired,” Kaelen replied in a voice that was more like a growl. He raised a hand to his throat and was horrified to see that where his hands should have been were paws with talon-like claws and golden-brown fur. “What have you done to me?”
“Your transformation was a result of the Change,” Calypso said. “Quite frankly, you’re lucky to be alive at all. The Sisters and I cannot change you back to yourself. Neither can the fairies. This transformation is going to completely alter your quest. You are a beast now Kaelen; you won’t be able to do what was originally set forth.”
“I’m a beast?” he shouted, his voice thunderous and frightening even to himself.
“Fitting isn’t it?” Lucretia asked.
“Lucretia,” Calypso chided, “you are not helping. Keep your opinions to yourself.” Lucretia blushed, but said nothing. “Yes, Kaelen you are a beast. We have already tried to undo this magic, but it is beyond us. Maeve, have you read the star charts?”
“Yes, I have,” she replied. “It was amazing how easy it was, just as Althea said. I just looked and it was all right there. It was the easiest thing in the world.”
“Would you kindly tell us what you read?”
“Read where?”
“The star charts, Sister. What did you read?”
 “Oh,” she said, “of course. How silly of me. The transformation Kaelen has gone through cannot be undone by any of us. Only the maiden who is a true princess at heart will be able to rescue him. He must be able to fall in love with her and win her love for him before this magic will be undone.”
“What kind of stupid thing is that?” Kaelen asked. “Seriously, the stars told you?”
Maeve’s eyes flashed a venomous green as her blonde hair billowed out around her. “Do not insult the stars, prince. You have only seven years to win the love of this maiden as it is. Do not tempt me to shorten your time considerably.”
“Sister,” Calypso scolded, “control yourself.”
Maeve’s hair returned to normal and her eyes faded back to aqua green. “I’m sorry, Calypso. Anyhow, I cannot say more about it; the stars forbid it.”
Calypso turned to Kaelen and Calista, “Well, there’s your answer. We’ve done all that we can. I would recommend that Kaelen be put in double spell breaking as soon as possible. He will need the extra instruction. We’ll leave you now.”
Calista sighed, “Very well. Thank you, Calypso. I’ll be in touch with you soon about how we’ll proceed. In the meantime,” she directed at Kaelen, “the meeting with the princesses is tomorrow. We’ll have to groom you the best we can.”
“I’m not seeing Esmé like this,” he cried. “What would she think of me? She would think it was a joke at her expense.”
“Kaelen, your princess has to be able to fall in love with you,” she replied. “That means she needs to see you. Besides, Esmé should be mature enough to understand when we explain the situation.”
That evening at supper, the boys discovered Kaelen’s fate. Several of the younger boys squealed in terror as Kaelen entered the dining hall. For the second time in his life, he wished he could become invisible. It was difficult to get through the line for his supper; the tray was slick in his paws and the claws didn’t help. The fairy serving them fainted when he showed up, causing giggles among some of the boys until Kaelen started growling. A different fairy started serving the boys and placed silverware on Kaelen’s tray as she watched him struggle. “Thanks,” Kaelen muttered before heading to the table Lucian and the others were sitting at. “Can I sit with you guys?”
“Pull up a chair,” Adrian said.
“So which one of you wants to say ‘I told you so’ first?” Kaelen asked.
“We may have thought it, but I don’t think any of us planned on saying it,” George replied.
“Well, you can say it. If I ever deserved it, I do now,” Kaelen said. He told them as much as he could remember. “It was like living in a nightmare,” he said at length.
“So, what are they going to do?” Jacobi asked. “We meet with the princesses tomorrow.”
Kaelen growled, “The fairies are going to help me get groomed and looking as handsome as possible and then I’ll be meeting Esmé. Maybe Calista’s right and she’ll be okay with it.”
The other boys looked at each other. None of them thought for a minute that Kaelen’s princess would take his transformation well. In fact, they were sure that it was going to be the greatest disaster they’d ever had with the princesses.

When the princesses arrived Saturday morning, Kaelen was waiting for his princess along with everyone else. He saw Calista stop and explain something to Melantha. He could see her frown and turn to relay a message to her girls. As the girls began entering, some screamed in fright at the sight of Kaelen. Others gasped, but held their composure as they walked to their princes. When Esmé entered the castle she screamed before collapsing in a dead faint. Melantha and Calista rushed to help her back to her feet. Kaelen walked nearer to her. Her eyes fluttered open. “What happened?”
“You swooned, dear,” Melantha said. “Esmé, we need you to be strong. Kaelen is slightly altered from the last time you saw him.”
Slightly? Kaelen thought. That’s certainly a matter of opinion. Aloud he said, “Esmé?”
Esmé turned to Kaelen, her green eyes widening in fright and then narrowing in fury. “What did you do?”
Kaelen began stammering. “What he did is unimportant,” Calista interrupted him. “The important thing is that together you must overcome this obstacle. He is going to need you, Esmé.”
“That hideous beast?” Esmé cried. “Absolutely not! That’s not Kaelen. You tell me what you’ve done with Kaelen, you monster!”
“Esmé, I am Kaelen,” he said. His voice was a low growl, harsh and wild sounding.
“You did this on purpose didn’t you?” Esmé shouted. “Did you want me to be a laughingstock? Look at yourself, you’re not a boy and you’re certainly not a man; you’re a monster. You did this to humiliate me. Well, it’s the last straw, Kaelen. I’ve never been so insulted in all my life.” She sniffed as though crying, though Kaelen could see that her emerald eyes were dry.
“Esmé, I didn’t do this on purpose. I never meant for this to happen. I need you to stand by me, you’re my princess,” he pleaded.
“I?” she asked, her voice biting and superior. “No, Kaelen, I am not your princess. Nor will I ever be.”
“Esmé,” Melantha interrupted, “don’t you understand? Together you must solve this if Kaelen is to return to himself. If you refuse to help him, you doom him to a terrible fate.”
“Not only that, but you doom yourself to a life of solitude,” Calista added.
A cold laugh escaped Esmé’s lips. “You think I need Kaelen? My mother has already said that she could find a more suitable match than you were able to procure. I hardly need any of you. Who would refuse me? I’m beautiful, I’m rich, and I’m the only child of a very influential man. Enjoy your life as a monster, Kaelen. We will never be.” She turned on her heel and walked out of the castle.
Hushed whispers filled the hall and Kaelen felt heartbroken and humiliated. She couldn’t even have waited for the hall to clear before shredding him like an old piece of paper. He ran up the stairs to his room as Calista turned to Melantha. “What do we do now?” she asked.
Melantha frowned. “Perhaps with time, she’ll come to understand. She will be punished for her behavior of course, but perhaps,” she sighed. “Perhaps Esmé will see her role in all this.”
Gelasia followed Kaelen to his room after telling Calista her intentions. When she knocked on the door, she heard him growl, “Go away.” Nonchalantly, she opened the door. “I told you to go awa…Oh, Gelasia,” Kaelen said in a softer tone when he turned and saw that she was standing in the doorway, a sweet smile on her face.
“I must have misheard you, dear,” she said. “I thought you’d welcomed me in.”
He sighed, “I’m glad you’ll cover for me when I’m being a brute.”
“Growing up is a painful process, dear. I came to see that you were alright.”
“Do I look alright?” he snarled. “Esmé’s right, I’m a monster.”
“That spoiled brat is certainly not right about you.” Kaelen was surprised at the unladylike tone in her voice. “Kaelen, you mustn’t believe the things that will be said about you. The next years are going to be the hardest you have ever faced. But, if you can face them as the strong prince I know that you are, then the rewards will far outweigh the sorrows. You must be strong.”
Tears pricked his eyes. “How? Look at me. Who would fall in love with me now?”
“Well,” she said with teasing wink, “if I were four thousand years younger…”
“Gelasia!” he gasped with a laugh.
“Alright, so I’m out of the question,” she said, sharing in Kaelen’s laughter. “But you must remember, there is more to a person than physical appearance. You may look like a beast, but you are so much more than that. For the remainder of school, we will work hard to bring forward those best parts of your personality, but it won’t be easy Kaelen. This is going to be difficult. Humans are so easily led by their eyes; they often forget to follow their hearts. But don’t fret, you’re not beyond hope.”
“What if Esmé never comes around? What if she refuses to love me?”
“There’s more than one way to interpret any enchantment, my dear,” she replied. “I will help you in any and every way that I possibly can. But, I can’t help you if you don’t know within yourself that things will work out.”
“I won’t give up.”
“That’s the spirit.” They chatted for a long while until Gelasia commented, “Now, would you be a dear and escort me to lunch? I believe we’re both missing it.”
Kaelen stood and bowed before offering Gelasia his arm. “It would be my pleasure, my lady.”
They walked down the stairs and outside to the picnic lunch that was being held on the grounds. Kaelen started to lead Gelasia to the staff table and then hesitated. “Since my princess is unavailable, I’d be pleased if you’d join my friends and me.”
She smiled, “I’d be happy to, dear.”
Leading her to the table, he held her chair as she took her seat. The others stared for a moment until Kaelen said, “Ladies, this is Gelasia Stardust. I’m her escort this afternoon.”
“Are you going to be okay, Kaelen?” Eleanor asked.
Nodding, he replied, “Things will work out somehow.”
“We were just talking about a secret Moira’s been keeping from the rest of us,” Leticia said to Gelasia. “Did you know she’s quite the seamstress?”
She turned to Moira with a bright smile. “Are you really?”
“I enjoy sewing, yes,” Moira replied blushing.
Suddenly, a short, blonde girl who looked so much like Kaelen that it was obvious they were related ran to the table. “Kaelen, is that really you? I’ll believe you, but I hope it’s not.”
“I’m sorry, Anna, it is true. I am Kaelen.”
Tears welled in her bright blue eyes. “Oh, Kaelen, what happened?”
“I did something incredibly foolish and I’m paying the price,” he replied with a shrug.
Anna cried, “But Kaelen, what will Mother and Father say when they see you? Can this be fixed?”
“Of course it can,” Gelasia replied, patting the young girl’s hand. “Why, sooner than you know it, Kaelen will be back to himself.” Anna smiled and soon her prince had pulled her back to their table and friends.
The rest of the group continued to talk. The girls enjoyed Gelasia’s company so much that when the day ended, they asked her to write them when she had spare moments.
“Of course, dears,” Gelasia said. “Just be sure you write back.”
“We will,” Eleanor promised.
As the boys led their princesses to the carriages, Lucian took Moira aside. “I’ve really enjoyed getting to know more about you from your letters. I hope they’ll continue.”
Moira smiled. “They’ll continue as long as you keep writing. I’ve thought a lot about what happened over winter break and, well,” she paused.
“It’s alright, Moira,” he interrupted. “We’ll take this one day at a time. Have a pleasant journey back.”
Before she could say another word, Lucian was hugging Allegra and saying goodbye to the others before looking once more at her and waving. Moira noticed a smile on his face, one that he didn’t share with the other girls. It was different. She blushed as she realized that it was a smile meant only to be shared with her. She smiled in return before getting into the carriage, hoping that the other girls wouldn’t comment on her rosy color.

For the last half of the semester, Kaelen was put into alternate courses, while maintaining those of his regular courses that he could. In hunting he worked with Knight to build trust and teamwork. It took a while for Knight to come to him without whining or scampering off to hide behind Diana’s legs. The first time he’d gone to horsemanship, Lightning had bolted at the sight of him and even Phillipa hadn’t been able to call him back. No one knew where the horse had gone and because of it, during horsemanship he stayed with Gelasia and worked on his fine motor skills. After the transformation it had become incredibly difficult to eat properly, hold his pens and write legibly. He admired her patience because he knew most would have given up on him.
The other boys tried to sympathize, but they were all busy with their own classes. As spring warmed the grounds, the fairies seemed to add to the homework. The group of friends often worked together on their homework out under their tree. It was a tall maple tree with a large, thick trunk. It spread its branches towards the sky, bright green leaves hiding most of the branches from sight. Sitting on the grassy ground beneath, the boys had ample shade to make doing their homework easier as well as giving them protection from the sun. Their dogs played together under the branches, close enough to come immediately to their masters when called, but far enough to not distract the boys from their studies. The boys also invited Kaelen to watch them as they rode. “I’m not trying to make this worse, but our horses have to become accustomed to being around, you know,” George began.
“Hideously frightening beasts?”
“Well, that wasn’t quite how I was going to put it,” he said quickly.
When Kaelen laughed, it still sounded harsh and angry. “I understand, George. I’ll watch you guys work. I’ll even give you some pointers and stuff,” he added. The boys were relieved that he understood their need and didn’t say anything else as they walked to the barn. As the boys were working, Kaelen said, “Hey Lucian, I think you’re reining him in a little too much. He’ll go better if you give him a little more freedom. Not too much, but a little.”
Loosening the reins, he called back, “Thanks Kaelen. Does he look better now?”
“Perfect.”
The evening practice continued until the sun was dipping low beneath the horizon. The boys put their horses away and then went inside. Lucian stopped by his mailbox before walking into his room. There was a new letter from Moira, as well as letters from Allegra and from home. He flopped onto his bed while Rusty hopped onto the bed next to him. He opened the letter from Moira and read.
Dear Lucian,
I hope that things are getting easier for Kaelen. I’m afraid he won’t be seeing Esmé again. Please don’t tell him what I’m about to tell you. Melantha swore all of us to secrecy and I shouldn’t even be telling you. Apparently Melantha had another meeting with Esmé to discuss the situation with Kaelen. Her punishment after the meeting was two weeks of a furry face. After that punishment ended, Melantha spoke with Esmé again about Kaelen and her responsibility to him. There was a lot of shouting which of course drew everyone’s attention. I’ve never seen all five witches called before. When the witches arrived, Esmé was standing in the front hall. They tried to have her go into another room, but she refused. The witches have cursed her to look on the outside what she is on the inside…forever.
And now, I will answer your last question: my favorite place to go. I love the stars. Dad used to take Adrian stargazing because the stars were what helped him on his quest. So, on warm nights when everyone is asleep, I like to sneak out of the castle and go into the fields nearby, lie on my back and just search the stars. It’s like being close to Dad, even though he’s not here anymore. When I can’t go outside, I like to go to the tower and be with Dad’s things. It helps me to remember him as he was. It’s also quiet there and gives me time to think. Sometimes, I even talk to Dad while I’m there. He never answers, but it’s a way of being close, like looking at the stars.
Good luck with your homework and finals. Let me know how things go. Allegra always seems to find out before me. Of course, since she’s your sister, I guess that makes sense. I’ll see you in June.
Your Friend,
Moira
Lucian folded the paper and put it back in its envelope before putting that in a small box that he kept all of Moira’s letters in. He pulled out a piece of paper and began to write her a return letter.
When he finished writing, he put that letter in an envelope and set it aside to be sent to her before opening Allegra’s letter. Her letter also mentioned Esmé’s fate as well as the threat that if he told anyone she’d kill him. He laughed to himself and then stopped laughing as his heart sank. How many of the other princes had received letters telling them what had happened to Esmé? If Clarissa told Jacobi and Eleanor told George, it would be okay because the secret would be safe with them. But what about the other boys? What would they do if they heard about Esmé? They’d probably run to tell Kaelen thinking it would make him feel better. He sincerely hoped that Moira and Allegra were the only ones who had broken Melantha’s trust by telling him.

Finals week passed in a blur of activity. The boys seemed to be shuffled from one test to the next. Kaelen’s schedule had been altered so much that he hardly had any finals and so spent most of his time with Gelasia when she wasn’t teaching, trying to regain the nimbleness his fingers had once had. At supper the day before the end of the semester, the boys sat talking and laughing, enjoying their time before vacation.
The next morning Lucian awoke early and quickly changed into his uniform for the day. He was a little depressed; he had hoped that his growth spurt last winter would have continue. Instead he was a hair more than five nine. He shook his head to clear his thoughts and put his jacket on, straightening it and looking at the gleaming medals he’d earned. He double-checked that all his things were packed and ready to go before leaving the room and going downstairs.
When he got there, his friends were all waiting and parents were milling about. Kaelen was standing in the new uniform Gelasia had helped him make. Melantha asked Kaelen for a private word as the others waited for their parents. “Kaelen,” she said when they were apart from the other students, “I’m afraid Esmé will no longer be coming to these meetings. Her feelings as yet have remained unchanged and so she has been expelled.”
“What will happen to me?” he asked, panic in his voice. “I can’t stay like this forever!”
“Of course you won’t stay a beast forever. How very silly of you to think so. You’ll continue in your classes as always and then when the time comes you’ll be sent to discover your princess. I just wanted you to hear from me and not from the students. They have a tendency to,” she paused , “exaggerate the facts.”
“Will I ever see her again?” he asked.
“Perhaps.” She smiled and continued, “Well, we have meetings to attend and a graduation ceremony to begin. Go sit with your friends and don’t worry about what tomorrow may bring. Life has its ways of fixing things.” She patted his shoulder before walking towards the dining hall where things were being set up for the graduation ceremony.
Kaelen rejoined his friends and told them what Melantha had said
“Don’t worry,” Lucian said as Adrian came out of Calista’s office with Lavinia and Nana. “I’m sure everything will work out.” He walked to Calista’s door. “My parents are still meeting with Melantha and Allegra. Would you like me to send Jacobi and his parents in and you can interview me afterwards?”
“That would be very kind of you, Lucian,” she said with a smile.
Lucian found Jacobi standing with his parents and told them that they could take his spot.
“Thank you,” Jacobi’s mother said.
Before any of them could move, Kaelen had found his parents and sister and they were now marching to Calista’s office, Queen Angelique in the lead. “I demand you explain this immediately,” she cried upon reaching Calista’s door.
Calista looked taken aback. “I believe I already sent you a letter regarding the unfortunate accident in which Kaelen was transformed. At the moment, I am about to meet with another student and his parents. You will have to wait.”
Angelique started to swell up as Jacobi’s mother graciously said, “Calista, why don’t you go ahead and meet with them? We can wait.”
Calista smiled at her before turning. “Very well, please come in. Although, I believe your daughter could wait outside. There’s no reason for her to be present for this.”
Angelique nodded and then swept inside with King Roland and Kaelen. “Why has he been transformed?”
“Again, I wrote to you directly after Kaelen’s transformation. I also understand that Kaelen has written repeatedly concerning this unfortunate matter.” Calista’s voice was calm and even, though with a note of frustration.
“Frankly I thought this was another of Kaelen’s bouts for attention. His first year you claimed he was turned into a girl and last year you pestered us to no end about bringing the dog to him, no doubt because Kaelen was pushing you,” Angelique retorted. “Naturally when I received the letter that he’d been turned into a beast I dismissed it as another story.”
“King Roland, is that what you believe?” Calista asked, interrupting the queen’s rant.
Roland spluttered, looking from Angelique to Kaelen to Calista. “Well, you know, boys will be boys; they’re prone to exaggeration.”
Kaelen looked hurt. “You think I’ve been lying to you?”
“Oh please, Kaelen, you’ve always sought attention in the wrong ways,” Angelique said. “Now, is this permanent?”
“That depends on a number of things,” Calista replied. “He has seven years in which to complete his quest for the princess true at heart. It will take time for he must get her to fall in love with him.”
“Than what you’re really saying is that this is a permanent change. No woman of any decent breeding will fall in love with that animal,” Angelique sneered.
“Queen Angelique, I must remind you that you are speaking of your son.”
“That is not my son,” Angelique retorted, rising. She looked directly at Kaelen as she continued, “I have no son.”
Angry tears spilled from Kaelen’s eyes. “You’re my mother. If you won’t love me, who will?”
Ignoring him, Angelique walked to the door. “Come Roland, we’ve no business here.”
“But, dear, can’t we...”
“Don’t argue, Roland.”
“I warn you now, Queen Angelique,” Calista said, causing her to stop in her tracks, “your actions will bring dire consequences to you and your family.”
“Are you threatening me?” Angelique asked in an angry whisper.
“Consider this a warning, not a threat. Your actions will come back to haunt you.”
Angelique glared at her before continuing out the door. Kaelen followed her. “Mother, please.”
 “Come, we’re going home,” she commanded, taking Anna’s hand as she got up.
“But, Mother, what about Kaelen?” she asked, pulling her hand away.
Angelique looked at Kaelen and then at Anna. “You have no brother. We’re leaving, now.”
Anna ran to Kaelen and hugged him fiercely, tears streaming down her face, “No! It’s not fair, Mother. He’s my brother. We can’t just leave him!”
Pulling Anna away from Kaelen, Angelique spat, “Stay away from him! No daughter of mine will be seen with that monster.”
“No, Mother, please,” she begged as she was pulled down the stairs, her other hand still reaching for Kaelen. “Let me say goodbye. Please!”
There was no doubt that Angelique heard every sobbed request, but she listened to none of them. Pulling Anna along with Roland following meekly behind, Kaelen’s family left the castle amongst the throngs of others watching.
A man followed the family. “Roland, Roland! Don’t pretend you can’t hear me.”
“You are never to speak to us,” Angelique replied, not bothering to look at the speaker.
“I wasn’t addressing you, Angelique. I’m speaking to my brother.” Roland turned wearily. Before he could say anything the man continued, “Roland, you can’t do this. He’s your son, your only son. Forget what that lying snake has said to you. You cannot simply abandon Kaelen to his fate. It’s bad enough you have abandoned me. Don’t cast Kaelen out as well.”
“I’m sorry, Maximillion,” Roland whispered. “I have no choice.”
“For once in your life, be a man,” he growled. “Be the strong person you were before you married. Stop letting that pretentious woman make the decisions.”
“It’s too late,” Roland replied, turning his back to his brother and getting in the carriage. Maximillion shouted after it long after it had disappeared from sight.
When he finally came to himself, he walked back into the castle and straight to Calista’s office. Lucian and his parents were about to enter as he arrived. “Lysander, I hope you’ll forgive this interruption, but I must speak with Calista.”
A silent look of understanding passed between the old friends and Lysander smiled, “Of course. Calista, I hope this won’t put you too far behind schedule.”
She sighed, “It’s already all backwards.”
After being offered a seat, Maximillion asked, “Does Kaelen have anywhere to stay?”
“King Lysander has offered him a home with his family,” she replied. “Have you a better suggestion?”
“No, I’m thinking of when he graduates. I will not see Roland’s son fail. I’ve seen enough of failure to wish it on anyone,” he admitted sadly. “I am offering my summer castle for Kaelen’s living accommodations whenever he desires them. I hardly go there anymore, but it is well-kept and in such a location that he would not draw unwanted attention.”
“I see. Would you like to make this offer?” she asked. “I believe considering the circumstances, it is best that the secrecy of your relationship be undone.”
He faltered. “It is not that I don’t wish Kaelen to know that he still has family to support him, but I think it would be best for now that nothing be said of that. Tell him that a family friend has offered it. After all, before Roland married he was the closest friend I had other than Lysander.”
She frowned. “I do not like secrecy; however, I will follow your wishes. I would recommend that at some point, this barrier needs to come down.”
“Right now, this is what he needs. He’s had enough surprises and shocks for one day. Discovering he has an uncle would only add to his stress.”
After meeting with Calista and discussing his options, Kaelen had decided to go with Lucian’s family. He sat with Lucian’s family during the graduations ceremony. He stayed quiet. His princess had abandoned him and his parents had abandoned him, taking Anna away before he could even say goodbye to her. Sad tears pricked his eyes as he went with Lucian’s family to their carriage. They’d almost gotten there when a feminine voice stopped him. Lavinia was standing in front of him. She hugged him gently and whispered in his ear, “To complete the hug your sister was denied.”
Kaelen nodded, surprised at the warmth of friendship that so many had extended to him. There was Lucian’s family, Lavinia, and then an unknown friend who had offered him a place of his own whenever he might want it. Perhaps hope was not lost after all; he was not entirely abandoned.

Year 4 Chapter 1
Back to Table of Contents

It wasn’t long after arriving at Lucian’s home that they were leaving for the summer castle. Lavinia had promised to meet them there with Nana, Adrian and Moira. Lucian led Kaelen to the room with the best view. They unpacked their things and everyone went to the beach for the afternoon. Kaelen sat on the beach, away from everyone else. He could see Adrian and Lucian swimming around with Lysander giving Adrian lessons. The three women were playing in the shallows while Allegra and Moira sat near the water, though not in it. Every now and again Moira would wade out into the shallows and splash for a bit before returning to Allegra. Everyone else was having a good time. He sighed.
“Kaelen?” a gentle voice asked. He looked over to see Adrian’s grandmother smiling down at him. “You should join the rest of us in the water. Some swimming will do you good.”
“Thanks, but I’d rather stay up here,” he replied.
“I don’t think either of us believe that, dear,” she said. “Brooding won’t fix anything. Enjoy the sunshine and the water.”
Nana’s smile was so inviting and the water seemed to beckon him. Finally, Kaelen stood up and walked down the beach with her. The warm ebb and flow of the waves seemed to wash his worries away. Soon Adrian and Lucian joined everyone else.
“Where’s your father?” Alexandra asked suspiciously.
Lucian turned with a frown, “He had been right behind us.”
Suddenly Alexandra squealed as Lysander came up from behind her, picking her up out of the water amidst laughing from everyone else. “Hello my love,” Lysander said with a grin. “Did you miss me?”
“Lysander, you put me down this instant,” Alexandra demanded, though she was giggling.
“As you wish,” Lysander replied, dropping her back into the water. As Alexandra came back up there was a water fight that even Allegra couldn’t resist joining. The waves churned around them as they splashed.
There was much laughter and chatting as the sun-soaked group headed to the castle for supper. Nana revealed that she had decided to move in with Lavinia. “It’s not good for either of us to spend so much time alone,” she said as they were having dessert. “It’ll be better for us if we’re together.”
“When will you move in?” Moira asked.
“Oh, I have a few things to see to back at home, but within the month everything will be settled. The former king and queen will be moving into my palace, now that their son has finished his quest. If I remember correctly, he is marrying at the end of July.”
“Who is it?” Lucian asked.
“Why, Prince Kieffer of course,” she replied with a smile.
“Kieffer,” Adrian repeated. “Do you mean Kieffer and Samantha?”
“Why yes, that is his princess’ name. But how did you know?” she asked.
“Samantha is our friend’s sister,” Kaelen explained. “They’d been rather worried about her.”
“It’s amazing what a quest can teach you. Of course, I’ll have to be present for the wedding, traditions being what they are. That and the queen and I are good friends.”
“I bet we’ll get a letter from George saying he’s the ring bearer again,” said.
It wasn’t many days later when they did receive a letter from George. He talked about Kieffer finding his sister and the complete change there had been.
I never thought I’d see Samantha looking so happy. Better than that, Samantha has asked me to be groom’s assistant. No more being the ring bearer! Kieffer is an only boy like me and all his friends are still out doing their quests. He’s so different than he was at school. He told me that his quest taught him a lot about what’s really important in life. Samantha also said I could invite any of my friends that I wanted to, so you should be receiving invitations shortly.
See You Soon!
George
“Well, that should make him happy,” Lucian said, handing his letter to Kaelen and Adrian to read. “He’s not the ring bearer this time.”
“Yeah, but what’s a groom’s assistant?” Kaelen asked.
“I don’t know and I bet George doesn’t care,” Adrian replied.
The boys spent the rest of the day celebrating George’s good luck. Nana explained that the groom’s assistant basically helped take care of any minor details the groom had forgotten. “I’m sure George will make an excellent assistant from all you’ve said about him.”

Summer continued in much the same way it had begun. When the week of the visit was over, Lavinia took her family home, promising to take Allegra to school if Alexandra and Lysander could take Adrian. “It’ll make both our trips so much easier,” she explained.
“Certainly,” Alexandra said with a smile. “We’d be happy to take Adrian with us.”
Once back in Lictthane, preparations were made for Nana to move in. Nana’s favorite room was being refurbished which took Nana and Lavinia to the shops several times. One day, as they were debating over curtains, Nana asked, “Why did you hug Kaelen at the end of the school year?”
“I know what it’s like to be rejected, Mother. The quest Martin went on was a wonderful quest. He had to find me among the stars and then battle the dragon keeping me there. But his quest was also swift. His parents didn’t think his quest worthy of him because it should have taken longer. They never accepted me and when Martin made it clear he would marry me with or without their consent, they disowned him,” she recalled sadly. “They’ve never come to see the children. They never visited, never forgave. They didn’t even come to Martin’s funeral. I couldn’t let Kaelen be abandoned that way.”
“Though you do it to your own son?” Lavinia blanched and she continued, “I’ve never been fooled by your actions, dear. I didn’t say anything before because I hoped you would overcome this yourself, but it has to end; especially in light of what has happened to Kaelen.”
“You don’t seriously think I would disown my own son, do you?”
“I know you wouldn’t, my dear, but what I know is unimportant. It’s what Adrian thinks.”
“Adrian knows I’d never disown him.”
“Does he, Lavinia? You must not have seen his face as Kaelen’s parents left him there. But I did. I saw fear, a fear he wouldn’t have if you showed him you loved him.”
“I do love him. It’s just so hard because he is so like his father. It’s like having Martin there and yet knowing he isn’t.”
“Martin is dead, Lavinia,” Nana chided gently. “You have to let him go.”
Tears filled Lavinia’s eyes. “I can’t. He’s the only one who loved me. He risked everything and gave up so much for me.”
“Then honor him by loving his son.”
“But it hurts, Mother,” Lavinia admitted.
Nana patted Lavinia’s hand. “Even the most beautiful rose has thorns, my dear. Adrian needs to know that you love him. He needs to know that if something happens to him, you won’t leave him to fix it himself. He needs you, Lavinia.”
“How do I undo what I’ve done?” Lavinia asked.
“One step at a time, dear,” Nana replied.
Lavinia nodded quietly. “This will take time.”
“I know, love, that’s why I’m here,” Nana said. “Now, I really think these yellow draperies are just the thing to bring some light into that room, don’t you think?”
Laughing, Lavinia agreed and they continued their shopping. When they arrived back at the castle, Lavinia asked to see Adrian alone for a moment in her art studio. As he walked in, Lavinia remembered the way Martin looked. Adrian had the same build and soon would be the same height. His face was baby smooth, just as his father’s had always been; Martin had rarely needed to shave. There were the dimples, hiding now because Adrian wasn’t smiling. Lavinia felt as though someone had stabbed her. For a long time Adrian just stood there and Lavinia stared at him.
“Mother? Did you want to see me?” Adrian asked after a while.
“I, I was just thinking.” She stammered over the words, trying to get them out. “I was thinking, Adrian, that I think, I think it’s time for you to move back into your old room. The tower, it’s so drafty and, well, I just think that you should move back, that’s all.” A trace of a smile lit his face.
“Really?” he asked, hardly daring to believe what he was hearing.
“Yes, Adrian,” she replied. “I think that you and Moira are mature enough to be in the same wing of the castle now.”
The smile faded. “Oh, okay. Should I start moving my things?”
“Yes, I’ll have Jameson move your furniture. But anything smaller you can start moving.” He simply nodded and started out of the room. Lavinia took a deep breath before calling to him, “Adrian?” He turned and faced her. She smiled, though it was shaded with sadness. “I love you.”
He smiled in return. “I love you too, Mother.”
As he walked down the hall, Nana stepped into the studio and hugged her weeping daughter. “Well done, my dear. Well done.”

When July was almost over, the family went to Rendorlin for the wedding. The invitations had said that the wedding would be held in the bride’s home province and a week later would be the coronation ceremony in Haldersee, where Kieffer had grown up. When they arrived they soon met with Lysander and Alexandra, who had brought with them their children and Kaelen. On seeing Moira, Lucian smiled. “It’s good to see you again so soon. That dress is lovely by the way, did you make it?”
Moira smiled, “Yes I did, I was thinking of adding to it, but…”
“It’s lovely,” he interrupted, handing Moira a long stemmed, pale lavender rose.
“Lucian,” she gasped, “where on earth? I didn’t think roses grew in lavender.”
“They do in Maltisten where there’s a king who thinks roses are everything. This is one of the hybrids he’s been working on. When we finally got a bush to flower and it was what we wanted, he let me name it,” he added.
“Oh and what name did you give it?”
“Moira’s Star.”
She flushed. “You do remember that you were supposed to not be trying, right?”
“Must have slipped my mind,” he teased. “But I seem to remember someone saying that her favorite color was lavender and that she really liked the first rose I gave her.”
“I have no idea what you could be talking about,” she replied innocently. Lucian thought she’d never looked more beautiful as she smiled radiantly.
Their conversation was interrupted by the innkeeper trying to shove Kaelen out the door, “I’ll not have animals in my establishment. Shoo!”
“Hold on,” Lysander said. “Kaelen is my guest and I’ll not have him treated so shamefully.”
“You know this creature?” the innkeeper asked, disgust in his voice.
“That ‘creature’ is a prince and you will treat him as such,” Lysander replied. There was an icy fire in his eyes. “If you have a problem housing Kaelen, we will take our business elsewhere.”
“I don’t allow animals in my inn,” the innkeeper said stubbornly, though he had backed away from Lysander.
“Then we have no further business here,” he retorted. He took Alexandra by the hand and walked out the door, motioning for Allegra, Lucian and Kaelen to follow him.
As they walked out, Lavinia too approached the innkeeper, “We won’t need your rooms after all.” She then left as well, taking her family with her.
It took the families a couple of tries before they were finally welcomed into The Dancing Fairies. The elderly woman running the inn showed them to a few comfortable rooms. “I don’t get very many customers,” she said, her voice cheerful and pleasant, “so you’ve got pretty much the whole inn to choose from. Not that there’s much, but I’m sure you’ll be quite comfortable in any of the rooms. And for you, sir, I think you’ll like this room,” she said to Kaelen. “It’s very roomy and quite comfortable.” She opened the door leading to a large, spacious room, cheerfully decorated with fresh flowers in a vase on the bedside table and homemade quilts and bedding.
“This will be great,” Kaelen replied, trying to stifle a yawn. The group had already spent much of the day traveling and trying to find an inn that would accommodate Kaelen had been exhausting.
“I thought you’d be pleased,” the old woman replied, patting Kaelen’s arm. “And now I’ll let you get some rest. You all look exhausted. Oh my dear, would you like a vase for your rose?” she asked Moira. “I have many in my cupboards and would be glad to let you borrow one.”
“Yes, thank you,” Moira replied. “That’s very kind of you.”
“Don’t mention it,” the woman replied with a smile. “I’ll be back up in a few minutes with that vase. For now, get yourselves settled and get some sleep.” She then turned and walked down the stairs, leaning heavily on the banister for support.
“A woman her age shouldn’t have to work so hard to earn her bread,” Alexandra said sadly. “So kind and generous. We should do something for her, Lysander.”
Early the next morning, the families left to go to the wedding. Before they left, Nana restocked the woman’s kitchen and Lysander left far more money than what was owed. Lavinia also left a generous amount and the girls had quietly cleaned all the rooms they had used.
When they arrived at the castle in Rendorlin, there were doormen waiting to take their invitations. Another servant announced their arrival and they were led to their seats inside a grand hall, decorated with fragrant, yellow roses and white, summer daisies. Garlands of greenery were draped about, mixed with flowing cuts of sheer fabric and ribbons in yellow and green. Kieffer was standing at the end of the hall with George standing next to him, straight and tall with a bright smile on his face.
They rose from their seats as the fairy king and queen walked down the aisle. Soon, Samantha was walking down the aisle, one hand on her father’s arm while the other held a bouquet of roses and daisies. Her dress was a pale, summery yellow and there were green and yellow ribbons tied with roses and daisies intertwined through her tumbling bronze curls. She was a picture of loveliness and joy. As she reached the front, they saw Kieffer smile warmly. Though her back was to them and he couldn’t see her response, Lucian knew she was smiling in return.
The friends didn’t talk while watching the ceremony. When Kieffer kissed his bride a cheer went up. They walked together out of the castle and onto the lawn where a large banquet had been arranged. Kieffer and Samantha were seated and then everyone was invited to find their seat. George was sitting with his family, but the others were able to sit together. Lucian wasn’t sure whether to blame George for the seating arrangements or Samantha. Each prince was seated next to his princess, except Kaelen who was seated instead next to Nana. Lucian was worried that this would mean another meal in awkward silence; but Moira surprised him. “They really look happy together don’t they?”
Lucian glanced over at them. He could see the couple giggling and blushing. He was sure neither was aware of the conversations around them. “Yeah, they do,” he replied.
 “Do the fairy king and queen always preside at weddings?” Allegra interrupted, saving Lucian from trying to cover himself.
“Only graduate weddings,” Alexandra replied, “Any couple who both graduated from the academies is married by the fairy king.”
“So who married you and Dad?” Lucian asked.
“Phillipa Rosepetal,” Lysander recalled. “She got special permission.”
Soon it was nearly time to leave. George broke away from his family long enough to say hi to everyone before they left. Samantha and Kieffer thanked them for coming. “I wish you could stay for the rest of the activities,” Samantha said. “Have a safe trip.”
After everyone had said their goodbyes, the two families headed to their own provinces. Lucian listened to Allegra babble the whole length of the trip of what her wedding would be like. He tried to point out that Adrian may not agree with everything. “Don’t be silly,” Allegra retorted with a dismissive wave of her hand. “Boys never care about the details of the wedding so long as there is in fact a wedding. Isn’t that right Daddy?”
Lysander, who had long since stopped listening, mumbled, “Of course, Allegra.”
“See?” she said triumphantly.
Lucian was about to argue that his answer didn’t count because he didn’t even know what they were talking about, but caught his mother’s eye. There was an amused twinkle and she just barely shook her head. Of course Mother is right, Lucian thought. It’s not worth the argument.

Year 4 Chapter 2
Back to Table of Contents

With school starting again, the boys were busy with homework. They often brought their homework under their favorite maple tree while the weather remained warm and pleasant. During these times, Lucian would contemplate going over to the witches’ hovel and asking to speak to Althea. He remembered in class last year talking about the gifts the witches had and that hers was understanding animals. Over the past month, Rusty had refused to sleep in his own bed every night, curling up on Lucian’s feet and refusing to budge; even if Lucian’s tone became frustrated. Finally one afternoon, Lucian decided it was worth the trip.
“Where are you going?” Jacobi asked.
“I’m going to go talk to Althea about Rusty,” Lucian replied.
“Are you sure that’s a good idea?” George asked. “Nobody ever goes to the hovel willingly.”
“Oh come on, guys, I go there every week for my healing class,” he said.
“But you’re not going to class,” Adrian pointed out. “You’re just going to go.”
“It’s not like I’m in trouble. I just have a question.”
“Couldn’t you ask Diana?” Kaelen asked.
Lucian sighed, “I’ve already tried. I talked to her last week and there hasn’t been any change. If anything, Rusty’s gotten worse. Althea is my only other option.” Without another word he walked confidently over to the hovel and knocked on the door. He heard a faint, “Come in.”
He opened the door and walked inside. From its gloomy outward appearance, he had expected similar on the inside. However he was surprised to see comfortable rocking chairs and a crackling fire in a well-kept fireplace. A large cauldron was bubbling and frothing, yet he didn’t feel nervous or apprehensive. The room was as inviting and comforting as being in his living room at home. It even had a slightly homey smell, although the herbs were a little more overpowering than the soft potpourri his mother made.
“Prince Lucian,” Althea said, “this is a pleasant surprise. To what do I owe the honor of a visit?” She was sitting close to the fire, Horus purring on her lap.
“I came because I was hoping that you could help me with Rusty,” Lucian said.
“I see. What seems to be the problem?”
“He won’t sleep in his own bed. I’ve done everything I can think of. I’ve moved him closer to my bed, given him extra blankets, everything. I don’t understand why his behavior has changed.”
She looked thoughtful. “Is anything else different about him?”
“He’s reluctant to leave me at all, like he’s afraid I’ll disappear if he’s not there,” he said.
“Bring him here tomorrow evening,” she requested. “I’ll have a chat with him and see if I can figure out what’s bothering him.”
“You can do that?”
Althea laughed; a strangely pleasant cackle. “My dear, I am a witch. I can do a great many things that are, shall we say, unconventional.” She smiled as he blushed. “Bring Rusty tomorrow and we’ll work out this puzzle. How are your classes going?”
The change in subject surprised Lucian, but he continued chatting with her for a short while before saying, “I should probably get back. Thanks for helping me.”
“Anytime, dear,” she said and turned backed towards the fire.
As Lucian walked out of the hovel, George asked, “Well, what happened?”
“What do you mean what happened?” he asked as they walked toward the castle for supper. “I just talked with her. It’s not like they punish people for talking to them.”
There was a strange ribbeting and they all looked over. Adrian blushed. “Oops, hiccups I guess. Must be hungrier than I thought.”
The boys continued to chat late into the evening in the common room until Gelasia told all the boys in the room that it was time for them to be going to bed. Lucian went up to his room where Rusty was pacing by the door. As soon as he walked in, Rusty came over and he scratched his head. “You’d think I neglected you, boy,” Lucian teased. He walked over to his bed and Rusty jumped up onto it. “Not tonight Rusty. You have a bed and it’s a very comfortable one. I’ve even given you my favorite blanket. You don’t need to sleep by my feet.”
Rusty began whining and turned his big brown eyes at Lucian, hoping that he would give in.
“That’s not going to work this time. I’m not going to suddenly disappear in the middle of the night. On your bed. If I need you I’ll call you.”
Whimpering, Rusty hopped off and curled up on his own bed. He continued to whine at Lucian as he watched him get ready for bed and blow out the candle.
“Rusty, neither of us will be able to sleep if you keep that up,” he mumbled. “I’m fine and you’re fine. Go to sleep.”
With one last soft whimper, Rusty quieted and Lucian drifted off to sleep. Rusty however was listening to Lucian’s breathing. When it slowed to the deep, steady breathing of someone sleeping, Rusty quietly hopped onto Lucian’s bed and curled around his feet. He lay there for a while looking at his master before finally closing his eyes to sleep.
After his classes were done the next afternoon, Lucian led Rusty to the witches’ hovel. He was surprised to see Althea standing outside waiting for him. “Hello Lucian. If you’ll wait here, I’ll talk to Rusty inside. It’s easier if you’re not around, he’ll be more open to discussing his problem.”
He nodded as Althea waved Rusty into the building. Rusty briefly glanced at Lucian before following the witch indoors. As he waited, Lucian sat with his back against the hovel wall, doing his homework
It was nearly an hour before Althea came back with Rusty. When they stepped out, he immediately stood and walked over. “I’ll speak to you for a moment inside,” Althea said before Lucian could say anything. Once inside, she motioned for Lucian to have a seat. When he had, she sat down and began, “I believe you’ll find Rusty to be more willing to leave your side now. He had several concerns he needed to address which is why it took so long.”
“Were you able to find out what was wrong?” he asked.
“Of course,” she said. “The problems are simple. One, he has nightmares from his trauma as a puppy. It would seem he was nearly drowned by a boy who tied a rock to his foot and threw him in a lake. The other problem was one I could more easily remedy. He was concerned that you, like your friends, would be put under a spell.”
“Wait, friends? Kaelen is the only one under a spell. He was turned into a beast,” he replied. “Everyone else is perfectly normal.”
“You’ve not been told?”
“Been told what?”
Althea wasn’t sure how to proceed, then shrugged. “Since the fairies have not told you, I’m afraid I can’t tell you either. All I’ll say is that Kaelen is not the only one of your friends undergoing a transformation.”
Lucian sat for a moment dumbfounded. One of his other friends was under a spell? “This may seem a stupid question,” he said, “but how does that affect Rusty?”
“No question is stupid, Lucian. Animals see far more than humans do. Rusty, like myself and the fairies, can see the glow of magic around your friends; though you do not. You can see the results of the magic on Kaelen and soon you’ll see them on the other. Rusty sees it already and was afraid that you would be transformed as well. He’s quite a loyal animal and loves you dearly.”
“I know,” he said. “I love him too. So, will he be able to stay in his own bed now?”
“He should be able to,” she said. “I’ve assured him that there are no present dangers for you. You’re a true gentleman, Lucian. We don’t see many of those in the world, even here.”
He blushed at the praise. “Thanks. And thanks for talking to Rusty.”
“My pleasure, Lucian. Enjoy the rest of your afternoon.” She showed Lucian to the door.
“You too,” he said as he walked outside. Rusty joined him and he walked with the dog towards the glade near the school to play fetch. It would be good to take a break from schoolwork and try to allow his thoughts to clear. He picked up a stick and threw it for Rusty, enjoying the time with his dog. He knew that Rusty was loyal; he had been from the start. It had been wonderful watching the awkward puppy grow into a handsome, well-trained dog. Lucian was grateful that he had kept Rusty and not insisted on getting a more experienced dog. He couldn’t imagine life without the cheerful, red setter.
“Hey Lucian,” George called. “Do you plan on eating tonight? ’Cause it’s almost suppertime.”
“Oh, is it? I guess I lost track of the time.”
“I can understand that,” George said as the two boys and Rusty headed towards the castle. “Adrian, Kaelen and Jacobi are already at a table.”
“Alright, I’ll meet you guys there after I get Rusty back upstairs to my room,” he replied.
“See you in a bit,” George said as he walked into the dining hall.
“I guess I should pay more attention to the clock, eh boy?” Lucian said as he and Rusty went up the stairs.
Rusty woofed softly and eagerly went through the door as Lucian opened it for him. Lucian watched him curl up in his bed and close his eyes. Laughing to himself, he headed downstairs to join the others for supper.
“Took you long enough,” Kaelen teased as Lucian sat down with his tray.
Lucian shrugged. “Oh, you missed the announcement Calista made,” Jacobi said as they were eating. “She told us that all of us in our fourth year will be starting a new class Tuesday evenings after supper.”
“Did she say what type of class?” Lucian asked between bites.
“No, she just said that we all need to be there at eight o’clock to begin our new lessons. She said the class will start next week and it will affect future meetings with our princesses,” Jacobi explained.
“Well, we’ll find out soon enough,” Lucian said.

Saturday morning dawned sunny and pleasant with a crisp breeze. Lucian wasn’t at all surprised to see that the girls were wearing cloaks against the chilly wind. He was rather grateful for his jacket.
Moira smiled as she saw him. “Good morning, Lucian.”
“Good morning. It’s a bit chilly, isn’t it?” Lucian asked.
“A bit,” she admitted, “but the cloak takes the edge off. How have your classes been going?”
“Pretty good,” he smiled. “Raphael seems happy with my progress in my right-handed fencing class. How are your classes?” He was enjoying the pleasant banter back and forth. Moira usually wasn’t this open right away and he wasn’t going to waste the moment.
After a while the conversation was interrupted by Calista and Melantha telling them to mount up and prepare for their ride. Lucian no longer had to offer Moira a hand up to mount Cinnamon, but he held the reins for her as she mounted. He then mounted Zephyr and they enjoyed an ambling walk through the fiery autumn glade. They were quiet for a moment, each enjoying the beauty. “I love this time of year,” he said as they looked around at the fall foliage. “It’s always so pretty.”
“It is,” Moira agreed. “And peaceful. Everything quiets down, like wintertime.”
They chatted lightly throughout the ride and soon came to the end. Lucian wished it could keep going. He had enjoyed the conversation; especially since Moira had rarely opened up so much before. After dismounting, they walked together to a picnic blanket where the rest of their friends were waiting.
As they began eating, the friends chatted easily. They sipped from steaming mugs of cider as they enjoyed toasted sandwiches and warm apple turnovers. “They always seem to know exactly what we need,” Allegra said as she nibbled her turnover.
“It must be a fairy thing,” Jacobi agreed.
Kaelen found it hard to concentrate on the conversation. He’d been looking all day for Anna but hadn’t seen her. He hoped that his mother hadn’t done something drastic like pull Anna from school. Then he suddenly found her. She was sitting a few blankets away. “Would you excuse me for a moment?” Kaelen asked as he rose from his spot. He walked towards her. “Hi Anna.”
She blanched and stuttered, “Kaelen, I’m, I’m not supposed to talk to you.”
“Mother’s not here, she’ll never know. Please, Anna, I just want to say hi,” he pleaded.
Tears filled Anna’s bright blue eyes. “Kaelen, I’m so sorry. I’ve missed you so much. It’s horrible what Mother’s done.”
“What do you mean?” he asked.
“Everyone in Coleston thinks you died in an accident here. Mother made us hold a funeral to bury an empty coffin,” she stopped as she started crying more. “It’s not fair, Kaelen. I wish I could make it go away, I really do.”
He sighed, “I know Anna. Listen, I know you’re probably forbidden to do it, but could you maybe write to me every once and a while, just so I know I’m not totally abandoned.”
She got a defiant look in her eye; a look he knew he had had several times before. “I will never abandon you, Kaelen. Not ever. I’ll talk to some of the other girls who write to their princes and see if I can get some messages to you that way.”
“Talk to Eleanor, Moira and Allegra. They all write to their princes and they would get the messages to me. Thanks,” he said. “I know this is hard.”
She grabbed his arm and slipped something into his hand. “I’ve been hanging onto this for you. I wish I could have saved more.”
Opening his hand, Kaelen saw the signet ring that his grandfather had given him upon his acceptance to Charming Academy. Grandfather had died less than a month later. Because the huge ring hadn’t fit his small hands, Kaelen had left the ring at home where it would be safe. Now he was glad he had it. “Thank you, this means a lot to me.”
 “I know. Mother was furious when she couldn’t find it,” she added with an impish grin.
Kaelen smiled and then walked away, leaving Anna with her prince and her other friends. He looked at the ring. His grandfather, the ultimate hero, had left him with a precious gift. “It’s not just a ring,” he remembered his grandfather confiding as Kaelen had sat next to him on the bed. “It’s got a special magical gift bestowed on it. A witch blessed it. When you are in the direst of need and feel the loneliest, it will bring to your mind a vision of the one you wish most to see. It helped me many a time on my quest. Since your dear grandmother passed, I’ve been able to have some comfort.”
Now as Kaelen looked at the ring, he realized what a unique gift his grandfather had given him. He could see Anna anytime he wanted to. He held the ring in his hand for a while before attempting to fit it onto his finger. While he couldn’t wear it on his ring finger, he was able to get it onto his pinky.
“That’s a nice ring, Kaelen,” Eleanor said as he sat down again. “I don’t remember you having it before.”
 “My grandfather gave it to me when I got accepted into Charming Academy,” he replied. “I couldn’t wear it before because it was too big, now it’s almost too small.”
“Well, you have, um, grown recently,” Clarissa said.
They continued chatting until Melantha began gathering the girls. Lucian led Moira back to the group. “Lucian, I really want to talk to you about what happened last winter.”
“Moira, I’m doing the best I can to stay true to my word,” he replied with a strained laugh.
“No, I mean, yes, I understand that. But Lucian, that’s not what I mean, I…” she began, but was interrupted as Melantha began shuffling girls into the carriages.
“You’d best go,” he said. “Write to me about it.”
Exasperated, she snapped, “Boys always make things so complicated.” She then turned on her heel and marched into an open carriage.
 “I think I just messed up again, Adrian,” Lucian admitted as they watched the carriages go.
“You sure have a knack for it,” he teased. “Don’t worry, what happened?”
“She was trying to tell me something and I think I took it wrong. I just don’t get girls at all.”
Adrian clapped him on the back. “Do any of us?” he asked as they walked back into the castle.

The next Tuesday, the boys in their fourth year met in the gym after supper to begin their new class. There was a lot of confused chatter. They already had fighting classes, etiquette classes, and their regular classes. What could there possibly be left? And why was this class reserved for midway through the semester rather than beginning at the start of the year? The confusion did not lessen when they saw the row of stationary mannequins lined against one wall. “Are they going to turn us into mannequins too?” one of the boys asked.
“Don’t be dumb. Those are all girl mannequins. We’re probably going to learn how to do some sort of spellbreaking.”
“But we already have a spellbreaking class.”
One hopeful boy thought they’d be learning how to kiss properly.
“Oh yeah, because the fairies are going to teach us how to kiss,” Kaelen whispered, unable to keep the comment to himself. “I mean, really? Why on earth would they need to teach us that? It’s not like kissing can possibly be that hard. You stick your lips together and congratulations; you’ve just kissed.”
George started giggling. “Somehow I think there’s more to kissing than just sticking your lips together. But you’re right; the fairies aren’t going to teach us. I’m pretty sure that’ll come naturally.”
The chatter stopped as Gelasia entered the room followed by Raphael and Honoria who was holding Theodora’s hand. The little toddler fairy looked around at all the boys and tried desperately to hide behind her mother’s skirt. Lucian smiled down at her and waved. Her aqua eyes looked up at him shyly and she gave him a half-smile before ducking behind her mother again.
“Gentlemen,” Gelasia began, “I’m sure you’re all very curious about what you’ll be doing. Before I reveal the intention of the class, let me remind you that it is imperative that each and every one of you attend every time. There’s not much time before you’ll be using what you learn. I can assure you that the ladies will be very disappointed if you do not take this class seriously.
“In this class,” she continued, “you will be learning the art of dancing from Raphael and Honoria. Let me tell you, they are beautiful dancers and if you pay close attention, you’ll be able to sweep your princess off her feet; quite literally in fact.”
The reaction to this news was mixed. Some looked disgusted while a few looked genuinely excited. Most looked as though they’d just been told they were flunking every class. Before the whispering could get out of hand, Gelasia waved her wand. The still mannequins came to life and began walking towards the boys closest to them until each boy had a dancing partner. Kaelen found it vastly unfair that as the biggest person in the room, he had the shortest and most delicate mannequin.
Raphael began, “Now, the first thing you’ll need to learn is proper positioning. You bow to your partner and then take her right hand like so and place your left hand on her waist.” He demonstrated with Honoria. “I will warn you; these mannequins do not take kindly to fresh behavior. Your left hand should be on the young lady’s waist, no lower or higher. Now you try.”
Several boys looked at each other before turning to the mannequins. Kaelen was fairly sure his hands were big enough that even with perfect placement he would be overreaching the appropriate boundaries. Just what would happen if you went too far? He soon heard a loud smacking sound followed by a yelped, “Hey!” He turned to see one of the boys rubbing a sore spot on his cheek. The mannequin had crossed her arms over her chest, her head tilted to an offended angle.
“Oh, she slaps you,” Kaelen muttered. “Terrific.”
“You’re going to have to ask forgiveness and try again, Robert,” Raphael said. “She won’t work with you otherwise and we’ve got another hour and a half before you boys are done.”
There was some groaning and Kaelen turned back to his mannequin. Feeling immensely foolish, he bowed. To his surprise, the mannequin curtsied. He took her delicate hand in his and then gulped as he attempted to place his hand on her tiny waist. “Please don’t slap me,” he begged. The mannequin didn’t move as he gingerly laid his left hand on her waist. “Thank you,” he breathed.
Once everyone was in position, they were given more instruction, this time by Honoria. She explained the steps and the importance of counting. She waved her wand and a slow waltz began. “We’ll demonstrate the steps and then you join us. If you wait too long, your mannequin will begin without you,” she warned. They watched as the couple began the steps. Then slowly, the boys began following suit. It wasn’t long before another smack was heard.
“Hey!” Jacobi cried bitterly, “my hand was where it should have been.”
“You must have stepped on her foot,” Honoria said gently as they came to where he was. “Ladies don’t appreciate being stepped on.”
“I bet Clarissa is more forgiving,” Jacobi muttered before apologizing to the offended mannequin and attempting to pick up the steps again.
By the time their first dancing class was over, most of the boys had crimson spots on their cheeks where their mannequin had shown disapproval for wandering hands or clumsy feet. Even George hadn’t been immune to the mannequins’ knack for catching mistakes. Poor Jacobi looked as though he’d been slapped at least a dozen times. “I’m a klutz,” he mumbled as they walked out of the gym.
“You’ll get the hang of it soon enough,” Adrian said.
Surprisingly, Kaelen had not once run the wrong way of his mannequin, a feat that Lucian complimented him on. “I figured you would have had the hardest time,” he said. “After all, your mannequin was half your size. I was afraid you wouldn’t even be able to touch her without getting slapped.”
“I was too,” Kaelen admitted.
“Size doesn’t matter in dancing,” Gelasia said from behind them. “It’s a matter of grace and manner. None of you did terribly.”
“I got slapped fifteen times,” Jacobi said in disbelief. “I was terrible.”
“Nonsense,” Gelasia reassured him. “It’ll come with time. Just remember to count and you’ll do just fine. Besides, you’ve only got to work on being more graceful. Some of those boys need to work on that and their manners.” She smiled and turned to go a different direction as the boys continued up the stairs to their rooms.
“Can you believe that?” he asked when he was sure they were out of earshot. “I think she’s being overly nice.”
“Not really,” Adrian said. “It’s like she said; once you’ve got the beat down, you’ll do great. And if it makes you feel any better, I wasn’t far behind you in slaps for stepping on toes; my mannequin slapped me eleven times.” He didn’t tell them that one of the times he’d been slapped was for randomly sticking his tongue out. He couldn’t explain to anyone, including himself, why he had done it. It had just sort of happened, like an odd tic some people got. In fact, weird things had been happening more and more often to him. Swimming was almost painful because his eyes seemed bugged out at the end of the class. He constantly heard buzzing in his ears, like there was a fly nearby that he couldn’t see and couldn’t get rid of. The weird part was that hearing the buzzing made him feel hungry. Then there was the fact that Lucian was the same height he was and yet, he didn’t seem to be growing. Adrian knew that when he’d left home he had been six foot one, nearly six two. Why was he suddenly three inches shorter?

Year 4 Chapter 3
Back to Table of Contents

After a disappointing day in healing, Adrian ran into Lucian on his way to his room.“Aren’t you coming to dinner?”
“Yeah, let me drop my stuff off at my room first,” he sighed.
“Class that bad?” Adrian asked.
 “I really hope that my quest doesn’t involve saving Moira from some weird disease. I think she might die if it does.”
Laughing, Adrian said, “I suppose it could be worse.”
Lucian shrugged. “How was swimming?”
“I swear one of these days Achilles is just going to zap me into oblivion,” Adrian replied with a frown. “I’m trying my hardest. What more does he want?”
As they walked past the infirmary, a raised voice spoke Adrian’s name. The boys stopped to listen. “I can’t get him where he needs to be because the change is happening too rapidly,” they heard Achilles say, frustration clear in his voice. “Isn’t there something you can do?”
Tallia’s voice replied, “Achilles, you know very well that I can’t do anything about the Sister’s magic. Even the students know that. You’re just going to have to make the best of it.”
He growled, “I still think we should have told him from the beginning.”
“Your own mother knew it was best not to say anything,” she retorted, obviously irritated. “How would you react if you were told that you were turning into a frog?”
Suddenly Adrian gulped, no longer listening to the conversation going on in Tallia’s office. “They’re not serious are they?” he whispered to Lucian.
Lucian shrugged. “I don’t think so. Maybe they’re talking about someone else. I mean, you’d know right?”
Adrian eyed him suspiciously. “Did you know about this?”
“No,” Lucian squeaked.
“I’m going to talk to Calista,” Adrian said, determination in his voice.
“Talk to me about what?” she asked. Both boys jumped and whirled around, unaware that she had been standing behind them.
“Tallia said I’m being turned into a frog,” Adrian blurted out.
“Why would Tallia tell you that you were being turned into a frog?” she asked.
He blushed. “She didn’t exactly tell me, I overheard her say it.”
“You were eavesdropping?”
“No, not exactly, well maybe, yes. I wasn’t doing it on purpose,” Adrian said. “I heard my name and started listening. But they said I’m turning into a frog. I can’t be turning into a frog, can I? I’ve never been in trouble.”
Calista sighed, “I didn’t want to do it this way.”
“You mean I am turning into a frog?” Adrian panicked. “I can’t save my princess if I’m a frog!” He suddenly gasped, “Allegra. You have to stop this, you have to! I can’t go through what Kaelen did. I can’t watch Allegra leave me! I love her.”
“Allegra won’t abandon you,” Lucian said.
“Of course she won’t,” Calista agreed, “because Allegra will not know. Come to my office after supper and we’ll discuss this.”
“Why not now?” Adrian asked, trying to ignore the buzzing in his ear.
“Because we’re already late and I’m sure you’re both very hungry,” Calista replied. Adrian’s tongue shot out of his mouth and he slapped a hand over it. “And, Lucian, since you are aware of the situation, I’ll have both of you come to my office. But for now, we’re going to eat and I would advise both of you to not say anything about this to your peers.”
Calista walked away and Adrian turned to Lucian. “You’ve known all along, haven’t you?”
“No, I haven’t,” Lucian replied. “I found out a little while ago that someone was under a spell, but I didn’t know who.”
Adrian sighed, “I’m going to be the worst Prince Charming ever. I won’t even get to rescue my princess.”
“Cheer up, you don’t want the others to see you like this,” Lucian said.
“You don’t honestly think I’m going to keep them in the dark do you? I won’t tell them right now,” he added when Lucian looked about to argue, “but as soon as we finish talking to Calista, I’m going to let the others know too. I can’t keep this a secret by myself. Besides, you guys will probably have to help me. Be honest with me Lucian, do you think I even have a chance at this?”
Lucian smiled. “If anyone in the world can get Allegra to fall in love with a frog, it’s you.”
“I’m not sure if I should be offended or take that as a compliment.”
“Well, I meant it as a compliment.”
They stopped talking about it as they joined their friends. After supper, Adrian and Lucian excused themselves and went to Calista’s office. She was waiting behind her desk with Lucretia sitting at her side. She invited them to have a seat. “Now, we’ll discuss what is going on. In your second year, Adrian, Lucretia saw fit to cast a spell on you. I’m fairly sure that she had intended for you to instantly become a frog, so you should consider yourself grateful it has taken two years for you to notice.”
“Grateful?” he said in disbelief. “I’m turning into a frog!”
Calista raised an eyebrow which instantly silenced the room. “Nevertheless,” she said when Adrian was quiet again, “it is going a little faster than what some of the fairies anticipated. We were under the impression that it would take a full three years. However, things seem to be speeding up, perhaps because you are a growing boy.”
“Why did this happen?” he asked. “I’ve never once been in trouble.”
“That is true, Adrian,” she replied. “Lucretia did this of her own choosing and will now explain to you her reasons and why we have done nothing to change it.”
Lucretia looked at Adrian almost apologetically. “This may take some time, so bear with me,” she began. “You will of course remember that I was the youngest witch during your second year. Much like Maeve who had difficulty controlling her magic because she was the oldest and the Change was already altering her, I too was at a vulnerable stage. One of the traits of being the youngest is impulsiveness. I was asked that year to bless the flowers you were growing for the fairy wedding, because my gift is with plants. I was walking towards the greenhouse as you were walking back to the castle. I caught you sticking your tongue out. While that is certainly typical boy behavior, it is not the behavior of a gentleman. So, being in a wicked frame of mind anyway, I cast a silent spell on you to turn you into a frog. Calista is quite correct in believing that it should have been an immediate transformation. However, the Change alters the magic of all the Sisters and it changed the nature of the spell. It was frustrating because an immediate change is easier to fix than one that lasts for several years.”
“Why didn’t you try anyway?” he asked.
“I knew eventually the fairies would see the glow of magic and tell me to take it back, so for the time I did nothing. As I said, the youngest witch is impulsive. When Calista was told and the Sisters were brought to her office, I honestly had every intention of removing the spell. But Maeve told us that it would be impossible. Adrian, you never were going to be the one to go on a quest. It was written in the stars that your princess would be the one to find and rescue you. As much as I would like to say that I can return you to normal, I cannot. It is forbidden by the stars and that is a rule that I cannot go against. I am truly sorry, Adrian. But this is what is meant to be. And you should know that I paid a terrible price for my indiscretion.”
“Thank you, Lucretia. You may go if you need to,” Calista said.
Lucretia smiled and rose from her seat. “I am sorry.”
“Over the past couple of years,” Calista continued, “we have tried to add things into your schedule that will make this transition easier.”
“Like amphibian studies and swimming,” Adrian said.
“Precisely. You see,” she explained, “the reason I chose not to tell you is I wanted you to still have confidence in yourself and your ability to have a successful quest. I hoped to give you the longest time possible to come to terms with what is happening. However, we do need to discuss how to deal with this matter in regards to your princess. In light of what happened to Prince Kaelen, I do not feel it would be prudent to tell her about this little hiccup in your plans. Instead, you will continue to go about as though everything is perfectly normal.”
“How? Eventually it’ll be obvious, won’t it?”
“When we can no longer hide the fact that you are changing, we will set up a meeting between myself, Melantha, Allegra and you. We may even invite Lucretia so that she can best explain to Allegra what is happening. However, for now you are just as normal as any of the other boys, at least, I think so. Lucian, is Adrian green? I’m afraid having fairy eyes can be a disadvantage.”
“No, he isn’t,” he replied. “He’s just shorter than he used to be and has a habit of ribbeting at inopportune moments.”
“Well then, she won’t notice that you’re any different. I’ll have Gelasia make you some shoes that will put you back to the height you were. When you reach the point that it is obvious something is happening, we’ll meet again to discuss how to proceed,” Calista said. “For now, I would suggest you continue in your coursework and personal life as though nothing has changed.”
“Calista, I have a question for you,” Lucian said. “Can we tell our closest friends about this? Having the support of our friends will make this easier on Adrian and help determine when we need to talk to Allegra.”
She replied, “I’m not sure that’s a very good idea, Lucian. While I understand the need for support, word travels far too quickly and it would be difficult to keep it from reaching the princesses.”
“I’m going to tell them with or without your permission,” Adrian said. “I’ll need their help. They won’t repeat what’s been told to them if they have given their word. No one outside our circle will know.”
Calista eyed Adrian and Lucian for a moment. She smiled, “Very well, Adrian. It will be as you wish. You may tell Kaelen, George and Jacobi However, you must not tell anyone else.”
“I won’t,” Adrian promised.
“Well, it is late now and you both need to be getting to bed. Have a good night boys,” she finished, holding the door of her office open. As Adrian walked through the door, she said, “Don’t worry, Adrian. Everything will work out just fine. You’ll see.”
Adrian knew that despite the multitude of questions he still had, the meeting was over and there would be no continuing it tonight. “Good night, Calista,” he said quietly. Feeling as though he’d been defeated by thirty dragons in a row, he walked away from the office with Lucian following close behind.

The end of the semester came and finals went by quickly. Adrian had told the other boys about the slow transformation into a frog. They had put their heads together and were doing what they could to try to help. Kaelen was probably the most helpful having actually been transformed himself. But his situation wasn’t very comforting. His princess had left him to remain a beast for all eternity. Adrian could only hope that Allegra would have a better reaction.
He tried to keep those thoughts from his mind as the princesses arrived for breakfast. He smiled at Allegra who was wearing a light green gown with little golden flowers. “You look lovely."
“Thanks,” she blushed. “Moira helped me with the embroidery. She’s very talented.”
Moira said hello to Adrian before turning to Lucian. “Is something different about Adrian?”
Lucian tried not to look guilty as he lied, “No, what makes you think so?”
“I don’t know.” She was looking at Adrian as though he were a puzzle missing a piece. “He just seems different somehow, not himself. Oh well,” she continued, returning her attention to Lucian with a smile, “I suppose it’s because I don’t see him very often.”
“That must be it,” Lucian said with a smile. “You look very nice today. Did you make the dress?”
“Yes I did.” Moira smiled, looking down at the delicate, lavender gown.
Lucian smiled back as Moira took his arm and allowed him to lead her into the dining hall. He held her seat for her and soon they were surrounded by all their closest friends. Chatter flowed about the table lightly and easily as they caught up from the last time of seeing each other.
“Oh, Kaelen, I have something for you,” Clarissa said, reaching into the pocket of her dress. “It’s from your sister. I’m sorry I didn’t send it in a letter like I normally have, but she just gave it to me last night. I thought you would prefer getting it now rather than waiting for next semester.”
Kaelen took the folded piece of paper from her and placed it in his jacket pocket. For the past several weeks each of his friends had made similar deliveries of notes that their princesses had sent to them. “Thanks, Clarissa. I appreciate it. Really, I appreciate all of you for helping me stay in touch with her.”
“That’s what friends are for,” Eleanor said. “I just wish there were an easier way.”
“Me too,” Kaelen admitted.
They were interrupted by Calista, “Kaelen, may I have a moment please?”
“Sure. Excuse me,” he said to the group and followed Calista out into the hall. Melantha and Gelasia were waiting there as well.
“Kaelen,” Calista began, “I have a strange request for you. But I would like Melantha to explain the situation before I make that request.”
Melantha smiled sadly at Kaelen. “I’m very sorry, my dear. I received a letter from your mother stating that Anna is to have no contact with you and that you were to be expelled. If she finds that there has been contact, she will pull Anna from Fair Damsels. I’m sure I don’t need to tell you how heartbreaking that would be for your sister. She is one of my best students and a true lady. I would hate to lose her to someone as bitter as your mother. Now, I happen to know that you have both been sneaking messages to each other. I will not ask you stop that communication; I think Anna needs to hear from you. But I would urge you to use caution.”
“I don’t understand,” he said, turning to Calista. “If you’re going to allow me to keep writing, which I appreciate, I don’t see what the request is.”
There was sadness in her tone and in her eyes as she said, “I need to have you stay away from the activities today. Most especially, I need you to be in your room while parents are here. I hate allowing others to dictate what happens at my school. However, Melantha and I agree that it would be best to appear to be following Queen Angelique’s wishes. I am so sorry, Kaelen. I know this is already a difficult.”
“It’s fine, Calista,” Kaelen interrupted, wishing he could remove the sorrow from the fairy’s eyes. “I understand. If you feel that this is best, then I will comply. Gelasia, I assume that you were going to offer to stay with me?”
She smiled. “That was indeed my intention if my company would be of comfort to you.”
“Gelasia, you are always a comfort.” He turned again to Calista, “Can I finish breakfast with my friends? They’ll miss me if I just disappear.”
“Of course you may,” she replied. As Kaelen walked away, she couldn’t help but feel a surge of pride in her student. She cleared her throat and dashed a tear from her eye. “Well, Gelasia, he has certainly grown since coming here, hasn’t he?”
“Indeed he has, dear,” Gelasia replied, patting her arm. “Calista, while he finishes breakfast, I’m going to speak to Maeve.”
“Whatever for?”
“I think there’s more to Kaelen’s story than perhaps we know. Many do not see much hope for him at all. His family has disowned him and his princess has abandoned him to a cruel fate. I think it’s time we revisited the stars and see what is truly in Kaelen’s future. I can’t believe that there is no hope for him. He has matured beyond what any of us would have imagined. So, I’m going to ask Maeve if she can get us more details on this situation. Then, after his parents have left with Anna, I suggest we have a meeting with him to discuss our findings.”
“As always Gelasia, you are a fount of wisdom,” Calista replied with a smile. “Go speak with Maeve. Perhaps there is some hope after all.”
Once Kaelen had returned to the dining hall, he told his friends about the meeting, mentioning only that he would be upstairs for the remainder of the day.
“How awful!” Clarissa said. “That’s so horribly unfair.”
Kaelen just shrugged. “Don’t let it ruin your day.” When breakfast was finished, he excused himself and led Gelasia up the stairs and towards his room.
“Dear, may I recommend that we convene in my classroom?” Gelasia requested.
“Your wish is my command,” he said.
She giggled. “I always knew there was a gentleman in you.”
Kaelen couldn’t help but laugh as well. “I’m sure for a while you were the only one. I’m afraid I really botched things in the beginning.”
“Well, my dear, no one is perfect. Now, I insist that you close your eyes. I have a surprise for you.”
“For me?”
“Unless you know a Kaelen I don’t,” she teased. “Go on, close your eyes.” Kaelen did as he was told and allowed Gelasia to lead him into the room. “And now you may open them.”
Kaelen blinked a couple times. In front of him was a spinning wheel and carefully bound bundles of straw. Sitting on the seat of the wheel was a sewing kit with oversized needles, thimbles, scissors and spools of thread. “Gelasia, this is, wow! Thank you.”
“You’re very welcome, my dear,” she replied with a smile. “I know as much as you may not want to admit it to your peers that you enjoy the more delicate tasks. And I thought that during those times when you can’t be with your friends, this will give you something to do that will be enjoyable and bring you happiness.”
Hugging Gelasia, he said, “This is the best present anyone has ever given me! Can I start on something right now?”
“Of course you may, dear.”
 “I wish I could do a dress for Anna. I know she’d like it.”
Smiling sadly, she said, “I know, dear. Why don’t you make a handkerchief that she could carry with her to remember you? Every young lady needs a beautiful handkerchief. I would make sure it got to her without your parents knowing. Anna will know, but they would be none the wiser.”
Kaelen smiled, “That’s a perfect idea. I’d better get some gold thread going.”

While Gelasia and Kaelen were upstairs, the others were in the dining hall trying to enjoy their lunch. “It’s so unfair that Kaelen can’t be here with us,” Jacobi said as they were eating.
“I’m sure the fairies have good reason for doing that,” Leticia replied. “After how his family reacted to his transformation, I’m sure it’s for the best that they have him not participating in this.”
“I hadn’t thought of that,” Jacobi admitted. “But you’re probably right.”
They continued to chat until it was time for them to each meet with their parents. Most of the parents had been arriving throughout lunch, including Allegra and Lucian’s. They spent some time sitting together talking before they split to get ready for their individual meetings. Lucian and Lysander continued up the stairs to wait outside Calista’s office while Allegra and Alexandra stopped by Airlia’s office. “How has your semester been going?” Lysander asked as they waited.
“It’s been going fairly well,” Lucian replied.
Calista came out of her office and waved them in. After she’d shut the door, she said, “As usual Lucian, you are doing very well. Many of your teachers have been impressed with your progress. I understand from Lorelei that you are doing incredibly well with learning to speak dragon.”
“Really?”
She laughed, “Yes, and coming from Lorelei that is high praise indeed. Though we both know she has no love of dragons, she is a very picky teacher and expects perfection of her students. She is very impressed with you and asks that over the break you try to find some time to continue practicing your Sea Serpent. She said that’s the one dialect you’re still a bit backwards on. George it seems also struggles with that dialect. Now I realize that he will be very busy over break with his sister’s wedding, but it might be wise for you to attempt to start studying together when school reconvenes in January.”
“Alright,” he said.
“Now, I have your schedule for next semester and a list of supplies as well. King Lysander, do you have any questions for me before we adjourn?” she asked.
Lysander shook his head. “Am I correct in assuming that we will need to stay overnight due to the nature of this evening’s program?”
“Indeed you are. We have arranged for housing at The Glass Slipper in town,” she explained. “I believe you know where that is.”
“Yes, Alexandra and I have stayed there many times,” he replied. “Thank you.”
“It’s the least we can do. Now, if there is nothing further, I’ll meet with you again next spring.”
Lysander and Lucian rejoined the others downstairs. As they began their end of semester feast, Melantha rose to make an announcement. “For those in your fourth year, and for my ladies if your prince is in his fourth year, you will need to stay after supper. There will be one final activity before we part for the year. For the rest of you, we sincerely wish you a pleasant break and a safe journey home.” The fairies spent some time bidding farewell to the younger students who were leaving. As they did that, other fairies were causing the tables and chairs in the dining hall to relocate themselves closest to the walls, leaving a wide open space in the middle. “Oh no,” Jacobi moaned.
“What’s the matter?” Clarissa asked.
“They’re going to make us dance,” he said
 “I take it the lessons haven’t been easy for you either?”
“You’ve had a hard time learning to dance?” he asked.
“Well, it certainly hasn’t been the easiest of my classes,” she replied.
Soon Melantha came back into the room. “Tonight, we will be having our Winter Ball.” She waved her wand and the room suddenly was transformed into a magical fairyland with snow encrusted pine trees and softly fluttering, glittering snowflakes that disappeared instantly on touching something. Silver and blue streamers surrounded the tables and ran along the walls of the hall. It was one of the most breathtaking sights any of them had seen.
A small fairy band arranged themselves on the stage where the teachers’ tables normally were. As they began the soft strains of a romantic waltz, slowly the dance floor filled with couples. Even parents were taking part. For a moment, Lucian just watched as his father led his mother in a graceful waltz about the room. He hadn’t really seen his parents dance together and couldn’t help but feel jealous of their grace and the love that was so obvious on each face. Finally he turned to Moira and cleared his throat. “Shall we join them?” he asked with a bow.
For a moment she looked reluctant, then smiled and curtsied. “Yes, I’d like that.”
As Lucian tried to keep the rhythm of steps in his head, he also tried to engage Moira in conversation. While she had been polite throughout the day and even pleasant at moments, there was a reserve in her behavior. Trying to think of a way to broach the subject, he commented, “Your letters have been somewhat shorter recently.”
Moira looked surprised. “Really? I guess I haven’t had much to say.”
“Are you sure that’s it?”
“What else would it be?” she asked, a stubborn tone sneaking into her voice.
“Well, I know I kind of flubbed things at the last meeting,” he said.
“I don’t know what you mean.”
“Oh come on, Moira,” he retorted, trying to keep the edge off his voice, “we both know you left mad. I just wanted to make sure I hadn’t said anything that offended you.”
“You really have no clue, do you?”
“About what?”
Shaking her head, Moira muttered, “Boys really are blind.”
“Then help me see,” Lucian replied, exasperation clear in his voice. “I’m really not trying to be stupid, though obviously I’m succeeding.”
“I did not say that you were stupid,” she said. Though he could tell she was still mad, her tone was gentler. “Look, I was frustrated because I’ve tried a couple of times to tell you something and you seem to think you already know what I’m going to say. You don’t let me finish.”
“Well, why didn’t you write it to me?” he asked. “I can’t interrupt a letter.”
“Lucian, this isn’t the kind of thing I wanted to say in a letter. I needed to say it to your face, where I could see you,” she explained.
He considered this for a moment and then said, “Okay, so what did you want to tell me?”
She hesitated. “I, I want to talk about last winter. And don’t just assume that I’m going to tell you that you’re not doing a good job. You’ve done a fine job of being my friend and I appreciate that.”
“Well, what then?” he asked.
“Oh, Lucian, you really are clueless,” she laughed nervously. “And that’s not making this any easier to say. Lucian, I don’t want to just be friends anymore.”
Lucian was sure he had heard her wrong. “What?”
“I don’t want us to just be friends. I’ve never just wanted to be friends, but I thought that would be the best way to prevent myself from getting heartbroken. But after seeing your parents and then with things that have happened at home with Mother. I mean, she’s actually happy now and she does things with Adrian. With everything that’s happened, I realized that it wouldn’t matter if I tried to just be your friend. I,” she paused. “I already like you. Not just as my friend, but as my prince.”
“So, we don’t have to just be friends anymore?” he asked, hardly allowing himself to believe.
Moira laughed. “No, we don’t have to just be friends.”
Despite the fact that music was still playing, for a moment Lucian and Moira just stood under the soft candlelight. For the first time in his life, Lucian was tempted to kiss a girl; and not just a kiss on the hand or a kiss on the cheek. He wanted to really kiss her. Moira seemed to sense this and looked away, breaking momentarily the spell that had seemed to hold them captive. They once again heard the music, though it was coming to a close and other couples were already leaving the floor. Blushing, Lucian offered Moira his arm. She took it and he led her back to where Leticia was sitting watching everyone. She had a knowing smile on her face. “Enjoy yourselves?”
“Yes, I believe we did,” Moira replied, smiling at Lucian.

While the Winter Ball was beginning downstairs, Calista was meeting with Kaelen, Gelasia and Maeve in her office. “Before I ask Maeve to tell us what she’s learned, I’d like to speak to you, Kaelen, about this semester. All of your teachers have seen a great deal of growth in you. You have taken an incredibly difficult situation and done the best you can with it. Next semester most of your classes will remain the same. Calypso did say she’d like you to read chapter fourteen about recognizing enchantments over the break. You missed several points that she says are vital to your success.”
“So there is hope?” he asked.
Calista smiled. “There is always hope. In fact, that is why we’ve asked Maeve to join us. Gelasia asked Maeve to consult the star charts once again to see if we can glean a little more about what will be your quest. Maeve?”
She stared out the window at the stars. “Don’t fear, dear, you won’t always be a wallflower.”
“Maeve?” Gelasia said.
“Sorry,” she said, turning her attention back to the group. “The sky is so clear tonight and the stars have so much to say.” She sighed and then continued, “However, after rereading the charts, I’ve discovered more that I can tell you. I’m afraid that while I do have a knack for reading them, I do sometimes rush and miss important details. So when Gelasia asked me to take another look, at first I saw no difference. Then Calypso told me to take my time and look deeper.” Maeve rolled her green eyes at the ceiling. “She was right of course. There’s more.”
For a moment it was quiet. “Yes?” Kaelen prompted.
“You will have a quest,” Maeve stated.
“That’s it?”
Maeve raised an eyebrow. “Isn’t that what you wanted to know?” she asked. There was an impish innocence to her voice. Kaelen could hardly believe that the blonde, green-eyed witch in front of him was the same dotty old woman who had turned his uniform into a hideous pink dress his first year. This witch wasn’t dotty, but more like a cat playing with a mouse.
“We need you to be more specific, Maeve dear,” Gelasia said, sensing both Kaelen and Calista’s frustration.
“Well I certainly can’t give you all the details, now can I?” she teased. “It would spoil everything. But I do understand that you need a little more information. Yes, Kaelen you will have a quest. The stars have guaranteed that there is a young lady for you to rescue. I can’t explain to you the how and whom, but she is out there. Perhaps, Kaelen, the most important thing for you to know at this time is that your transformation did not actually alter your quest at all.”
“What do you mean?” he asked.
“There was always going to be a transformation involved in your quest, Kaelen,” she replied. “We couldn’t have known at the time what exactly that transformation would be. But from the very beginning, this has been a part of your quest. You have the same chance of success as any other prince facing any other challenge.”
“So then, this was meant to happen to me?” he said.
“Yes. You were always going to face some challenge. Every prince does; yours just seems bigger and more difficult to overcome. But your chances are just as good as any boy here. Although, Calista, you do know his schedule is going to have to undergo serious overhauls, don’t you?”
Calista looked surprised. “Excuse me?”
“You heard me. The classes he has now are nowhere near sufficient,” Maeve repeated coyly. “Although, I think Kaelen has been separated from his friends long enough. I suggest he return to the festivities and we can continue this discussion in private. Have a pleasant evening, Kaelen.”
He looked at Calista for a moment, unsure of whether or not he was actually dismissed. “Yes, Kaelen, you may go. Enjoy yourself,” she said. As soon as he was out of the room and the door closed she said, “What do you mean his classes aren’t sufficient?”
“I don’t think you fully comprehend the nature of his transformation,” Maeve explained. “He is going to go through a complete transformation.”
“He has gone through a transformation. He’s a beast,” Calista replied. “Well, a beast in body.”
“Precisely,” Maeve countered. “His transformation is not complete. The magic of the school is the only thing preventing his full transformation. When the time comes for him to leave the school on a permanent basis, the rest of the transformation will occur; quite rapidly I might add.”
“I’m not following you. What exactly are you saying?”
Maeve sighed impatiently, “I’m saying that he will undergo a transformation of self. He will no longer be a gentleman at all. Right now he looks like a beast, but he’s still very much Kaelen. He’s still human. When he leaves the protection of the school permanently, he will become a beast in body, mind and action. He will hardly be the Kaelen that you are teaching.”
“Then there really isn’t any hope,” Calista said sadly.
“As you so eloquently put it earlier, there is always hope,” Maeve replied. “Where Kaelen lives after school will be the only place he can be. He will be unable to leave. Yes, he has a quest, but the lady will come to him rather than the other way around. He, like every boy here, has a princess.”
“But Esmé abandoned him,” Calista recalled, “and has been altered beyond repair.”
“I don’t believe I said that Esmé was his princess.”
Calista thought for a moment, “But, I seem to remember that every prince has only one princess. Are you saying that Esmé was never Kaelen’s princess?”
“While it is true that every prince has but one princess and vice versa, it doesn’t work quite the way you think,” Maeve explained. “Esmé had the opportunity to be Kaelen’s princess, but she gave that up. She chose to not have a prince and to be a hag for eternity just as Nathan chose not to have a princess last year and will be an ogre for eternity. There is indeed one who will be Kaelen’s princess.”
“Well, the only young lady without a prince is Leticia, is she his princess?” Calista asked.
“You are quite mistaken,” Maeve said, “Leticia has a prince.”
“But Nathan was her prince.”
“He had that chance and gave it up.”
“None of the other princesses at Fair Damsels are without a prince,” Calista said, exasperation in her voice.
“I didn’t say that the young lady in question was a princess at Fair Damsels,” Maeve said, rolling her eyes. “You are taking yourself in circles with things you clearly don’t understand. I’ll tell Calypso to come see you tomorrow in order to help you reset Kaelen’s schedule. There are many things you will have to do in order to not lose him entirely to the transformation. If you don’t, then I’m afraid all will be lost. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have business elsewhere.” She rose to leave.
“I’m not finished with you,” Calista said.
“Oh, but you are,” Maeve replied with the same impish tone she’d had at the beginning of the meeting. “I cannot neglect my duties and the longer I sit here, the less I can accomplish.”
“I can call Calypso,” Calista warned.
Maeve smirked. “Be my guest. But she would tell you the same thing. I have other business I need to attend to and you are delaying me. Enjoy your evening.” She turned to leave and then turned back to Gelasia, who had been sitting quietly throughout the course of the meeting taking everything in. “Oh, Gelasia, the one you’re concerned about? You needn’t be. There is a happy ending there. Good night.” She smiled before continuing out the door.
“I hate it when they’re young,” Calista sighed as the door shut behind Maeve. “They’re so frustrating. That gave us absolutely nothing to work with.”
“I don’t think that’s true,” Gelasia countered. “We received a great deal of information.”
“All she did was lead us in a circle that doesn’t lead to a happy ending for anyone,” Calista retorted, frustration in her tone.
“No, I think I understand what she’s saying. It is a little complicated, but yes, I think I see. I need to go speak with her about this.”
“You’re not going to explain this to me either, are you?”
“I’m afraid not dear,” Gelasia said. “I believe there may yet be one more task for me to do before I leave.”
“Leave? You’re not leaving are you? We’ve already discussed this; you’ll be here, working.”
“No, I don’t think so. We both know that my time here is limited. I had been planning on one thing, but I think my plans may be about to change.”
“But, you’re staying here until that time, aren’t you?” Calista asked, almost desperately.
Gelasia shrugged. “I’m not sure. I really must speak to Maeve about this. There’s something else for me to do. I’m not meant to finish my days at the academy. Good night, Calista.” With that, Gelasia walked out the door leaving Calista feeling more confused than ever.

Year 4 Chapter 4
Back to Table of Contents

Early the next morning, Adrian and his family began the trip back to Lictthane. Nana talked nonstop about what a delightful time she’d had the evening before. Nobody minded that she was doing so; they loved to hear Nana talk. As they were coming towards their castle, they noticed a carriage near the front entrance that was being led towards the barn. “I wonder who that could be,” Lavinia said as they neared. “I’m not expecting anyone. Did you have someone coming today, Mother?”
“No, but I’m pretty sure I know whose carriage that is,” Nana replied with a smile.
Adrian and Moira exchanged grins. They had a pretty good guess who it belonged to as well. As their carriage stopped, they ran into the castle. A tall, spindly man was standing in the hall where the family portrait Nana had brought was hanging. “Well, how are my favorite niece and nephew?”
“Uncle Sebastian!” Moira cried as she threw her arms around him.
He laughed heartily. “Well, well, my love, you’ve certainly grown since the last time I saw you. Turn about and let me look at you.” He watched Moira spin about. “Yes, you’re still the loveliest girl there ever was. And you young man,” he said turning to Adrian, “well, you’ve hardly changed at all.” Sebastian looked every bit Nana’s twin. He had the same crinkled blue eyes surrounded by laugh lines. His hair hadn’t grayed as much as hers had; there were still traces of black beneath the frost of silver. But they had the same face and the same cheerful disposition.
“Uncle Sebastian,” Lavinia said with a smile as she came inside, “what a pleasant surprise. I didn’t know you were coming; I would have had the guest room prepared for you.”
“You know how I hate formalities,” he replied. “It’s so much better seeing the surprise on your faces when I show up. Besides, spontaneity keeps you young and helps those you love stay on their toes. Hello again, Bethany.”
“Sebastian, it has been far too long since you visited,” Nana chided as she hugged her brother.
He grinned and led the two children away. “Now, you two must tell me all about school and your future loves. I simply must know everything.”
Nana and Lavinia shared a glance and then laughed. “He always did like an entrance.”
“That is very true,” Lavinia replied. “Well, I’d best go have the guest room prepared for him. I wish just once he would tell us when he was coming.”She then walked to find the housekeeper and arrange a room for Sebastian to stay in. She knew the housekeeper would be out of sorts with the news. While a kind-hearted woman, she had a very definite schedule and did not like surprises.
As Lavinia was making arrangements, Sebastian sat in the parlor with Adrian and Moira discussing everything that had been going on in their lives. “Moira, tell me about your Prince Charming. What’s he like?”
Moira blushed. “He’s the perfect gentleman, Uncle Sebastian.” She began describing Lucian in great detail. She told him about the letters they wrote back and forth, explaining all that she’d learned about him. “Unfortunately,” she finished, “he’s still a little shorter than I am.”
“Well that’s an easy enough fix,” he replied with an impish wink. “Quit growing so much. And if that doesn’t work, I could always cut your feet off at the ankles. That might give him the advantage.”
“You would not!” she giggled.
“Best stop growing then, m’dear,” he retorted with a teasing grin. “And now you, Adrian, what is your princess like? Is she as pretty as Moira?”
Adrian blushed. “Uncle Sebastian, that’s an unfair question. If I say that Moira’s prettier, you’ll tell me I should say that Allegra is prettier. But if I do say Allegra’s prettier, I risk offending Moira.”
“I didn’t ask if she was prettier,” he said, winking at Moira. “I asked if she was as pretty.”
“They are both beautiful in their own way,” Adrian replied.
“Very delicately put,” Sebastian said. “Now, tell me what this Allegra looks like. I like her already, beautiful name. Very musical.”
“Well, I don’t know how musical Allegra is, but she is very artistic,” Adrian added. Sebastian smiled and he continued, “She’s very pretty. She has light brown eyes, almost the color of amber, and long, wavy auburn hair.” He continued to paint a portrait in words of his princess as his great-uncle listened with rapt attention.
Moira was also listening intently. She’d suddenly realized something that she’d never noticed before. She realized that her twin brother was in love. She smiled, knowing that he couldn’t have given that love to a better princess. She listened for a while longer until Uncle Sebastian pulled her back into the conversation. Soon Lavinia arrived and announced that luncheon was ready. The three walked out of the parlor and as Adrian passed her, Moira again got the feeling that there was something different about him. He seemed to be shorter than she was. Of course, she had to have been mistaken; Adrian had always been the taller of the two. Unless, she thought miserably, I have grown again. Yet even as that depressing thought came, she was sure that wasn’t it. Something had changed in him. She knew it, but couldn’t quite put her finger on it. As they sat to eat, Moira’s concerns were pushed away by the cheerful chatter around the table.
As the meal came to a close, the family went into the parlor and sat before the fireplace, listening to the crackling logs and Uncle Sebastian as he told them the latest of his adventures. Adrian and Moira were never quite sure how much of their great-uncle’s stories they should believe. They knew that as soon as the kingdom he had ruled was turned over to a new ruler, Sebastian had dedicated his life to traveling Sanalbereth and discovering all he could about the land and its people. He was an adventurer and possessed a vivid imagination which sometimes made his tales of travel far more exotic and wild than perhaps they actually were.
“Never have you seen such trees,” Sebastian said stretching his arms towards the ceiling. “They seemed to be as high as the very clouds; reaching upwards forever. I went into the forest to make sketches of the wildlife there. It was as dark as a stormy midnight; my only light was my lantern. The forest was filled with sounds of birds, insects, wild creatures. There wasn’t a person to be found for miles around. I felt quite alone in that place. Yet, I often felt as though I were being followed; by man or beast I had not yet learned.”
The story continued on with Sebastian facing a terrible panther deep in the woods. Moira still gasped in all the right places as she had since childhood, making the story even better for the listeners and the teller. He told of the epic battle and how he’d nearly become the meal of this fearsome predator; building the story until he finally reached the climax where he defeated the hungry beast with barely the strength to stand.
“I was so exhausted that I leaned against a tree nearby and soon fell asleep, the rustling of the leaves in the trees playing a soft lullaby to soothe me,” he continued. “Despite the dangers in the woods, there was a peace there as well. When I continued my journey to the heart of the forest, I discovered the ruins of an ancient fairy city in a small dell. The craftsmanship was strange and beautiful at the same time. There was a delicacy in it and yet it seemed also primitive. It was an interesting balance of the two. I spent many hours there, sketching and studying the remains of buildings. I estimate they haven’t been used in thousands of years. They were built mostly of wood, but also of stone. I surmise the stone would have come from the mountains that were not far distant.”
“Uncle Sebastian, how would the wood not have rotted?” Adrian asked.
“I asked myself the same question,” he replied. “The best guess I have is that it is the magic of the fairies; we do know that they have always charmed their homes with protection from harm. I suppose also that some of it would be the protection from the elements. Not a lot of sunshine or water would be able to get through those trees. That might help prolong the life. Some of the buildings were built right into trees and these trees have simply adapted to the inconvenience. But there were places where the wood had indeed succumbed to its age. That’s why I said the ruins of a city.” Sebastian winked and for a long while continued his tale. He described the city and then a river that ran through it and had led him to the mountains from which the ancient fairies must have quarried their stone. There was a large, rushing waterfall that flowed into the river. The mountains were riddled with caves and more dangers. The adventurous Sebastian would not be stopped by these, but merely continued his journey, facing the danger and finally reaching a small town in the province he’d been exploring. “And upon arriving there, I decided it had been far too long since the last time I had visited my niece and her children. Imagine my surprise when I found my sister staying here too,” he finished.
“I wrote to you saying that I had moved,” Nana said.
“Well, I haven’t been home in a year and a half,” Sebastian replied with a smile. “I’ve been far too busy. I daresay there’s probably a whole mountain of mail waiting for me to come and read it.”
“You need to go home more often,” she teased.
Sebastian waved a hand. “Home is boring and lonely. I’d much rather be out in the world than home twiddling my thumbs. Besides, if I’d been at home, I wouldn’t have been able to bring such unique gifts with me.” He rose and went into the hall where he’d requested one of his bags be left. Coming back into the room, he sat down and began pulling packages out of the bag. “Let’s see, one for Moira, one for Adrian, one for Lavinia and of course one for Bethany. I planned on delivering yours as my next stop, but you’ve made my job easier.”
Nana laughed as each of them unwrapped the colorful packages. Moira pulled out a sketchpad and new set of pastels as well as another, long box. “How’d you know I was running low on paper?” she asked as she set the paper and pastels aside and turned her attention to the long box. Inside was a delicate crystal and gold necklace. She gasped, “This is so beautiful, Uncle Sebastian! Thank you.”
“My pleasure. You’re not a little girl anymore, it’s time you had some real jewelry. Besides, I found that crystal in one of the caves that I discovered. What better way to remember a wonderful trip than to see you wearing it?”
Lavinia also had a crystal necklace and matching earrings. Nana was soon wearing a crystal brooch while Adrian pulled a dagger with tiny crystals in the hilt out of his box. It had a leather sheath with intricate carving on it. “Wow,” he said, “this is awesome! Thanks, Uncle Sebastian.”
“Just promise me that you won’t get into any trouble with that,” he teased with a wink. “I’d hate for your mother to take it away from you.”
“I won’t,” Adrian promised.
Soon the cook entered the room to tell them that supper was ready for them. Moira asked Sebastian to help her put the necklace on before they went into the dining hall. “This really did turn out beautifully. You’re lovely, my dear.”
Moira blushed. “I think you say that because I’m your niece.”
Laughing, Sebastian retorted, “I am bound to say only the truth, love.”

Early one afternoon in Maltisten, Kaelen and Lucian practiced their swordplay in Lysander’s fencing hall. Lucian had insisted on practicing right handed. “I’m getting better, I know I am,” Lucian said as they took a short break. “It still feels really weird though.”
“I can understand that,” Kaelen replied. He wasn’t feeling much better about his swordsmanship than Lucian was. “I suppose it’ll get easier. You know what’s going to be terrible though?”
“What?” Lucian asked as they started up again.
“I’m going to get so used to being a huge beast with super strength that when I do become human again, I’m going to feel like the weakest, tiniest person in the world,” Kaelen said with a laugh.
Lucian laughed too. “I doubt you’ll be tiny. You were a lot taller than everyone before the transformation. Well, everyone except Adrian.”
They were prevented from speaking longer as Alexandra came in to tell them that lunch was ready. “Put your swords away properly and then come eat.”
“Yes, Mom,” Lucian said. The boys put their swords away and walked down the hallway to the dining hall. They joined everyone else for steaming bowls of soup and freshly baked rolls. Conversation floated around the table lightly and easily as they ate together. As a maid was removing the lunch dishes, Cook came in with a large tiered cake with a single candle on the top. “Happy Birthday, Your Majesty.”
“You always remember that chocolate and raspberry is my favorite,” she said to Cook. “I don’t know what we’d do without you.”
Cook simply smiled before returning to the kitchen.
Everyone wished Alexandra a happy birthday and watched her blow out her candle before they began passing plates of cake around. “Well, love, what did you wish for this year?” Lysander asked.
“I can’t tell you or my wish won’t come true,” she replied.
“Well, you should at least give me a hint so that I can try to help it come true,” he teased.
She laughed, “I have everything a woman could possibly want. I have a wonderful husband, the two most beautiful children in the world, and now a second son who is wonderful in and of himself,” she added, smiling down the table at Kaelen. “There’s very little left for me to wish for.”
“Well,” he said, a mischievous note to his voice, “I was thinking that maybe it was time we went on a second honeymoon. But if you already have everything you want…”
“Lysander Paul,” she chided, “you know perfectly well that I wouldn’t say no. What exactly did you have in mind?”
“I was thinking that you and I would go on a trip around the southern portion of Sanalbereth so we can warm up a little bit. We’d visit your parents and then come up and visit my parents, taking the longest route possible,” he replied, taking his wife’s hand. “What better way to spend our silver anniversary?”
Smiling so brightly that it seemed to light the room, she said, “That sounds perfect, darling. When do we leave?”
“Tomorrow.”
“But the children, how will they get to school?”
“I’ve already arranged with Lavinia to come and get the children for school. She’ll be taking them back when she takes her children. All of them are old enough to be on their own for a while. Besides, Samuel will keep them out of trouble, won’t you?”
“Of course, sire,” the butler replied as he brought the mail in for the day.
“There you see? Everything is all taken care of. For a few weeks, you can just concentrate on being the most beautiful woman I know,” he said.
Laughing, she replied, “Well, I suppose I have no arguments left. Tomorrow it shall be.”
It was still early when Alexandra and Lysander left the following morning, waving from their carriage. The sun was barely peeking over the horizon as Alexandra hugged and kissed each of them before leaving. “Now you be sure you behave and if you need anything at all, send word. And don’t forget to make sure you go to town today to get any supplies that we missed for school. Oh and…”
“Mother, we’ll be fine,” Allegra interrupted with a smile. “Go on and enjoy yourselves.”
As the carriage left, everyone else headed back inside. Allegra went into the parlor to work on the needlepoint she’d been working on over the break. The boys went to the fencing hall, but didn’t feel much like actually practicing. Instead, they polished their swords until they gleamed and talked. “Well, I guess we should make sure we have everything ready for school” Kaelen said. “After all, Adrian’s mom will be coming tomorrow afternoon to get us.”
“Why does break always go by so quickly?” Lucian asked with a laugh.

All too soon classes had started again. Morghana watched Lucian as he measured the ingredients for the poultice he was working on. She studied the way he worked, trying to find the best way to help him improve. She played absent-mindedly with a lock of tangled white hair, twisting it around her finger as she watched. No, no, that’s not the way, she thought as Lucian began heating the mixture over the small fire. “Lucian, you need to hold that up higher over the flame or the ingredients will burn. If they do, it will render your poultice useless.”
He sighed and lifted the small pan higher above the flame. He got the feeling that no matter what he did, it was never going to be good enough. In his mind he could just see himself working on poultices up until the day of graduation. Then Morghana would say there hadn’t been enough improvement and he wasn’t ready to be a Prince Charming. Moira would be stuck dying in some tower who knew where and he’d be stuck in this miserable little room trying to figure out the cure.
As though sensing Lucian’s frustration, Morghana said, “Why don’t you set that to the side for a while? A little break never hurt anyone.” Gladly, Lucian set down the pan and sat back in his chair. When he had, she asked, “How do you think you’re doing, Lucian?”
Unsure quite how to respond, he shrugged, “I guess I’m doing better. I just don’t get everything.”
“Well, dear, nobody learns this overnight,” she rasped. “Even my very best students have struggled with this part. It probably doesn’t help that I am a bit of a perfectionist when it comes to this sort of thing. A lot of that is because I have to be. Even the slightest mistake can change a cure to a death sentence.”
Great, Lucian thought, I am going to kill Moira and not even be trying to.
“Don’t be too hard on yourself,” she continued, as though she had known his thought. “You really are improving a great deal more than you see. In fact, I do believe you’re almost ready to move on to more difficult poultices. The reason that we spend so much time on them is because they are so useful. There are so many applications for them. They can be used to heal people, sick animals; some can even help wilting plants, not that you face that problem,” she added. Before Lucian could ask what she meant, Morghana had continued on. “The art of poultice making is a long and difficult process to master. In truth Lucian, you are one of my better students. I’ve only had a few who learned this process as quickly as you have and one of them had perhaps an unfair advantage.”
 “So, I’m not failing?”
“Dear heavens, no,” she laughed. “Believe me, child, if you were failing you would know it.” She glanced at the wall clock. “Well, we’re out of time for today. I know you’re tired of hearing it…”
“I need to reread chapter fifteen again,” he interrupted, unable to keep the misery from his voice.
 “Actually, I think if you just read the section on heating the ingredients that should be sufficient. Read that section and perhaps the section on cutting them. You’re still a little too choppy. Then, we’ll see how you do next time. Enjoy the rest of your day Lucian.”
“You too, Morghana.” He walked out of the hovel and back towards the castle. He pulled his jacket closer about himself as he walked to block out the wind. It was bitterly cold which didn’t really improve his mood much.
His thoughts were interrupted as he got inside and met with the rest of his classmates in Airlia’s classroom for language arts. They were studying romantic poetry, which most of the boys found to be rather pointless. Lucian tended to spend much of this class in a bit of a stupor. He had never been particularly good in language arts, much less romantic poetry. He didn’t think he was capable of writing anything romantic. Words just weren’t enough. Then Airlia’s voice interrupted him again. “You’ll have to write a series of ten sonnets for your princess, two of which you will memorize and present to her at your next meeting. These sonnets are due at the end of the month. We will then revise and edit them until they are perfect. Your presentation will be graded, so think carefully about what you wish to write.”
Her announcement was met with much groaning and suddenly Lucian wished he hadn’t spent so much of the class daydreaming. How many sonnets? What exactly was a sonnet anyway? As the boys filed out of the classroom to go to their next class, Lucian felt like his day couldn’t possibly get any worse. Adrian looked about as miserable as he felt. “How are we supposed to write ten sonnets?” Lucian whispered as they walked through the door, hoping that Airlia wouldn’t hear him.
“With paper and pen,” Airlia replied.
“I’d like to know how we’re supposed to present them,” Adrian said when they were farther away from the fairy’s classroom. “When during the meeting will we have time to do that?”
“I guess now that I think about it, the fourth years never do win the scavenger hunt. Part of their list must include stumbling through their poems or maybe they don’t even get to do the scavenger hunt.”
“That would be a bummer. I actually like doing that. So, what do you have after math?” he asked as they walked into the classroom.
“Besides lunch?” Lucian teased.
“Yeah, besides that.”
“Part one of fencing. After that spell breaking and then dragon fighting.”
“Hit Dronecus good and hard for me will you?”
Lucian nodded as Marius began their lesson. Even though he usually kept Draconus’ snide comments to himself, some of the other boys were quick to let Kaelen and Adrian know that the dragon had not forgotten them though they were no longer in the class. Lucian wasn’t quite sure why the boys bothered to do that. It wasn’t like Kaelen or Adrian could do anything about the dragon. Really none of them could do anything about it. Draconus remained undefeated in their classes; though Lucian knew he was getting close to finding the dragon’s weakness. George was getting pretty good too. The two of them often hit the dragon, even if they didn’t get close to the “death strike” Vulcan had taught them in class.
As the boys went to lunch following their math class, they saw Kaelen looking over a piece of paper. “What’s that?” George asked as they sat down at the table with him.
“My new schedule,” he replied.
“New schedule?” Jacobi repeated. “Why do you need a new schedule?”
“I don’t really know, but I’ve got some real delightful ones now,” Kaelen said. He handed Lucian the schedule and then slowly began picking at the food on his tray.
“Wrestling, double botany, double fencing, portrait painting, double spell breaking, and of course all the regular stuff; triple etiquette? What’s that all about?”
“You tell me. I can’t do half that stuff. I mean, wrestling? Who am I going to wrestle? Even Adrian is puny compared to me. No offense.”
“None taken,” Adrian said. “Besides, it seems I’m getting shorter every time I turn around.”
“I’m more confused about the triple etiquette. Last time you only had it twice and I know some of that was to help you with your coordination,” Jacobi said. “Why on earth do you need it three times?”
“Maybe two isn’t enough,” Kaelen retorted. “I guess the double botany isn’t too bad, I’ve been doing double botany, but the time on one of them changed, so I’m guessing that’s different then what I have been doing. And the double spell breaking and double fencing aren’t really different. And then portrait painting? I’ve got to be the worst artist in our class and I can’t even hold a paintbrush right now.”
“I guess you’ll be using jumbo-sized brushes and in your third etiquette class, Gelasia will help you learn how to hold a regular-sized brush,” George said.
“That doesn’t help with the artistic ability. Art in general is hard enough but portraits? That means I have to paint people. People!” Kaelen repeated. “I don’t know what I did to deserve this, but I’m never, ever doing it again.”
“It looks like your next class is the first part of spell breaking, so that shouldn’t be too bad, right?” Lucian said, handing him the schedule.
“I guess not,” Kaelen replied. “Oh well, maybe things will turn out better than I think right now. Who knows? Maybe they’ll hire me to paint the new portraits for the castle.”

While Adrian and Kaelen were in spellbreaking, Lucian was surprised to see George walking to the fencing hall as well. “Are you in fencing right now too?” he asked.
“Yeah, I’ve always had it at this time,” George replied.
As they walked into the room, Raphael turned his attention to them. “Alright, lads, you’ve both improved enough that it’s time you began working with another student at your own level. We’ll flip a coin to see which hand we use first. George, heads or tails?”
“Um, tails?”
Raphael flipped the coin. “Sorry, George, it’s heads. That means that today we’ll start left-handed. Halfway through class we’ll switch and work right-handed. Any questions?” The boys shook their heads. “Very well, get your protective gear and your rapiers and we’ll begin.”
About half an hour before class would end, Raphael had them go ahead and put away their things. “I want to talk with you boys for a while before we get going too far into the semester,” he said. “Each of you has been working with your weaker arm for the better part of a year and a half now. The purpose is to give you a distinct advantage in an actual fight. I will grant you that your weak arm will never be as easy to work with as the one you are used to fighting with; nor will it ever feel as natural. However, having the skill to use either hand gives you an advantage over your adversary. As he becomes tired, you can switch hands and continue fresh. Do you have any questions or concerns for me?”
“No sir,” the boys replied.
“Alright then, I know we’re still a bit early, but why don’t you two run along now? You’ve done a magnificent job. I’ll see you tomorrow,” Raphael said, opening the door to the fencing hall so they could go leave.
The two boys walked down the hall to the dragon fighting classroom. They knew class was still going on inside. “I sure hope Draconus is in a better mood than he was before we left,” George said as they were waiting outside.
“I don’t know that I would count on it,” Lucian replied. “He was like this last winter too. Maybe the cold makes him grumpier than normal.”
“Maybe he doesn’t like his dinner cold.”
“That could be. Although for someone who eats everything raw, he really shouldn’t complain. He doesn’t know how nice a warm meal is.”
“You’ve got it Lucian! I can just see him, wishing there were a way to warm his meal. All he’d have to do is breathe on it. But, he’s jealous because we get something warm for just about every meal and his is always shivering.”
Still laughing Lucian retorted, “Well then he should learn to kill it first. Then at least the shivering would stop.”
The boys’ conversation was cut short as the last class exited the room and they were able to go inside. Draconus was curled in the middle of the pit, his tail flicking back and forth. “Well, well, here a bit early aren’t we?” he hissed as the two headed for seats. “Couldn’t wait to be beaten again, eh?”
The boys ignored him and sat waiting for the rest of the class to arrive. As boys filed in, Draconus continued to dole out snide comments. Lucian and George looked at each other. Obviously, Draconus wasn’t in any better a mood now than he had been at the end of last semester. If anything, he seemed worse. Once the last of the boys entered the room, he began a long lecture on where they were lacking from last semester. “If you boys have any dreams of defeating a dragon on your quest, you’d best shape up,” Draconus snarled. “Some of you wouldn’t last a full minute were one of my brothers to find you. Others of you are becoming lazy. This is not child’s play, princelings. You need to be at the top of your wits, what little you have, every time you come to class. Only two of you seem to have shown any improvement at all. Though perhaps that’s just luck,” he added with a sneer towards Lucian and George. He continued his rant until class was over. His parting shot was, “I want a ten page essay on the skills of dragon fighting due to Vulcan by oh, let’s be generous, Friday afternoon. Until that time, you’ll be sitting in lecture.”
“So, that’s how it feels to get raked over the coals,” George muttered as they left the room.
“I wish we’d had that before fencing,” Lucian added. “What little feel-good we had from that class was totally blown away back there.”
“Don’t fret, boys,” Vulcan’s voice came from behind them, startling them both. “Draconus is always this way with his fourth year students. I don’t think any of you are doing horribly, although a good wake-up call is sometimes just the thing you boys need to get yourselves motivated. He is right in saying that some of you have become very lazy in that class.”
As Vulcan disappeared, George asked, “Was that supposed to make us feel better?”

The following day was the first with some of the major changes made to Kaelen’s schedule, beginning with portrait painting. He went into the art classroom and was completely depressed to find that he was the only student in the room. Stefanos was standing near an easel, holding his paintbrush up as though measuring something in the distance. For a while, he didn’t even notice that Kaelen had entered the room until he cleared his throat. Stefanos started and turned. “Oh, is it class time already?” he asked. “I must have gotten carried away with my work. That happens sometimes.” He smiled and motioned for Kaelen to have a seat before putting his brushes and paints into a small wooden box next to his easel.
Kaelen looked at the painting Stefanos was working on and thought, I sure hope he doesn’t expect me to ever be that good. The painting showed the forest behind the castle as though the painting were actually a window to the outside. Everything looked exactly as it did in real life. Even the tiny flecks of white that were supposed to be softly fluttering snowflakes looked real.
“Well, welcome to portrait painting,” Stefanos continued when Kaelen had sat down. “As you can see, it’s just the two of us. For as much of class as I can, I will not hover over your shoulder. I will need you to read through this book before we can begin on any of your pieces.” He handed Kaelen a delicate-looking book entitled Beginning Portraiture: a Guide to the Human Face. “This is full of excellent tips on how to best capture the look of a person as well as capturing personality,” Stefanos explained. “I want you to try to have this read by the end of the week. Can you manage that?”
“If I don’t shred the pages,” Kaelen replied. “I have difficulty with books. Is there a more, um…”
“Resilient copy?” Stefanos finished for him. Kaelen nodded and he said, “I’m terribly sorry, this is the best copy they have. Just do the best you can with it. If it comes back looking a little shabby, I can fix that. Any other reason you wouldn’t be able to finish?”
“Nothing that comes to mind.”
“Good, read that this week and next week we’ll get our hands dirty. Now, you won’t just be learning to paint in this class. I’ll also be teaching you how to make brushes, mix your own paints and where to find the minerals for certain colors. After all, you never know when inspiration may hit you and you want to always be prepared.
 “To start with we’re going to only do pencil drawings. But while you’re doing those, we’ll also spend some time making the materials necessary to begin your painting. When you do start your first painting, it will be with materials that you have made yourself. It makes the painting mean more to you when you’ve spent the time making everything. Besides that, it makes it more fun too,” Stefanos added. Kaelen was fairly sure that he wouldn’t find any part of this class fun, but kept it to himself.
By the time Kaelen met the other boys for lunch he’d had three of his new classes and all of them were individual classes with no other students. He discovered that his opponent in wrestling would be varied, but would start with Achilles. His third etiquette class was also before lunch. In that class he was being taught how to properly manage and run an estate.
“Gelasia, why do I need this class but none of the other boys do?” Kaelen had asked. “After all, we’re all going to be running kingdoms and stuff, right?”
“Well, of course we expect all our princes to succeed and eventually be ruler of their own kingdom, however this class isn’t about running a kingdom, Kaelen,” Gelasia had replied. “It’s about running an estate.”
At lunch, the boys gathered together, laughing and chatting until it was time to go to class. Adrian said goodbye as he headed to amphibian studies and the rest of them walked outside to the greenhouse for botany. It was bitterly cold outside with fat, wet snowflakes falling from a leaden sky. The greenhouse felt infinitely warmer as they hurried inside. “Well, boys, bit nippy out today isn’t it?” Russett asked as they shivered and crowded together by one of the tables.
“It’s freezing!” Jacobi stammered through chattering teeth.
“Well, give yourselves a few minutes,” Russett said. “The wind is certainly talking out there.”
“Howling is more like it,” George muttered.
Russett laughed and after giving the boys a few minutes to let the warmth of the greenhouse sink in, started class. “We’ll be doing some different things this semester. For one thing, you all need to know how to recognize dangerous plants. We’ll be seeing them at each stage of growth from seed to full maturity. Sometimes a plant is only dangerous during a particular time in their development. For example, darted morning glory is only dangerous in the middle stage of development before the flower fully matures. During that stage, the bud spits poisonous darts which would be a lethal problem if you didn’t recognize the plant for what it was.”
“Russett, wouldn’t it be lethal even if you did recognize it?” Jacobi interrupted.
“If you know what you’re dealing with, then you can be prepared to prevent injury,” Russett explained. “And if you did get hit with the darts, you could easily use an antidote that will cure the injury; if you recognized the plant.
“Other plants,” he continued, “are dangerous from the very start such as water hemlock or spiked hedgerow. Danger comes in many packages in the plant world. Some have poison, others throw spikes or thorns, and some try to wrestle you. If you are not prepared, these will defeat you easily. However, that’s why we’re in this class; to teach you what to look for. We’ll also be learning antidotes to use when dealing with these plants.”
“Wouldn’t it be better to avoid the plants?” George asked.
“It would always be better to avoid them,” Russett replied. “But sometimes you don’t have that option. If your princess is held hostage by a dragon, then he lives in a thicket of thorns. The interesting thing about thickets is that they tend to favor all sorts of dangerous plants, not just thorn bushes. I suppose it’s because misery loves company. So, yes, you could avoid the thicket; but then your princess is left with no one to rescue her. Are there any other questions?”
Kaelen paused for a moment before saying, “You said we’ll be seeing these plants at every stage of development. What does that mean, exactly?”
“That means, Kaelen, that you’ll be planting them and observing them. I have plenty of antidotes available if we should have problems. The key to this class is learning the plant’s full life cycle. That means you need to see it from seed to full maturity. I could have you read it in a book, but life doesn’t come out of a book. Real, hands-on experience is the best teacher. With that in mind, it’s time to start with our first plant; stinging thistle. Please put on a heavy set of gardening gloves and follow me.”
By the end of class, the boys were wishing they’d had some kind of face mask too. The gloves protected their fingers from the spiny seeds, but they weren’t prepared for the seeds to spit spines at them when they attempted to plant them in the soil-filled pots. Russett had given each boy a small tube of ointment. “Those will probably sting for a few days. Just put a little ointment over each one and you’ll be good as new. That’s really the hardest part, getting it planted.”
“You’d think the seeds would want to go in the soil,” Jacobi complained, rubbing some ointment on a spot over his eye where a particularly nasty spine had struck him. The spot was now a bright red blister.
“Maybe they just don’t like being touched,” George said, though he wasn’t much better off than Jacobi.
“I suppose I got off lucky,” Kaelen added. “The spines just got stuck in my fur. Only one actually hit me.”
“I don’t know that I’d say you got lucky, Kaelen. You got hit in the lip.”
“Hey,” George said suddenly, “where’d you get hit, Lucian?”
“In the chest,” Lucian lied. “I guess my seeds didn’t have enough oomph to reach my face.”
“Ouch. Well, at least no one will be able to see it,” Jacobi said.
“Yeah,” Lucian replied.
 The boys separated for their next classes. “You didn’t actually get hit by any of the spines, did you?” George asked as the two walked towards the gazebo for their dragon languages class.
Lucian knew he wouldn’t be able to lie and said, “No I didn’t.”
“Lucky,” George admitted. They stopped chatting as they walked inside and sat down at the desks that had been placed nearest the lake. Every now and again a cold blast of air came through and the boys shivered.
Lorelei was sitting on her rock at the front of the room. If she was feeling at all cold like the boys were, she didn’t let on. Instead she smiled and said in Sea Serpent, “Good afternoon, boys.”
They responded in the same and the lesson got underway. Lucian and George had already decided that if they were going to keep the mermaid happy, then they were going to have to start practicing the dialects on their own as well as in class. At the end of the hour she asked, “Are you doing anything to study outside class?”
“We’re setting up a time we can practice today,” Lucian replied.
“Excellent,” Lorelei said. “Please make sure you both work especially hard on Sea Serpent. Your accent is a little off and sea serpents don’t take kindly to people mispronouncing their language.”
Lucian wanted to say that he felt that dragons in general became offended for the sheer purpose of becoming offended. However, he saw no purpose in being disagreeable to the mermaid either. They had learned over the past four years that mermaids were easily offended too. While Lorelei couldn’t burn them to a crisp, she had her own unique ways of showing displeasure and neither boy wanted to walk back to the castle soaked to the bone; especially since the snow was beginning to pick up outside.

Year 4 Chapter 5
Back to Table of Contents

The next several weeks flew by. Their coursework became more and more challenging and often the boys commiserated about the vast unfairness of it all. One day was particularly bad for Lucian. In healing he accidently caused an explosion by adding one of the ingredients too rapidly. Morghana had quickly put out the flames and Lucian had apologized at least five times, but it didn’t save him from scorched eyebrows and a new assignment. “You will write a three page paper on proper safety while working with highly flammable ingredients,” Morghana had rasped, her dark eyes flashing dangerously.
When he got to language arts, Airlia still wasn’t satisfied with his attempts at rehearsing his sonnets. “Your voice is so,” she paused, looking for the right word, “soporific, Lucian; as though you were merely speaking of the weather. You need to really feel the words as you say them. Show some emotion. Let the love you feel for your princess enrich your tones and soften your edges.”
On and on the day dragged going from bad to worse until Lucian was bottling up so much pent-up frustration that the others were afraid he might explode if they said hello to him. When Draconus began dragon fighting, Lucian was more than ready for his turn to fight the dragon. As though Draconus sensed his eagerness, he seemed to drag out some of the other fights longer than normal, baiting the princes with taunts and his usual snide comments.
“Well, I believe that leaves you, young princeling,” Draconus sneered. “Let’s see if you have improved at all or if you’re as pathetic as your classmates.”
Lucian entered the pit with his armor on and his sword ready. Draconus usually made the first move, leaving the princes constantly on the defensive. This time, though, Lucian was ready for him. He sprang into action, not really taking consideration of where Draconus was or what he was doing. At first the dragon seemed surprised, but soon began to anticipate Lucian’s moves. “You’re angry, princeling. That’s good for me, but dangerous for you,” Draconus warned. “Perhaps you’re feeling sorry for your beastly friend. You should be happy for him. He would never survive a real battle.”
Lucian continued to rage on, the ringing sound of sword against scales seeming to echo in the room. For what seemed hours he tried to reach the soft spot that would bring an end to the battle. Each time he thought he was close, Draconus would move with lightning speed, removing the opportunity almost as soon as it was there.
“And your little green friend would be easy to defeat,” Draconus hissed. “No spine at all.”
Furious already, Lucian charged the dragon; narrowly avoiding being knocked down by a sideswipe of Draconus’ tail. “He’s braver than any boy here and has more spine than you have,” he snarled as he brought his sword crashing against Draconus’ belly. Sparks flew from the impact and Draconus curled around with a blast of fiery breath. Blocking it with his shield, Lucian found the spot he was looking for and thrust his sword between the dragon’s arm and body. Everyone gasped and he hissed in dragon, “You’re dead, Draconus.”
His eyes narrowed to barely slits and smoke rose in tendrils from his nostrils. “You speak well, for a human,” he replied, speaking also in dragon. “But, you got lucky, princeling.”
“That wasn’t luck,” Lucian retorted, his accent clear and pronunciation perfect. “That was vengeance. Leave Kaelen and Adrian out of your commentary. Only a coward preys on the defenseless.”
Hissing angrily, Draconus said, “Watch your tongue, Prince Lucian. It could well be the death of you.” He then rose and turned his attention to the awestruck classroom. “Well, we’ve had one success among dozens of failures. Class is dismissed.” He watched Lucian as he left the room.
“Draconus,” Vulcan asked as the boys were leaving, “did you let him win?”
“When in the last three thousand years have I ever allowed a princeling to win?” Draconus snarled. “No, I did not allow him a victory. He managed to sneak past me.”
“More than that,” Vulcan added, “he put you on the defensive. Few of our students have reached that stage this quickly.”
“I am well aware of that. I’m the one who gets defeated, remember?”
“I realize that, Draconus. I’m just saying that he was very angry.”
“Angry, yet controlled enough to use it to his advantage,” Draconus said with a hint of respect. “Most humans aren’t capable of controlling their emotions at all. He’ll be dangerous if he ever meets with a dragon in the future.”
“You think so?” Vulcan asked.
Draconus didn’t answer right away. “You are keeping me from my dinner and I’m very hungry. All that fighting turns quite an appetite.” He turned and walked through the large gate into the cave-like lair underneath the castle.
Vulcan considered the conversation he’d just had with Draconus as he left the room. He also considered what he had watched during the class period. When Lucian had first begun the fight, it was without any sort of plan or rhythm. He was just hitting in anger and hoping to get lucky. For having no actual plan, he’d done very well. Then something had changed; he had gotten himself into a rhythm and had managed to begin anticipating Draconus’ moves. Scratching his chin thoughtfully, Vulcan left the dragon fighting classroom and headed to Calista’s office. Upon entering, he said, “I need to talk to you about Lucian’s schedule next year.”
“Anything wrong?” Calista asked. “We’re still planning on him having the class.”
“No, nothing’s wrong,” he replied. “But I was wondering if he could be added to the double portion of dragon fighting with George.”
“Really? Why the sudden change?”
Vulcan related what had happened during the class and Draconus’ response. “I think a double portion would be of great benefit to Lucian.”
“That’s highly unusual. You don’t normally have fourth-year boys capable of defeating Draconus,” she commented.
“No, the last time was Prince Martin and that’s been some years ago.”
“Martin,” she repeated. “Adrian’s father. Yes, I recall he did quite well in your class.”
“All that aside,” he said, “I think Draconus is holding back. He is very put out at having been defeated.”
“I’m sure. Let me talk to him. If you indeed feel that it would be best to put Lucian in a double portion, than perhaps it would be best to consult Draconus.” She rose and they walked down to the classroom. As though walking into her own room, she entered the cave. “Draconus, I’d like a word.”
The dragon glared at her. “What are you doing here?”
“As headmistress I can go where I please, Draconus,” Calista replied, not in the least bothered by his tone and temper. “I need to know what happened this afternoon with Lucian.”
 “Why does it matter, Calista? The boy got lucky.”
“From what I understand it was more than merely getting lucky, Draconus,” she said seriously. “It is imperative that I know your opinion on what happened.”
“Well, Calista,” he sneered, “it would appear you’ve already been told about it. I haven’t the time nor the desire to speak about the class. If you’d like to join my supper, or rather join me for supper, you’re welcome to stay.”
Her eyes narrowed. “Draconus, you are on dangerous ground. I will find out what happened, whether from you or other sources is irrelevant. However you are the most qualified to assist me in understanding the strengths and weaknesses my boys have. Since you are too tired to discuss it with me now, I’ll call on you in a couple weeks. I expect a better reception.” Without waiting for Draconus to have a chance to respond, Calista left the cave, followed by Vulcan. “I hate that dragon,” she said as they moved out of the classroom. “I will consider your request. In two weeks I will come again and see what we can learn from him. If he is still being stubborn, I’ll consult with Maeve.”

The next week flew by in a flurry of homework and late-winter snowstorms. Saturday dawned cold with lightly fluttering snow outside. While some of the boys had hoped that snow would cancel the activities, the princesses arrived perfectly on time. Lucian was glad to see Moira and Allegra. He hugged his sister and smiled as Moira said, “So, you defeated the great dragon, I hear. Congratulations.”
“But I didn’t write to you about the dragon,” he said.
“No, you didn’t. But, George and Jacobi both wrote to their princesses about it and you did tell Allegra.” With a teasing tone she chided, “You really shouldn’t be afraid of telling me things like that. I think it’s wonderful that you were the first in your class to defeat a dragon. Not many princes get that distinction.”
 “Well, I’m sorry I didn’t write to you about that. It had been a rather long day anyway,” he said with an apologetic smile.
“I understand,” she replied. “So how are your other classes going?”
Soon their friends joined them and they all went in to have breakfast together. There was much laughter and chatting until Calista rose and began to announce the schedule for the day. “Due to the weather, we have had to alter our usual festivities just a smidge. There will still be a scavenger hunt; however it will only take place in the castle. Following that activity, we will have a soup and salad luncheon here in the dining hall.” She waved her wand and dozens of lavender pieces of paper flew through the air and into the hands of the princes. Lucian looked over the list. “This is the weirdest scavenger hunt list we’ve ever had,” he said.
“None of these are items,” Clarissa added as the others looked at their lists.
“They’re all assignments or places,” George explained. “Look, there’s the sonnet assignment and here’s an art thing. I’m guessing you ladies are responsible for that one. I haven’t had an art class since my second year. And we have to do them in a specific room. No wonder fourth-year students never win the scavenger hunt.”
“Well, this year it’s even more impossible.” Adrian pointed to the other princes. “All of their things are indoors. It’ll be a lot easier for them to find.”
“We may as well do the best we can,” Eleanor said.
“Kaelen, I think you and I are supposed to work as a team for this activity. You received a paper with my name on it,” Leticia pointed out.
“Yeah, I did,” he replied, looking down at his list. “Our list is different from theirs even, so I guess we’ll see how we do.”
“No time like the present.” She accepted Kaelen’s offered arm. “See you back here, everyone.”
Lucian’s heart seemed to be bouncing between his throat and his shoes. The sonnet assignment. He’d been so busy with his other homework that he’d forgotten about that. “Well, erm, where shall we start?” he asked.
“I don’t believe we have a choice, Lucian,” Moira replied, looking at the list again. “The instructions at the top say we have to do each item in the order presented. It looks like first up is sonnets in Airlia’s classroom.”
Gulping, he offered Moira his arm. “Well, I guess that’s where we’ll start.” And finish, he thought miserably as he led Moira up the stairs.
“You seem tense,” she commented as they got to the classroom door.
“I’m just, well, I’m,” he stammered. Moira was still looking at him expectantly and he sighed. “Look, I’m a terrible poet. There’s not a single romantic bone in my whole body. Can we just take the loss on this one?”
“Absolutely not,” she retorted. “I don’t believe one word of that, Lucian. Not one word.” Without waiting for Lucian to do so, she opened the door and marched into the room.
Airlia was waiting inside and said, “Ah yes, I thought you were up first, Lucian. Although, you know a gentleman always opens the door for a lady.”
“That was my fault, Airlia,” Moira said. “I didn’t wait for him to open it.”
“I see. Well, it’s time for your sonnets. Lucian has written a collection of beautiful sonnets for you and has chosen two of them to recite. When he has finished, I need you to fill out this card for me.” She handed Moira a green piece of paper. “After that, you will give me the card and I will give you the collection of sonnets. Hopefully Lucian won’t be embarrassed by that.”
Lucian wasn’t sure that embarrassed was strong enough a word for what he felt right then. He was downright horrified. Moira turned to him and for a long moment he just stood there. “Well?” she asked.
“Your princess is waiting Lucian,” Airlia chided. “Go ahead.”
Taking a shaky breath Lucian began stumbling through his first sonnet. The more he said, the stranger the look on Moira’s face. He couldn’t tell if she was trying not to laugh at him or if she was trying not to cry. If it was the latter, he didn’t think it was because he had written so beautifully that her heart had been touched by his words.
When he finished she asked, “Was that it?”
“Um, yeah, for the first one.”
A knock at the door caused Airlia to get up and leave. “I’ll be only a moment.”
As soon as the fairy was gone and out of earshot, Moira hissed, “The next one better be really good, Lucian. That was pathetic. I can’t help you pass this if you spout off that kind of, of, well, there isn’t even a word for that.”
“I tried to tell you I was no good at this,” he whispered.
Spying Airlia coming back, Moira put on as sweet a smile as she could muster. “Whenever you’re ready for the second one, I would love to hear it.”
Lucian did not miss the sarcasm in Moira’s voice. Feeling hurt, angry and a bitter need to prove himself, he cleared his throat and closed his eyes. The second sonnet was the one Airlia had suggested would be the best to recite. When he reopened them, he looked into Moira’s eyes.
“Softly hedged in by thick golden lashes,
My love’s eyes are a mystery of blue.
Swirled emotions like ribbons and sashes
They dance in and out with varying hue.
At times like the sea on a calm spring day
They are bright and clear, full of light and joy.
Blue forget-me-nots under morning ray
Twinkling and beautiful, yet shy and coy;
Till they change and darken in sorrow’s grasp
And her eyes are deep, an unfathomed sea
Of darkest blue till when her hand I clasp
To ease her sadness and bring peace. I see
In her eyes that she is meant to be mine
And will treasure her ’til the end of time.”
It seemed an eternity that Moira just stared at him. She didn’t say anything and Lucian couldn’t quite tell what was going through her mind. Her expression had changed so drastically from the first sonnet that he wasn’t sure whether this had been a second failure or if maybe he had somehow succeeded. He just stared back into the eyes that had inspired him to write something that his teacher considered somewhat romantic.
“Okay, that’s enough, you two,” Airlia interrupted. They both blushed as she continued, “Moira, write your thoughts down on the card please and then I’ll give you the rest of the sonnets. Lucian, why don’t you wait for her outside?” She shuffled him towards the door. As she was closing it behind her she smiled. “You did very well on the second sonnet, Lucian. Very well indeed.”
Lucian waited outside for Moira for several moments. When she finally left the room she was holding a stack of papers. He recognized his handwriting on them and said, “Seriously, if you just want to throw those out without reading them, I’d feel a lot better.”
“I can’t do that, Lucian,” she replied. “I have to see if any of them are as good as that second sonnet you recited. I knew I shouldn’t believe that. Although, with that first sonnet I started to doubt you.”
“Well, then keep the good one and throw the rest of them out. I can guarantee you that the last sonnet I did in there is the best of the bunch,” Lucian insisted.
“I’d like to find out for myself. Now, where are we supposed to go next?”
Knowing that he’d lost the argument, Lucian sighed and looked at the paper. A checkmark had appeared next to the sonnets. “We’re supposed to go to the gym for dancing.”
The morning progressed through various classrooms as they were put through different tasks. Sometimes Lucian was the one challenged and sometimes it was Moira. By the time they had finished, they knew they were not the first to return to the dining hall. In fact, there was quite a crowd of students already returned from their tasks. Several of their friends were already in the hall sitting at a table together. Lucian and Moira joined them and they soon began talking again. “That was actually quite fun,” Leticia said as they were sitting down.
“It was,” Kaelen admitted.
“I don’t think the first part of ours was fun at all,” Lucian replied. “But I enjoyed some of it.”
“What was your first part?” Clarissa asked. “Ours took quite a while because of dancing.”
“Lucian recited some beautiful poetry to me,” Moira said.
“You and I have a very different idea of beautiful,” he teased with a smile.
“Well, our first part,” Leticia said, “was doing profiles in the art room. How many of you knew that Kaelen was such a good artist?”
Even with the fur, everyone could tell Kaelen was blushing. “I’m really not that good. I was just trying harder, I guess.”
“He’s being modest. His profile was actually very good. I’d say his was better than mine, but I’m also not much of an artist.”
“I’m glad I didn’t have to draw anything,” Lucian replied. “We’d still be in that room.”
The friends laughed and the conversation continued. They were enjoying themselves and hardly realized that the time was quickly escaping. All too soon, Melantha was gathering her princesses.
“I suppose I’ll see you at the end of the year,” Moira said as Lucian helped her with her cloak.
“Yeah, I’ll see you then. I’ve enjoyed your letters, keep writing,” he added.
“I will as long as you promise not to withhold information from me again. I want to know about your successes, even if they don’t seem like a big deal to you,” she teased.
“Fair enough,” he replied with a smile. “You do the same.”
“I already have been.” For a moment they stood in silence, neither wanting to be the first to say goodbye. As others walked around them, she finally said, “Well, goodbye Lucian. I’ll see you in a couple months.”
He smiled. “Goodbye Moira.”

It was not long at all after the princesses had visited, that the weather seemed to catch up to the idea of spring. Flowers blossomed and there was beauty everywhere; everywhere but the greenhouse. One sunny afternoon, the boys were in the greenhouse desperately wishing they could leave. The seeds they had planted had now sprouted and were no better now than they were when the boys had first planted them.
“Ouch!” George cried as one of the thistle plants he was working with shot a sharp spine into his arm.
“Careful now, George,” Russett said, moving over to where George was working. “You don’t want to give those a chance to shoot you. It doesn’t take long for a rash to develop around the hit area.” He gently pulled the spine out with a pair of tweezers before handing George a bottle of cream. “Here, that will ease the stinging.”
“They’d be easier to avoid if I had Lucian’s plant,” he muttered bitterly. “Why doesn’t his plant have any spines on it?”
Russett didn’t have a chance to answer as he was now helping Kaelen pull out several spines. His plant seemed particularly vindictive and had shot a volley of spines. “What was the question, George?” he asked.
“Never mind.”
Russett continued the class as it had begun. After the boys put their plants away and left, he went to Calista’s office. Lucian’s plant didn’t have spines. In fact, none of the plants they had worked with had posed any dangers at all to Lucian. The other boys’ plants were just as they should have been as though pulled from the pages of a textbook. Lucian, however, had thorny plants that didn’t have thorns, spiked plants with no spikes and spitting plants that didn’t spit. How could he teach Lucian the dangers of these plants if his plants were so domestic?
She was walking out as he came up the stairs. “Russett, what can I do for you?” she asked as he came into view.
“I have to talk to you about Lucian’s schedule,” he replied.
“Oh, you as well?” she said. “I was about to go speak to the witches about Lucian. That insufferable dragon still won’t tell me anything. It’s quite frustrating. What seems to be the problem for you?”
“Calista, do you know if Lucian has been given a gift in botany?” he asked, dropping his voice.
“I seem to remember something, but I’m not sure what precisely. Is it causing problems?”
Russett briefly described his concern. “His plants are just so different from the others,” he finished.
“How unusual,” she said. “Well, I have to speak with Maeve and Calypso about Lucian anyway. I’ll let you know when we meet to set the boys’ schedules for next year. I really must go now. I’m sorry to be so short.”
“No one could accuse you of being short, Calista. However, I will let you get to your meetings. If you do discover something highly important, let me know before the meeting please.”
“I will do that Russett.” She continued on her way down the stairs and out the castle doors. She took a deep breath as she walked outside. It had rained the day before and the world smelled fresh and new. She loved springtime; it was as though the whole world awoke and came back to life. The buds on the trees were now tiny leaves that would continue to grow under the sun’s warm rays. She could hear baby birds in their nests calling to their parents. It was a beautiful and wondrous time of year. She took one last breath before knocking on the hovel door.
The door was opened by Maeve. “Why, hello Calista. I was not aware you were coming.”
“I’m sorry to come without announcing myself, I’ve just spoken with two of the teachers and could really use your help,” she explained.
Maeve flushed. “Really? What can I do for you?”
“I have a question regarding Lucian and his quest. We’re trying to get his schedule set for next year and he has proven himself to be very capable in dragon fighting and seems to have an interesting problem in botany.”
“Problem?” Maeve asked. “He should do quite well in botany.”
“Well, that seems to be the problem,” Calista replied. “May I come in?”
Maeve seemed to suddenly realize that they were still standing in the entryway. “Oh, of course! How silly of me. I’m sorry.”
When Calista entered, she saw Calypso and Althea sitting together discussing something. “They look busy,” she said as Maeve led her to where the maps were kept.
“Not really,” Maeve said. “They’re just having their afternoon chat before Calypso goes to Fair Damsels to teach dream interpretation.”
Calypso looked up on seeing Calista and said, “Well, this is a surprise. Is there something wrong, Calista?”
“No, nothing wrong,” she replied. “I just needed some guidance. Draconus is being extremely stubborn, even for a dragon. He refuses to tell me anything about Lucian’s victory a couple weeks ago.”
“Lucian beat Draconus?” Morghana asked, coming into the room. “When?”
“It’s been a couple of weeks now,” Calista said. “I’m afraid I don’t remember exactly which day. But Vulcan is thinking that it would be wise to have Lucian placed in a double class next year to fine tune those skills. I’d like to have talked to Draconus about it, but it seems Lucian has deeply wounded his pride and he refuses to discuss the matter. So, I was hoping that perhaps Maeve could get me some extra information while consulting the stars.”
Maeve smiled and looked at the chart. “It seems that Prince Lucian was having a particularly bad day when he defeated Draconus. I do hope, Sister, that you weren’t too hard on him. You are quite picky,” she directed at Morghana.
“I’m going to be picky on you if you don’t stick to the subject,” she warned.
“Oh, I mustn’t be too far off. Anyhow, Lucian was very upset and I would say allowed his emotion to get the best of him. But he was able to control those emotions to work for him instead of against him. What a unique quality. It will be very useful to him in the future. Looking at his quest, oh my. Well, I’d say double dragon fighting is just what Lucian needs. You may also consider his botany classes. He must continue those. Both of them”
“How can he continue in a class for dangerous plants if the plants show no danger to him?” Calista asked.
“Well, dear, you are only thinking of the one part of the blessing. It is true that Lucian will not have his way barred by thorns or brambles. Plants that pose those dangers to anyone else will be altered by his very presence,” Calypso explained. “However, there is another part to it. Beauty will follow Lucian wherever he goes in the plant life around him. I’m sure that Russett has noticed differences beyond just the lack of dangers in Lucian’s plants. If not, perhaps he should take a closer look at Lucian’s plants.”
“What did Lucian do to warrant such a powerful gift?” Calista asked without thinking.
The witches looked at each other before all turning to Calista. Calypso spoke, though there was a chiding tone to her voice. “Calista, we cannot reveal that to you; gifts are highly personal as are the reasons behind them. As Althea was then the head of our Sisterhood, she had the greatest power of any of us. You must remember that as the head, we have not only our own unique power, but also a smidgeon of the power of our Sisters. By being the one to bestow the gift, Althea could give a gift of great power. However, it is not for us to say why the gift was given.”
Calista blushed. “I’m sorry; I suppose that was prying. Is there anything else that you can tell me?”
“Well, you’ll want to give Lucian classes that will utilize the unique qualities of his gift,” Calypso said. “And I believe Maeve made it clear that a second class in dragon fighting would also be wise. Beyond that I’m afraid we have nothing to add. Now you must excuse me, I’m late.” She opened the door and disappeared.
Calista thanked the others and walked towards the greenhouse. Russett was working with a class of younger students as she walked in. She stood at the back and smiled as she watched the boys work. When the class was dismissed and the last of the boys left, she said, “The plants Lucian has grown, what all have you noticed about them?”
“It would be easier to show you,” he replied. He motioned for her to follow him into the back of the greenhouse. When they arrived, Calista could easily see which plants were Kaelen’s and which were Lucian’s. It was a night and day difference. “As you can see, the plants that Lucian has planted lack spines. It’s almost as though his spines were transferred to Kaelen’s plants. I know that’s not the case, but it does look that way doesn’t it?”
“It does. Lucian’s plants have some flowers on them, don’t they?”
“Yes, as long as they are plants that he himself planted,” he replied. “The plants that the other boys planted don’t flower, but even if he works near them, they don’t do anything to him.”
“Part of Lucian’s gift is centered on beauty,” she said. “We’ll have to plan his schedule accordingly. But he will still need the dangerous plants class too. I think it would be best if you put him in a separate class from his peers.”
“I agree,” he said. “There’s not much I can do for this semester. But next semester we’ll see what we can do.”
That weekend the boys went to the shops. Several of them needed new trousers, especially Lucian. He had tried to make the trousers from home last as long as he could, but they were now far above his ankles. In fact, he’d needed to write to his parents because he needed an entirely new wardrobe. Nothing fit him at all. Not only had he grown several inches in height, but his shoulders had continued to come in, making his jackets and shirts uncomfortably tight. The letter he received back from his parents had money sufficient for two new shirts, two pairs of trousers and a jacket. It had also included the command that he stop growing. Lucian was beginning to hope that he’d stop. He was well over six foot and definitely taller than his princess. Now as they were in a clothing shop, the others were sitting waiting while Lucian was having a final fitting in his new clothes. “That looks pretty good,” the young seamstress said. “How do they feel, Prince Lucian?”
“Perfect. They’re very comfortable.”
“Well then, come over to the counter and we’ll get this paid for and you can head back to school. Should I expect you again soon?” she asked teasingly.
“No, I think you left enough room in these to have the hems redone if needed,” he said. “Thanks,” he added as he handed her the money for the clothes. “Do you mind if I just wear these out?”
“Not at all,” she laughed. “In fact, shall I keep those old things for you to give to the second hand shop down the street?”
“That would be great,” he said. “Let me make sure I didn’t leave anything in my pockets.” He checked over the old clothes and got any last things out of the pockets and checked that he’d really taken off all the medals before handing them back to her. “Thanks again.”
“You’re most welcome,” she replied as she ushered the boys from the shop.

The end of the semester came rapidly. It seemed all too soon that the boys were in finals and getting ready for the end of year meeting with their princesses. Adrian had shrunk again and Gelasia was desperately trying to make shoes for him that would disguise the lack of height as well as look somewhat normal. The biggest problem was that his skin was beginning to become paler and sometimes took on a greenish tinge, making him constantly look ill. The boys spent much of their time outside in hopes that they could tan away the odd color. When that didn’t work, Gelasia taught Adrian how to powder his face with a tinted powder so that he would look normal. The worst change was that anytime Adrian heard buzzing, his tongue would shoot out. “You can’t do that in front of Allegra. She will notice and she will become offended,” Lucian warned the day the princesses were coming.
“I’m not trying to. It’s the bugs. They’re buzzing and I just can’t…” he was interrupted by his tongue shooting out again. “I can’t help it. What am I going to do?”
“Just ignore the buzzing,” George said. “Don’t listen to it. Put all your attention on Allegra.”
“If worse comes to worse,” Jacobi added, “turn around when you hear the buzzing and then it won’t be a problem.”
“It’s not that easy to ignore,” Adrian said. “And I don’t necessarily know when I’m going to stick my tongue out.”
“Well then glue your mouth shut,” Kaelen suggested. The others glared at him and he laughed, “I’m just teasing, guys. Adrian, you’re going to have to concentrate on not doing it. Otherwise, Allegra’s going to notice that there’s something different about you.”
Adrian groaned. “This is going to be a disaster. Even if she doesn’t notice, someone’s bound to.”
Their conversation was interrupted as they saw the carriages from Fair Damsels begin pulling into the drive. Kaelen excused himself to go up to his room. Calista had told him that, as with the winter meeting, he would need to spend this meeting in his room. Since he didn’t actually have a princess of his own, there was no real reason for him to be there anyway. But he did miss the time with his friends and their princesses.
The others waited for their princesses and were soon leading them inside for breakfast. The meal passed with pleasant conversation. Soon, parents were filtering into the building for the meetings with their children and for the graduation ceremony. Adrian was spared having much time to talk to Allegra as the ladies began planning their annual trip to the sea. “It’s become a sort of tradition, hasn’t it?” Lavinia asked with a smile as they chatted about what they could do.
“It has and we enjoy every minute of it,” Alexandra replied. “I’m so glad that our children were paired together. I don’t know that we would have met otherwise. And I enjoy your friendship.”
“I think we’ve all gained from the experience,” Lavinia agreed.
The conversation ended as the meetings with Calista and Melantha began. Lucian and Lysander waited together outside Calista’s office. Lysander was looking at his son. “You weren’t kidding when you said you’d grown a lot. I had hoped it was a bit of an exaggeration.”
“I’m afraid not, Dad,” Lucian replied. His pants were once again too short and he knew that he would soon need new ones.
“Your voice is deeper, you’ve been shaving and you certainly aren’t short anymore,” Lysander said with a smile. “I do believe you’re taller than I am now.”
Lucian laughed and told him about the sudden growth spurts and that he had been teased that if he continued at that rate he’d soon be taller even than Kaelen.
“I assume his parents haven’t changed at all since last time?” Lysander asked.
They stopped as Calista welcomed them into her office. When they had all sat down she began, “Well, King Lysander, I’m sure I don’t have to tell you how pleased we are with how Lucian is progressing. He is one of our top students.”
“Thank you,” Lysander said as Lucian blushed to the roots of his hair.
“Lucian, you’ve been doing an excellent job this semester and throughout this year. Morghana is quite pleased with your progress and asks that you continue your study over the summer. Vulcan was highly impressed by your performance and has recommended that you be in his class twice next year. I have agreed to this as you will see in your schedule. All of the teachers had nothing but positives to say about you. You’re doing remarkably and we are all quite proud of you.”
Lucian wasn’t sure that his face could get any redder, but was sure it must have matched his hair by the time he finally stammered a quiet, “Thanks.”
Calista smiled and continued, “Next year will bring many changes. Some of your more routine classes will be dropped. You are coming quite close to graduating. Only two more years left with us before you begin your quest. During these next two years we will truly emphasize the skills you will need to be successful. Use your summertime to continue honing the skills that you can at home. We of course will continue your instruction when you return. Do either of you have any questions?”
“I don’t believe so,” Lysander said. “Lucian?”
He shook his head. Calista said, “Do have a good summer. King Lysander, I’m sure Lucian has probably already told you, but if you intend on taking Kaelen home with you again this summer, I’m going to have to ask that you stay after all the other parents have left. It’s tragic that it must be this way, but…”
“We have no problem waiting for him to be ready,” Lysander interrupted. “I’m only sorry that he must be put through this.”
Smiling, Calista said, “As always, King Lysander, you are a great man of fine quality and we appreciate your generosity and that of your wife. Extend our thanks to her as well.”
“It would be my pleasure to do so,” he replied as they all stood.
“In that case, I will see you at the beginning of next school year. Have a very pleasant summer."
The two replied in like and then they went downstairs to await the graduation ceremony. They sat together with the other families, sitting close to their friends. As they watched their older peers cross the stage, Lucian couldn’t help but be struck by how soon his own graduation day was coming. “Adrian,” Lucian whispered leaning over, “in two years that will be us!”
“Scary, isn’t it?” Adrian replied.
Eleanor and Leticia watched particularly as Benjamin walked across the stage for the copy of his quest. They listened as Calista commended him on his honor and wished him well. They cheered with everyone else and watched as he came back to sit with them again. As he did, Eleanor had a fleeting feeling that this would be the last time she saw her older brother. She frowned as the thought came and he winked at her. “Don’t worry, sis, I’ll be the best Prince Charming there ever was,” Benjamin whispered as he sat between his sisters. He took each of them by the hand and squeezed them.
“I’m sure you will be,” Eleanor replied with a smile, squeezing his hand back.
“Without a doubt,” Leticia agreed.
When graduation was finished, Lucian watched one by one as each of his friends’ families left. When asked why his family was waiting he would simply look up the stairs and the others understood. George leaned over and whispered, “But Kaelen’s family was among the first to leave.”
“Calista doesn’t want to risk any of the others seeing him,” Lucian replied.
“Oh, I suppose that’s wise. She doesn’t want rumors to reach them. Well, have a good break.”
“You too, George. I’ll see you in August.”

Year 5 Chapter 1
Back to Table of Contents

A few weeks into summer vacation, Adrian’s family joined the others at the beach in Maltisten. Adrian had been desperately trying to keep his family from noticing that he was starting to change. He’d noticed brown flecks in his eyes and hoped that his mother wouldn’t notice. He wasn’t as concerned about Nana, who he was sure already suspected something, or Moira who never really looked at him much anyway. But he knew that his mother would notice a change like that if he wasn’t careful. So he spent mealtimes looking at his plate and desperately trying to ignore the sound of bugs outside. They sounded so…tasty.
On arriving at the seaside castle, they were shown to their rooms and then both families went out to the beach. Kaelen and Lucian went with Adrian to a more secluded part of the beach where he could swim without people noticing how pale he had become. “I hope you brought some of that powder with you that Gelasia made,” Kaelen said as Adrian got in the water.
“Yeah, but it’s not going to cover all of me,” Adrian replied. “I save it for when people are really going to notice that I look different.” He ribbeted and then covered his mouth. “I wish that would stop. It was terrible the other day, Mother kept looking over at me like I was doing it on purpose. I tried to say it was hiccups, but I’m not sure she believed me. I know Nana didn’t. Do you think maybe she knows already?”
“How would Nana know?” Kaelen asked.
“Nana’s great-great grandmother was a fairy. She notices things that the rest of us don’t,” he explained. “It’s not good, especially when I can’t tell my family.”
“Eventually they’re going to find out,” Lucian stated. “What are you supposed to do then?”
“I don’t know. I figure at the rate I’m going, I’ll be lucky if Mother hasn’t figured something out by the time summer’s over. Look at my eyes!”
“They’re green,” Kaelen said.
“Yeah, but they’ve got brown flecks in them now and the green is starting to look yellowish,” Adrian complained. “Mother absolutely loved Dad’s eyes. She’s bound to notice that mine aren’t the same anymore.”
“Well, don’t look her in the eye,” Lucian suggested.
“Yeah, because that’s real easy to do,” Adrian scoffed. “Who does Calista think I’m kidding? I can’t keep this a secret all summer. And I don’t know what I’ll do if Allegra figures anything out.”
“We’ll keep her from noticing,” Lucian said.
“Just don’t look deeply into her eyes anytime soon,” Kaelen teased.
“I wouldn’t anyway.” The others looked at him, clearly disbelieving. “Okay, so maybe I like her, but I’m not going to have a mushy staring contest with her. She’d win too easily. Ribbet! Ugh!” Adrian moaned as his tongue shot out and then back into his mouth. “I think I just ate a bug.”
Lucian and Kaelen started to laugh. “Come on, let’s go for a swim,” Lucian said. “Then you’ll be a little farther away from the bugs.”
The boys put on swim goggles and enjoyed the feel of the cool ocean water against their skin. Kaelen was enjoying the strange, yet pleasant, sensation of the water running through his fur. Like Lucian, he was a fairly strong swimmer and would spend long periods of time under the water. It was almost amusing watching the fish dart away from him. It wasn’t until he realized that the fish were fleeing without seeing him that he started to feel a little nervous. He turned slowly and saw a large shark heading in his direction. Quickly kicking to the surface he called out to Lucian, “Shark!”
He immediately turned, “Where?”
“About twenty yards that way,” Kaelen said pointing.
“Okay, swim with the current towards shore without making too many sudden moves,” Lucian instructed, also beginning to go towards shore. “How fast is it swimming?”
“I don’t know; I wasn’t paying attention! Where’s Adrian?”
“He went to shore a while ago,” Lucian replied, continuing his swim towards shore. “He said his eyes hurt and they were really bugged out, so we thought some time out of the water would do him good.” Lucian saw a fin slice through the water. “Okay, that shark is moving pretty quick. Try not to panic, but keep moving towards shore.”
“Don’t have to tell me twice,” Kaelen muttered. His eyes grew wide when he saw the fin disappear. “Uh, Lucian? Where did it go?”
“Swim faster, Kaelen,” he replied. “You’re almost to shore. Hurry!”
Kaelen turned to see that Adrian and Lucian were both standing on shore. He knew he was close, but this part remained fairly deep almost to the shore itself. He felt something bump against him and jumped sideways, seeing the shark come to his side. He could barely hear Adrian and Lucian calling to him over the thunderous beating of his heart. The only way he was going to avoid becoming a snack was if he took the shark out first. Feeling rash, he dove under the water, ignoring Lucian’s shouts. He saw the shark coming at him and charged it, wrapping his arms around its body. Crushing it against him, he fought to keep it from wriggling free. He was suddenly grateful for the fur. It protected him from the shark’s rough skin. As it thrashed wildly, trying to break free, Kaelen concentrated on not loosening his grip until the shark quit fighting.
“Kaelen! Kaelen, are you alright?” Lucian asked as he saw Kaelen come back to the surface. He had sent Adrian to go get his parents.
“Yeah.” He coughed up water as he emerged and threw the shark on the beach. “Yeah, I’m fine.”
Lucian sighed in relief before spouting, “You idiot! Just because you’re a beast does not mean that you can just take on a shark like that! You should have kept swimming.”
“Hey, I beat it didn’t I?”
“That’s beside the point, Kaelen. You could have been killed. How would I have explained to my mother that you decided to be fish food?”
Kaelen was spared answering as he saw people running towards them. “Oh my goodness, Kaelen, are you alright?” Alexandra asked as she and the others came running up the beach towards him. She wrapped a dry towel around him and started rubbing the water out of his fur. The others crowded around him as well, asking the same question.
“I’m fine, really,” he said, almost embarrassed by the amount of attention he was getting.
“You’re bleeding, son. Let me see that leg,” Lysander demanded.
Kaelen hadn’t even noticed that his leg hurt at all, but now he felt a rush of stinging as saltwater ran into the wound.
Lysander was shaking his head. “I don’t know how you got so lucky, but apparently you don’t taste very good. You’ve got a nasty bite here, but luckily he didn’t take your leg.”
“No, I took him,” Kaelen replied, nodding to the dead shark lying on the beach.
“How did you manage to wrestle that thing?” Nana asked. “It’s as big as you are.”
Alexandra frowned as Lucian and Lysander helped Kaelen get to his feet. They had wrapped one of the towels around the leg to stop the bleeding until they got to the castle. “I’d like to know what the shark was doing in these waters. We never see sharks out here.”
“I don’t know, dear,” Lysander replied. “I suppose there wasn’t enough food in its normal territory. Anyway, I’ll send someone down for that shark. No use wasting a perfectly good fish.”
“I guess I’m a pretty good fisherman,” Kaelen said, trying to lighten the situation as Lucian and Lysander steadied him on their slow walk back to the castle.
Everyone laughed and Lucian teased, “Next time you want to catch a shark, use a fish as bait.” Upon getting inside, Lysander instructed for the cook’s assistant to go and collect the shark from the beach before asking the butler to bring him some hot water and clean rags. “I’ll also need the ointment in the back cupboard of my room.”
“Right away, sire.”
“Alright, sit down, Kaelen,” Lysander commanded. He got Kaelen’s leg propped up and said, “Alexandra, dear, would you get me my shaving kit? I’m going to have to get rid of some of this fur to be able to see how bad this is.”
“Lavinia,” Nana said, “why don’t we take the girls out to the gardens for a while? I’m sure King Lysander has this well under control.”
“An excellent notion.” She and Nana shooed the girls from the room, leaving Kaelen, Adrian, Lucian and Lysander in the room. When Alexandra returned with the shaving kit, she also left, joining the others out in the gardens while the butler walked into the room.
“Here’s the hot water and the rags, sire. I’m afraid you’ve run out of ointment,” the butler said.
“Wait, is it the poultice that Mom uses when we get scraped on the coral?” Lucian asked.
“Yes, it is. We’re going to need that to prevent infection,” Lysander replied.
“I know how to make it,” Lucian said. “Please, if someone can get me the ingredients, I can make some.”
“Are you sure?” Adrian asked.
“Please tell me this isn’t the poultice you blew up,” Kaelen added.
Lucian rolled his eyes. “No, this was one of the basic poultices. I didn’t have any problem with it at all.” He turned back to his dad. “Please, I know I can do this.”
Lysander looked at his son with pride. “Tell the butler what you need.”
Smiling, Lucian ran after the butler and gave him a list of ingredients that he would need before going into the kitchen to ask the cook if he could borrow the stove.
While Lucian was preparing the poultice, Lysander gently shaved around the bite before beginning to wash away the blood. He used a set of tweezers to gently pull out a tooth from Kaelen’s leg. “Well, dinner isn’t the only souvenir you get,” he said. “You’ve got yourself a rather fine shark tooth, once I get the blood off of it.”
“Really?” Kaelen asked. “That’s cool!”
Lysander shook his head. “Only a teenage boy would think getting bit by a shark and having a tooth stuck in his leg was cool.”
“I think it’s cool,” Adrian said defensively, looking over Kaelen’s shoulder at the tooth.
“That just proves my point the more. You’re a teenage boy.”
“Well, I don’t want to get bit by a shark.”
They laughed and Lysander continued working. Some of the cuts were wide enough that Kaelen needed a few stitches. Lysander told Adrian where to find the emergency kit and began stitching up the bigger cuts when Adrian got back. As he was finishing the last one, Lucian came in with a poultice. “Here, it’s ready.”
“Alright, thank you, Lucian,” Lysander said, taking it from him. “When I finish, put the extra in the ointment bottle please.”
“Okay,” he replied.
“This is going to sting a little, Kaelen,” Lysander warned. He gently rubbed the ointment over Kaelen’s leg and Kaelen bit his lip to keep from crying out in pain. When he’d finished, Lysander wrapped clean rags around the wound and said, “There you are. You won’t be able to go in the water until those stitches come out. But, you know Allegra always welcomes company on the beach.”
Adrian went to get the others and everyone came inside. They decided, in light of Kaelen’s injury, to spend the rest of the afternoon inside the parlor. Nana offered to read aloud the latest letter she’d gotten from Uncle Sebastian. “It would seem,” she said before beginning, “that someone hinted rather strongly that he doesn’t write often enough.”
Moira blushed as Nana gave her a significant look.
Nana laughed and read:
Dear Bethany, Lavinia, Adrian and Moira,
I do hope this letter finds all of you in good spirits. I’m having a fabulous time down in southern Sanalbereth. It has been quite an adventure I can assure you. The climate here is so very nice. It’s no wonder Lucian’s grandparents decided to move down here. By the way, should you see him or dear Allegra, please tell them that I say hello. Anyway, I do love this area. It’s quite beautiful and filled with interesting places to go and things to see. I rather think I could build a little cottage here and live out my days quite happily.
“No he couldn’t,” Adrian interrupted. “Uncle Sebastian hates staying in the same place long.”
“Shh,” Moira chided and Nana continued.
This week I will be in Rendorlin. There’s a very quaint little village in the very most southern tip of the province that has a most fascinating summer festival every year. Per your recommendation, I am staying at The Dancing Fairies. The proprietress is a charming woman. But Bethany, you did not tell me all the details of your last stay. As soon as she found out I was related to you she told me all about your kindness and generosity. Really, sister, and you say I keep secrets. She has been most obliging and is quite an interesting person. There’s something familiar about her but I can’t quite place my finger on it. I need you here, Bethany. You and your fairy senses could probably help this old fool figure things out.
Be watching your mail for a package to arrive. I’ve sent gifts for everyone and even a little something for my future niece and nephew. I suppose it may be a little early, but I consider them family already, having spent the trip to Biberseth with them when taking Moira and Adrian back to school. They are really such charming people. I hope to meet their parents soon.
Again, I do hope that you are all well and happy. I expect you’ll be going to the seashore again this year as you have told me about the last couple of years. If you see or do anything interesting, you must be ready to tell me all about it on my next visit. No, I shan’t tell you when I’ll come again. It would take all the fun out of it.
Ever Yours,
Sebastian
“He should sign them ‘Your Mysterious Uncle’,” Adrian joked as Nana folded the letter and put it back in its envelope.
Everyone laughed and they chatted long into the afternoon about Uncle Sebastian and his many adventures until evening fell and Cook announced that supper was ready. They went into the dining hall where steaming bowls of shark fin soup sat waiting along with fresh-baked biscuits, a green salad with shrimp and a bowl of sliced melon. For a long while the only sound in the room was the clanking of silverware as everyone enjoyed their sumptuous meal.
Just before Adrian’s family returned to Lictthane, a package arrived at the castle. Inside were the promised gifts from Uncle Sebastian. Each person was given their package and Kaelen was surprised to see that there was even a small package for him. They all opened them at the same time. Each of the women gasped as they picked up jewelry inlaid with amber and bits of turquoise. Intricately carved leather belts were given to each of the men, though each piece was different. Kaelen was the only one who had not received a belt. In his package he found a little note that read:
If you believe the stories of the ancients, there is a mystic quality to the turquoise stone. Coupled with amber makes it even more powerful and especially lucky. For my beastly friend, a token to carry with you for good fortune and in hopes that it may someday be given to your bride.
Sebastian
Inside a soft, leather pouch was a unique amulet of turquoise and amber embedded in an engraved silver circle and dangling from a silver chain. He wasn’t sure how he could give it to his bride as the chain was very thick and masculine, but perhaps if put on a more delicate chain the amulet could take on a more feminine appearance. Kaelen also didn’t know the stories of the ancients. Perhaps in one of his spell breaking classes he could speak to Calypso about the amulet and see what insight she could offer. School would be starting again in only a week.

Soon they had returned to Charming Academy. As classes started, Lucian found himself wishing that he could go back to summer. His schedule was far busier than ever before with some daunting classes. When he had finally taken a moment that summer to look at his schedule, he had been shocked by what he found.
Class Schedule
Day Time Class Teacher
Monday, Wednesday
8:00-9:30 Fencing Raphael Peregrine
9:30-11:00 Fencing Raphael Peregrine
11:00-12:00 Healing Morghana
12:00-1:00 Lunch
1:00-2:00 Botany Russett Snapdragon
2:00-3:30 Dragon Fighting Vulcan Firebrand
3:30-5:00 Dragon Fighting Vuclan Firebrand
Tuesday, Thursday
8:00-9:30 Botany Russett Snapdragon
9:30-11:00 Horsemanship Phillipa Rosepetal
11:00-12:00 Healing Animals Althea
12:00-1:00 Lunch
1:00-2:30 Seamanship Achilles Stardust
2:30-4:00 Foreign Language Lorelei
4:00-5:00 Language Arts Airlia Willowlimb
Friday
8:00-9:30 Fencing Raphael Peregrine
9:30-11:00 Orientation Honoria Peregrine
11:00-12:00 Spell Breaking Calypso
12:00-1:00 Lunch
1:00-2:00 Hunting Diana Foxglove
2:00-3:00 Etiquette Gelasia Stardust
3:00-4:00 Gardening Lucretia
4:00-5:00 Foreign Language Lorelei

Most of his classes hadn’t really surprised him. He’d known that some of them were continuing from the last year. He hadn’t, however, expected the new classes. Seamanship had seemed odd for a boy who grew up by the ocean, but he soon learned that the class was all about sailing and ships; something that Lucian had little experience with. He wasn’t thrilled about the double dragon fighting. But perhaps the worst of his new classes was gardening. Most of his bad feeling towards the class was because it seemed so odd put in with all of his other classes. The rest was likely due to his temperamental instructor. “I don’t really think this class is going to help me at all,” Lucian complained one evening after a particularly bad lesson with the young witch. “When she’s not mad at me for messing something up, she seems to be flirting with me.”
“Well, mess up less,” George teased. “Then she’ll flirt more.”
“Somehow I think that would make Moira jealous. The last thing I need is to go back to year one when she wouldn’t talk to me.”
“Just don’t start messing up more,” Jacobi warned. “That would probably end badly.”
“Think of it this way; she’s not the youngest anymore,” Adrian said. “So she probably won’t lash out as easily as she would have then.”
Lucian laughed, “I doubt anyone would have had her teaching gardening while she was the youngest. She hated all of us so much she probably wouldn’t have gotten through the first day without turning the student into a slug.”
“At least Russett is more forgiving of mistakes,” Kaelen said. He and Lucian shared one of the botany classes, studying flower arranging.
“That’s true,” Lucian said. The boys continued to chat until they agreed that they’d best get their homework done, much as they’d like to continue putting it off. Lucian said he was going to do his in his room. “I have reading to do and if I’m in the common room, I’ll just end up talking to everyone.”
“Understandable,” George replied. “See you tomorrow.”
The next morning dawned so lovely that Lucian just couldn’t stay inside. After breakfast he and the other boys went outside with their hounds and homework. As the dogs chased after whatever they tossed for them, the boys worked. It was a nice, summery day with a slight breeze rustling the leaves above them. The sunshine was warm, but not overly so; mostly because it was filtered through the maple’s abundant, large leaves. Kaelen, who had less bookwork than the others, soon began playing with Knight. They wrestled together under the shade of the tree until both were exhausted. Knight lay panting while Kaelen sat against the trunk of the tree, scratching behind his ears. As the other boys finished, conversation soon turned to the summer.
“Just how much did you grow, Lucian? Four inches?” Jacobi asked.
Flushing, Lucian replied, “No, only two and a half.”
“Two and a half in just over a month? What were they feeding you?” George teased.
Kaelen stepped in by saying, “It can’t have been the food. I was eating the same stuff and I didn’t grow at all.”
“That’s still crazy,” George said. “I’ve never grown that fast in my life.”
“Trust me, it’s not all it’s cracked up to be,” Lucian groaned. “Between growing pains and never being able to find clothes that fit, I’m not sure it’s worth the trouble.”
“It can’t be that bad,” Jacobi replied.
“Try it sometime,” Lucian retorted. “I just hope that I’m done. When the tailor took my measurements so they could do my new uniforms, I was nearly six five. I don’t think I want to be any taller.” After a brief pause he asked, “Does anyone else want to go for a ride?”
“I’d love to, but I doubt any of the horses would let me,” Kaelen replied. “But if you guys want to go for a ride, go ahead. I’ll stay out here with the dogs. Then you won’t have to worry about taking them with you or taking them to your rooms.”
“I’d like to go too, but I can’t reach the stirrups anymore and there’s just something wrong with getting a boost up at our age,” Adrian admitted with a sheepish grin.
“Are you sure?” Lucian asked. “None of us would mind giving you a boost. Even at seventeen."
“Yeah, I’m sure. You guys go on ahead. I’m sure Kaelen and I will find plenty to occupy ourselves.”
“Alright,” George said. “You guys have fun.” The three boys left Adrian and Kaelen as they walked towards the barn.
“So, did you ask Calypso about the amulet my uncle gave you?” Adrian asked as the others disappeared.
“Yeah, she gave me a book to read,” Kaelen replied with a moan. “Why can’t anyone ever just give us straight answers? Instead they give us clues and books.”
“I guess we’re supposed to try to figure things out on our own. I’d like it if they gave us clear answers, but it doesn’t seem to happen often around here. Is it a short book?”
“Not even close. It’s got to be the longest book I’ve ever seen. I think the title is Gems of Sanalbereth: Their History and Their Uses or something really lame like that. It’s got to be like a thousand pages. All I wanted to know was the story behind turquoise and amber. I didn’t want the world’s anthology of gemstones.”
“Well, maybe you’ll learn something interesting. And, you might be able to just look up the stones you want.”
“I doubt it, but truth be told I haven’t even opened the stupid thing yet,” Kaelen admitted. “I was so disgusted when I saw it that I stuck it in my bag and left it there.”
“I can understand that. Unfortunately, you won’t be able to find any answers unless you crack the book. Figuratively speaking,” Adrian teased.
Kaelen growled, “I’d rather crack it literally, but Calypso blessed it so that I can’t shred it like I did the last book she gave me.”
“Smart,” Adrian said. “Well, you’d best get started.”
With a grimace, Kaelen opened the book and began trying to read. The book had to be the oldest he’d ever encountered. It was hand-written with fancy lettering that Stefanos called illumination.
The gems of Sanalbereth have been a source of mystery and wonder for centuries. The use of gems began in the time before records as fairies tried to discover their purpose…
“Oh boy,” Kaelen grumbled. “This is going to be worse than I thought.” He forced himself to continue reading, though the writing didn’t get any better. If anything it became even more dry and boring. He flipped to the back of the book, hoping to find an index. But there was none to be found. There weren’t even chapter headings for him to look through. Kaelen realized with a sigh that he would have to read the whole book, page by page, in order to find what he was looking for. “I hate her,” he mumbled as he turned to page two.

The morning of the fall meeting, Adrian carefully dressed for the day. It was difficult to do with his hands bandaged up to hide that his fingers were beginning to web. The evening before he had gone to Tallia in hopes that she could help him hide the more obvious aspects of his transformation. Now he had ridiculous glasses to hide his eyes, make-up to make his skin normal, bandaged hands and a numbing solution to keep his tongue from shooting out of his mouth. After a half-hour of fumbling with buttons, he was finally dressed and had his make-up on. The last thing he needed to do was add the numbing solution to his tongue. Carefully following Tallia’s instructions, he spread it toward the back of his mouth. There was a slight tingling sensation as he worked and when he’d finished he looked in the mirror and feeling rather sheepish said, “Tongue be numb.” Instantly, he felt as though his mouth were on fire. His tongue turned a vibrant shade of red-orange and started to swell. “Aaaaargh!” Adrian yelled as he jumped up and down. He pulled open his door and went barreling down the stairs to the infirmary. “Ta-ya, Ta-ya! Ma ton, ma ton!” he shouted as he barged into the room.
“Adrian, what on…good heavens!” Tallia exclaimed as she saw Adrian’s face. “What happened?”
“Ah dun o,” The pain was worsening and his tongue was still swelling.
Tallia was digging through a medicine cabinet. “Oh I know there’s some in here. Ah, here we are!” She grabbed a vial of violet liquid and poured it down his throat. The swelling immediately began to go down. “Are you feeling better?”
Adrian nodded. “Wath it thuppothet to boo that?” he lisped around his numb and still slightly swollen tongue.
“I’ve never seen anyone react like that before,” Tallia said shaking her head. “Are you sure you did exactly as I told you?”
“Yeah.”
“Well, that’s the worst allergic reaction I’ve ever seen. I’m so sorry, Adrian. I never would have given that to you if I had known.”
“It’th okay. How bad do I look?”
She hesitated, “Oh, not too bad.”
Adrian looked in a mirror. “Tallia, my fathe ith pink and my tongue ith orange!”
“I’m really very, very sorry,” she said. “There’s nothing I can do about that.”
“Perfec’,” he mumbled. “Ath if I didn’ already look terrible.”
 “It’ll be fine. I’m sure your princess will be more than understanding.”
Adrian sighed and then walked towards the entryway where the others were waiting for him.
“Wow, Adrian, what happened to you?” Jacobi asked.
“I don’ want to talk about it,” Adrian muttered. The princesses started filtering in and Adrian grabbed Lucian by the arms. “You’re tall; hide me,” Adrian begged, pulling Lucian in front of him.
“Nice try,” Lucian said, rolling his eyes and trying to move away.
“Come on, you’re the talletht boy in our clath,” Adrian said pulling him back.
“It wouldn’t matter how tall I was. Allegra would still be able to find you.”
“Thome friend you are,” Adrian mumbled just before watching Allegra give Lucian a hug.
“I hope you start writing again soon, Lucian. I’ve very much missed your letters,” she chided.
“I’ve been busy,” he laughed. “But I’ll try to write more often.”
“Moira hasn’t missed any letters,” She then turned to Adrian. “Oh, Adrian! What happened? You aren’t in trouble are you?”
“Not exthactly,” he said. “I had an allergic reacthion to a medicathion.”
“Oh you poor thing!” She patted his arm. “I’m so sorry. Is there anything I can do to make you feel better?”
“Pretend you can’t thee me?” he suggested with a mild grin.
She laughed, “Oh Adrian, I still think you’re the handsomest guy here. Except maybe for Lucian; he is my brother after all.”
If he wasn’t pink before, Adrian was then. “Well, thankth Allegra. Thall we go to breakfatht?”
“I’d be delighted,” Allegra replied, taking his arm. “Did the reaction affect your hands too?” she asked.
“Thort of,” Adrian said. “It’th a lon’ thtory.”
Moira caught sight of Adrian as she walked to Lucian. “What’s wrong with Adrian?”
“Allergic reaction,” he replied. “I’m sure he’ll be himself soon.”
“Are you sure that’s all?” she persisted. “He seems different.”
“I’m sure it’s just the reaction.”
“You’re not keeping secrets from me are you?”
Afraid she would catch him in not telling her the whole truth, he asked as teasingly as he could, “Me? Would I keep secrets from you, Moira?”
“You would if you thought that was the best thing for me. Seriously, Lucian; is Adrian alright?”
“Moira, he’ll be fine. It’s just a reaction. Tallia’s doing what she can to make it go away. Now, shall we go to breakfast?” he asked, offering her his arm.
“I see the topic is closed. But yes, I will join you for breakfast.” She walked with him into the dining hall and joined with their friends. As the meal progressed, she found herself watching Adrian closely, as though to find something more than just a reaction at work. She was sure that both Adrian and Lucian were keeping something from her, but she couldn’t figure out what it was.
Her thoughts were interrupted by Melantha announcing, “I’m afraid the weather won’t permit our usual festivities. However, I’m sure you’ll enjoy the alternate activity just as well.”
After everyone had finished eating, the group of friends went to the gym. When they arrived in the gym, they found that an elaborate obstacle course had been set up. “Well, this looks interesting,” Kaelen said as they entered. There were ropes hanging from the ceiling, large wooden platforms raised high above the ground, narrow balancing beams, and strange pits that none of the boys could remember having ever been in the gym before. “How do they plan on fixing all this?”
“Fairy magic?” Clarissa suggested.
Achilles walked in front of everyone and began instructing them on what they would be doing. “The first activity today is an obstacle course. Normally I would set this up outside, but with it raining we don’t want to get the ladies sick.”
“Never mind the rest of us,” Jacobi whispered with a grin.
Achilles continued, “At each platform there is a fairy to ask either the prince or the princess a question. If you answer correctly, you will be allowed to proceed to the next platform. If you answer incorrectly, you will have to return to the previous point and your way back will be even more challenging. Any questions?”
“I’d ask do we have to, but I don’t think I’d like the response,” Kaelen told the others. He had been paired with Leticia again. It made sense since they were the only two without their own partner, but it was frustrating since he didn’t really know anything about her.
“We’ll muddle through somehow,” she replied with a smile.
Before anyone else could speak, the light in the room dimmed dramatically and there was a sudden sound of growth and movement. Soon the only bright places were the entrances to the course. Above each entrance was a number. “I can only assume that the number is what year we are,” Lucian observed. “May as well get started.” He offered Moira his arm and together they walked under the entrance. Shadows danced about the course from flickering torches. The once lifeless gym seemed to be crawling with vines, plants and the sounds of scampering animals.
“I have to say,” Moira whispered, holding more tightly to Lucian’s arm, “they certainly make you feel like you’ve been transported elsewhere. This is creepy.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll keep you safe,” he promised.
“You better,” she teased. “I think allowing your princess to get into danger is frowned upon.”
Lucian led her by the hand over a vine-encrusted beam. “Careful that you don’t slip.”
They reached a break and found themselves facing Vulcan. “Lucian and Moira, you’re the first to reach me. My question is for Lucian. Are you ready?”
Lucian nodded, but didn’t speak. He was beginning to feel nervous.
“Where is your princess from?” Vulcan asked.
 “Lictthane.”
Vulcan stood aside and they realized he had been standing before a narrow passageway leading deeper into the jungle-like maze. “Proceed.”
“Is that it?”
“We don’t start you on the hard questions, Lucian. But if you wish something more challenging, I’m sure I could oblige.”
“No, that’s alright,” he replied. He walked slightly ahead of Moira, keeping hold of her hand in his as they went under a canopy of vines. The air became damp and close as they continued on through the course. The torches seemed to be placed farther and farther apart, leaving large areas of darkness.
“I always wanted to go with Uncle Sebastian on one of his adventures,” she whimpered. “It used to make me so angry that he’d never let me go. Now I’m glad he never took me.”
Lucian turned to look at his princess. Moira’s face was pale and her eyes shone with unshed tears as they darted around her. “Here, we’ll stop a moment. It’ll be okay,” he said. He led her to a large stone that she could sit on. “I’m sure you’ll feel better if you just rest a moment.”
“I feel fine,” she said stubbornly. “I’m just…”
“Scared?” he finished for her. She didn’t answer but he could tell he was right. “There’s nothing wrong with being afraid.”
A wild scream caused Moira to leap out of her spot and into Lucian’s arms. “What was that?” she asked, quivering as she clung to him.
“I don’t know,” he replied. “The fairies would never put you into any real danger.”
“Are you sure?”
“I’m positive. Come on, I think I see another platform that way. We’ll answer our next question and be that much closer to leaving.”
“Okay,” she whimpered. She stayed close to Lucian, clinging to his arm as they walked. Lucian stopped suddenly and she asked, “What is it?”
He pointed. Ahead of them was what appeared to be a stream; only it wasn’t clean and clear like ones Lucian was used to. This one was covered in slime and he couldn’t tell looking how deep it was. He let go of Moira’s hand. “Stay here a moment.” She nodded and he looked around for a moment to see if he could find some way of crossing without getting into the water. There didn’t appear to be any sort of bridge. There also weren’t any vines hanging across. He took a tentative step into the murky water. It wasn’t so deep after all. He took another step and found that it was the same as the step before. If he carried Moira, than he’d be the only one to get dirty.
“Maybe we missed a turn,” she suggested.
“I don’t think so. I think we have to cross, but I’m going to have to carry you,” he said.
“You most certainly will not. I am perfectly capable of walking on my own thank you very much.”
“It’s filthy in there. Do you really want to ruin that dress?”
“No, but I don’t want you carrying me either.”
“Well, we only have three choices: I carry you, you stay here, or you ruin the dress. If you stay here, we never get out. If you ruin your dress, than you’ll be mad at me and the fairies would have a field day over it. I don’t even want to imagine what they’d let the witches do to me,” he pointed out. “But if I carry you over, we get out of here, you don’t get dirty and the fairies don’t have me turned into a bug. It’s not that far. It’ll be so quick you’ll barely notice.”
Moira looked thoughtful for a moment. “Fine, if you must; but you better be quick about it.”
“We’ll be at the other side in no time at all,” he promised. He scooped Moira up into his arms. It wasn’t quite as easy as he had imagined it to be. Trying to get into a good position was awkward. It didn’t help that he needed to put her down a couple of times to make sure he had her skirt about her in such a way that it wouldn’t drag along in the muck.
“Just how soon will we be across this?” she asked as Lucian took a step in.
“Before you know it,” he replied with as much of a grin as he could manage. He could feel the swampy ooze filtering into his shoes as he walked farther into the mess. To his chagrin, the platform seemed to be getting farther away rather than getting closer. It was several minutes before they were even halfway across the slime. He was surprised that they hadn’t seen other people about.
“I thought you said this would take no time at all,” she groaned after another few minutes.
Lucian grit his teeth. “It’s not as quick as I thought.” The water had slowly risen from his ankles to halfway to his knees. Trying not to let Moira see him panic he asked, “About how much further do you think we have?”
She looked ahead. She could see the platform and a pale aqua fairy standing on it. “Maybe a couple hundred feet?”
“Good. I’m starting to get tired.”
“I could walk on my own.”
“No.” He was fairly sure something had slithered past him, but he wasn’t about to say that to his nervous princess. “I’m fine and I really don’t want you to ruin that dress. It’s my favorite color.”
“If you insist.” As they got closer and closer to the platform, they could see the fairy watching for them. “What would you bet that she’s going to tell us that there was a bridge?” she asked in a whisper as they got to the platform.
“Knowing my luck I just missed seeing it.”
“Actually, Prince Lucian, you didn’t miss anything,” the fairy said with a smile. “You were meant to wallow through. However, I must congratulate you on not dirtying Moira’s gown. You would have lost points had she gotten dirty.”
“Wait, we’re getting points for this?” Moira asked.
“Yes, didn’t they tell you?” When neither responded she shrugged, “This question is for Moira. What is your prince’s favorite color.”
Moira blanched. “I, um, I…” She looked over at Lucian who was trying to point at her skirt without being too obvious. She looked down at herself. “Yellow?”
“Very good,” the fairy said with a smile. “You may proceed. But before you go, I’ll clean up those trousers for you.” She waved her wand and instantly Lucian’s pants were as clean as they had been before entering the maze.
“Thanks.” He led Moira on to the next part of the maze.
They continued through the dense jungle-like maze, deeper and deeper as they stopped at platforms answering question after question until they reached a platform with both Calista and Melantha standing. “You’ve made it through. Now the final test.”
Moira and Lucian glanced at each other nervously. “Alright.”
“Lucian, if you could describe your princess with only one sentence and without commenting on her beauty, how would you describe Moira?” Calista asked.
“Can I have a moment?” he asked.
“Take as long as you need,” she replied.
Lucian thought for a while. There were many ways he could describe Moira, but which would he choose if he had only one sentence to do it in? “Moira is,” he began and then paused. He glanced at Moira. An encouraging smile brightened on her face. “Moira is a talented and loving young woman who inspires me to be my best.”
“Well spoken,” Calista stated with a smile.
Melantha nodded. “Moira, given one sentence, how would you describe Lucian?”
“Lucian is the very embodiment of Prince Charming in manner, action and word,” she replied, barely pausing to think it over.
“You have both done well. You may now exit the course and retire to the dining hall where luncheon is waiting for you. Here is your final score,” Melantha said, handing Moira a small slip of blue paper.
The two walked out of the maze and headed hand-in-hand towards the dining hall. Moira looked at the slip. “According to this, there were ten platforms and each platform was worth ten points. Then going through the course had another ten points for each part, so all totaled there were two hundred points available. Of those we got one hundred eighty-seven.”
 “Not bad,” he said as they entered the dining hall. They saw several of the younger students and a few of their own age group. Allegra and Adrian were sitting together at a table by themselves. “I guess we should go join them.”
They walked to the table where Allegra and Adrian were sitting. Allegra was surprisingly quiet and Adrian was scowling over something. “Is everything alright?” Lucian asked.
“Everything is just fine,” Allegra snapped.
Moira and Lucian looked at each other a moment. He shrugged and they each decided to leave the matter be. “Well, has anyone else emerged?”
“You two are the only ones we know of,” Allegra said. Her voice was still edgy, but at least she wasn’t snapping.
“I guess we’ll just have to wait for everyone else to show up.” Moira was looking at Adrian as though by staring she might get him to talk to her. Instead he turned further away from them.
There was an uncomfortable silence until Leticia and Kaelen showed up, followed soon after by Jacobi and Clarissa. “I think I saw George nearing the exit, but I’m not sure,” Jacobi said as they sat down.
“You did,” Eleanor replied as she and George had a seat. “That was quite the challenge; especially that last question. They certainly made you think didn’t they?”
Adrian scowled even deeper as Allegra retorted, “Well it made some of us think.”
“Oh dear, I seem to have hit a nerve. I’m sorry. Well, how did everyone like the effects of the jungle? That was so real-looking. I very much believed we had somehow wandered out of the school and to an entirely different realm. The snake pit was terrifying.”
“Snake pit?” Leticia asked. “I don’t remember there being a snake pit. There were some very realistic alligators; though I’m sure they were fake.”
“Oh they were real alright,” Kaelen replied ruefully. “If I ever figure out who the wise-guy was who thought of that I’ll strangle him.”
Jacobi laughed. “Somehow I don’t think that would look very good on your report card if you strangle the head of the school. But honestly, I don’t remember having snakes or alligators. Do you, Clarissa?”
“No, I’m sure I would have noticed something like that.”
George looked thoughtful for a moment. He then looked at Lucian. “Did you have snakes or alligators?”
“No,” Lucian replied. “None that I saw anyway.”
“Maybe you’re just going blind,” Kaelen teased.
There was laughter around the table. Even Allegra cracked a smile. Adrian continued to ignore everyone which made the conversation awkward. They were all relieved when Calista stood to announce the day’s winners. “We’ve chosen a winning couple for each age group. The points were based on correctly answering the questions and how well you made it through the maze. If you had to stop or got lost, you lost points. If you hear your names, come see Melantha and me after luncheon and you’ll receive your prize basket. Our first year winners were…”
As she continued to talk Jacobi asked in a whisper, “Alright, how did the rest of you do? We got one sixty-seven.”
“Not surprisingly, Leticia and I only managed one hundred forty-three,” Kaelen replied. “I know we lost points on some of the questions and had to start over.”
“Well, we were at a slight disadvantage.”
“We got one eighty-seven,” Moira said. “Eleanor, how did you and George do?”
Eleanor was spared answering as everyone’s attention returned to Calista who announced, “Our fifth year winners are George and Eleanor with a perfect score. They were the only couple to gain all the points available in any age group.”
 “Wow, that’s really impressive,” Clarissa said.
It was difficult to say who flushed more. “We just worked well together, I suppose,” Eleanor said.
The conversation continued between most of the friends. Adrian was still ignoring the group which was frustrating the others. When Calista announced that it was time for the princesses to go, Allegra hugged Lucian and without a word to Adrian followed the rest of the girls out to the carriages. Lucian returned to the dining hall where Adrian was still sulking. “Alright, what is eating you?”
“I don’t want to talk about it.”
“Well, like it or not you’re going to have to say something. You’ve been antisocial since the end of the course. Now come on, what’s going on? Did you and Allegra get into an argument?”
“How are you supposed to describe your princess without talking about how beautiful she is, huh?” he asked. Before Lucian could reply the rant continued, “I mean, really? Yeah, Allegra is talented and she’s fun to be around and she’s got a great personality, but she is truly beautiful inside and out. And so when I had to think about it and I tried saying that she was beautiful in mind, Calista said that I couldn’t use the word beautiful. I couldn’t think of anything else, so we had to go back to the part before and work our way back. And there were creepy-crawly things all over the place. Allegra was whimpering that she was scared and I was trying to be encouraging and then that stupid potion wore off. At least, it wore off to the point that I started shooting at flies again and they were everywhere. Allegra asks what’s wrong with me and then gets mad when I tell her that it’s just the reaction because she doesn’t believe me. So I told her she just didn’t know what she was talking about and to mind her own business.”
“What?”
“I know, I know, it was stupid, but what was I supposed to tell her? ‘I’m sorry Allegra; I’m turning into a frog. Yes I know you hate them but you’ll have to kiss me anyway.’ Who’s bright idea was this? I hate being a Prince Charming.”
“Really?” Lucian asked.
Adrian sighed, “No. I’m just so tired of lying to her. I’m tired of lying to Moira. I’m tired of lying to my mother and to Nana and Uncle Sebastian. I’m just so tired of lying in general. Why can’t I just tell them all the truth? Wouldn’t that make it easier? I mean, Allegra could prepare herself, right?”
“I don’t understand why it has to be this way either. But we have to believe that the fairies know what they’re talking about. I’m sure everything will be just fine.”
“Yeah, well, I really flubbed it this time. I don’t know that Allegra will talk to me again for a while. By the time she does, it might be too late,” Adrian admitted.
“I’m sure she’ll forgive you soon enough. She loves you,” Lucian said.
“Whatever.” He walked away towards his room before Lucian could say anything else. No one really understood what he was going through. No one.

Year 5 Chapter 2
Back to Table of Contents

The world was progressing rapidly from fall to winter. A mere two weeks after seeing the princesses, a snowstorm hit. Boys scrambled to the classes in the outer buildings. As Lucian and Kaelen sat in their botany class arranging flowers, Lucian teased, “I’m jealous of you, all that fur.”
“Be careful what you wish for. I’m sure the witches could give you a thick coat too,” Kaelen retorted.
Lucian laughed, “That’s alright; I think I’ll pass. I like myself just the way I am.”
“Yeah, I did too,” Kaelen said; a tinge of regret in his voice.
For a while they didn’t speak. “Ugh, this is terrible,” Lucian complained
“It’s not nearly as bad as the first one I did,” Kaelen assured him. “Maybe try adding a little more greenery there. See? Looks better already.”
“You have a great eye for this.”
“I don’t know. I just like doing arrangements and stuff. It helps me think, like an escape. At any rate it’s better than portraiture.”
Lucian laughed, “How’s that class going for you?”
“Terribly. Can you believe Stefanos is making me do a portrait while wearing a blindfold?” Kaelen muttered. “Even he couldn’t create great art without looking at it.”
“Why is he having you blindfolded?” Lucian asked.
“Some fiddle-faddle about painting from the heart the face of my true love,” Kaelen replied.
“Wow, that seems really hard. Do you get to look at it after class ends?”
“No, and that’s the other weird part. As soon as it’s time to clean up for the day, Stefanos covers up the painting before he allows me to take off the blindfold,” Kaelen explained. “And I can’t even sneak a peek while I’m working because he’s got this blindfold magically fused to my face or something. I don’t even know what colors I’m using. For all I know I could be painting a green-skinned, demon-eyed monster.”
They were interrupted by Russett coming to check on them. “How’s it coming boys? Lucian, you’ve got a bit much on that side, why don’t you take off a bloom? It’ll make it a little more balanced. That’s it. Very nicely done, Kaelen. I think this may be one of your best arrangements. Well, I think it’s time for you to dash to the castle before you get much colder.”
“I don’t know,” Lucian said with a smile, “I’d rather stay here than go to dragon fighting.”
“Just smack him upside the head a few times,” he teased.
 They laughed and said, “Bye Russett,” The boys left the greenhouse and sprinted through the snow to the castle.
As Lucian went to the arena for his first session of dragon fighting, Kaelen wandered down the hallway to the witches’ classroom for spell breaking with Adrian. Calypso was sitting at her desk writing when he walked in. “Prince Kaelen, you’re a tad early. Did Russett let you out sooner than normal?”
“I don’t think so. It’s just really cold so I ran all the way,” Kaelen replied.
“I see. Well, how is your reading coming along? Have you found any answers about the gems you asked about?”
He grimaced. “I’m only about a third of the way through the book. I’ve found a little bit about amber, but it didn’t mention turquoise there at all. So I’m still reading.”
“Well, perhaps since you are early,” she began, “we can discuss what you’ve learned so far and perhaps I can help you gain some new insight.”
“Okay. Um, I read that amber promotes warmth and is thought to give strength to the wearer like the strength of trees. But I didn’t quite get that.”
“It’s really very simple, Kaelen. Amber is from ancient tree sap; the blood of the tree if you will. It is blood that gives life, strength and warmth. There are those who believe amber to be a gift from nature, the sacrifice of one living entity to strengthen another.”
“I don’t remember reading about that,” he admitted.
As Adrian walked into the room, Calypso said, “I believe that comes later in the book.” Turning her attention to Adrian she chided, “You’re late.”
“I’m sorry,” he replied, “I was held after swimming for a while because my eyes went all blurry. Achilles wanted Tallia to look me over before I went to any other classes.”
“Are you feeling better?”
“Yes ma’am,”
“Then let’s begin.” Calypso turned to the chalkboard and began writing notes on it while beginning her lecture. The two boys got out paper and pens before feverishly taking notes.

One Saturday late in the semester, the boys decided to make a trip to town to get a few necessities. Adrian had so much make-up on that he felt sure people would notice. He was wearing mittens to cover his hands and to keep him warm. As they rode in the carriage towards town, he felt himself drifting to sleep. The others would poke him and at one point Kaelen stomped rather viciously on his foot. “Ouch!” Adrian yelped, jumping from the seat.
“Stay awake, Adrian,” Kaelen warned. “We don’t want you going into hibernation.”
“Sorry guys,” he yawned. “I’m just so tired.”
Lucian took off his coat and wrapped it around Adrian. When they arrived and the boys split up to do their own shopping. Adrian soon realized that Lucian was heading the same direction. “Let me guess, Moira’s accessories are too limited,” he teased, yawning.
“I just figured since I’m in town anyway I’d get a little something for her.”
“That was my thought. Well, actually, for your sister, not Moira. The hard part though is I have no idea what to get her.”
Laughing, Lucian said, “Well, if you help me out I’ll return the favor.”
“Deal,” Adrian yawned. “Please tell me we’re almost there. That dirt looks so inviting and I’m so very tired.”
“Just hang in there,” Lucian encouraged. “We’ve got just two more buildings to go. Why do you want to go to the dirt anyway?”
“Oh, I don’t know,” Adrian replied. “I might dig a little bed out of it to sleep in. Or maybe I’ll just lie down on it. I’m too tired to dig right now.”
They walked inside a shop with large windows and a sign hanging outside that read Fernando’s Fine Jewelry in fancy script. “Good morning young sirs,” a frail-looking old man said in a heavy accent they weren’t able to identify, “and what can I do for you?” The man was small, with silver hair and a well-groomed goatee.
“We’re just looking for gifts for our princesses,” Lucian replied.
“Well, you’ve come to the right place,” Fernando said with a smile. “What did you have in mind?”
“That’s part of the problem,” Lucian admitted.
Fernando laughed. “I see, well come this way my young friends and I’ll show you what I have. Now, describe your princess to me. We’ll start with the short one.”
Flushing, Adrian concentrated on not ribbeting, “Well, Allegra is a beautiful girl. She’s got wavy auburn hair and warm, brown eyes. She’s always smiling and there’s a light in her smile that makes every problem seem easy to overcome. She’s the world to me.”
Fernando said something in a language neither understood before continuing, “I’m sure I’ve got just the thing for her. Step this way.” He took them over to a case of stunning necklaces. “For a ray of sunshine, I give gold to add sparkle and glow to her light. For love and fire, ruby. Finally, diamond to make it last forever. This necklace was designed by fairy craftsmen years and years ago. It is a mortal’s reproduction, but no doubt you see how beautiful it is. Imagine this around the neck of your beloved.”
Adrian looked over the necklace that was being held before him. A heart-shaped pendant of gold with inlaid ruby and diamond chips amidst delicate scrollwork hung from a delicate gold chain. He noticed small hinges to the side. “Is this a locket?”
“Very perceptive of you,” Fernando said. “It is indeed a locket. Inside, your princess can stow a portrait of you, to always be carried above her heart.”
“What do you think, Lucian?” Adrian asked.
“I think it’s lovely, just then sort of thing Allegra would love,” he replied.
Nodding, Adrian said, “That’s what I was thinking. I’ll take it.”
“An excellent choice sir,” Fernando said, placing the necklace inside a box. “And now for your very tall friend; what of your princess?”
Describing Moira in detail, Lucian painted a portrait in words of his princess. When he finished, Fernando led them to a different case. “I believe that your princess would do best with rose gold, giving the necklace fire and a brilliant glow. For beauty and serenity, sapphires. And always there are diamonds. They represent the everlasting nature of love,” he explained as he pulled a necklace out of the case. “This is also fairy design. Look at how delicate the workmanship is. Can you see your true love wearing this when you rescue her?”
It was exactly what Lucian would have imagined. Tiny chips of diamond and sapphire swirled around the star-shaped pendant. “It’s perfect. Don’t you think so, Adrian?”
“She’ll love it,” he agreed.
“Then we will wrap these and take care of payment over here,” Fernando said with a smile. He led them over to a desk where he carefully wrapped each boxed necklace in paper and tied a small ribbon around them. The boys paid for their purchases and then walked back out into the cold. They met the other boys at the clothing shop and soon headed back to the carriage. For much of the ride they were poking and prodding at Adrian to keep him awake. The temperature was falling and by the time they reached the castle, everyone had given Adrian their coats and he was still drifting in and out of sleep. They half-carried him into the castle. Calista was in the hallway when they arrived. “What happened?”
“Nothing happened, it’s just really cold outside,” Jacobi said.
 “Of course, he’s becoming more like an amphibian. He can’t maintain his own body temperature. Bring him to the infirmary. I’m sure Tallia can get him warmed up sufficiently.”
Carrying Adrian between the two of them, Lucian and Kaelen made their way to the infirmary. George and Jacobi followed along. When they walked in, Tallia had a tub steaming in the middle of the floor. “Take the extra layers off of him and then set him in the tub. Lucian, can you bring a fresh set of clothing for Adrian to wear please?”
“Sure,” he said as he walked back out. He quickly went up to Adrian’s room and found his clothes. When he’d collected everything, he went downstairs to the infirmary where everyone else was sitting around the tub.
Adrian opened his eyes sleepily. “It feels nice in here. What happened?”
“You started hibernating,” Kaelen replied. “Nothing we did could keep you warm enough.”
“I’ll just stay in here then. It’s warm right here.”
Tallia laughed, “You can’t stay in there forever, Adrian. You’ll get all pruny. But I think we’ll give you another ten to twenty minutes until you’re feeling a little more alert.”

The weeks seemed to fly until finals. Adrian’s change had become more noticeable than ever. He had several bald patches where greenish-hued skin showed though. His eyes were constantly bugged out and more yellow than green. Perhaps the worst of it was that he could barely speak. He had to concentrate on speaking without croaking. Sometimes he concentrated so much, that he forgot what he was trying to say. The day before the meeting he had his spell breaking final. He mustered up his courage and said, “Calypso, I need to, ribbet ribbet, ask a question.”
“Of course, Adrian, what is it?” she asked.
He paused to gather his thoughts and focus on sounding human. “Calypso, is there any way, ribbet, for me to be normal tomorrow?”
Calypso eyed him for a moment. She then turned to where Kaelen had just taken his seat. “Stay after class, Adrian. We’ll discuss your options in private.”
The final seemed never-ending as Adrian tried to answer the questions. He had difficulty using his pen properly. It became stuck to his hands at awkward angles and he’d try to dislodge it before continuing. When Kaelen left the room, Calypso beckoned to Adrian to sit at a seat right next to her desk.
“In answer to your question, Adrian, yes, there is a way,” she began. “But mind you, it comes at a price.”
“Whatever it is, I’ll do it,” he said fervently. “I just want to be normal for one day.”
“Don’t rush into this decision, Adrian. All magic comes at a price. In this particular case, the scenario is that yes, you would be completely human for a single twenty-four hour period. However, at the stroke of midnight, your transformation would be complete. You would not be human again until the spell is broken by your princess. Due to the nature of this, I would ask you to speak with Calista before you make your final decision.”
“I don’t need to talk to her,” he replied. “I’m willing to do it.”
“All the same,” she said, “something of this magnitude needs the headmistress’ knowledge and approval. I’ll send her a message to meet at the hovel at seven-thirty tonight. You should also arrive at that time. A spell this powerful cannot be done by a single witch, not even the Head of the Sisters. Also, do not tell your friends about our conversation. There is no need to give them a false sense of hope for you if Calista should turn down your request.”
“I understand.”
“Then I’ll see you tonight,” she replied.
The rest of the day seemed to drag. After supper, he said goodbye to his friends and headed out to the hovel. It was so cold outside and the ground looked so tempting, but he concentrated on getting to the hovel. When he finally arrived, he knocked on the door. “Can I, ribbet ribbet, come in?” he asked sleepily as Maeve answered it.
“Oh, yes, of course, Adrian.” She opened the door and helped him inside. “Sit by the fire, you’ll be warmer there.”
“Thanks.” He looked around and saw all of the witches sitting near a crackling fire. Calista was also in the room already, speaking with Calypso. It didn’t look like the conversation was going at all well. He had a sinking feeling that she was about to crush his hopes of being normal.
“It’s good to see you, Adrian,” Calypso said. “We were just discussing your request.”
“Adrian, I simply cannot allow for you to go through with this,” Calista interrupted. “How will you finish your schooling if you are turned into a frog before the end of even this school year?”
“Calista, as I’ve tried to tell you,” Maeve interjected, “he’s going to be a frog by the end of this year one way or the other. Allow him this opportunity to be with his princess.”
“Allow Adrian to speak for himself, Sister,” Morghana rasped. “Adrian, why do you want to do this?” When he began to hesitate she continued, “Don’t worry about your speech; within these walls, your voice will be heard.”
“There are many reasons,” he began. “First, I can’t hide this any longer, Calista. My skin isn’t human even when I put the make-up on. My hands and feet are almost completely webbed. I’m losing my hair, my eyes are weird-looking and my mouth is totally out of proportion with the rest of my face. No matter what you or Tallia did, Allegra would notice. Second, I don’t think there’s much else you or anyone can teach me to prepare for my quest because I don’t have one. I have to wait for Allegra to be ready to save me. And third, I deserve one night to truly be myself with Allegra. I’ve never once gotten in trouble. I’ve done everything that has been asked of me and I think I deserve this one night to tell Allegra how much she means to me without having to worry about sticking my tongue out at her.”
“Adrian, I know this is difficult, but please consider…”
“Quite frankly, Calista, I don’t care what you have to say about this. I accept Calypso’s offer.”
There was a strange pulse through the room. Calista looked slightly crestfallen. “It’s too late now,” Calypso said. “He’s made up his mind and he is old enough to make this kind of decision himself. His words cannot be taken back.”
“I know,” she whispered. “Adrian, because of your transformation, we will do things differently than we normally would. At the stroke of midnight when this spell is reversed, you will be automatically transferred to the place you will await your princess. There will be no time to say goodbye to your friends, to your family, or to Allegra. It will be instant and irreversible. This is how it must be.”
“You never planned on meeting with Allegra and me.”
She shook her head, “I couldn’t. Part of being on a quest is having unknowns. To tell Allegra the nature of your transformation would take away from her ability to complete this quest. It would make one part easy, but that would by nature make other parts even more difficult. It is better for her not to know.”
“I see. However, I would request that I be allowed five minutes during my end of semester interview to talk to my family. I understand not having time with Allegra, but my mother and sister need to know that I’m alright.”
“I’ll grant that request. Calypso, I’ll return now if you don’t need me any longer.”
“I believe my sisters and I can take things from here,” she replied.
“Very well,” Calista said as she stood. “I’ll see you in the morning, Adrian. Good night.”
“Good night, Calista,” he replied as she left the room.
Once she was out of the room, the Sisters stood and circled around Adrian. “As I’ve said, Adrian, there is now no turning back.”
“I understand,” he said.
The lights in the room flickered and the air crackled with energy and magic.

Year 5 Chapter 3
Back to Table of Contents

The next morning, Adrian awoke and sat up blearily. The night before had seemed so long. He had spent untold hours at the witches’ hovel. If he had known it would take so long, he would have asked them to start earlier so he could get more sleep. After getting out of bed, he walked over to the mirror. He couldn’t help but stare at his reflection for a while; he was normal. Smiling, he got dressed and then frowned. “Why are my pants too short?” he asked aloud. He put on a shirt and the sleeves pulled far past his wrists. He sighed, “I guess I’ve been growing. Maybe Lucian can help me.” He walked down the hallway to Lucian’s room and knocked on the door.
“Adrian!” Lucian said in surprise when he opened the door. “You look normal.”
“I made a deal with the witches yesterday,” he replied. “But none of my clothes fit.”
“Well, makes sense. The fairies have been keeping your height at what it was two years ago. Obviously you did some growing in that time. You’re a good four inches taller than you were. I think I still have a set of old uniforms that might fit you.” He looked through his dresser drawers. “Here, try these on.”
Adrian changed into the uniforms and looked in the mirror. “Other than I’m a bit broader than you are, they’re pretty good.”
“Well, try this set then,” Lucian suggested, pulling one out of his closet. “All the pieces were just a tad too wide for me.”
Changing into the new uniform, Adrian stretched his arms around. “That feels better. In fact, it’s almost a perfect fit. Thanks, Lucian.”
“No problem. So, how long do you have like this?”
“Twenty-four hours.”
“Well, let’s not waste a moment. The princesses will be here soon. Do you have everything?” Lucian asked as he buttoned his jacket.
Checking his pockets for the little wrapped box from the jewelers, Adrian stated, “Yeah, I’ve got everything.”
“Then let’s go.” They walked out of the room. “Oh wait, we should go say hi to Kaelen first.”
They knocked on Kaelen’s door and he welcomed them in. After saying hello to Gelasia, the boys sat down for a minute to chat.
“Adrian, you look like a normal human being. I’m jealous,” Kaelen admitted.
“It almost didn’t work out. But I get one day to be normal for Allegra. After that we’ll just have to see what happens.” He hated lying to them, but he had been forbidden to say anything to his friends. It would hurt to leave and not have them know where he was going. “So are you going to be at the ball tonight?”
“No, Calista told me that she had received a letter stating that my mother had heard rumors that I was here and would be most displeased to learn that they were true. We don’t want my mother taking Anna out of school just because I’m still considered worthy of being a Prince Charming.”
“That’s awful,” Lucian exclaimed. “I wish there was something we could do.”
Kaelen shook his head, “I know, but there’s not so no use worrying over it. Here, give this to Anna if you could.” He handed Lucian a folded sheet of paper.
“I’ll make sure she gets it,” he promised.
“Thanks,” Kaelen said with a sad smile. “Now, you two best get downstairs. You’ll be late meeting your princesses. Tell them all hi for me.”
“Will do,” Adrian replied. “And in case I don’t see you before I go, have a good break. You’re a great friend and I’ll miss you.”
“Miss me? It’s only going to be a month.”
Adrian flushed, “I hope you have a great break and that you have the best of luck with everything. I’m going to go downstairs now,” he finished, stammering a little. He walked quickly out of the room before either could say a word.
Waving behind him, Lucian followed Adrian. When he got down there, the princesses were already beginning to mill about. Allegra spied him coming down and ran to give him a hug. “I’ve missed you too,” he teased when she finally released him.
“Doesn’t Adrian look wonderful?” she asked. “And he’s grown a lot since the last time I was here.”
“I take it you’re not mad at him anymore then.”
“No, it’s clear that there’s nothing wrong with him.” She smiled over at him as he talked to some of their other friends. “It must have been just as he said.”
“You should trust your prince,” he agreed.
Allegra didn’t respond as Moira came over. “I suppose I owe you an apology,” she said.
“For what?” he asked.
“Not believing you. I was sure that you and Adrian were hiding something from me. But he looks fine. It must have just been my imagination.”
“Apology accepted. Let’s go to breakfast.” He offered his arm which she took graciously and together they walked into the dining hall. “Oh, by the way, I need you to give this to Anna, Kaelen’s sister.”
“Don’t you think that’s a little risky with her parents coming and all? We all know what could happen if they found out,” she said.
 “I know, but we’ve got to do something for them.”
She nodded, but didn’t reply. She placed the letter in a small pocket on her gown. “I’ll do it during the activities today.”
“Thanks,” he smiled. “That’s a beautiful color on you. It really brings out your eyes.”
“Well someone told me that I should wear blue today,” she replied, looking down at the dark blue gown she was wearing. “Do I get to find out why you made that request?”
“All in good time.”
They continued talking with their friends until the fairies dismissed them to the gym for games and activities. Agreeing that they’d like some time just to be together, the group found a magical fireplace surrounded by comfy armchairs and sat down. There was laughter and chatter amidst the group as they watched younger students and older students filter around them. Anna walked meaningfully towards the group and asked in a whisper, “How’s my brother?”
“He’s doing fine,” Lucian replied.
“Here,” Moira whispered, handing Anna the letter from her pocket. “He wanted us to give this to you. Just be careful with it.”
Anna nodded and walked away to rejoin her prince who had been beckoning to her from a table with a game set up on it.
“It’s tragic that things must be that way for them,” Eleanor said sadly.
The morning progressed rapidly and Adrian wished that time would slow down. He knew this was the last time he could be with his friends. All too soon, it was time for lunch and parents began filtering into the castle. He was greeted warmly by his mother and Nana and to his surprise, Uncle Sebastian. “We didn’t expect to see you!” he said as Sebastian wrapped him in a hug.
“Well, I could always leave,” Sebastian teased.
“No, I’m really glad you’re here.”
“I thought you might be,” he replied. “Now let’s go eat. I’m sure the food is quite as excellent now as it was when I was in school.”
“I’m sure it’s improved,” Nana countered with a grin.
They headed into the dining hall along with Lucian’s family. The others were still waiting for their parents to come. “We’ll join you in a bit,” George said. “You go on ahead.”
Everyone else began their lunch and they were soon joined by their other friends. “What are you doing over winter break?” Lucian asked everyone.
“Well, ours will be a bit chaotic,” Leticia began.
“I have an art competition starting the same time as the winter dressage finals in Rendorlin,” Eleanor explained. “Leticia obviously will be going straight to Rendorlin to begin the preliminary competitions and then we’ll be going after my art competition is over just in time to see her win the grand prize.”
“I wouldn’t count on it,” she said blushing. “As I understand, Allegra will be entering the same competition and she’s very good. Am I right, Allegra?”
“That is my plan. We should travel together.”
King Julian said, “I would certainly feel better if she did. I don’t like the idea of her traveling alone.”
“Oh Daddy,” Leticia teased, “I’m not a little girl anymore.”
The conversation continued to ebb and flow as they talked about all the things that would be going on over the winter and into the next semester. Soon they were going to the hallways to await their meetings. Calista came out and surprised everyone by calling Jacobi first. “That’s odd,” Lavinia said. “She normally begins your year with you, Adrian.”
“I’m not sure why she didn’t,” he fibbed.
“Well, I certainly hope she doesn’t expect us to do your meeting during Moira’s. I will not be torn between the two of you,” she stated.
“I’m sure she’ll keep that in mind, Mother.” Nana was looking at him though she knew something everyone else didn’t. Even Uncle Sebastian seemed to know something as his gaze drifted from Adrian to his mother and back again. “What made you choose to come now, Uncle Sebastian?”
“You know I never reveal my intentions,” he teased. “That would spoil all the joy of seeing you. Suffice it to say I felt missed and decided to grace you with my presence.”
Moira laughed, “Well, I’ll have to start missing you more so that you come more often.”
Laughing as well, he retorted, “Ah my dear, it doesn’t work that way. I’m afraid my visit will be very short. I’m taking Nana away with me for a trip to Rendorlin. I know how she loves to watch the dressage finals and I’m not taking no for an answer, Bethany,” he added as she looked ready to argue. “I’ve already taken the liberty of having your maid pack your things. Like it or not, we’re going on a road trip.”
“Well, that certainly explains why Maryanne was rummaging through my things before we left and why she insisted that I bring that trunk. And when, may I ask, do you intend on returning me?”
“Oh, I haven’t decided yet. I may decide to keep you forever.”
“Now that would never do,” Lavinia said.
The family laughed and soon it was time for Moira’s meeting. “Adrian, send Nana to knock on the door should Calista start your interview while I’m with Moira.”
He nodded though he already knew he wouldn’t have to. He watched as the others went in for their interviews and came out. Soon Moira had returned and they were waiting. He was the last boy of his age left to be interviewed. Calista came out and said, “Adrian, if you and your family would please join me inside.”
“All of us?” Lavinia asked.
“Yes, I have something very important that I need to discuss with you all.”
Moira looked suspiciously at Lucian whom she had been talking to as they waited. Lucian tried not to look guilty as Moira and the others followed Calista into her office. “I apologize Sebastian, I had not known you would be coming. I’m afraid I’m one seat short,” she said as she closed the door.
“I’m afraid I do have a bad habit of showing up unannounced,” he replied. “I’ll be fine standing.”
“Thank you. Adrian has done a fine job this semester and has overcome many, many obstacles. His improvement in all of his classes has been commented on by his teachers. They are all most pleased with him.”
“Even Achilles?” he interrupted.
She laughed, “Yes, even Achilles. Now, I’m afraid I have some bad news; news which must not leave this room. Part of it will make itself known as is, but much of what I tell you cannot be repeated to anyone, not even your closest friends.”
Everyone was quiet and Adrian was looking at the floor. He suddenly couldn’t bear to look at them anymore. He could see fear and disappointment on the faces of his family. “We’ll keep this knowledge to ourselves, as you’ve requested,” Lavinia said. “What has happened?”
“It is a long and complicated story, one too long to go into right now,” Calista began. “I’ll make it as brief as possible. Despite not being ordered to, a witch punished Adrian for a slight offense. For the past three years he has been slowly transforming into a frog. We tried to have this reversed,” she continued as Lavinia and Moira both looked furious and Nana was looking thoughtful. “However, I was informed by Maeve that this is part of his quest. Allegra, will have to find him and break the enchantment. I realize that this may be opposite of what things normally are, but it has happened in the past that the princess was the rescuer. These stories also had happy endings. However, it is imperative that you not tell anyone outside this room, particularly Allegra. It would make things more difficult rather than helping. It’s all a part of how the quests work as I’m sure each of you will remember from your own quests. Moira, it is very important that you not say a word to Allegra, I need your promise.”
Moira was fighting tears. “How long have you known?” she asked Adrian angrily.
“I’m sorry, Moira, I couldn’t tell you.”
“How long?”
He looked at the floor again. “About a year.”
“And you never told me?” Hurt colored the tones of her voice. “I’m your sister, your twin!”
“He wasn’t allowed to Moira,” Calista said. “I forbid him from saying anything to any of you for fear that one of you would say something to Allegra. Please understand that she can’t know.”
“Why?” Moira asked. “How will that help?”
“Moira,” Nana interjected as Calista had started to speak, “it is better because if we make that part easy, another part will be made twice is hard. That is the nature of a quest. If we tell Allegra the nature of Adrian’s transformation, she may have an even harder time finding him. Or the spell may become more challenging to break. You must trust us.”
“How can I?” Moira demanded. “You’ve all lied to me.”
“Moira Elizabeth, no one has lied to you,” Lavinia chided. “Adrian did what he was told, as a gentleman would. I had begun to wonder about him. His eyes were always so like Martin’s and then they were different. But he didn’t lie. He never said he wasn’t changing. None of us asked him if he was. And Calista has not lied either. She didn’t tell us because she knew it was what was best at the time. Frankly, I don’t think it was her choice to tell us this much,” Lavinia added, looking again at Calista. “If no one else trust me. Trust Nana and Uncle Sebastian. None of us knew of this.”
Putting her face in her hands, Moira sobbed, “I won’t tell anyone. I promise.”
“Thank you, Moira,” Calista said. “I know how hard this must be.”
“Do you? Do you really?”
Raising an eyebrow, she replied, “Do remember that I am many centuries older than anyone in this room. I have seen this before and yes, I know how hard it is. Now, I’m going to leave you alone for a few minutes and then it will be time for our feast. Adrian looks like himself because he has made a deal with the witches. He gets this one last day to spend with you and with Allegra before the transformation is complete. At midnight tonight he will disappear as you’ve seen princesses do at graduation. He will instantly be transported to the location at which he will await Allegra. Say your goodbyes and then get yourselves ready to be merry. Enjoy this night, it is the last you will have together for quite some time.” Calista then rose from her seat and left the room.
Adrian finally looked up at everyone, tears glistening in his eyes. “I’m so sorry, I wanted to tell you, I really did.”
“Hush, dear,” Lavinia said, taking him in her arms in a tight hug. “You couldn’t tell us. Calista was right in doing what she did. I’m just sorry you had to bear this alone. I wish we had more time, but know how proud I am of you. I love you, very much.”
“I love you too, Mother.” When his mother let him go, he looked at Moira. She was looking away from him. “Moira, I’m sorry. Please, believe me.”
She turned to him. “You should have trusted me.”
“I’m sorry.”
Throwing her arms around his neck, she whispered, “What am I going to do without you?”
“Hey, it won’t be forever,” he replied as cheerfully as he could. “I’m going to miss you.”
“I’ll miss you too.” She finally let go so that Nana and Uncle Sebastian could take their turns.
“Well, my boy, the adventure of a lifetime awaits you,” Sebastian said, shaking Adrian’s hand. “Make it count.” He then hugged Adrian and moved so that Nana could talk to him.
“You knew all along, didn’t you?”
“I suspected. My dear, dear boy,” she said as he fell into her arms. “Be strong. You are both capable of this. The fairies would never give you, nor your princess, a quest that you weren’t capable of turning into a happily-ever-after.”
They were quiet together for a few moments before Lavinia sniffled and said, “Well, I suppose we should try to regain our composure and join the others downstairs for supper and the ball. Adrian, you are so like your father. Continue to be like him.”
He nodded and they all walked out of the office and downstairs. They found Lucian’s family and Allegra waving to them to join the group at the table.
“Are you alright?” she asked.
“I’m fine,” he replied with a smile.
The meal continued with light-hearted chatter. Lucian noticed how quiet Moira was and that she looked more than just sad, she looked angry. He had no doubt that as soon as they had a moment alone, he was going to be in for a talking to. And he didn’t have long to wait. As the fairies cleared the hall to make room for a dance floor, Moira grabbed Lucian’s hand and dragged him out of earshot of anyone else. “You knew didn’t you?”
“Moira, I’m sorry,” he began. “I wanted very much to tell you.”
“So instead you lied to me?” she asked. “Lucian, Adrian doesn’t stand a chance. We both know that Allegra is terrified of frogs. She doesn’t just dislike them; she loathes and fears them. How can she save him if she can’t stand to be in the same room as a frog?”
“I hope you didn’t tell him that.”
“Of course not,” she snapped. “But tell me how this is going to work out.”
“Allegra will have to overcome her fear.”
“You told me that he would be fine. You lied, Lucian.”
“No I didn’t. Yes, Allegra is afraid of frogs, but look at them.” He paused and pointed to where Adrian and Allegra were standing. “She loves him and will do whatever she has to in order to save him. If that means she has to kiss a frog you better believe she’ll close her eyes and pucker. Love is more powerful than fear.”
“Then why did your mother’s real prince abandon her?” Moira spat. She wished instantly she could take back the words.
“My mother’s real prince is my dad,” he said, though anger was in his voice. “Her original prince didn’t truly love her.”
He started to walk away but Moira grabbed his arm. “Lucian, I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have said that. I’m just, I’m worried about him. I don’t want to see him trapped for eternity as a frog.”
“You won’t, I promise. Now come on, we’re missing the dance and you’re losing valuable time with your brother.” He offered her his arm and she accepted as they walked back towards the rest of the group. Soft strains of music were beginning and couples were out on the dance floor. Moira watched as Adrian led Allegra out to dance. She could see that they were deeply in love with each other. She only hoped that the love Allegra felt would be enough to see past the frog her prince would become.
Leticia smiled and said, “They all look so happy out there don’t they?”
“They do,” Lucian admitted. He then cleared his throat. “Moira, my timing may be terrible, but there’s something I’d like you to do for me.”
“What’s that?”
“Close your eyes,” he commanded. Raising an eyebrow curiously, Moira did as she was told. Lucian pulled the box from his pocket and took Moira’s hand. “Now open them,” he said as he placed the box in her hand.
“You’re right; your timing is terrible,” she replied, trying not to smile. “I’m still mad at you.”
“Well, maybe this will help,” he countered as she took off the wrapping. Moira gasped as she opened the box and saw what was inside. For a moment no one spoke at all. “Do you like it?”
Leticia looked over and said, “Lucian, that’s stunning. Moira, don’t you think so?”
Moira couldn’t speak. Her eyes had filled with tears and she was just staring down at the box. “Where did you get this?” she finally choked.
“The jeweler’s in town,” he replied, not sure this was the reaction he was looking for. “If you don’t like it, I’m sure we could exchange it.”
“Mom,” she began and then faltered. Clearing her throat she finally managed to say, “My mom has a necklace just like this. Dad gave it to her.”
“Oh.” He wasn’t sure exactly what to say. For a long moment there was an awkward silence as Moira pulled herself together. “Do you like it?”
Moira threw her arms around Lucian’s neck. “I love it,” she whispered. “I’m sorry, it’s just, Mom hasn’t worn that necklace in so long, but every now and again, I see her take it out of its box and admire it. It’s beautiful, I really do like it.”
“May I then?” he asked, taking the necklace from the box.
Nodding, she turned and Lucian put the necklace around her neck and carefully closed the clasp. “For my beautiful, sapphire-eyed princess,” he said. “Hopefully this gets me outside the doghouse, even if I’m still stuck in front of it.”
Laughing, she said, “I think you’ve very effectively gotten me to forgive you.”
Lavinia rejoined them from having enjoyed a waltz with Uncle Sebastian. “Why Moira, where on earth…?”
“Lucian gave it to me, Mother; isn’t it lovely? Just like yours.”
Fighting tears, Lavinia replied, “It is exactly like mine. I’m assuming you went to Fernando.”
“Yeah, how did you know?” he asked.
“Martin always went to Fernando for jewelry,” she explained. “He said there was no one with a finer eye for the exact piece to take your love’s breath away. And he was right, as usual.”
A soft waltz began and Adrian took his mother out for a dance. Lucian offered Moira his arm. “May I?”
“You know you don’t have to ask.”
“Just because I know the answer, doesn’t mean I shouldn’t ask.” For much of the song, they were silent, enjoying the beautiful music and the enchanting room they were in. “I’m not sure how the fairies manage to make this more beautiful every year,” he said as the music crescendoed.
“Perhaps we appreciate it more now,” she suggested.
“I suppose that could be true,” he agreed. “Or perhaps they just strive for perfection each year and it comes out just a little better than before.”
They were quiet for a while and after a moment, Moira teased, “You know, you weren’t supposed to get so tall that I couldn’t reach your shoulder.”
“I’m sorry, should I shrink some for you?”
“No, I like you just the way you are; even if you are too tall.”
“And too freckled, too red-headed, too blind. If we’re going to list my flaws, we’ll be here all night.”
“I don’t think I’d mind being here all night. But all good things must come to an end,” she said as the music began to fade.
“Not all,” he corrected, “just most.”
For a moment, she looked into Lucian’s eyes. “I suppose you’re right. Not all things end.”
The music finished and Lucian led Moira back to the group. For the next song Adrian took his sister to the dance floor. “I am sorry, Moira.”
“I’m sorry too, Adrian,” she replied. “I shouldn’t have gotten so mad. You know I love you, right? Even when we fight and disagree and when I’m an emotional wreck.”
“I know, Moira,” he said, spinning her gently. “I love you too. Besides, I’m sure I’ll be back to normal before you know it and then we’ll have a great laugh.”
“Only you would get yourself put under a spell without getting in trouble,” she laughed.
He chuckled, “Yeah, I guess that’s true.”
They enjoyed the rest of the dance and at the end, Adrian kissed Moira’s cheek. “Take care of Allegra for me, baby sister.”
Moira choked back tears and nodded. “You haven’t called me that in a long time, Adrian.”
“I know. It’s been a long time since I felt I needed to. You’re hardly a baby anymore.”
“Neither are you.”
When they arrived back at the group, Adrian pulled Nana out to dance with him. “Don’t you worry about a thing, Adrian,” she said as they danced. “Everything will work out just fine.”
“I hope so.”
“Well, you trust your old grandmother,” she said with a wink. “You’ll see.”
All too swiftly the last dance of the evening came. Before taking Allegra out to the floor, Adrian said, “I need you to turn around and close your eyes.”
“Whatever for?”
“I can’t tell you, you’ll just have to trust me,” he replied.
She turned around and closed her eyes, a smile playing about her lips. Adrian took the necklace from its box and moved Allegra’s hair to the side as he clasped the chain about her neck. “Am I allowed to look now?”
“Yes,” he replied.
Opening her eyes, Allegra looked down at the pendant about her neck. She lifted it so she could see it more clearly. “Adrian,” she gasped, “it’s perfect. Thank you.”
“A little something to have with you when I can’t be,” he said gently, stroking Allegra’s cheek. “And now, we’re going to go enjoy this last dance.”
Smiling brightly, Allegra accepted Adrian’s arm and walked out to the dance floor with him. For much of the dance they were quiet. Midnight was only a few short minutes away. Concentrating on these last few moments being perfect, Adrian took her, spinning and twirling with the music as it floated through the room. As the clock got closer to midnight he held her close. “Allegra?”
“Yes?”
“I need you to know something,” he began.
“What is it, Adrian?” she asked, her brow furrowing with concern. “You look upset.”
“Allegra,” he said softly, just as the minute hand of the grandfather clock moved to midnight, “I love you.”
The clock chimed and in an instant there was a flash of white. When the light cleared, Adrian was gone.

Year 5 Chapter 4
Back to Table of Contents

Calista tried to keep things in order, but there were students screaming, Allegra was having a panic attack followed by a shouting match with her brother, parents were demanding to know what was going on, and Adrian’s entire family was being bombarded with questions. Lavinia was speechless, Moira sullen and Nana refused to answer. Sebastian didn’t help by asking, “What do you think happened to him?”
Just as Calista was about to give up hope of getting things calmed down, Vulcan roared, “Silence!”
In an instant the room became dead quiet. “Thank you, Vulcan,” she said. He nodded. “Will Prince Lucian, Princess Allegra, King Lysander and Queen Alexandra please join me in my office? The rest of you will kindly go to your quarters and get some rest. Many of you have long journeys in the morning and I don’t wish to be up all night answering questions. This matter is between myself, the fairies and the two families involved. No one else has any part in this and therefore is not entitled to any explanations whatsoever. Good night.” She turned and Lucian’s family quietly followed her out of the room.
Queen Alexandra was gently steering Allegra from the room. They could hear the steady buzz of whispering growing as people guessed what had happened. She was grateful when she heard Gelasia’s sweet voice, “Now, now, my dears, this isn’t the first time a prince has disappeared. You’re all making a mountain out of a molehill.”
As soon as they had reached the safety of her office, Calista closed the door and said, “Now, we can discuss what has happened and what this will mean for Allegra.”
“Where is Adrian?” she demanded. “What have you done with him?”
“Where Adrian is, I cannot say. I can tell you that he is perfectly safe and in no danger at present.”
“What does that mean?” Allegra asked.
“Try to be patient, Allegra,” Calista said gently. “I will explain to you all that I can, but you must accept the answers that I can give you. Adrian is, as I said, perfectly safe. His exact location is unknown.”
“He’s been expelled?” she asked, horrified.
“No, not expelled,” Calista assured her. “Adrian is a very good student and there was no need to expel him. However, he has been put under a spell, the nature of which I cannot tell you. You see, Allegra, Adrian was never the one with a quest. You are.”
Her eyes widened in shock. “I have a quest? No, no that’s not right. I’m the princess. I’m supposed to disappear and he’s supposed to save me. That’s the way it works.”
“There is no cookie cutter recipe for a quest, Allegra,” Calista explained. “Each quest is uniquely designed for the prince and princess it involves. Even if Adrian were the one with a quest, you would find yourself challenged too. Your mother did not sit idly in a tower. She had to entertain the dragon holding her prisoner to ensure her safety and survival. She spent time sewing and filling her hope chest for the time when she would be rescued. She also had to execute great patience, which between us was never one of your mother’s strengths.” Alexandra allowed for a tiny smile before she continued, “My point is, Allegra, that this is a unique and wonderful opportunity for you.”
“Wonderful? No, you bring Adrian back. I want my Adrian.”
“That is not going to happen, Allegra, as I’m sure you are aware,” Calista replied. “In the meantime, you will continue your schooling for the next two years.”
“No,” Allegra countered. “If I must rescue Adrian, then I’m doing it right now.”
“Without finishing school you will be unable to complete this quest and neither of you will have a happy ending to this story,” Calista warned. “It is imperative that you finish your last two years. You will receive the knowledge you need to break the enchantment and live out your days happily.”
Lucian had been sitting very quietly during the whole meeting, staring at his lap. Allegra suddenly turned on him. “You knew,” she accused.
“Yes, I knew,” he admitted. “But I wasn’t allowed to say anything.”
Allegra’s eyes, filled with tears and anger, narrowed to slits. “I don’t care,” she said in a voice filled with bitterness and so quiet that it was almost a whisper. “I hate you, Lucian. And I will never, ever forgive you. Never!” She then turned on her heel and ran out of the room.
Lucian stood to follow, but Lysander put a hand on his shoulder. “Let her be, son,” he suggested. “I know you want to make amends, but she needs to come to terms with this.” He then turned to Calista. “I understand there are reasons for this secrecy and also that you cannot tell us everything. But if I’m to help my daughter cope, I need to know everything I can. You’ve hurt her greatly and caused Lucian to be a part of that pain.”
“I know I have, and I wish it could have been done without Lucian’s involvement. What I can tell you is that Adrian is safe. Allegra’s schooling, while she will continue to learn the finer arts of being a lady, will also incorporate classes to teach her the skills of questing. She is more than capable of turning this experience into a wonderful story with a happy ending. But a word of caution: she must overcome her anger. She will need to rely on all of you in order to complete this successfully. Particularly, she will need to rely on her brother. His knowledge and guidance will be invaluable to her. When Allegra graduates, she will be given her quest. I believe she will find it less intimidating than it seems right now. That is all that I can tell you. For now, it is very, very late and I’m sure you want to get some rest before your travels tomorrow.”
“I doubt there will be any sleeping tonight,” Alexandra admitted. “But we will not bother you any longer. Good night.” She accepted Lysander’s arm and left the room.

Early the next morning, weary from a restless night, Lucian’s family, Leticia and Kaelen packed their belongings into their large carriage and began the trip to Rendorlin. The ride was awkward and quiet. Kaelen and Leticia both tried to start conversations, but they all ended in awkward silence as Allegra glared out the window. Lucian didn’t try to join any of the conversations either. Anytime he would speak, Allegra would glare at him before returning her gaze outside.
After what seemed an eternity they arrived in Rendorlin. They stopped at The Dancing Fairies as they had the last time they were in the area. Prepared with the news that they would be arriving, the proprietress welcomed them each inside “It is so good to see you again. I have missed your company. And thank you so much for everything you did. It was quite unexpected and very much appreciated.”
“We had such a lovely time here that we couldn’t go without leaving some token of our gratitude,” Alexandra said with a smile.
“Well, again I thank you. You’ll be staying in the upstairs rooms. As you can see, I’ve had some improvements made while you were away. There is more space and more rooms available.” She led the way upstairs and to the familiar rooms.
“How many rooms did you add?” Lucian asked.
“Only three, but I have plans on making one more addition,” she replied. “I’ve had the most gracious gentleman staying and he’s helped me begin the process of refurbishing. So very thoughtful.”
Lucian and Kaelen exchanged grins. It was quite obvious that the older woman was in love with Adrian’s uncle. “Will he be here during our stay?” Kaelen asked.
“Why yes, as a matter of fact he will,” she answered. “How did you know?”
“Just a guess,” he shrugged.
“Ma’am,” Alexandra said as they went into their room, “I don’t recall your name. I’m so sorry; I am just terrible with names, what was it?”
The older woman looked startled and then smiled, “My name is of no importance. Most people just call me Mother.”
“Oh, very well then,” Alexandra replied. She stifled a yawn.
“You must be very tired. I’ll prepare lunch for you all and while I do that, you must get some rest. I insist,” she added when the others looked about to argue. “Get some good sleep and I’ll have everything ready for you.” She then left before anyone else could even attempt to argue. They were all so tired that they quickly found themselves heeding her council.
Lucian woke to the smell of vegetable stew wafting up the staircase. He had been so tired he hadn’t even bothered to close the door to his room. Stretching, he got out of bed and headed downstairs. “We were wondering when you would join us,” Alexandra said with a smile, handing him a plate with rolls on it. “Here, I’m sure Mother will bring out an extra bowl for you shortly.”
 “Thanks,” Lucian replied as she handed him a bowl. He could see that Allegra was still avoiding looking at him.
“Lucian, how did your semester go?” Leticia asked pointedly.
He could tell she was forcing him to join the conversation, so Lucian said, “It went well. All of my classes had high marks and Raphael was really impressed with how George and I are doing in our class.”
“What have you been working on?” Alexandra asked.
“Double-handed fencing,” Lucian replied between bites. “Raphael says I’m a bit ahead of where George is, but between us I don’t think that’s true. George is a very good swordsman.”
Their conversation was interrupted by Sebastian entering the room. “I hope you’ll forgive an old man being late, Laura,” he said as he placed his bags on the floor. “Last night was very long indeed.”
“No matter,” Mother replied with a bright smile. “And that’s not my name. But where is your sister? I expected her to join you.”
“Due to a family emergency, she has chosen to stay at home with her daughter and granddaughter,” he explained. “She hopes you’ll forgive her.”
“Oh I do hope that everything turns out alright. No need to ask forgiveness. Life happens. Will this cut your visit short?”
“I’m afraid it will. But I’ll come again soon. After all, I have a room to finish.”
Mother laughed. “Well, come have some lunch. You must be starved.”
“I am feeling a mite peckish,” Sebastian agreed. He joined everyone at the table.
“I’ll bring you a bowl,” Mother said and walked from the room as everyone greeted Sebastian.
“So, have any of you been able to discover her name?” Sebastian asked.
“She said she goes by Mother,” Alexandra said.
“Bah,” he scoffed. “I can’t call her Mother. She can’t possibly be a day older than me. In fact, I’d wager she’s not even the same age as me.”
Laughing as she returned, Mother said,” It won’t work. You’ll just have to get used to it.”
“No, I shall make up a name for you every day until I finally pick the right one,” he retorted. “Today your name shall be Felicity.”
“Wrong again,” Mother said, shaking her head. “Eventually you’ll run out of names.”
“Ah, there aren’t that many names in the world. At some point I’m bound to pick the right one and then perhaps you’ll stop being so mysterious.”
“But if I lost my mystery, you might lose your interest.”
“I never lose interest in a lovely pursuit,” he retorted with a wink.
Flushing, Mother excused herself to begin the dishes.
They continued their meal and then left the inn to take care of signing the girls in for their competition. The necessary veterinary checks were done and the girls were each given a schedule of when they would be performing with their horses. After getting everything in order, the group wandered the town. Allegra spoke to everyone except Lucian. He couldn’t help feeling that Allegra was being vastly unfair. It wasn’t his fault that Adrian had been transformed. It wasn’t his fault that Adrian had disappeared. While part of him understood that she was just scared and angry, he didn’t think it fair that all her anger was directed at him. Couldn’t she at least be a little angry at Adrian? he thought. Just a tad?

Though he longed to go back to Lictthane to be with his family, Sebastian joined Allegra’s family in the stands. He watched and cheered as she performed for nearly the first half of the competition. Towards the end of the second week, he told everyone at supper, “I must be going to Lictthane now. I have overstayed my visit far longer than I ought to have.”
“Must you go?” Allegra asked.
“Yes,” he replied. “Bethany will need me to help with Lavinia and Moira. I can’t very well leave them on their own. But have no fears, I will visit again. I always do.”
“When?” Mother asked.
“That I will never tell,” he said. “But, I am packed and ready. I must simply take my leave and be out the door.”
“Have a safe trip,” Alexandra said as he stood from the table.
“Yes, and tell Moira hello for us,” Leticia added.
Sebastian nodded to everyone and walked to the door. His bags were on the floor next to it.
“Sebastian,” Mother said from behind him.
“Yes?”
“Please do be careful. There is rumor amongst the innkeepers of a band of highwaymen who are attacking carriages along the roads you will travel. They are merciless, killing everyone and leaving nothing of value behind.”
“I’ll be careful, Melody,” he promised.
Smiling and shaking her head, she replied, “No, not Melody.”
“You can’t keep your name a secret forever,” he said. “I’m close to figuring it out.”
“Well, I wish you’d do it sooner rather than later,” she teased. “You’ve picked out so many new names for me I do believe my head is spinning. I doubt I’d remember my own name if I heard it.”
“You’d remember. I can tell.”
“Perhaps I would. Now, if you’re going to go tonight, go quickly before it gets dark. And please do be careful. Send word when you reach Lictthane, just so I don’t worry too much.”
“I’ll be sure to do that.” He raised her hand gently to his lips. “Farewell my lady.”
“Until we meet again.” She waved to the carriage as it rolled away from her inn, smiling at no one in particular.
Sebastian didn’t travel far that night, keeping to his promise to stay safe. When he put in for the night, he talked to the innkeeper privately about the rumor Mother had confided to him. “It’s true enough, all right,” the innkeeper said. “We’ve been losing customers as no one wants to travel now. It’s a bad business I tell you.”
“Indeed,” Sebastian mused. In the years he’d been traveling, he’d heard of highwaymen, he’d even run into them from time to time, but never had he heard of there being a gang of them together. Highwaymen tended to travel alone, in pairs at the most. It was more difficult to catch them that way. These men must have been very sure of themselves to be traveling as a pack. In any case, Sebastian decided it would be best for him not to travel at night until he had safely reached Lictthane. It would still be a few days’ journey because he planned on stopping briefly in Traifloran before continuing on to Lictthane.
The next morning, Sebastian awoke early to begin his travels again. He paid the innkeeper before packing his light curricle. A flurry of snow was dusting the wintry world around him. He wrapped his winter cloak about him a little tighter. The horses continued at a lively gait and he stopped once for luncheon in a small town along the roadside. Soon he was on the road again; he should arrive just outside Traifloran by nightfall if he kept up his pace. He enjoyed the scenery and the soft glow of the winter snows as he rode swiftly past. He slowed the horses as the snow began to fall a little thicker. Soon dusk was falling over the mountains. It was nearing time to stop, but he had not yet reached his destination. A few more hours surely would be alright. He was still as swift with his sword as he’d ever been. If the highwaymen were foolish enough to stop him, they’d get a whipping they’d not soon forget.
Dark had just crept over the land as the glow of a fire showed over a hill. He slowed the horses to a silent walk. “I wonder what that could be?” Stopping the curricle, he tied the horses to a nearby tree and walked towards the blaze, keeping out of sight in the trees. Upon reaching the crest of the hill, his heart sank and a sick feeling entered the pit of his stomach. A large carriage was ablaze. Throwing caution to the wind, Sebastian swiftly descended to the site. He could see crimson drops of blood in the snow. A broken sword lay in pieces next to the cold hand of the man who had fought so bravely. Nearby was the body of a woman, more than likely his wife judging by age and the sorrowful expression captured on her face. Tears filled Sebastian’s eyes. He was too late. A slight whimper made him turn. A young woman was lying in the snow, her lips blue with cold and blood staining the front of her gown.
“Please, don’t leave me,” she begged in a voice barely a whisper.
“Oh my dear,” he said, “don’t worry. I’ll help you.”
“Mother, Daddy,” the girl whispered as he removed his cloak and began to wrap her in it.
“I’m very sorry, dear, they’re gone.” He lifted her gently in his arms.
“Can’t leave them,” she mumbled against his chest. “Promised.”
“I promise I’ll see to them as soon as I get you to safety.” Once in the curricle, he held the young lady close to him so that she could gain some warmth from his presence. He then cracked the reins over the horses’ rumps. “Fly my friends, make haste!”
Taking his command, the horses cantered quickly to the nearest town. He stopped the curricle and took the young lady out with him and shoved his way inside the nearest inn. “I need a room with a fire quickly, and bandages.”
“Of course,” the proprietress said. She sent a serving boy to fetch the things needed and led Sebastian to the parlor fire. She shooed away several other guests. “Another victim?”
“Yes, but she’s still alive, if only just,” he replied.
“Surely she wasn’t alone,” the proprietress exclaimed.
“Her parents are dead. I didn’t have time to give them proper burial. When I realized she was alive, I knew I had to come quickly. As is, I don’t know that she’ll make it.” The serving boy returned with a bowl of warm water and several rags. “Thank you,” Sebastian said.
“Let me know if I can help you,” the proprietress replied. She went to the doorway and chided the guests who had gathered about. “This is not a show for entertaining. Let that poor creature alone. To your rooms all of you, or I’ll turn you out, so help me.”
Sebastian stayed at the young lady’s side, cleaning the multiple wounds and gently rubbing in ointment against infection. She had lost a lot of blood and he could see that she was becoming feverish from her long exposure in the elements. Who knew how long she had lain in the bitter cold, waiting for someone to help her? Gently wrapping bandages about her, Sebastian softly hummed a tune, the name of which he’d long forgotten. Night lengthened and turned to dawn. The young woman’s condition did not improve; if anything it steadily got worse. Exhausted, yet determined to see her well, Sebastian spoon-fed her cups of broth and took the time to bathe her wounds and redress them. It was midafternoon when the young woman awoke from a feverish sleep. “Sir?”
“Yes, child, I’m here.”
“I need you,” she began, her voice weary and strained. “I need you to tell George…tell George that I love him.”
“But, my dear, I don’t know your name.”
The girl smiled as her eyes closed. “Tell George, Eleanor loves him.” With that, Eleanor took her last breath and lay still in Sebastian’s arms, the slight smile still playing on her lips.

Year 5 Chapter 5
Back to Table of Contents

 Winter break was almost finished when Calista and Melantha unexpectedly arrived in Rendorlin. They found Leticia at the dressage final in the middle of her final performance. “Should we ask for her now?” Melantha asked Calista.
“No, allow Leticia this moment,” Calista replied.
They watched in silence for a few moments, before leaving a message with one of the judges and then leaving to await them at the castle in Rendorlin. On arriving at the castle, King Markus and Queen Tabitha welcomed them cordially.
“Is George at home or at the dressage finals?” Calista asked.
“He’s at the finals. He’s watching his princess’ sister finish her routines. It’s a very close tie, as I understand, between Leticia and Princess Allegra of Maltisten,” Tabitha replied.
“You’re not here about the dressage finals,” Markus interjected, looking between the two fairies.
“No, I’m afraid we’re not,” Calista said. “But we shall wait until George and Leticia arrive before I share my news. It concerns both of them.”
“I’ll have the parlor arranged for tea,” Tabitha replied. “Please, go sit and warm yourselves.”
No sooner had she said this than Samantha and Kieffer walked into the castle. “My dear daughter, why are you here?” He asked, hugging her.
“I was summoned by Calista,” she said. “She said George needed me, so we left immediately.”
“In your condition?” Markus asked in shock as he looked more closely at her. “You’re with child! You shouldn’t be traveling.”
“Daddy, I’m fine,” Samantha smiled, placing a gentle hand on her bulging stomach. “When I read the note I knew I had to come immediately.”
“Well, go join Calista and Melantha in the parlor and warm yourselves,” Markus commanded them. “And you, young lady, will certainly have some explaining to do. You never told us.”
“I wanted it to be a surprise.”
It was many hours before George and Leticia arrived. When they did, Leticia looked as though she already knew what was going to be said. Her cheeks were tear-stained. As she took the seat offered to her, she looked straight at Melantha and cried, “My sister is gone, isn’t she?”
“Yes, my child, I’m afraid she is,” Melantha replied sadly.
Leticia’s fragile composure was shattered and she buried her face in her hands, her sobbing the only sound in the room.
“Eleanor is dead?” George felt numb all over, as though doused with a bucket of ice water.
Calista nodded. “Leticia’s family was found by the emeritus king Sebastian while he was traveling to Lictthane to be with his niece and her family. Her mother and father were dead when he arrived. Eleanor survived only a day under Sebastian’s care. I can assure you that he did everything that he could for her. My children, I’m so sorry.”
“How did they die?” Leticia asked.
Melantha hesitated before saying, “Highwaymen. There has been a rash of attacks along the road. Your father fought bravely, but was overcome. They killed your parents, took everything of value and left Eleanor to die. I suppose they may have thought she was already dead.”
George stared at his hands, trying not to allow his emotions to get the best of him. “What is to be done now? Eleanor,” his voice broke and he stopped. Clearing his throat, he continued, “Eleanor was my princess. Leticia now has no family, her grandparents passed away last summer.”
“Leticia still has Benjamin,” Melantha corrected. “Although at present his location is unknown. He is still on his quest. As soon as he returns, he will be crowned King of Traifloran. In the meantime, the kingdom will be ruled by the emeritus king and queen living there. Leticia, you will be staying with Princess Moira and her family. There you will be safe and be given time to heal from this tragedy. If Benjamin returns while you’re in school, you will be allowed to stay with him or you may choose to stay with Moira.”
“George,” Calista began when Melantha had finished, “during the remainder of this school year, you will meet with Gelasia once a week, or more often if you need, for counseling and time to heal.”
“Leticia, you will meet with Myrtle,” Melantha added.
“Upon your graduation of Charming Academy,” Calista continued, “we will discuss the options for your future.”
“What future?” he asked. “Eleanor was my princess, my love, my world. And now she’s gone.”
Samantha came and put her arms around her brother, holding him close as he sobbed against her. “My dear brother, don’t allow the future to appear so bleak. There will be light again.” She lifted his chin so he was looking up at her. “I promise.”
George merely nodded. Consumed by grief, he excused himself from the room. Samantha made to follow him, but Kieffer gently took her arm. “It’d be best to allow him some time to regain his composure, my love. Men don’t like being seen so vulnerable.”
Nodding, Samantha took a seat as Leticia also excused herself. “I’ll be missed at the hotel.”
“Of course, we’ll have our best carriage take you back,” Tabitha offered.
“I thank you, but I already have King Lysander’s curricle waiting for me,” Leticia replied graciously. “I assure you I’ll be perfectly safe.”
“Very well,” Tabitha replied. “Please accept our condolences.”
Leticia nodded, but didn’t speak.
There was a long pause of silence, followed by Samantha saying, “I’m not sure why you summoned me, Calista. Your message was for George.”
“I knew you had a strong relationship,” Calista explained. “I knew that you could be a shoulder for him to cry on. I do apologize for making you travel under your circumstances.”
“No matter,” Samantha replied.
“I hate to force an unpleasant topic,” Markus interrupted, “but I would like to know what is to be done for George.”
“It is a little complicated,” she began after a moment. “Maeve was consulted as she reads the stars. She is certain that there is a quest for George. I realize that at present it may seem impossible, however he should continue to come to Charming Academy so that he can prepare for that quest.”
“I see,” Markus said. “Do you have any words of comfort we might give him? He loved Eleanor very much.”
“We all did,” Tabitha agreed.
“I’m afraid I have no magic cure for heartbreak,” Calista admitted sadly. “Like all wounds, this must run its course and heal on its own.”

By the time school had started again, everyone at the two schools was aware of what had happened to Eleanor and her family. At mealtimes, the boys did everything they could to keep George’s spirits up. They talked about their classes, the weather, anything to pull him from his melancholy. Every now and again he would be like himself again, but between losing Eleanor and not having Adrian there with his quick humor, the boys were struggling. One evening, he stood and said, “I know it’s probably frustrating, what you’re doing, but thanks. I’m glad I have such good friends.”
“We’re here for you,” Kaelen said.
George nodded and went upstairs to Gelasia’s office. He knocked on the door before entering.
“Well, good evening, George,” she said. “Is it that time again?”
“Yeah, it is.”
“Have a seat.” After George sat, she waited for him to speak. When he remained silent she asked, “How was your day?”
“It was alright, I guess. Long.”
“Describe it to me, dear.”
“I doubt it would be very interesting.” He went through his day, describing each class. “Dragon fighting was terrible. I guess I just don’t understand what the point is of me staying here. Eleanor is gone and no quest will bring her back.”
“You’re right.”
“I beg your pardon?” He hadn’t expected her to agree with him. He’d been expecting a rebuttal.
“There is no quest that can bring Eleanor back, in that aspect you are correct. However,” she continued, “that does not mean that your education here is wasted or unimportant. When things like this happen, there is always another way provided.”
“But, Gelasia, I loved Eleanor, with all my heart,” he countered. “How can I offer the shattered remains to someone else? It wouldn’t be fair to them or to me.”
Patting his hand, she said, “My dear boy, heartache too can heal. Even the deepest and most painful wound can heal. You must simply be open to healing. If you close off your heart, than you will always be a broken man. But, if you can find the strength within yourself to heal than you can find love again.”
“I suppose so. It just hurts so badly.”
“I’m afraid there is nothing I can do to amend that, George. But, the pain won’t last forever.”
They spent another hour in the room talking before George left to return to his own room so he could finish his homework and get ready for bed. When he arrived, he sat on the bed for a while and just thought. The more he thought, the more he hurt. Finally angry and upset, he threw his pillow across the room. Soon he was tearing the bed apart, throwing bedding, pillows, papers, books, anything that reached his hands went flying away until he crumpled on the bed in tears. Queenie came over to him from her box in the corner. A blanket had fallen on her head, waking her from sleep. She nuzzled his hand and began licking it. George looked down and stroked her long ears. “Oh, Queenie, I wish it would just stop.”
Queenie whined, continuing to lick his free hand. She placed a paw on his chest. She wasn’t sure why George was so sad and angry, but she wanted to help him feel better. She was surprised when George put his arms around her and cried. She licked his ears and sat quietly, waiting for him to be ready to let her go. He was her puppy and she would take care of him always.

Winter continued as it had begun and soon glimpses of spring were visible in the grounds of Charming Academy. The boys were busily preparing for their princesses to come, while trying to downplay it so as not to hurt George’s feelings. They knew the constant reminders were painful to him, and so they talked about other things. “I wonder where Adrian is right now,” Jacobi said one afternoon as they sat under their favorite tree.
“Your guess is as good as anyone’s,” Kaelen replied. “I doubt that any of us would know.”
George shook his head. Suddenly he muttered, “Being a prince stinks.”Everyone looked at him in surprise as he continued, “Look at Kaelen, he’s a beast. And Adrian’s heaven-knows-where as a frog. I’ve got no princess and Lucian’s princess hates him.”
“Hey now,” he argued with a teasing note in his voice, “Moira doesn’t hate me anymore.”
“Great, you don’t have any problems,” George retorted. “What’s so great about being Prince Charming anyway?”
“George, I know you’re upset and all,” Kaelen began.
“Do you? Do any of you know what this is like? I’ll never get the happily-ever-after that I was working so hard for because Eleanor is dead. You at least have princesses, well most of you. Kaelen, you’re the only one without a princess, but yours isn’t dead she just thinks you’re scum.”
“Hang on now,” Lucian warned as Kaelen glowered, “there’s no call for that George. We know you’re hurting.”
“Who cares?” George muttered. “None of you get it.”
“Well, Mr. Know-it-all,” Kaelen sneered, “why don’t you try telling us?”
“You’re too dumb to understand anyway.”
Kaelen jumped on George, hitting him dead in the face. Jacobi and Lucian jumped in to pull the two away from each other. “Enough!” Lucian shouted when they finally managed to pry them apart. George was wiping blood from his face and Kaelen was snarling angrily. “We’re princes, not animals. Both of you knock it off.” He glared from one to the other. “Is this going to make either of you feel better? Hurting one another isn’t going to help anyone. Don’t you see that we’re all we’ve got? If we start picking at each other than none of us will succeed. We need each other. George, I’m sorry that Eleanor died, I am, but you’ve got to get over your anger. The three of us here are the only support you’ve got, George. If you alienate us, you’ll be alone. Kaelen, he’s hurt and angry. Breaking him in half isn’t going to solve the problem. Right now, who knows what’s going to happen for any of us? But we need each other.”
Without responding, George left to go to his room.
That evening when he met with Gelasia, he was pretty sure he was in for a talking to. His face was so swollen he could barely open his left eye. “Good evening, George. Might I ask what happened?”
“I’d rather not say,” he replied, blushing.
“Well, I’m afraid that like it or not, I’m not letting you leave until I know what has happened.”
“Would you believe me if I said I walked into a door?”
“I most certainly would not,” she retorted. “Out with it, George, what happened?”
He sighed and proceeded to tell her all that had happened. “I know I shouldn’t have done it. I was just so angry.”
“I suppose I don’t have to say how disappointed I am in your conduct,” she said after a moment. “You know better. However, I also know that sometimes heartache leads to being angry. Did you feel at all better when you snapped at Kaelen?”
“No, if anything I felt worse.”
“Then I’d say you learned the lesson. Forcing our own pain on others does not fix things. It only makes you feel isolated.”
He nodded and the conversation continued, talking about other things. It was a longer meeting than they normally had. He supposed that it was in part because the spring meeting was that Saturday and she wanted to be sure that he was prepared emotionally for the fact that Eleanor would not be there. As they had prepared to wrap things up he asked, “What will I do, Saturday I mean?”
“Well, I suppose you’ll be placed either with Leticia or Allegra. I don’t know for certain, but as their princes are not available, I’m sure you will be with one of them.”
“Leticia doesn’t have a prince,” he said.
“Doesn’t she? I will tell you now, George, that we don’t keep students at these schools if they are missing half of the partnership. The very fact that Leticia is still in school states quite clearly that she does indeed have a prince.”
“So that means Kaelen has a princess? Even though Esmé was expelled?”
“Yes, and so do you; though it is understandably too close to Eleanor’s death for you to be considering who she might be,” she added. “A little secret about life; when one door is closed, another is opened. Anytime there has been such a tragedy at either school, the stars have been consulted. If it is found that the prince or princess in question no longer has a quest, then they are placed in a different school setting so as to still gain the proper education as befitting their rank, but to ensure that they do not befuddle someone else’s quest.”
“What do you mean?” he asked.
“It has happened that people have fallen in love with the wrong person,” she explained. “While they enjoyed happiness, others were left with only heartache and sorrow. There are many quests which were never finished because one party fell in love with someone else.”
“What happens to the other one?” he asked.
“It depends on the nature of the quest. There are some who are instantly returned to the school and they are then taken to home to court or be courted by someone else. Others, however, are stuck until the quest is completed by another. There are cases where quests have never been completed.”
“How awful! Shouldn’t the fairies do something for them?”
“I’m afraid, my dear, that’s not how it works,” she replied. “We do our best to promote for you the match that will make you happiest. It is why we ask your parents so many questions about you and your interests before you even come to our school. However, there is no spell we can place to ensure your love and devotion.”
“But can’t you do anything for them?” he demanded.
“My dear boy. You have so much love for everyone. We only have limited power on these quests. In many cases, we do not even know where they are. We only know that the quest has not been completed because we are not summoned. We don’t have the power to save them.”
George suddenly got a stubborn look on his face. “Gelasia, when I graduate, I’m going to rescue all the princesses who are still out there waiting.”
Slightly amused, she asked, “What? And marry them all too?”
“I’m serious, Gelasia. I can’t marry the others because I already have a princess,” he replied. “Since she is taken from me, I will spend the rest of my life saving the lost and forgotten. No one deserves to be alone forever.”
“You wish to do this, even though it could mean that you are alone forever,” she said, hoping that he would understand what he was offering. “You would travel to every corner of Sanalbereth, searching for the lost princesses.”
“Yes, I would. It’s not fair to be just forgotten. Eleanor wasn’t forgotten, she died. But I won’t let other princesses live out their days in towers or whatever if I can do something to save them. I’ve been paying attention in spell breaking; there are multiple ways to break a spell. It’s not always as simple as kissing the girl.”
“And the princesses whose spells depend upon love’s first kiss? What will you do for them?”
“I’ll find another way,” he replied.
“Hmm,” she said noncommittally. “Well, it’s very late and you should be in bed. Good night, George.”
“You don’t think I can do this, do you?” he asked as he rose.
“George, dear, if anyone in the world could do it, it would be you.”

Saturday came quickly and soon there were princesses milling about the castle looking for their princes. Lucian spied Allegra and went to say hello. She walked away to talk to Clarissa and Jacobi as Moira came up to him. An awkward quietness fell over them and lasted through breakfast. “I don’t think I’ve ever been so happy to see a meal end,” Lucian admitted quietly to Moira as they began their scavenger hunt.
“Me neither. I couldn’t believe how quiet it was.” She paused for a moment before continuing, “I’m sorry, Lucian. It doesn’t seem to matter what any of the rest of us say, Allegra simply won’t forgive you. She’s forgiven the fairies, Adrian, even the witches! I’m not sure why she’s holding out against you.”
“Because it’s easier to blame me, I guess. How’s Leticia doing?”
“She’s holding on. She and Allegra spend a lot of time together. I try to be there as often as I can too and so does Clarissa. It’s just so hard to fill that void. Eleanor always knew just what to say to make anyone feel better. I’ve tried talking to her because I’m at least a twin; I understand some of what that feels like having lost Adrian the way I did. But even that’s not the same; Adrian isn’t dead. Eventually, he’ll come back. Eleanor is gone and there is no bringing her back. How’s George?”
Lucian described in brief the fight George had gotten himself into. “He seems to be doing better since he talked to Gelasia, but you can tell he’s still hurting.”
“I don’t doubt it,” she said. “I can’t imagine what either of them must be feeling right now. I suppose the best we can offer is to be there as much as possible when they need us.”
They continued their search and their time together seemed to fly. It wasn’t long before they’d finished and returned to the group in the dining hall. They weren’t really sure who the first couple was, and didn’t care. With Allegra still ignoring Lucian and Kaelen and George ignoring each other, they anxiously awaited lunch.
“Do you mind if we kind of sit off to ourselves?” Moira asked as they went outside for the luncheon.
“I don’t,” he replied, “But our friends may not appreciate it.”
“Lucian, half of them aren’t speaking to anyone anyways,” she pointed out. “Please, I really want it to just be us.”
“Well, you can tell them,” he said. “I’m not getting myself in any more trouble.”
“Wimp,” she teased. She handed Lucian her plate, walked to the group and told them that they would be sitting elsewhere. Allegra muttered something under her breath and Moira continued, a warning note to her voice, “I’m going to pretend I didn’t hear that. But I will warn you that if you say something like that about your brother again, I’ll ensure that you can’t speak for a week.”
“How do you plan on doing that?” she demanded.
“Now, now, girls,” Clarissa began.
“I don’t know,” Moira interrupted, “but I’ll find a way. Your brother is going out of his way to be nice to you and you’re treating him like garbage. If you want to be mad at someone, be mad at the witch who cursed him.”
“You can’t even begin to understand what this is like.”
“Try me. Do you think I don’t miss Adrian? Do you think Lucian doesn’t miss him? They’re best friends for crying out loud. Why don’t you quit moping and start trying to figure out how you’re going to save him? Or do you plan on just leaving him out there?”
Allegra started to rise from her chair, but was prevented from speaking as a terrifying blast of thunder roared overhead. The once sunny sky had been so quickly overshadowed by storm clouds that no one had noticed them until it was too late. Giant drops of rain began pelting the ground and small hailstones rained upon the party. Girls were screaming and boys shouting as they ran towards the building to get out of the thunderstorm. The fairies were desperately trying to keep order while getting everyone indoors as quickly as possible. Lightning danced about and thunder crashed as the massive group scurried inside. Not a person was dry as the doors finally closed. There was sniffling and crying as people rubbed painful welts from hailstones and girls tried to wring out their hair. Several fairies began bringing warm towels.
When Calista finally got things quiet she said, “I believe our storm was a punishment on the whole group. There must have been bad feelings between many people. Only when there are multiple people in the wrong do the witches perform a mass punishment like this. You know who you are if you are among the guilty. I would suggest that you settle your differences so the ladies can have a pleasant trip home, rather than be hit with more rain and hail. There is as much danger in holding a grudge as there is in picnicking in a storm.”
There was some shuffling about as various people throughout the room made quiet amends. As more people forgave and were forgiven, the storm outside lessened to a gentle rainfall. Allegra looked sullenly at Lucian. “You should have told me. I could have prepared myself for it.”
“I couldn’t Allegra, I’m sorry. But I promise I’ll do everything I can to help you be successful.”
“I’m sorry,” she said at length, falling into Lucian’s arms. “I just miss him so much.”
“I know,” he said, stroking his sister’s hair. “I miss him too.”
Within moments, the sun was shining and birds chirping. Melantha gathered her girls together and prepared them to leave. They would have to forego the luncheon as all the food had been soaked in the storm. Moira smiled at Lucian as she got ready to leave. “While I didn’t appreciate getting rained on, it seems to have done the trick.”
“They do have several centuries experience getting us to see the light,” he teased.
“Well, goodbye, Lucian. I’ll see you at the end of the year.”
“Goodbye, Moira.” He waved as the girls left the castle and headed out to the carriages. Looking outside, Lucian could hardly believe that there had been a storm, though he had several welts and soaked clothing to prove that there had been.
Calista ordered all the boys to their rooms to change into dry clothing. “I’ll have the cook staff make a light luncheon of soup and bread.”

Finals week soon came and Lucian’s last final of the year was in gardening. Lucretia hovered over his shoulder, breathing down his neck as he wrote the answers on his test. He was tempted to ask her to move, but didn’t want to offend the witch. The last thing he wanted was to spend summer vacation lime-green. Over the past few weeks, boys unlucky enough to be punished by her spent several days the awkward color. When he finished the written part of the exam, Lucretia pulled it from his hand so fast that Lucian got a paper cut. “Ouch!”
“Sorry,” she threw over her shoulder. She scanned the test and said, “Well, I suppose that will do, although I know you could have given me more detail here, Lucian. I’m disappointed.” She pouted. “The last part of your final will be identifying four plants out in my garden. You will also show me how to properly removed weeds and pests from the garden. Lastly, you will tell me the proper amount of fertilizer to water for three plants of your choice and demonstrate how they should be applied.”
Gritting his teeth, Lucian got to work. He pointed out moonflax, silverweed, eastern dogwood, and greater snapdragon before getting on his hands and knees and pulling the weeds out of the garden. Lucretia watched him work, smiling to herself as the sun beat down from overhead. He then watered the garden, being sure to verbally explain what he was doing. “There,” he said, standing again.
“Hmm.”
She was silent for a moment and he asked, “Well, did I pass?”
“You’re done. Good day.”
“Did I pass?”
“You’ll see,” she replied in a falsely sweet tone.
Lucian rolled his eyes as soon as the witch couldn’t see him and headed back to the castle. Of all the classes to end on, that was the most disappointing. Even dragon fighting had gone better than that even though he was battling two dragons.
“All done?” Kaelen asked as Lucian plopped into a seat at the table.
“Finally. Ugh, I hope I don’t have that class next year. I don’t think I can stand one more simpering, sugary smile as she says, ‘I am disappointed in you.’ It’s maddening.”
The boys laughed and continued chatting as they ate their supper. The next day would be graduation for the oldest boys and the final meeting with their princesses for the year. Then they would enjoy their last summer before heading out on their quests. Calista made some announcements at the end of the meal and the boys decided, all weary from the long week of tests, to call it an early night.
In the morning, George, Jacobi and Lucian all stopped by Kaelen’s room to talk for a bit. They stayed until Gelasia arrived before going downstairs to meet their princesses. There were also parents starting to arrive. Lucian soon saw Moira and her mother talking to Alexandra and Allegra. He joined them and Allegra said, “We’re going to Lictthane this summer!”
“We’re not going to the seaside this year?” he asked his mother.
“No,” Alexandra replied. “Lavinia and her family have seen how beautiful our land is at this time of year. I thought it’d be nice to get an idea of what Lictthane is like in the summer.”
Soon they were separating for their meetings. Calista welcomed Lysander and Lucian into her office. “Well, another year has passed, Lucian. You are doing incredibly well.”
“Thanks,” he blushed. “Can I ask how I did in gardening?”
She laughed, “I take it Lucretia refused to say?”
“Yeah.”
“Well, I’ll let you look into that when you look at your grades. They will be with your schedule for next year and your supply list,” Calista said. “For now, it’s time to seriously consider your quest. We have but one year left to get you completely prepared. Here is a list of things your teachers have compiled for you to do over the summer. I hope you’ll make time to work in each area. This will be the shortest summer break you’ll have. Come the beginning of August, you will once more be in our classrooms doing your last classes and then you’ll be out making your story come to life. This is an exciting time for you. Make the most of this final year and do enjoy your summer.”
“Is there anything else we should do to help him?” Lysander asked.
“Not for Lucian,” Calista began, “but for Allegra. Both of you have had a very hard year. You’ve each lost best friends; both temporarily and permanently. Take this summer to really spend time together as siblings. You won’t get another opportunity. Help Allegra learn and see what you can learn from her.”
“Okay.”
“And now, if there are no further questions, I will give you your final grades and we’ll meet again in August,” she said, rising from her seat.
“Will we be taking Kaelen this summer?” Lysander asked. “He is, of course, still welcome in our home.”
“I’m really not sure. He’s reaching a difficult point in his transformation and may wish to be alone for the summer. However, I will make you aware of his decision after I have met with him.”
“Very well,” Lysander said. “Thank you.”
Calista nodded and the two headed back downstairs to wait for Alexandra and Allegra. While they were downstairs, Lucian found George and Jacobi. “How’d you guys do?”
“I’ve got a mix,” Jacobi admitted. “Some classes were definitely better than others. But for the most part I did pretty good.”
“A’s and E’s” George replied. “I thought getting an A in dragon fighting to be rather generous. I hate that class so much.”
“I hear you,” Lucian replied as he opened his grade card. His jaw dropped and George started laughing. “E’s across the board I take it?”
“Almost,” Lucian admitted blushing. “I got an A in dragon fighting too. But everything else is an E. Even Lucretia gave me an E. Lucretia who’s constantly disappointed in me. How does that translate to an E?”
“Maybe she gives you bonus points for being cute,” George teased.
 They were interrupted when the sound of shrieking from upstairs drew everyone’s attention. “You’ve lied to us!” a shrill woman’s voice screamed. “I knew I should have taken Anna from that school. Liars!”
“Wait, don’t take Anna from school,” Kaelen’s voice was heard as he came barreling down the stairs after Queen Angelique who was dragging a terrified and sobbing Anna behind her.
“Don’t speak to me, you animal!” she shrieked.
“I’ll go. Don’t punish Anna, it’s not her fault. I lied, I made the mistake.” His voice fell as hurt filled his face and expression. “I was wrong in thinking you could ever learn to love me again. Please, don’t hurt Anna by taking her away from school and the people she cares most about. I’ll leave, I give you my word.”
“The word of a beast!”
“The word of a gentleman. I’ll gather my things and leave this very night. Please, Anna needs to finish school.”
“Angelique,” King Roland began.
“Quiet,” she hissed.
A flash of anger passed over the king’s face and, for the first time in many years, he stood his ground. “No, Angelique. You listen to me. Anna will finish school. Kaelen has given us his word and I believe him.”
“You would. I’ll not have my daughter attending that school.”
“You will.”
Angelique stared at him. “I beg your pardon?”
“I’m still Anna’s father and I am the one responsible for her education,” he continued, his voice becoming stronger with every word. “Anna will finish her schooling at Fair Damsels Academy if I have to write her off as a ward of the school.”
“You wouldn’t dare…”
“Oh wouldn’t I? I’ll not take one more moment of your bitterness and hatred, do you hear me? Not one more word of it. Anna will go to Fair Damsels and Kaelen will be true to his word. I taught him better than to give his word of honor as a falsehood. I will stand by my son and trust him to make the right choice. You will learn your place.”
Angelique’s face turned white and then furious red in a matter of moments. She became aware of the crowd that had gathered and pulled herself together. “Very well, it shall be as you wish,” she hissed. She then grabbed Anna’s hand once again and started pulling her towards the door. “Come, we’re leaving.”
Roland turned to Kaelen and took his large paw. “Kaelen, I’m sorry that it’s had to be this way. When you complete your quest, come home. I know we’ve been awful. But, please, come home.”
Tears filled Kaelen’s eyes. He couldn’t speak, but merely nodded. He heard his mother shout for his father again and watched as Roland followed out of the castle, a new strength in his stride. He began to turn away from everyone when he heard his name. “Kaelen, I need to speak with you,” a strange man said. “We can speak in your room if you wish. I can help you pack.”
Kaelen shrugged, “Alright.” He led the way to his room. Upon entering he said, “Who are you?”
“My name is Maximillion. I’m,” he paused. “I’m your uncle.”
“Uncle?” Kaelen questioned. “I don’t have any uncles. Both of my parents were only children.”
Maximillion shook his head, “No, your father has a brother; me. Your mother didn’t think me worthy of being family.”
“Why?”
“Failure isn’t looked well upon by most people. When I returned from my quest having not only failed it, but having it be completed by a someone with no training, Angelique saw to it that I was no longer welcome in my brother’s house.”
“You were Queen Alexandra’s prince,” Kaelen said, remembering Lucian’s parents’ story.
Maximillion nodded. “I was once. However, I’m not here to discuss my past with you. I’m here about your future. I believe it is time for you to begin life on your own. I spoke with Calista about this during a chance visit when you were first disowned.”
Realization dawned on Kaelen. “You were the family friend who offered me a home.”
“Right again,” Maximillion replied. “I have kept it in order for you. I think now may be the time to move there and begin your quest. I’ve spoken briefly with Calista about when you should move there. We had no idea that Angelique would go snooping about looking for you. I suppose, however, that she would have found out sooner or later.”
“Mother always could smell out a scandal,” Kaelen replied with a mirthless laugh.
“Be that as it may,” Maximillion replied, “let’s visit with Calista and we’ll make the necessary arrangements.”

After the graduation ceremony, Calista gave Kaelen and his friends time to say their goodbyes before the others headed home for the summer. She then oversaw Kaelen and Gelasia packing their belongings. “You’ve known you’d be leaving me for a while now, Gelasia, haven’t you?”
“Yes, my dear,” she replied, taking Calista’s hand. “This is where I am most needed. Between my magic and presence, I can help him adjust to his new home and help him make the final part of this transition as painless as possible.”
Calista cleared her throat, trying to downplay her emotion. “We won’t see you again, will we?”
“Ah, my dear Calista, you know that even when I’m gone, my essence will remain. But I’m afraid that yes, this is goodbye.”
Forgetting her normal reserve, Calista threw her arms around the tiny, frail-looking fairy. “I will miss you terribly.”
Patting her back gently Gelasia said, “And I you. But know that a bit of me shall always remain, right here in your heart.”
“Well, safe journey my dear friend.”
“Goodbye, my dear one. Take care of my students for me.”
Laughing, Calista said, “I always do.”
Calypso had arrived as well to bid farewell. Kaelen walked over to her with the book he’d borrowed. “I found the answers I was looking for. I won’t need this anymore.”
“You found turquoise, I take it,” she replied with a smile, though she didn’t take the book.
Nodding, he explained, “Turquoise is like a gem made of water. It’s supposed to carry healing properties and can cool an angry heart. Amber and turquoise are both considered element gems. Together, their unique properties fuse and double in strength, almost like a tree gets strength from rainwater.”
“Why don’t you keep the book, Kaelen? Consider it a housewarming gift. I’m sure you’ll find a way to use it.” She then walked away.
Kaelen placed it in his bag before turning to Gelasia and Calista. “Are you sure you want to join me, Gelasia? I’ll understand if you want to stay here.”
“I’m quite sure, my dear,” she replied. “You still have many things to learn before you get started on your quest.”
Calista handed him a folded piece of parchment. “Kaelen, normally I wouldn’t give this to you until graduation, however under the circumstances, I will give it to you now. Open it when you have time to really consider your quest. Good luck, Kaelen.”
“Thank you.” He offered Gelasia his arm. “Shall we begin our journey?”
“No time like the present.” She followed Kaelen into the carriage and waved out the window. Just before the carriage began to pull away she imparted a final farewell, “Be joyful and merry for always.”
Wiping a tear from her eye as she waved in return, Calista said, “And you, dear Gelasia.”

Year 6 Chapter 1
Back to Table of Contents

Lucian’s family did spend one week by the sea before traveling to Lictthane. Lucian spent as much time as he could with his sister. Soon, they packed their bags and left. When they arrived, Lavinia met them apologetically. “I know you’ve just arrived, but we received an urgent message from Uncle Sebastian to meet him in Rendorlin.”
“I do hope that everything is alright,” Alexandra said. “We’re already packed; we can leave as soon as you’re ready. Is there anything we can do to help?”
“Thank you,” Lavinia breathed. “We’ve actually spent all morning packing. I believe everyone is packed and ready to go.”
 Because of how much people had grown, Nana declared that it would be too crowded to travel together in one carriage. “And in some ways there is safety in numbers. Having two carriages looks like a larger party,” she added. She, Leticia and Lavinia were going to go in one carriage. “Alexandra, we’d love to have you join us.”
“I couldn’t think of anything better,” Alexandra replied. “Darling, will you ride with the others?”
“Certainly.”
“It’s settled then, enjoy the ride. We’ll stop tonight at the halfway point,” Nana explained. “Then tomorrow we’ll go as far as The Dancing Fairies.”
Waving, the ladies entered their carriage and they waited for Lysander’s carriage to be in the lead. As the journey began, Lucian asked, “So, what do you think Uncle Sebastian wants?”
Moira shrugged. “I’m guessing that there’s some sort of festival that he thinks we should see. I don’t think there’s an emergency. Although, between us, I think he has special feelings for the proprietress at The Dancing Fairies.”
“Really? What makes you think so?”
“Uncle Sebastian has never stayed in one place for so long,” she said. “Mom has said that even when Aunt Isabelle was alive, the two were always out adventuring. Yes, they stayed at the castle as often as needed for running the kingdom, but every summer they would travel to some new, exotic place. Sometimes they traveled in winter as well. When she died, it was like his wanderlust doubled. He stayed around the kingdom only at the very most important of times and as soon as the new king was crowned, he was off. Now, he spends more time in Rendorlin than anywhere else. And he wants desperately to know her name.”
“Why do you think she won’t tell anyone?” Allegra wondered aloud.
“Perhaps she can’t,” Lysander suggested.
“What do you mean?” she asked.
“Wait, George told me that when he met with Gelasia, she said that some quests are never completed,” Lucian recalled. “I remember, because he said he wants save the lost princesses after graduation. Do you think Mother could be a lost princess?”
Lysander shrugged, “It is possible, I suppose. If she is, she certainly can’t tell us.”
“Why not?” Moira asked.
“It’s the way quests work. When a princess disappears as part of her quest, she can’t tell anyone that she’s a princess. So, for example, Moira, if you were to be suddenly transported to a small village in Bordington, you wouldn’t be able to tell any of the people that you were a princess. It’s part of the romance and mystery of questing.”
“Well,” Allegra stated, “I think it would be wonderful if Uncle Sebastian and the proprietress fell in love. Wouldn’t a wedding be the perfect end to summer?”
Soon Allegra and Moira were busily talking about the perfect, summer wedding. Lysander leaned over to Lucian. “I think I’ll take a nap. I want no part of planning someone else’s wedding, particularly when there’s no engagement.”
“Can I take a nap too?” Lucian whispered.
Lysander chuckled and leaned back against the seat, tipping his traveling hat over his face. Lucian thought it vastly unfair that now he was stuck listening to the plans without having someone to talk to. Instead, Lucian spent the trip looking out the window watching the landscape fly past. It didn’t seem long at all before the sun was beginning to set and they pulled into a small town for the evening.
In the morning, Lysander spoke with the innkeeper as to the swiftest route to their destination. “Mark me words,” the older man said, “you’ll be wanting to take caution in traveling these parts. Those ruffians ain’t been caught and they’re gettin’ bolder. Been makin’ attacks during the day too, right under the sun.”
“Has no one been able to catch them?” Lysander asked.
“Not a one o’ them,” the innkeeper replied, shaking his head. “’Tis a bad business. Were only three days ago we were sent to bring in the last victims. All dead, rest their souls.”
Lysander paid the innkeeper for their stay. “Thank you, sir.”
“Safe journey,” he called.
When they reached the carriages, Lysander explained in brief what the innkeeper had told him. “Lucian will go with Alexandra, Lavinia, and Nana. We stay close together at all times. Lucian, if something should happen, you are in charge. If we have a plan of attack, we’re more likely to be successful in a battle. Here,” he added, holding out a sheathed rapier. “Just in case you need it. And take this horn. Use it only if in danger.”
“I will,” Lucian promised.
Lysander instructed the carriage drivers before getting in with Moira and Allegra. Lucian handed his mother, Lavinia and Nana into the carriage before getting in himself. He sincerely hoped that the freshly sharpened rapier would not be needed. As they began their journey, he found himself jumping at the slightest sound.
“Lucian, dear,” Alexandra said after about an hour, “you’re going to wear yourself out, fretting so. Being cautious doesn’t mean exhausting your energies looking for a fight.”
“I’m not being taken off my guard,” Lucian replied stubbornly.
No one was happier than Lucian when they finally arrived at The Dancing Fairies. Mother welcomed them in joyfully. “Come in, come in, all safe and sound I see. Bless you, child! You look asleep on your feet,” she added as Lucian came inside.
“Someone was being very watchful,” Nana explained.
“And right he is too,” Mother said. “I told Sebastian not to send for you.”
“But they needed to be here, Agatha,” he countered as he walked into the parlor.
“That’s not my name,” she laughed as Sebastian hugged everyone.
“I’ll get it one of these times. Come, come, everyone. We have supper waiting for you. That will perk you up in no time. You must tell me everything about your journey.”
“Uncle Sebastian,” Lucian replied, “I doubt you want to hear my report. Because while I can tell you how many bumps there were in the road and how many strange whistles through the trees, I can’t tell you anything at all of what the scenery looked like.”
“Seriously took your role as protector I see,” he laughed. “Well, then the ladies must describe the journey for me.” They enjoyed their supper and soon the group decided to call it an evening. It was late into the night when Sebastian was writing busily in his travel diary. He wrote daily, whether or not he was traveling. A knock on the door interrupted him. “Enter.”
“Someday, dear brother, you must learn to go to bed earlier,” Nana teased.
“Ah, Bethany dear, you know I never will.”
“Indeed I do. So, what was so important that you brought us t here under such dangerous circumstances?”
Sebastian waved a hand, “Bah, it wasn’t dangerous. You had Lysander and Lucian with you.”
“And you think Lucian ready to take on a band of highwaymen?” Nana chided. “He’s a boy.”
“Not anymore, Bethany, he’s a man now. And yes, he’s ready.”
“Man or boy he is still in school,” she insisted. “Grown men with years of experience and training have been defeated by this group. I hope this was not a wasted trip. Lucian was terribly worried.”
“No journey is ever wasted,” he replied. “I have decided to make the proprietress my wife.”
“As happy as I am for you, couldn’t you have written it?”
“My dear sister, this isn’t something you write. I wanted you all to be here. This is something special.”
“So, have you asked her?”
“I can’t if I don’t know her name,” he retorted. “And I will not propose to her as ‘Mother’. I shall discover her name and make her my wife.”
 “Very well, Sebastian, but next time, don’t say it’s urgent. Poor Lavinia was becoming sick thinking something had happened to you.”
“She should know better,” he chuckled. “But I will consider it. Perhaps next time I shall write, ‘of great importance’ instead.”
“That would probably be best.”

In the morning, everyone got ready for a long day outdoors. Allegra, Leticia and Moira laughed with Mother as they packed a picnic lunch. The men were busily preparing the carriage while Lavinia, Nana and Alexandra were packing enough parasols and hats to keep everyone protected from the sun’s rays. They laughed and chatted the entire time they were traveling until they arrived at the fairgrounds. There was joyful clamor about them as they got out of their carriage. Soon they were surrounded by various people wandering about. Men in armor were riding horses, carrying large jousting sticks and shields. The smell of various venders’ wares filled the air with spice and smoke. He offered Moira his arm as they walked. “Make sure you spend some time with Allegra too.”
“I will,” he replied, “don’t worry. For now, I’m going to enjoy some time with my princess. Besides, right now she’s helping Leticia.”
The day progressed and soon they were sitting together in a nearby field enjoying their picnic lunch. “I’ve made up my mind,” Sebastian said, interrupting the conversation they had been having. “I am not leaving this spot until I figure out your name,” he said, turning to Mother.
“Why? You haven’t had any need to know before.” She looked almost nervous.
“I have, I’ve just been playing at it,” he replied. “Rachel?”
“No.” She shook her head sadly, “Sebastian, you can’t spend the day guessing.”
“Rosalind?”
Mother didn’t respond. A mix of emotions played on her face as Sebastian tried name after name. Finally she snapped, “Enough, Sebastian. Enough. Why must you do this??”
“Because I love you and want to be able to call you by your name.”
Mother looked heartbroken and sad. “If you love me, Sebastian, then you’ll find my name. You won’t have to try.” She stood and walked away.
“I do believe you pushed too hard this time, Sebastian,” Nana chided gently.
He did not reply, but rose as well and followed Mother. At length he had to jog to catch up with her. “You know, my dear, I’m not as young as I once was,” he teased as he tried to catch his breath.
“Well, maybe you should have tried calling for me,” she answered. “I’m sorry I snapped.”
“No, I should be sorry. I was being bull-headed and obstinate.”
“I’m fairly sure it won’t be the last time.”
He laughed, “Oh probably not. But I did want to apologize. I was pushing and I ignored that you were hurting.”
“Consider yourself forgiven.” As the rest of the family caught up to where they had stopped they watched Sebastian kneel down in front of Mother. “Sebastian, what are you doing?”
“This is a proposal, my dear; surely you recognize that,” he replied.
Mother blushed. “Sebastian…”
“Marry me. I would happily stay at your inn the rest of my life if you would promise to be mine.”
“Sebastian, you can’t properly propose if you don’t know my name.”
“Well, I just did.”
“It doesn’t work that way.”
Sebastian rose slowly. “Well then, my dear, there’s only one thing I can do.”
“What is that?” she asked suspiciously.
“I’ll have to marry you without your consent, Rowena,” he replied.
Her breath caught. “What did you call me?”
“Rowena. That’s your name, I know it is.”
Laughing through tears, she said, “I haven’t heard my name in so very, very long.”
“Nor have we,” a familiar voice said from behind them.
They were surprised to see Calista, Raphael and Melantha standing nearby. “Rowena,” Melantha said joyfully, “it has been too long.”
“Yes, it has,” she replied, not keeping the pain from her voice. “I’ve been waiting nearly fifty years.”
“And now you’ve been found,” Calista stated. “Do you wish to accept Sebastian’s proposal?”
“Yes, I have every intention of accepting. Oliver hasn’t shown himself in all this time and I doubt he’s missed me.”
“Then we will be in touch with the fairy king and queen and you can begin making your arrangements,” Calista said. “In the meantime we will begin the process of writing your story.”
“No.”
“No?” Raphael repeated. “What do you mean no?”
“Sebastian has already completed his quest and I have been waiting for so long, the story doesn’t really matter to me anymore. Someone is in love with me and I am in love with him. That’s all the story I need. And as far as our wedding, I am not waiting for the king and queen to be available. They are invited, should they wish to attend, but I want a quiet, simple wedding as soon as possible.”
“Very well,” Calista replied. “We will respect your wishes. The story will remain unwritten and you shall have the quiet wedding you desire, if that is also your wish Sebastian.”
“Whatever Rowena wants is what we’ll do,” he said.
She smiled. “Say my name again.”
Sebastian turned to her and held her face in his hands. “Rowena,” he said gently before kissing her; the world forgotten as a princess finally won her happily-ever-after.

True to his word, Sebastian helped Rowena plan a small wedding for the end of summer vacation. Rowena began preparing to sell her small inn so that she and Sebastian could continue his adventures. However when she mentioned the plan to Sebastian, he refused to hear of it. “Absolutely not. We’re keeping the inn. This is where I fell in love with you and this is where we’ll stay when we’re not gallivanting.”
“But darling, we don’t need so much space,” she argued. “Wouldn’t it be more prudent to sell the inn and purchase a cottage in the village?”
“I refuse to budge on the matter, Rowena,” he replied. “Besides, the extra rooms will be a blessing when family comes to call. If anything, I’ll sell my castle in Bordington and we can live out our happily-ever-after right here.”
Laughing she said, “Very well, darling.”
Wedding plans continued and Moira began working feverishly on the gowns for everyone. Lavinia, Alexandra and Nana had insisted on going to town for theirs, but Rowena had asked that Moira design gowns for Allegra, Leticia and Moira as they were to be her bridesmaids as well as her bridal gown. Moira had taken on the challenge with delight.
The village was in a frenzy over their very own secret princess. Many of the oldest members of the village claimed to have known all along. Excitement built as invitations were sent and arrived. Rowena had lived in the village for so long that they had become her family.
As dawn crept over the sleepy village the morning of the wedding, The Dancing Fairies was a beehive of activity. A part of the fairgrounds had been made available for the wedding and they spent much of the morning setting up seats, putting together a large wooden trellis and dangling plants about it. As Sebastian and the girls noticed how easily the plants moved for Lucian, they left him to finish. He continued to try to weave the vines of flowers through the small trellis openings. Though he had noticed that the vines would often seem to do it themselves, he wanted it to look perfect. As though reading his thoughts, parts of the vine that had been bare suddenly bloomed with flowers. “I don’t know who is responsible for this,” he mumbled as he stood up, “but I’m glad the plants are cooperating for me.”
“Oh Lucian,” Moira breathed as she came over with ribbons and thin strips of tulle, “it’s so lovely. How did you do it?”
“I wish I could say. Here, let me help you with those.”
“Alright, but I’m not sure where to put these. There’s not really a lot of room between the flowers. I don’t remember it having been so full before. You must have a magic touch.” The two worked side by side for a while and Moira suddenly said, “Lucian, can we have a garden?”
“What do you mean?” he asked.
“I mean when you rescue me and we get married and have our own place. I’d like to have a garden. You have such a way with plants. Everything you touch becomes so beautiful. Please plant me a garden,” she added, batting her eyelashes and smiling.
He laughed, “Very well, Moira, we’ll have a garden. You tell me what you want, and I’ll make it your very own paradise.”
“I’ll take anything you give me.”
For a while, Lucian just looked back at her. Her smile was so inviting and her eyes so mesmerizing. Sebastian noticed them. “Well, now, you two have certainly been busy.”
The moment broken, Moira blushed and said, “Yeah, um, I need to go get dressed.”
“You do that,” Sebastian replied. “I’m going to stay here and help Lucian finish.” As soon as she was out of earshot, he turned to Lucian. “Be careful with the mooneyes,” he warned gently. “Kissing isn’t allowed for you yet.”
“Why not? Maybe she won’t have a spell that depends on love’s first kiss.”
“Are you willing to take that chance?”
Lucian sighed, “No, I guess not. She’s just so…”
“I know,” Sebastian said with a chuckle. “Believe me, my boy; I’ve been in your shoes. My first wife, Isabelle, was a gloriously beautiful creature. But, had I kissed her before my quest, she would have been stuck as a green-skinned, seaweed-headed mermaid for life. Somehow I don’t think that’s what you want for Moira. Keep that in mind when your heart runs away with your head.” He winked and walked away to another area.
As the sun reached its pinnacle, the group busily readied for the ceremony. Moira, Leticia and Allegra had already changed and were helping Rowena get into her gown. Lucian and Lysander were standing with Sebastian, waiting for the ladies to arrive. A local minister was there to perform the ceremony. Soon music filled the air from a small band borrowed from the fair. Alexandra and Lavinia welcomed guests as they arrived and helped them to their seats. Soon everyone was seated and Lucian took his place off to the side holding the rings. The doors of the tent Rowena had changed in slowly opened and the three girls stepped out, taking their walk down the aisle before standing to the opposite of where Lucian was. Rowena then appeared. She looked stunning in a pastel blue gown. Her brown eyes sparkled and her silver-white hair had been woven with flowers and ribbons. She was carrying a large bouquet of summer flowers and her face was radiant with joy. When she reached her place, Sebastian took her hand. “You are breathtaking, my love.”
She smiled and the ceremony began. Lucian’s thoughts kept straying from the wedding he was currently in, to the one he would be the groom in. His eyes flitted to Moira at moments he thought she wasn’t looking. She was everything to him, his world. As soon as he finished his quest, they could be married like this. He hoped that it would be summertime or maybe spring. They could be married on the seashore surrounded by the calls of gulls and the sound of crashing waves. Yes, a summer wedding at the beach would be perfect.
His thoughts were interrupted by a cheer as Sebastian gently kissed his new bride. They both seemed younger almost, as though any cares they’d had were suddenly wiped away. The music began again and Sebastian led Rowena to the nearby field which had been cleared for dancing. They began their first dance together and were soon joined by many other couples. “Shall we?” Lucian asked Moira.
She smiled, “There’s music. Why not?”
Moira leaned against him for a moment as they danced. She looked up and said, “Am I the only one terrified that this is our last year at school?”
“No. It’s scary to think about.”
“Yeah.” She looked concerned for a moment. “Lucian, promise me you won’t give up, no matter how hard the quest is. Don’t make me wait fifty years.”
“I won’t make you wait that long,” he assured her. “I promise.”
“Good, because if you do; I won’t be as forgiving as Rowena.”
He laughed, “No, Moira, I don’t expect you would be.”
The celebration continued late into the evening and even after nightfall. Lucian enjoyed the time with his princess and with Allegra. He made sure to spend time with each of them because in the morning, he would be returning to school once again.

Year 6 Chapter 2
Back to Table of Contents

As the school year began, the boys shared one class together; heraldry. On the first day, Stefanos began, “I know for those of you who have had me multiple times, it must seem very strange for me to do a lecture all day, but there are many things about heraldry that are very important for you to understand. First of all, you need to know that your coat of arms will be designed by you. We will use the school coat of arms as an example and then we will discuss the symbolism and terms used in heraldry. Before I begin, please take out paper and pen to take notes.”
He pulled out a chalkboard and pointed his wand at it as the students obeyed his request. Chalk jumped to life and the image of a coat of arms appeared. “This is the Charming Academy coat of arms. I shall describe it using the heraldic terms that you will need to be familiar with in this class. You would do well to write the description down as there will be a quiz later.” There was some groaning. “As you can see, we have two supporters, the azure unicorn rampart and the purpure dragon rampart. The shield is vert with the following charges: argent crossed swords and below that or palm leaves.”
“Those are palm leaves?” Jacobi whispered. “They look like feathers.”
Lucian nodded as Stefanos continued, “Each color and charge has meaning and symbolism. Azure or blue, as found in the unicorn, stands for loyalty while the unicorn itself is virtue and courage. Purpure, purple, stands for royalty; the dragon is a symbol of valor. The swords stand for justice; argent, the word for silver, sincerity. The palm is victory, and royal honor while the color or, gold, stands for generosity. The vert, green, of the shield stands for hope and loyalty to your love. The decision to use these particular symbols and colors is simple; these are the traits we expect our students to have. In using this as our coat of arms, we are reminded of the tasks ahead of us and the traits that we desire.”
After class was over, the boys left the room more confused than they had been before. “You know, if this class is reserved for your final year,” Lucian said slowly, “how will Adrian and Kaelen take it?”
“They already have,” Stefanos said behind them, startling them. “The witches suggested that they take heraldry last year. Turns out they were right as usual.”
As the day progressed, Lucian didn’t think much more about the heraldry class. He was too busy trying to figure out the knots Achilles was teaching him. “A fine sailor you’d make,” Achilles grumbled. “When you tie a knot, it is important to make it tight. Just making a mess out of the rope will get someone killed.”
“Sorry, Achilles,” Lucian said. “I am trying.”
“Well quit trying and start doing.”
Lucian scowled. When Achilles thrust the rope back at him, he started the knot again. Like I’m ever really going to use this, Lucian thought. The more frustrated he felt, the worse the knot looked until he was stuck with the same tangled mess he’d had before. “This isn’t working at all. Can’t I work on something else? Signal flags? Rescue swimming?”
“You’re not leaving this room until you get that knot done right,” Achilles replied.
“Achilles,” a feminine voice chided from the doorway, “just because you’re having a bad day doesn’t mean you can take it out on everyone else.”
“Hi Tallia,” Lucian said as she entered the room.
“Hello, Lucian. Let me help you with that.” She waved her wand and the rope straightened out. “As for you,” she continued, turning on Achilles, “I don’t want one more boy coming to my office telling me that you’ve bitten their head off.” Despite being short for a fairy, Tallia seemed to grow as Achilles glared at the floor. “Your mother chose to leave for a purpose we can’t fully comprehend. It was her choice. No one forced her, no one coerced her. She chose to go with Kaelen because she felt that he needed her. Quit pouting and start doing your job.”
“How would you feel?”
Her eyes narrowed and sparks flew from her wand. “You forget, Achilles, my parents are already gone. I’ve been on my own for quite some time.”
Feeling incredibly awkward Lucian squeaked, “Is class over?”
“No.”
“Yes.”
There was a glaring contest between Achilles and Tallia until sighing, he said, “Yes, Lucian, class is over. You’d best do better next time.”
Not waiting for even a second longer, Lucian walked as quickly as he could from the room. Because he wasn’t watching where he was going, he ran headlong into George.
“Ouch! Hey, Lucian, so nice to bump into you again,” he teased.
“Sorry, I wanted to get away from the fireworks,” Lucian replied.
“Tallia and Achilles again?”
“Yeah.” He briefly described what had gone on.
George whistled. “I guess I can understand where Achilles is coming from. I mean, if my mother just up and left I’d be pretty ticked off too. But I didn’t know that Tallia’s parents were both gone.”
“I guess even fairies die eventually.”
“It’s not precisely dying, as I understand it. They turn to magic fairy dust which acts almost like a fertilizer wherever it lands. Everything grows beautifully with flowers and bushes. Stories say that there’s one specific flower that grows right at the heart of it and is like the fairy’s essence. That flower never fades and never dies, but blooms forever.”
“Where did you learn that?” Lucian asked.
“I was doing a lot of research this summer and I came across it,” George shrugged.” I’m trying to find out as much as I can before graduation.”
The weeks continued and Lucian and Jacobi would sit out under the tree on sunny afternoons with George, helping him piece together the quests he was trying to complete. “You know, George,” Jacobi teased one afternoon as they took a break, “you’re going to get way more stories than the rest of us.”
George shrugged, “I doubt these princesses want a story that ends ‘And Prince Charming rode off into the sunset after the next princess on his list.’ I mean, it’s not necessarily a happy ending for the princess. And some may not even be there anymore. I just don’t know. There’s little to work with.”
“What are you going to do if you actually fall in love with one of them?” Lucian asked.
“Then I’ll marry her and we’ll ride off into the sunset after the lost princesses,” George retorted. “I’ve made up my mind. If it takes my whole life, I’m going to find all these lost princesses.”
Lucian couldn’t help but laugh. “I can see the end of your story now: ‘Prince Charming and his lovely bride rode out under the moonlit skies in search of the forgotten, the lost and the lonely. And they traveled happily ever after.”
George cracked a grin. “Okay, so maybe it’s a stretch, but really I think it’s terrible that they’re just left out there.”

In the morning Lucian went to double fencing with George. This was his long day between double fencing, double dragon fighting and double botany. The only class that wasn’t doubled was spellbreaking.
“Good morning, lads,” Raphael said as they entered.
“Good morning, Raphael.”
“We’re going to have a challenge this morning,” he began. “You’ve both gotten good at fighting a single person double handed. In fact, you’ve come along much faster than anyone I’ve ever taught before. Today we will be fighting as a trio. You will have to be on constant guard, paying attention to every detail in both opponents. I assure you that this is no easy task. We will pace ourselves today and work our way from there.
 “Now, in fighting amongst three, it is especially important to be aware of your footwork. It’s like dancing, you must count, watch and be ready to strike at any moment. When in such a match you cannot afford to miss opportunities; it can be the difference between victory and defeat. And now, get your equipment and join me on the mat.”
“Why do I get the feeling we’re in for a beating?” Lucian muttered.
“Because we are,” George retorted.
When class was over, the two glumly walked down the hall to dragon fighting. Draconus and his mother were talking about something in dragon. As soon as she saw the boys, the older dragon narrowed her eyes at them, smoke curling up from her nostrils.
“Oh, is it that time again?” Draconus asked languidly.
“Quit wasting time, Draconus,” Vulcan barked. “We’ve got a schedule to keep.”
“Oh, in that case, the short one will be a good victim to begin with.”
George rolled his eyes as he put on his armor and grabbed his sword and shield. The battle lasted longer than most. The older dragon was tired and it showed as George got strike after strike with no rebuttal. Soon, Draconus started working around the older dragon, snapping and breathing fire to block George’s attacks. In a sudden blur of movement, George thrust his sword between Draconus body and arm. “You’re out.”
Draconus glared and the older dragon roared in fury. As though the defeat had brought on new strength, she charged George, snapping at him as he jumped out of the way. Instead of the fight slowing down, it became even more rapid. Snaking her tail around the room, she swept George off the ground and began hissing in an old form of dragon that he had difficulty deciphering. But he could make the gist of it: if he didn’t do something he was going to be lunch. As her tail loosened to drop him, he slid down it before jumping on her neck and shoving his sword in the fake kill zone. She screamed and snapped at him once more.
Draconus muttered something in dragon and she backed off, still hissing angrily. “You’re lucky to be alive, George. The first rule in fighting against two dragons is to take out the female first. Often she is the mother and as you saw, will become twice as ferocious if her baby is killed.”
“And yet, I managed to get her anyway,” George retorted. “Maybe you both should quit looking at yourselves as invincible.”
“We’re far less frail than you are.”
“Maybe being frail isn’t so bad.”
“Enough,” Vulcan cut in. “Lucian, your turn.”
George turned on his heel and went back to his seat. He took off his armor and sat watching Lucian take his hand at it. He felt bad; the older dragon was now fighting with twice the energy. But no one was as surprised as Lucian was when she suddenly snapped down, taking him in her mouth.
“Andromeda, you drop him this instant,” Vulcan shouted. “Draconus, tell her to drop him, she’ll kill him.”
“That is the general idea,” Draconus drawled.
“Now, Draconus! Or I’ll turn you into the largest leather coat the world has ever seen.”
“Oh very well.” But Andromeda suddenly screamed and opened her mouth, hissing and bleeding. Lucian had slashed through it and was now falling towards the ground, covered in steaming saliva. Vulcan used his wand to slow Lucian’s fall, thinking that he was unconscious. Taking advantage of the levitating feeling, he put his sword through the fake kill zone on Andromeda before turning on Draconus. It all happened so fast that for a while Draconus didn’t even react. “What?!” he roared. “You should be dead.”
“Well I’m not dead, no thanks to you. You know, George is right. The sooner you two imbeciles get it through your heads that you’re not invincible and this is a classroom, not reality, the better. Vulcan, with your permission, I’m going to Tallia. I’ve got a nasty bite on my leg.”
“I’ll go with him,” George offered.
“Please do,” Vulcan replied, his eyes aglow with anger. “I’ll deal with the dragons.”
When they arrived at the infirmary, they found Achilles and Tallia talking quietly at her desk. “Sorry to intrude, but I’ve got a bite and I’m really not feeling so well,” he said weakly before slumping onto the ground.
“Oh not again.” Tallia jumped up from her desk and used her wand to lift Lucian to an empty bed. “I’ve told Vulcan a thousand times to get rid of Andromeda. That old bat always tries to eat someone. George, how long was he in her mouth?”
“Maybe a minute, is he alright?” George demanded.
Tallia’s eyebrows furrowed, “I don’t know yet. Dragon saliva is highly venomous. Most grown men won’t survive more than five minutes after exposure. Achilles, quickly, the antivenin on the third shelf, grey bottle.
“George, I need you to tell me everything that happened,” Tallia continued. “It’s a miracle the boy could walk at all. I suppose it was the adrenaline rush.”
Taking a deep breath to keep from panicking, George described the fight as best he could. He tried to remember each detail as Tallia rubbed the antivenin over Lucian’s body and Achilles washed the bite.
Vulcan walked in and Tallia snapped, “Get out of here before I put you in the bed next to him.”
Doing as he was told, Vulcan left the room. After several minutes, Lucian slowly started to come to. “What happened?” he asked, his voice strained and his breathing shallow.
“You nearly died,” Tallia retorted. “How are you? Can you feel your toes? How old are you?”
Lucian smiled slightly, “Which question would you like me to answer first?”
She took a deep breath, “I’m sorry Lucian. Are you feeling alright?”
“I feel kind of tingly all over, almost like my whole body fell asleep. And I’m eighteen.”
Laughing in relief, she said, “Yes, I know. Alright, that’s the antivenin taking effect. I think you’ll be alright, but I’m keeping you overnight so I can watch you. I’m going to apologize to Vulcan; I shouldn’t have bitten his head off like that. You stay here and rest, Achilles will send notes to all of your teachers. George, I’ve got it from here. You can go; thanks for your help.”
“Sure.” He waved to Lucian before leaving the room.
Tallia walked to the arena classroom where Vulcan was standing with Calista near the large, violet carcass of a dead dragon. “I believe the boys have had enough experience,” Calista was saying as she walked down. “Tallia, how is he?”
“He’ll live,” she replied. “I came to apologize, Vulcan.”
“No need to,” he said. “I should have listened years ago.”
“How did she die?” Tallia asked, looking at the thick pool of blood about the dragon’s mouth.
“Ironically enough, she was poisoned by her own venom,” Vulcan replied. “Had Lucian cut her anywhere else, she would have healed easily. But having venom leaking into her bloodstream at that rate and at her age, she didn’t stand a chance. It’ll take the whole staff to lift her out of here.”
“I’ll speak to the Sisters and see if they’ll take care of her for us,” Calista suggested. “I’m sure there are parts that they can use in their magic.”
“You do realize that by defeating her, Lucian has won her trove,” Vulcan added.
“But she was a school dragon. She didn’t have a trove.”
“Calista, all dragons have a trove,” he said, as though this was something obvious. “Even Draconus has a trove down in his cave. He just keeps it hidden away out of sight. Andromeda was less secretive. Hers takes up the bulk of her part of the cavern under the school. It’s now Lucian’s.”
“We can discuss that later,” she replied, rubbing her temples. “For now we should make sure that Lucian is okay and prepare for the meeting with the princesses.”

The next morning as princesses filtered into the school, Moira and Allegra found Lucian standing next to George, his leg bandaged and holding crutches. “Lucian! What happened?” Allegra asked.
“I got on the wrong side of a mother dragon,” he replied. “But don’t worry; I should be fine in a few days.”
“More like a week or so,” George corrected.
“Well, how are you going to ride your horse today?” Moira asked.
“We’re not going to be riding,” Lucian replied. “Calista and Phillipa have arranged for us to take one of the school phaetons to enjoy the woods in today.”
“Do you know how to drive?” she teased.
“As a matter of fact, I do,” he retorted.
George escorted Leticia and Allegra out to their horses while Lucian led Moira to the phaeton. As Lucian clicked his tongue to get the horses going, Moira said, “So, you didn’t mention anything about a dragon in your last letter.”
“That’s because it happened yesterday,” he replied. “There wasn’t time to write you a letter.”
“Would you have, if you’d had the time?”
Lucian turned to her briefly, before turning back to watch the horses. “Yes. You said you wanted to know what was going on.”
She nodded. “I did. So, how bad was it, really? Don’t just say it’s nothing because I won’t believe you. You’re red all over like you’ve got a bad sunburn.”
“Not sunburn, scalds.”
As he hesitated, Moira added, “I’ll just ask George if you don’t tell me yourself.”
“Oh alright; it was bad. I wasn’t just bitten; I was trapped inside for about a minute. So, I slashed through her mouth, yelled at the other dragon and then went to the infirmary and blacked out. I guess dragon saliva is really toxic.”
“You almost died, didn’t you?”
“No, not really. The dragon’s dead and now I’ve got a huge treasure trove under the school.”
“What are you going to do with it?”
“I have no idea. I tried telling them to give it to Draconus, but apparently that will offend him, so I told them to keep it and they said they couldn’t. Maybe I’ll give everyone really big birthday presents this year.”
Moira laughed. “Why not donate it to a museum or something? I’m sure there’s got to be someplace that will take it.”
“Yeah, maybe. I’m just not going to worry about it. It’s not all that important to me.”
They rode together in silence for a while, enjoying the beauty of the fall foliage and the stillness of the glade. Soon they had reached the end of the woods and Lucian handed her out of the phaeton so they could join their friends at the picnic. Jacobi and Clarissa were sitting together while George sat next to Leticia and Allegra. “It’s so nice being here together,” Clarissa said. “I wish these days would go on forever.”
“It would sure be nice,” George admitted. “I enjoy the company.”
Lucian added, “It’s so nice out today. I think this is the most pleasant fall meeting we’ve ever had.”
“It is lovely,” Moira agreed.
All too soon they were saying goodbye. “Keep writing to me,” Moira said as they prepared to leave. “You do write beautifully, even if you don’t think so.”
“Don’t say that too loudly,” he teased. “Airlia will have me writing sonnets again.”
She laughed, “I don’t know; that might be a good idea.”
“I’m sure it’s not. Enjoy the rest of your semester.”
“I’ll see you in December,” she returned as he gently kissed her hand. “Goodbye.”
“Goodbye.”

Year 6 Chapter 3
Back to Table of Contents

Fall soon progressed into winter and the boys spent a lot of time indoors. Homework was almost always done in the common room with their hounds sitting nearby. Lucian was surprised to receive a letter from Gelasia one evening that he was to share with the group.
My Dear Young Friends,
I wished to write to you to inform you that Kaelen’s transformation is nearing completion and I fear it has been very difficult on him. I would ask that you each make an effort to write him at least one letter about your friendships. You are his greatest support group and to be cut off from you has deeply wounded him. I will use what magic I have to protect these letters from his claws, but as I age, I weaken; my magic will likely be a temporary fix.
I do hope that you are all well. You have come so far since I first met you. Each of you is a true gentleman. Do not forget your friendships. It is friendship that makes us successful more than any other asset we are given.
Again, please write to Kaelen. The transformation is difficult and at times painful. Give him hope and encouragement. He needs it.
Thank you and may the sun always shine upon you.
With Much Love,
Gelasia Stardust
“She sure knows how to make you feel guilty,” George said when Lucian folded the letter. “I hadn’t even thought of writing to Kaelen.”
“I didn’t either,” Jacobi admitted.
“Well,” Lucian said, grabbing paper and pens, “I suppose there’s no time like the present.”
Each sat down at a desk and began writing. Lucian looked into the warm fire dancing in the hearth as he wrote:
Dear Kaelen,
I know what you are going through must be challenging. We’re all rooting for you here at Charming Academy. The winter snows are beginning to fall and it sparkles under the sunlight. Don’t forget your quest. You can be successful, I have no doubts. If you ever have need of me, send for me and I will find you. You are one of my best friends and I will gladly do all I can to help.
Anyway, I’ve got to be getting back to my homework. Write anytime you need something and I’ll be sure to respond.
Your Friend,
Lucian
After writing the letter to Kaelen, Lucian opened up his spellbreaking book. One of the other students in the class had made a smart remark to Calypso and as punishment they were all reading chapters three through six, a one hundred-fifty pages. Many had wanted to strangle him, but said nothing about it. They all knew that Calypso would simply add to their assignment. Lucian decided that sometimes getting a curse was better than yet another essay or reading assignment.

As the winter progressed, the boys prepared for their winter finals. Most of their free time was spent studying rather than researching the lost princesses. Anytime they were brought up George would shake his head. “We’ll go back to them when spring semester begins. I can’t rescue anyone if I fail my classes.”
Finals flew past as they always seemed to do. Lucian was glad the semester was finally over and nervous too. It suddenly occurred to him that the year was half-gone already and he still didn’t feel like he was ready for a quest. As the princesses arrived for the meeting, he didn’t allow his feelings to show. Instead, he pinned his new medals to his jacket and walked downstairs with a smile on his face.
“Lucian,” Allegra said with a smile as he came down the stairs, “we were beginning to think you’d gotten lost.”
“I see your leg has healed,” Moira added as she came over.
For a moment Lucian couldn’t respond. Moira was stunning in a blue dress that was almost purple. She was wearing the necklace he’d given her and it sparkled bewitchingly in the soft light of the chandelier. Her hair was up in an elegant knot with ringlets surrounding her face. She looked at him and he said lamely, “Uh, yeah, it healed.”
Laughing she asked, “Do you like the new dress?”
Trying to regain some composure, he cleared his throat. “It’s really nice, Moira. I can’t think of a time you looked lovelier.” And he meant it. Six years ago she was a sullen, plain girl with little to like. Now, she was the most beautiful young woman he knew.
She smiled, as though she’d been able to glimpse Lucian’s thoughts. He blushed as she said, “Thank you. Shall we join everyone else for breakfast?”
“Yeah, that would be good.” He shook his head while walking with Moira into the dining hall. He was acting like a love-sick puppy. I am a love-sick puppy, he thought to himself as he watched Moira sit down at the table and give him a brilliant smile. Everyone laughed as they enjoyed their meal together. Once finished, they headed to the gym which was once more an enchanting winter wonderland with snow encrusted pine trees and warm fires burning in magical hearths. The group of friends decided, like the last year, that they would stay at one of the hearths and just chat. It was hard to really break into pairs because they had an uneven number. At one point Moira leaned over to Lucian and asked, “Would you like to go play a game of chess with me?”
“You’ll win!”
“Well, yeah, but it will be fun anyway. I promise to not win in five minutes like last time.”
Still laughing, he agreed, “Alright, I get the hint. We’ll see you all a little later.” He followed her to a table with a chess board set up on it. They sat down and started playing, silently at first. After a few minutes, Lucian said, “So, why did you want to be on our own?”
“Just wanted some time alone. I like being with everyone else, but we really only have two more days after this to be together at all. I want to enjoy some time with you.” They were quiet again as they played. “Checkmate.”
“Hey, I thought you said you weren’t going to win so fast this time.”
“I said I wouldn’t win in five minutes. It’s been at least ten.”
“I don’t know why I bother playing that with you,” he said as Moira set the pieces up again.
“Well, we can go play fairy stones now if you’d prefer,” she suggested.
“That one I’ll at least stand a fighting chance at winning,” he retorted.
They continued to go from game to game until it was time for luncheon. Several parents had arrived and were waiting for their children in the foyer. Lucian soon saw his parents and he and Allegra went over to talk to them as they waited for their meetings. There wasn’t much of a wait before Lucian and Lysander were called into Calista’s office. “Well, Lucian, time has flown. It seems only yesterday you were a timid boy walking through those doors for the first time. But you’re not a boy anymore. King Lysander, Lucian’s final meeting with me will be private so that we can go over some of the particulars of his quest.”
“I understand,” Lysander replied.
“Lucian, your grades this semester are superb. Morghana was very impressed with your final in healing. Considering we both know how picky she is, I hope you will take that as a compliment.” He nodded and she continued, “Vulcan says that Draconus is still mourning his mother’s death, but that you have been doing very well with the lectures and written assignments.”
“Do you have any idea when we’ll actually be fighting in that class again?” he asked.
“I don’t. Dragons are very proud creatures, Draconus in particular. He is not going to forgive you easily, if ever. Between us, I don’t think he’s actually mourning at all. I believe he’s realized his vulnerability and is distancing himself from it. If needed, I will have a discussion with Draconus about the class. As far as your other classes are concerned, nothing but positives from everyone. Lysander, do you have any concerns or comments?”
“No, I don’t believe I do,” Lysander replied. “It sounds as though Lucian is doing very well.”
“Indeed he is,” Calista agreed. “I’ve rarely had the pleasure of having so many gifted and generous boys in one class. Lucian is certainly a light in our school and we’ll miss him very much when the time comes for graduation.”
Lucian blushed at the praise. “Thanks.”
“Do have a wonderful winter break and I’ll see you in January.”
They left her office and went downstairs to the dining hall to wait for everyone else. Soon they were joined by Moira and Lavinia.
Supper was soon ready and the friends sat together and enjoyed their meal. As they were eating, Allegra asked, “How are Uncle Sebastian and Aunt Rowena?”
“Just fine. They are currently up north near Greyshores,” Lavinia replied. “Rowena grew up there and missed the province of her birth. Naturally Uncle Sebastian decided that meant they needed to go on a trip. The last letter I received, they were both doing very well.”
Laughter and light-hearted chatter filled the air about them as the meal progressed. Soon Calista and Melantha were dismissing the youngest students and the dining hall was being transformed into a ballroom. As lightly fluttering, magical snow fell silently about, seeming to dance around the music floating in the air, Lucian led Moira out to the dance floor. He spun her gently before holding her close. The music and atmosphere of the room was enchanting and his princess beautiful. It was a perfect moment and he wished it could go on. For a long time, neither spoke as they swayed with the music. Moira leaned against Lucian, listening to the deep, but gentle sound of him humming with the music.
“You have a nice voice,” she said after a while.
“Not really,” he replied, grinning. “I just don’t know how to stay quiet.”
“Well, I think you sound nice,” she retorted, returning his smile. They were quiet again for while and she thought, Why can’t nights like these last forever?
The music ended and Lucian led Moira back to her seat. He then took Allegra out while he watched Jacobi and Clarissa attempt a simple waltz. He chuckled, “I guess some things never change.”
“No, I suppose they don’t.” She frowned for a moment.
“What’s the matter?” Lucian asked.
“He’s been gone a full year now,” Allegra replied, a mist of tears in her eyes. “I miss him so much, Lucian. His last words to me were that he loved me, but I never told him. Does he know how much I love and miss him?”
He pulled her into a hug. “I’m sure he knows. How could he not? You showed it every day.”
She nodded, but didn’t speak. Even though the song had not yet finished, Lucian led her back to where their parents were standing. She threw herself into Lysander’s arms and just cried. Alexandra stroked her hair, soothing her cares with reassurances that all would be well as Lysander held her. When he had a moment, Lucian went to Moira and said, “I think we’re going to go ahead and go. Allegra’s…”
“She needs rest,” Moira finished for him. “Have a good break.”
“You too,” he replied and followed his family out of the ballroom. He was disappointed to leave early, but knew that his sister needed him. It was a long time before anyone went to sleep. Allegra was very upset and it took a long time to console her. When he finally was able to go to his room to sleep, Lucian felt not just physically tired, but also emotionally. It was hard to watch his sister feel so much pain and be so powerless to do anything for her. After a long while of lying silently on his bed, Lucian finally began to drift to sleep.

The day after arriving in Maltisten, the family spent together in the parlor, talking about the things that had happened and how the semester had gone for the two children. Allegra described her new classes in great detail. “Calypso comes and teaches me spell breaking. Lucian, you were so much more interesting. All she does is have me read out of boring, long books. The worst of it is that I’m in the class by myself, so there’s not anyone else in the class to answer her questions. It’s always me and if I don’t give just the right answer I get huge essays and reading assignments.”
“Trust me, it’s not much better in a full class,” Lucian replied. “She gives out those assignments if there’s anyone not paying attention.”
“Well, then there’s the water life studies, which is really weird and I have no idea how that’s supposed to help me,” Allegra continued. “It’s taught by this ancient fairy, Zinnia Toadstool, and she’s obsessed with frogs.” Shuddering she said, “It’s really creepy. But the good thing is I’m still in dressage. Augusta is helping me come up with the program for the summer dressage finals. It’s a shame you’ll miss it, Lucian.”
“Why would I miss it?” Lucian asked.
“You’ll be on your quest then, dear,” Alexandra pointed out.
“Oh and I’m also still in glassblowing,” Allegra added before Lucian had time to really dwell on the fact his mother had presented. “Rhianna has me working on making spheres infusing metal in glass. It’s really challenging, but I’m enjoying it. So far I’ve only managed to do it twice. The others have had some pretty major flaws. I think I like the first one I did best though. It’s a clear glass with tiny gold strips infused into it, so it looks like a shower of gold inside. It’s really beautiful. She won’t let me bring it home until the end of the school year though.”
The family continued to chat and laugh late into the evening, while the butler brought in trays of goodies for them to enjoy by the fireside. Lysander often stood to stoke the fire and add more pieces of wood. When Cook finally could not take it any longer, she walked into the parlor. “You can’t survive on toast and cakes alone,” she said with her hands on her hips. “Come to the dining room for a real supper.”
Laughing, Alexandra said, “Alright, Cook, we’re coming.”
They walked together to the dining room and sat around the table, continuing their conversation. They enjoyed the peaceful time together, talking and laughing about anything that came to mind. Lucian hadn’t really thought of it much before, but he really did have a wonderful family. He hoped that when he finished his quest and he and Moira started a family of their own that they would have nights like this; nights of talking late and laughing often. He couldn’t think of a better way to spend life.

Year 6 Chapter 4
Back to Table of Contents

 School began and Lucian fell back into the regular routine. Now that their winter finals were behind them, the boys went back to researching the lost princesses with George. It was a difficult process because there was so little information to go on. Lucian was scanning a fairly recent book about lost princesses when he said, “You know George, some of these princesses have been out for so long; how do we know they haven’t left on their own and found someone else to love?”
“We don’t,” he replied. “But I’m going to look for them anyway. Gelasia said that some of them return to the school, and somewhere there must be a record of them.”
“Isn’t it more likely that a list like that would be kept at Fair Damsels?” Jacobi asked.
George frowned. “Probably, but how would we get something from over there?”
“Well, that’s easy enough,” Lucian replied. “I’ll write to Allegra and ask her what she can dig up. Maybe that will help us find some answers.”
“That could work,” George admitted.
Lucian wrote a short letter and then the boys continued to do their research until it was time for bed. For the next few days they didn’t have much time to work on it as the fairies piled on more and more homework. But the break was long enough for Lucian to get a response from Allegra.
Dear Lucian,
Classes have been going well. I went to our library to look for things about the lost princesses and was able to find a journal-like book that has been kept for about the last three hundred years. It has a list of every princess who ever graduated from Fair Damsels in that time. Obviously that’s an awfully long list and I don’t want to copy the whole thing down for you, but I was thinking that if you give me a specific time frame, I can narrow things down that way. It’s very interesting because not only does it list the princesses, but it also marks those that were found, sadly which ones died, which ones returned to the school single and those who never returned. I found Rowena, Queen Lavinia, and Mom in there. I’m still trying to find Nana and our grandmothers, but I’m sure they must be in there somewhere.
Anyway, let me know what exactly George wants and I’ll get it to you. Maybe I’ll just bring it to you at the spring meeting. That’s only about a month away anyway!
Lots of Love,
Allegra
Lucian shared the letter with George and Jacobi as soon as he received it. “So, tell me exactly what you want and I’ll send it to her.”
“I’d say the last fifty years,” George said. “Anything past that it’s more than likely that the princess moved on, whether to someone else or through death. But within the last fifty years is reasonable enough. Here, I’ll write a little note that you can attach to your letter to her.
“Sounds like a plan,” Lucian replied. They each wrote their notes and when they separated for the night, Lucian placed them in an envelope and placed it in his mailbox to go out the following day.

The weeks went by and winter melted into a lush, glorious spring. Lucian was out in the greenhouse with Russett the day before meeting with the princesses. He was working on a large floral arrangement as the sun shone through the glass ceiling. “It’s looking pretty good, Lucian,” Russett said after a while.
“I hope so,” Lucian replied. “Russett, why are plants so easy for me to handle? I know most people have to work at it more than I do.”
“I wish I could tell you, Lucian,” he replied. “It’s not something I can explain.”
“I was afraid you’d say that. Oh well, I guess I should be grateful, it’ll make some things easier.”
“Hey, you’ll always have a lovely garden. But, it’s time for you to head to your next class. I suppose you’ll want to give this arrangement to someone special tomorrow?”
“Actually, that one and the one I did earlier this week.”
Russett nodded. “I’ll have both of them ready for you.”
Early the next morning he went to the greenhouse to pick up his flower arrangements. He knew there was no way to hide them, so he simply put them on a table he was standing near. When Moira and Allegra came to greet him, he handed the white roses and lavender to Allegra before handing the larkspur and daisies to Moira. “I love larkspur,” she said with a smile. “How did you know?”
“Lucky guess,” he replied. “Shall we go to breakfast?”
“Yes, that sounds lovely,” Allegra said while Moira nodded. Each accepted his arm and they went into the dining hall for breakfast. They chatted easily with Jacobi, George, Clarissa and Leticia.
“Can you believe we’re graduating this year?” Jacobi asked.
“Well, you might be,” Clarissa replied, “but Allegra and I both still have a year left after this one.”
“I’m sure it will fly by for you like this year has flown for us,” Moira said.
Their conversation was interrupted by Calista announcing their annual scavenger hunt. The boys soon found themselves holding a slip of paper with a list of items written on it. When Lucian looked at his slip, he saw that Allegra would be joining him with Moira.
“Leticia will be with me today,” George said.
Leticia smiled. “Shall we begin?”
George smiled, “We’ll meet the rest of you out at the picnic.”
Lucian was fairly sure that with three of them they would be more at a disadvantage than the others and it turned out he was right. It was more challenging to choose directions and so they were the last ones to return for the outdoor picnic. “Oh well,” Lucian said as they sat with their friends at a picnic table. “Do you guys know who got out here first?”
“We did,” Leticia replied with a smile. “I must say, George, I didn’t realize you were quite that competitive.”
“I am sorry,” he said.
“What, did the two of you sprint?” Moira teased.
“Just about,” Leticia grinned. “But it’s the most fun I’ve had in a long time. I really enjoyed myself. We were racing I think three other couples to the finish.”
“Only two,” George corrected, blushing.
“Oh, just two,” she repeated with a smile. “It was wonderful just having fun. I guess you never realize when you’ve gone a little melancholy until someone pulls you out of it. Thank you, George.”
He blushed but didn’t answer. In fact, he wouldn’t look at anyone in the group. Before long everyone was chatting. Even George wasn’t immune and soon the group was laughing as they did every time they were together. The afternoon went by quickly and no one was ready to say goodbye when the princesses were gathered to leave.
“Have a safe journey and I’ll see you in June,” Lucian said as he led Allegra and Moira to the carriages.
“One last time,” Moira added.
“Yeah,” Lucian admitted. He waved as the carriages left. He saw George standing by himself, the basket hanging loosely by his side. He walked over. “Hey, are you alright?”
“It’s not right,” he said quietly. “I shouldn’t feel like this.”
“Like what?”
“Liking her. It’s not fair. Do I actually like her for who she is? Or is it because she reminds me of Eleanor and I’m still very much in love with her? I shouldn’t be giving Leticia any hope that maybe I’m her prince. I lost my princess; I’m not the right guy for Leticia.”
Trying to lighten the mood, Lucian teased, “You got all of that out of a scavenger hunt?”
“I’m serious, Lucian,” George snapped.
“Okay, well, here’s something for you to think about,” he retorted. “Eleanor isn’t coming back. Eventually, whether Leticia or someone else, you’re going to fall in love again. If you don’t, you’ll simply be miserable. Leticia and Eleanor do share a lot of similarities. They should; they’re twins. But, they’re also very different. If you think the only reason you like Leticia is because she’s like Eleanor than you’re right. It’s not fair to Leticia because you’re not trying to look at who she is. You’re looking at her as a replacement.”
Before George had a chance to reply, Lucian walked away. He knew he’d been a little harsh, but he also knew somehow that George needed to hear it. He needed to pull himself out and really evaluate what his quest was going to be. Lucian didn’t think it so far-fetched at all for Leticia to be George’s princess. They actually would work really well together.
At dinner that evening, George sat next to Lucian and said, “Hey.”
“Hey.”
It was quiet and George continued, “Look, you were right earlier. I’m not being fair to Leticia. It’s just so hard sometimes. I guess it’s only natural to wonder. She may have some other prince we don’t know of.”
“It’s possible,” Lucian agreed. “And I’m sorry I came down so hard.”
“No, I deserved it. I was being selfish. By the way, did Allegra bring the list we asked her for?”
“Yeah, she did,” Lucian replied. “It’s in my room.”
“Lost princesses, here we come!” Jacobi said with a grin.
After dinner was over, the three went to Lucian’s room and he got out the list. He handed it to George. “It’s really long, sadly enough.”
“I kind of expected it to be,” he replied. “Just by the way Gelasia talked about them.” He scanned the list. “Wow, that’s just sad. There are princesses from as little as six years ago who are still waiting. We knew some of those guys. These poor girls,” George said.
“Poor families,” Jacobi added. “Can you imagine the five years ending and still your daughter doesn’t come home? I can’t imagine how painful that must be.”
“Especially if all your friends’ daughters come back and get married,” George stated. “Alright, well, this gives me a starting place. I think I’m going to call it a night; I’m beat! Good night all.” He and Jacobi left Lucian’s room. Once they were gone, Lucian changed into his pajamas before blowing out the candles and flopping into bed.
His dreams carried him to a distant castle. There were storm clouds thundering as lightning danced. He could hear a dragon hissing, but couldn’t see it. Rain pelted him, ringing against his armor and dripping through his hair. He had no helmet and his shield was badly dented. His sword flashed as lightning split the sky. “Do you really think you can defeat me?” the dragon hissed. “Come out of hiding and I’ll end your suffering.”
Lucian ignored the dragon and continued trying to find it while staying in the thick branches around him. The closer he got to a new branch, the more it would blossom and grow. He wished the plants would stop since it was giving away his position.
As more flowers bloomed the dragon mocked, “Planting flowers for your funeral? There will be nothing to bury.” A scaly, orange snout burst through the branches, snapping at Lucian. He slashed with his sword. The dragon screamed and Lucian ran to a different spot to hide, but each time he did the thorns of the thicket disappeared, replaced by beautiful blossoms. Again and again, the dragon’s snout darted in and out of the flower-laden branches. Lucian dodged and swerved but finally it was not enough. The dragon had snuck his tail around and now dangled Lucian. As he began speaking again, the dragon slowly changed from orange to green. “You won’t be saving your princess this time, young princeling,” Draconus sneered. He dropped Lucian into his open mouth.
Lucian bolted upright out of bed. His heart was racing and his breathing heavy. He sat there for a few moments. Rusty lifted his head and whimpered. “It’s okay, boy,” Lucian whispered after a moment. “It was just a nightmare.” He leaned back against the pillows, tightening the blankets about himself. “Just a nightmare.”

Time, it seemed, got faster each day and before they knew it, they were finishing their finals. Calista had announced during their heraldry final that she would be meeting each sixth-year boy individually in her office that afternoon after they finished with their classes. When all the boys were waiting patiently outside, she called Lucian into her office. He followed her and they sat down. “Lucian, it seems impossible to believe that we sit on the brink of graduation,” she said. “You have grown so much. Tell me what you think you have learned.”
“I’ve learned my strengths, my weaknesses,” he began. “I’ve learned how to look beyond the obvious and how to make do when things aren’t quite what I want them to be.”
“Do you feel you are ready to accept the responsibilities of being a Prince Charming?”
He thought for a moment. “I suppose whether I am or not, they’re coming. I have a lot more to learn, but I’ll have to do that as I go.”
“A good answer. Now I’m going to give you three keys to help you in your quest. First, be aware of your surroundings. Pay attention to what goes on around you and what you are capable of and not capable of. Second, trust in both your friends and your animals. They know you best and can help you succeed. Third, at times when you are ready to give up hope, remember the real reason you are going on a quest. It’s not just to earn a title or have a story; the real reason is to find your true love. Tomorrow is graduation and you will be given your diploma and a copy of your quest. Read your quest very carefully and be aware of the exact words that are used. They will tell you everything you need to know. You are about to begin a marvelous adventure. Think of it that way. Do you have any questions?”
“Were you able to find someone to take that silly dragon trove? I hardly need it.”
“We haven’t yet,” she replied. “However, we are looking into a couple of other places. If we haven’t been able to get rid of it before too long, we’ll find a way to contact you and get it sent to your home.”
“Alright, I think that does it for me.”
“Then I will say good night. Enjoy being with your friends,” Calista said as she waved Lucian out of her office.

The next morning, the school was full of parents, princesses and those getting ready to graduate. Lucian met Moira and Allegra for breakfast and enjoyed being with them, but also felt nervous. As their parents began walking towards them, Moira pulled Lucian away. “Here,” she said, handing him a bulky envelope. “Do not open it until after you begin your quest.”
“Why?”
“Because I said so.”
“That’s a silly answer. What if I want to open it now?”
“Lucian, I’m being serious,” she said. “I don’t want you to open it until after you’ve started your quest. Promise me.”
Laughing, he said, “Oh, alright, I promise I won’t open it until I start my quest.”
“After,” she corrected.
“After,” he repeated.
Moira smiled. “Okay then.” She took his hand and they rejoined the group. Lucian savored every moment they were able to spend together, despite the fact that there were lots of people around. Feeling her hand in his even for just a few moments at a time spoke volumes more than either of them could have said aloud.
All too soon the graduation ceremony was beginning. Melantha made her usual announcement about how some of the princesses would disappear. “This is perfectly normal and I assure you that they are each placed in a safe location.”
She began calling names. Lucian watched as girls he knew and girls he didn’t walked to get their diplomas. He saw Leticia go and to his surprise, she disappeared. It must have surprised some of the others because there was a collective gasp. Lucian then watched as Moira walked across. “I love you,” he mouthed as she reached for her diploma. She smiled and then in an instant was gone. Lucian felt his heart sink. Where was she and how would he find her?
When the last of the princesses was announced, Calista rose and started with a small speech. “Every year it is my honor to announce the graduates who will begin their quests for true love and happily-ever-after. I will give them their quests and anxiously await their triumphant return.” She then began calling names. Lucian watched George and Jacobi get their diplomas and waited for his turn. When she reached Lucian’s name, he walked forward and took his diploma. He took his seat near his family and began to open his quest, but his father’s hand stopped him.
“Wait until we can hear it,” he suggested. “You won’t have an opportunity to tell us otherwise.”
Lucian waited for the ceremony to be over and then followed his family outside. They were stopped by Lavinia who took Lucian’s and Allegra’s hands into her own. “Please, find my children,” she said, her voice a mixture of pride and worry.
“We will,” Lucian promised.
Lavinia smiled, “Good luck to you.”
Lucian nodded and then opened the copy of his quest and read aloud:
In unending night and lonely sleep,
Your princess silent vigil keeps.
Your quest to seek her where she lies,
At home underneath the starry skies.
Awaiting true love’s first embrace,
A kiss to waken the sleeping face.
“Well, son,” Lysander said with a choke of emotion. “This is the day we’ve all been waiting for. Go out and live your adventure. We’ll be waiting for you.” He hugged Lucian tight before allowing Alexandra and Allegra their turns. They entered their carriage and left for home. Lucian turned and read his quest again. He whistled for Zephyr and the horse came to him, Rusty loping at his side.
“Well, boys, it’s time to go rescue our princess.”

Epilogue
Back to Table of Contents

“We’re home,” a feminine voice came from outside the room as the little boy asked, “That’s it? You can’t end the story there.”
“But your parents are home.”
“No, Mom, you have to go back,” he said as his parents entered the room.
“Whatever for?”
“She hasn’t finished the story yet. I have to know what happened to Adrian and Kaelen. And why is Leticia gone and where’s Moira?”
“How about I tell you more of the story the next time I babysit?”
“Okay, Dad, take Mom on a date tomorrow.”
His parents chuckled while Dad said, “Maybe not tomorrow, but I’ll make sure it’s soon, okay sport?”
The boy yawned wider. “I guess so.”
As the babysitter and his parents left the room, Mom said, “He never goes to sleep that easily. What did you do?”
“I simply told him the truth about fairy tales and where they began.”
“Well, we’ll certainly have you back,” Dad stated. “Are you busy next Wednesday?”
“Nope. I’ll make sure I’m available to babysit.”
“And bring that story with you,” Mom added as they paid her.
“Don’t worry, I always do.”
###

About Jessica L. Elliott
Back to Table of Contents

For as long as she can remember, Jessica L. Elliott has been telling stories. As soon as she could grasp a pencil she began writing those stories down. Reading fueled her imagination, as did spending time with her five younger brothers and sisters. Everything was an adventure, something to be treasured and stories were her first love. Jessica began seriously writing in high school and continued into college while attending Emporia State University where she graduated with a bachelor’s degree in Elementary Education. She wrote and released her first novel, Charming Academy, in August of 2011. It was revised and rereleased in June of 2012. Jessica currently lives in her Kansas hometown with her husband and young son. Her current project, Finding Prince Charming, is the first of the sequels to Charming Academy and she hopes to have it finished by the end of summer 2012.

Connect with Jessica L. Elliott
Back to Table of Contents

Facebook: www.facebook.com/JessicaLElliottAuthor
Twitter: www.twitter.com/Jess_L_Elliott
Website: www.jessicalelliott.com
Goodreads: www.goodreads.com/JessicaLElliott
Smashwords: www.smashwords.com/profile/view/JessicaLElliott
