 

 JACOB
Written by Henry Johnson  

 
 



© Copyright 2014 Henry Johnson
All rights reserved
Smashwords Edition
ISBN 9781311314017







A small thank you for all the   people who spurred me on and  inspired me while I was  writing this book...

"Thank-you"

Henry Johnson
Chapter One  
Another day at the Plum household, what’s in store for them?  “I want some milk” says Jacob.  

His mother looks lovingly at him, “Hot or cold?” she asks.
Jacob returns her smile, “warm, can Emily have one too?”  Emily is one of Jacob’s sisters, they’re like cat and mouse.  When Jacob isn’t with Pete he’s with Emily.  Georgia is his older sister, of course he loves her to bits, but he can’t play with her, oh no, Georgia would beat him every time!  At least that’s what he thinks.  Where’s Georgia now?  Who knows, maybe she’s polishing her nails or sending personal tweets to her favourite celebs.  Yes, that’s exactly what she’s like!

Emily is eighteen months younger than Jacob, you can’t tell them apart.  “Jacob will have chocolate in his, can I have banana?” says Emily.  

“You can have whatever you like my dear" replies their mother.  

“I want banana too” exclaims Jacob.

“No!  I’m having banana.  You can have chocolate.”  Emily got there first and there was nothing Jacob could do.  All you can see in his face is that he’s been beaten, but he doesn’t stop smiling.

Mum was in the middle of washing up when Jacob asked for some milk, and the bowl is full of suds.  He sneeks over to the sink and fills his hands with white frothing bubbles, then from behind smothers Emily’s face in them.  Emily lets out a shrill scream “ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh, you, you…”  

“Got ya!” “Ha, ha!  Don’t mess with the best”.

Emily is desperately trying to get soap suds out of her mouth, it tastes disgusting and her tongue is flicking out of it ten to the dozen.  “Now now boys and girls” says Mum as she’s pouring the milk.  Emily frees her face from bubbles and sticks her tongue out at Jacob, and he replies by pulling monkey faces at her and teasing her even more.  There is never a winner, it never ends.
They both gulp down their milkshakes and finish at the same time.  “Is there anything on today Mum?” asks Emily.  It’s Saturday and Jacob and Emily will want something to do.

“Yes” she replies, “there’s the Community Games on at the park today”.

“Sport, that’s boring” says Jacob.

“Well… I’ve got to help Georgia find a new pair of shoes first, so if you fancy it Dad wants to take you, Emily and Pete on at laser combat while me and Georgia are shopping”.  “I don’t know what he’s thinking” Mum remarks.

“Laser combat?”  “Yeahhh we’ll smash ‘im, both of ‘em, Emily.  Me and you versus Dad and Pete” Jacob beams.  “Do we have to go to the games Mum?” he still asks.

“I knew you would say it’s boring, but sport’s not just running and football.  There’s fencing and climbing too” she says.

“Great…” sighs Jacob.

“Oh come on” says Mum, “I want to see it.  And you get to go laser combating first.”

“Okay, I guess so”. He half smiles now.

Emily pipes up again, “ice-cream, we’ll have ice-cream”.

“Are you going to ask Pete if he wants to come then?” Mum asks Jacob.

“Can I use your phone Mum, Pete's Mom and Dad bought him a phone for emergencies?” Jacob’s been asking for a phone for himself for ages.

“Ooh, lucky him” says Mum.  She passes Jacob her phone smiling.  “It’s going to be a nice day as well” she says.

“I can’t get it onto video, how do I get it onto video?” Jacob asks.

“When you can afford to” Mum says, still smiling.  
“Oh come on Mum, I wanna see his face…” Jacob pleads.  

“Once… just this once.”

Jacob passes Mum her phone beaming from ear to ear, eagerly waiting to have a video conversation with his best friend Pete.

“Georgia, there’s some kind of rock star walking up the path.  He got out of a limo, he must be here for you!” Jacob calls.

“I’m not stupid…” Georgia shouts from upstairs.  

Jacob hangs on for a while…  “yeah, yeah” Jacob calls again, “you looked, I know you looked”.

“Get lost!”  Georgia is losing her cool.

“Haa” cracks Jacob.  “One nil to me I think,” he says under his breath smiling. Mum passes him her phone again.

“It should be ringing for you now Jacob” she says.  
Jacob sweeps it towards him tapping his fingers against it, eagerly anticipating Pete to answer.  “Wait ‘til he see’s my face” he says, “he’s gonna love it.” All eyes are on Jacob and the phone now, it’s ringing.

“Itaaaalia Pizzaria, how may I help you my friend?” is all they heard when the ringing stopped.  “Ha ha, Pete, I mean, erm, ha, two cheese and tomato, yeah two cheese and tomato, one hawaiian and two cokes, and ice-cream.  Thank you!”  “Oh, and remember… no smile no tip my friend” Jacob replies, he can’t stop smiling.  “Ohhh, my friend, my friend…  whaaat would you say to a liiittle bit of laser combatting…  if you’re nottta too scareda that is” Jacob asks in an Italian accent, with a hint of a mafia tone in it too for extra effect. “Paapa wants to take me, and you, and Emily, it shouuuulda be gooda…  mee and Emily versus youu and Dada…  what do you say?”  Jacob asks, still smiling from ear to ear.

“It maya be gooda, yes puuta me uupa for thata.  I aska my mama and papa, but no, I don’ta see a problem.”  Pete is smiling too. There’s a long pause, then you hear Pete in the background asking his mom and dad, in an Italian, mafia style accent of course, if he can go!  Moments later he returns.  “Yessa, thata is okayyya.  They will speaka to your maama firsta.”  Both Pete and Jacob pass their mum’s the phones, the whole thing is very funny to see, as you can imagine.  Have you ever seen two eleven year old mob-men speaking before!  Arrangements and times are agreed, and Jacob and Co. are going laser combatting.  It’s official.

Chapter Two

Jacob is with Dad and Emily on the way to Pete’s, Georgia and Mum are going shopping.  They’ll all meet back up afterwards.  The Plum’s and Pete all live in Moseley, Birmingham, right by Cannon Hill Park.

Jacob, Dad and Emily arrive at Pete’s.  “Do you want to run in Jacob?”  Dad asks, papping the horn.

“Yep, I’ll be two minutes” says Jacob.

Just as Jacob gets out of the car Pete appears from the house with a big smile on his face.  He waves at Jacob’s Dad then sticks his thumb up to Jacob and winks at him.  Jacob waits and as soon as they’re together Jacob asks Pete what’s in his bag. Pete hesitates and then winks at Jacob again, “you’ll see my friend, you’ll see… but I can’ta show you yeta”.

Dad thinks that they both look suspicious, but he doesn’t say a thing.  “How are you on this fine midsummer’s afternoon?” says Pete to Jacob’s Dad.

“I’m as good as you look, Pete” he replies, “and how are we?”

“Excellent” Pete says.  All eyes are on the front mirror looking at each other, and everyone is smiling.  They drive on, Dad announcing that they will all meet Mum and Georgia after they’ve been shopping… but first, time for some fun.  “Arghhhh, not the gruesome two-some” Pete cracks.

“I’m afraid so” Dad replies, smiling.

“Wait ‘til I see ‘em, they’re gonna love me!”  Pete is as good as ever, nothing can stop him when he’s like this.  Dad puts the radio on and they’re on their way.

“You didn’t need to bring a packed lunch Pete” says Dad, “you should know that by now!”  

“Ahhhhh” says Pete, winking at Dad in the mirror, “I always come prepared, you know what I’m like”.

Dad doesn’t get it, “we’re going to the Community Games after, they’ll have some pretty nice food there”.

Pete mimes ‘shushhh’ to Dad in the mirror, smiling, but Dad is all the more bemused.

There is no silence though, the ad break finishes and some pre-dubstep, post hardcore track comes on and Jacob is off… “Jacob Plum’s on the wings of steel, gonna keep it fresh, gonna keep it real… booyaka”…  snaps his fingers then waits for the response in his ‘yeh, check me out look’!

“Ready or not, here he comes, he can't sing.  He’s gonna finnndddddd you and make you cry-hy!”  Emily’s done it again Fugee's style, “ain’t no thing, baby!”  If you're wondering who The Fugee's are they're a pop group from the nineties!

I don’t know about you, but I’d love a younger sister like that, even if she did beat me in front of my friends.

“Yeah right” says Jacob, trying to pass it off.

“What-e-verrrrrr” returns Emily, cocky, smiling still.

Dad and Pete are quite accustomed to this now, but it’s never any less fun.  “Yeah baby” Dad pitches, rubbin’ it in.

“Ain’t no thing baby” Pete goads.

“Which one we goin’ to Dad?” pips Pete. Pete started calling Jacob’s Dad ‘Dad’ a while back.  He doesn’t see Dad as Dad, he just likes it and that’s how it is.  

“Acocks Green, I don’t know if it’s any good ‘cos I’ve never been, but from what I’ve heard it’s a good laugh”.

Pete laughs to himself but it goes unnoticed.  “We’ll smash ‘em Dad”.

Emily and Jacob reply in unison…  “what-everrrrrrr!”

Chapter Three

Jacob and co. are there.  Pete insists on taking his bag with him, and when questioned why he needs it he simply replies “you’ve gotta do it properly haven’t ya!”  Waltzing into the complex with the others with a certain mystique about him that no one can quite fathom.  There’s a short queue and people at the front are splitting into teams of red and blue. They’re all excited and rubbing their hands together, and the sides are formed between them as Dad and Pete begin discussing tactics, very quietly, and Jacob and Emily are doing the same.

They're in the next game, the previous lot from the front of the queue are gathering by the entrance now, and Jacob and Emily grab a blue vest each.  “You can be red, me and Jacob are blue” says Emily to Dad and Pete before high fiving Jacob and jesting to Dad and Pete that they’re dead.

Pete and Dad are serious here, they’re planning to take cover and pounce, they’ll need to find the best spots quickly and they seem to have it all figured out.  Dad is taken in by Pete’s extraordinary enthusiasm and by the look on their faces they look as though they’re about to conquer Mount Everest.  Jacob and Emily on the other hand are simply planning to go together, cover each other’s backs all the way through, they ‘know’ they’re invincible when they’re together and that is all they need to know.  Stick together and they’ll be okay.

The previous lot go in and everyone is waiting for the buzzer to sound for the next session.  Jacob and co. have booked themselves in for three ten minute sessions and they’ve been told that they can all go in in the next game.  All eyes are on the clock, which is counting down… six minutes to go.  All of the people that are due to join them in the next session are also ready and Dad and Pete, Jacob and Emily now begin to join their new team-mates.  Both sides seem to have their regular hardcores who boast at coming here all the time, and they seem to ‘know’ the best way to finish off the other team.  Jacob and Emily listen intently for tips and good hiding places and agree with a boy called Jack that they will follow him upstairs to a great cover spot where you can apparently see loads from.  “It’ll take them ages to find you” he says, “and if you’re good enough and watchin’ your backs you’ll hear ‘em coming anyway.  You two go there, I’ll show you where it is then I’ll carry on to my spot”.  Everybody else seems to know where they’re going too, hands are placed one on top of another, and ‘to the death’ pacts are made.

Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five… both teams are looking at each other head to head giving the other the evils… four, three, two, one XXXXXXXXXX.  The buzzer goes and headway is made by each team into the arena, ten a piece each.

Jacob and Emily are close behind Jack, voices are very soft, nearly whispers, the red team have headed off to the left, and Jacob and Emily are making way to their spot.  This is going to be awesome, thinks Jacob, “you cover my back and I’ll cover yours” he says to Emily.  “Don’t go slowly for us” he beckons to Jack, “we’re right behind you, we’ve gotta find our spot before we get found out”.  They’re making way up a ramp and at the end is a ladder constructed of rope and steel.  

Jack glances at them and then signals for them to climb to the middle level.  “There’s a tunnel to the right, crawl through there then halfway down there’s another tunnel going to the right.  Go down there and at the end instead of turning left… right in the corner to the right there’s a really short ladder going into a sort of box.  One of you hide in the box, it’s wicked, the other guard the ladder and the walkway. Keep swapping so you don’t get bored.”

“Sounds like a plan to me” beams Emily, smiling.  

“Aim for the heart” says Jack, “you get more points for that here”.  Jack goes with them but leaves them at the second tunnel.  “I’m taking cover ahead… to the death”.  All three of them look at each other, this is serious business, you’ve gotta play the part and you can’t let your team down.  Not under any circumstances.

“You take the box Emily, I’ll guard ya” says Jacob, “pick ‘em off, I’ll come down in a bit and we’ll swap”.  Emily struts down the short ladder military style and enters the box.  It’s dark, you’re surrounded and camouflaged by ropes, and it seems that no-one can see you from the outside.  You can see out from three of the four sides, Jack’s right it's wicked.

“Huh, huh” Emily calls out, like an American footballer to Jacob.  It’s one of their things that they say to each other, I can’t recall how it started now, but it means that they’re ready to play.  Jacob whistles back to confirm.

On the other side of the arena Pete has smuggled his bag in and he’s swapping his gun.  Oh yes, Pete and Dad are working back-to-back covering a pretty big section with a couple of the others on the red team.  But little do they know that Pete doesn’t intend on scoring points against the blues, no no, he has brought a Super Soaker.  That’s right.  Now this, thinks Pete, is gonna be awesome.

Dad hasn't spotted him, one of the others has though.  He’s just about to say something to Pete but Pete puts his finger to his lips… “ssssshhhhhhh” gestures Pete, his eyes glowing at him.  The other lad smiles back and gestures Pete to follow him.  “I’ve gotta protect my friend’s Dad” Pete says.

“What, with that?” the boy replies.

“He doesn’t know yet, go on forward and push any blues down ‘ere.  Just wait!  This is gonna be awesome”. The boys eyes have lit up, he doesn’t know who Pete is, he certainly wasn’t expecting an opportunity like this to come along, but he’s definitely found someone he likes.

“Whatever you say, pump it up ready” the boy says, a big smile on his face.

The grand prize for Pete is Jacob and Emily, and Dad has to witness it too.  I wonder what he’ll think, thinks Pete, ha ha, he would be rubbing his hands together now but he’s a bit tied up at the moment.  “Dad, cover your corner, I’m goin’ up here.  If you carry on I’ll come meet you at the other end.  They’ll be miles away still yet”.  Dad salutes Pete, unsuspectingly, and they both head towards the other side.  As soon as Pete’s around his corner he hears running footsteps.  He creeps into a little alcove in the wall opposite the proceeding corner and waits, patiently.  He’s pumping his gun, it’s his first shot and he can’t wait, will it be blue, will it be red?  He asks himself.
He can see the shadow on one of the walls, then as the figure slows down he sees the feet and legs.  He glances round carefully, not to be spotted.  It’s blue.  I hope it’s not Jacob yet, Pete thinks, I wanna have some fun with him first.  He creeps to the corner, bolsters himself up, dead against it in wait, pumps his gun again, then Boom.  A blue is smack bang in front of him and Pete has no mercy, he doesn’t even have time to see who it is… he just sprays.  “Argghhhhhhhhh… what… what… arggghhh”, someone is drenched. Right in the kisser…

“Ha haaaa” Pete is grinning, he's laughing to himself and he's lovin’ it.  I couldn’t have planned that one better he thought.  Before the blue guy has chance to utter even a single word Pete is off.  He’s running back to where he came from and heads towards Dad, but takes a different route.  He wants to play with Jacob and Emily, and Dad has to be there.  It’s gonna be awesome.  “He he” he laughs, “suckers”.

Dad has got his first kill... yeah I’ve still got it he gests to himself.  He’s goin’ to be on a roll now, he can feel it.  He stealth’s closer to the centre, picks a blue off approaching him from the next corner, and ‘tioooow’, the gun makes a funny sound. “Gotcha”… he smiles at his victim and then disappears up a ramp before his victim tries to exact revenge.  Oh this is good, too good, he’s got a clear shot of Emily.  She hasn’t spotted him she’s looking the other way, Jacob and Emily have swapped places and Emily is guarding him.  Dad creeps to a concrete position and then suddenly… ‘vvvrrrrrrrrrr’, where did that come from he gasps as his jacket vibrates violently.  Emily spins round and see’s him holdin’ his heart, she takes a shot to make doubly sure he knows he’s in trouble… ‘vvvrrrrrrrrrrrr’.  Dad isn’t happy, “what”, “how?”  

He’s just about to turn back and retreat, come back from a better angle when all he hears is “arrrrghhhhhhh… you… you can’t…”

“He he he” he hears Pete cackle and warns him about the blues close by.

Putting his hands to his mouth he shouts “don’t…  they’re round the corner, rendezvous, rendezvous”.

“They’ve got water, they’ve got a water gun” he hears.  Someone’s got him again, ‘vvvvrrrrrrrrrrrrrr’, he runs left up another ramp and then thinks about what someone's just said.  

“They better not get me” he mutters to himself, stay on the move he thinks, ‘til I find a good spot.

Pete managed to get away from the hot spot and he’s about fifteen or twenty metres from Dad.  He can see him but he can’t reach him yet, “ha ha haaaa” he goads himself.

Emily’s on the move now, Jacob wants to explore and find out who’s got a water gun, they both do.  Boom boom, ‘vvvrrrrrrrrrrrr’, Jacob’s been hit for the first time, he sees his attacker run away, hears a tapping sound and then 
‘whsssssssssssssssssssssssshhh’ straight in the kisser.  A clean burst of water shoots at him through a hole in a wall.  “Ppppb, pppb” is all he can manage, “I’ll find ya, I’m gonna find ya, ha ha, just you wait”, he’s laughing.  He’s been had, and it was a good one.

Pete is trying so hard to keep it in, he wants to howl, he really wants to howl, but he can’t give up the game just yet. He swaps his guns round again so he doesn’t get caught out, then heads to rendezvous with Dad.  The arena’s buzzing, ‘vvvrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr’, “gotcha”, “aaarrrrrghh”, “get ‘im” and the like is all you can hear wherever you go.  Pete’s found his new friend again, they’re smiling at each other.  “I heard” the lad says.

“You should’ve seen it” Pete laughs.  “Here, I’m gonna catch up with my friend’s Dad, we’ve got to rendezvous.  Take it for a while but don’t use too much I wanna soak me mate.  The lad’s eyes widen with delight.

“I’m Steven” he says.

Pete looks at him… “I’m Pete… I’m headin’ that way up there, meet me in the corner after you’ve had a go and we’ll ambush ‘em all together”.  

“Gotcha” Steven says.

Pete and Dad rendezvous and Dad tells him about the Super Soaker.  Pete smiles at him and says “awesome”.  Dad is clueless.  They take a walk-bridge each, covering each other 360°.  As they do they hear “aaarrrghhhhhhhhh, I’m soaked”.  It’s Jacob, the perpetrator has struck again.  Pete smiles and makes eye contact with Steven.  He gests him to come with them down a walkway and as they make way down there Pete pops his head back round the corner, knowing 
Jacob will be in pursuit, and waits ‘til he’s in view.  ‘Tioooow’… Pete waits for Jacob to see him so that Jacob knows it was him, and also so that Jacob will think that it can’t be him with the Super Soaker.  They look at each other, they smile, then Pete retreats, Jacob retreating the other way knowing that if he follows Pete, Pete will zap him the moment the red light turns off on his vest.

Dad has noticed that Steven’s got Pete’s bag and clicks.  He’s smiling at Pete as he’s coming towards them, and shaking his head, “I’m not gonna say a word” he says. “Now I know why you looked so suspicious coming out of the house”.  He’s smiling and at the back of his mind he knows it’s a wicked idea.  

Pete, confident as ever now, opens his hand to Steven and Steven places the Super Soaker into it.  “I’ve pumped it up ready for ya” he says.

“Heh heh heeee… let the fun begin” Pete jibes. All three are walking in line, they haven’t said anything else to each other but the plan is, obviously, to corner and soak anyone wearing a blue vest.  Pete explains to Steven that the person he just soaked was his best friend Jacob and that Jacob and his sister Emily would be their prime targets.  “I’ll point Emily out to ya” he says.

Jacob and Emily cross paths again, “they got me… the one with the water gun, he got me…” he pants.

“Why didn’t we think of that?” retorts Emily.  U-oh, they can hear footsteps coming from either side. They’re stood together on a small patch and to their left and to their right are walkways leading to them and there are, or were, footsteps coming towards them. The footsteps to their right, Emily’s side, have stopped.  Emily peeks round and… ‘vvrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr’ gets hit in her shoulder.  Whoever it is they won’t be expecting anyone else Jacob thinks.  He braves the corner ready to storm, with the intention of reviving his sister afterwards… she’s stooped down waiting for him.  All of a sudden ‘vvvvrrrrrrrrrrrrr’.  He’s hit, and not from whoever he was about to take on, all he can see is a foot coming out of an alcove and it couldn’t have been them.  It must have come from behind, great, we’re blocked in he thinks.

“Don’t go just yet boys and girls, we haven’t played properly yet”… this is the warning Jacob hears.

“JACOBBB” shouts Emily, “it’s…” her voice trails off… ‘wwwhhhhhhssssssssssssssssssssssshhhhhhh h’… this is the best shot yet, straight in the mouth, no time for celebrating just yet Pete thinks… 
‘wwwhhhhssssssssssssssssssssshhhhhhhhhh hh’… Jacob… groin, face… gotcha he says to himself.  Stephen appears, Dad appears and it’s all high fives, they cannot contain themselves for laughter.

“Ooooohh ooooohh” Pete chants to them.  “Heh heh heh… GOTCHA!”  Emily and Jacob are about to blow, neither of them can believe they’ve been had by them, and secretly Jacob’s pretty impressed with his best friend’s operation.  He gives him the look, the ‘oh yeah… I’m gonna make you pay for this’ look.  He’s smiling inside.

“Round two” calls Stephen.  Dad, Pete and Stephen look at each other and then immediately look at Jacob and Emily before running off, finding it very hard not to laugh.  

“Who’s….?” Jacob wants to know who the new guy is, he’s gonna have to wait.  He turns to Emily and they both laugh at each other.  “We’ve gotta get ‘em back for this” he smiles.

“We’ll think of something” Emily says, “they won't get away with it.”  They’re both already getting excited about exacting revenge, it’ll be good but first they’ve gotta think of something.

"Three hundred seconds and counting" a woman's voice comes over on the tannoy. They’ve all got two more sessions left and they’re gonna play, but this is personal now.  The tables have changed and it’s not just about red’s and blue’s now.  There are people to soak, there are people with Super Soakers to hide from, there’s a buzz in the air.

Chapter Four
Dad, Pete and Stephen are all expecting someone to complain to one of the team leaders that they’re using a Super Soaker. They know they’ll get into trouble if they get caught, but what if… ?  What if no-one’s carrying a gun?  What if they start checking everyone and no-one’s got one? What if… what if they hide it behind one of the boards in the alcoves.  Some alcoves have little holes at the bottom of the arches and it’d fit nicely into one of them.  They could take it in turns so that no-one in the blue team will know who’s really got the Super Soaker, or they might even think that all three of them have got one!

“We’ll take this section up here” Pete says, pointing to a corner section of the arena.  “Anyone dare enter they’re ours”. Dad and Stephen look at him then they all look at each other.  “We can hide the Super Soaker in one of the alcoves, there are gaps behind the boards at the bottom. Take it in turns, they won’t even know who’s got it” he beams.  Dad and Stephen grin then begin to make way to the corner.  “I’ll leave it up there, in the one by the net” says Pete.  They nod and agree, and as they’re running to their positions someone unwittingly steps right in front of Pete with a great smile, military style, shooting straight at him.  He jolts his gun up every time he shoots it to give the desired effect of a highly powered rifle, and keeps shooting until Pete’s jacket flashes.
‘Vvvvrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr’ 

“Ha… gotcha!”  he says.  He still hasn’t noticed that Pete is holding no ordinary gun, no laser gun, a super size Super Soaker maybe, but not a laser gun.

“He, he he… you don’t scare me” jibes Pete, that’s not a real gun, this is a real gun”…
‘wwwsssssshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh’ straight in the kisser.  “Now that is how to play” Pete grins, “no pussy-footing about here matey”.

“Whhhhh… wwwhhhhhaaat… whoo…?” the lad is speechless… “you…”

“Can’t do that?” finishes Pete.  “Ha, ha haaa… see ya” runs off laughing.  “This is ace” he says to himself.  He gives Dad the nod as he spots him hiding, and gives him the ‘spot-on’ sign with his fingers.  Hides the gun, as agreed, and assumes a position.

Ha, ha haaa, Pete thinks, no pressure.  He glances to the left, to the right, then waits for the next person to walk around the corner.  He’ll signal Dad or Stephen.  Were we seen?  Dad thinks, he’s a bit worried. What if I get caught?  He laughs to himself, he’s imagining him, a thirty five year old dad being caught red handed with a Super Soaker in the laser arena by a spotty nineteen year old team leader and being told off by him.  What do I do?  He thinks.  I can’t have a nineteen year old kid telling me off, no no, I’m not even imagining it.

The Soaker’s gone, Stephen must have it Dad thinks.  Bang, someone’s got him from behind and they come running past.  He signals Pete to warn him and just as he does he hears a girl yelling.  Yes, she’s been hit with the Super Soaker and it sounds like it was a beauty of a shot. “Roll ‘em up, roll ‘em up” Stephen calls, “who’s next?” he boasts.  He’s running out in the open with it and chucks it to Pete as he goes past him.  “Here you go squire” Stephen grins.  Pete gladly receives it and scans the section they’re in.  One hundred and eighty seconds is showing on the clock.  He runs kamikaze style and picks two blues off with the laser, Super Soaker in the other hand he sprays a blue Emily who is hiding and must have been waiting for so long that he caught her off guard. He can’t see Jacob, who is watching him intently, and as he goes to drop the Super Soaker back in the designated spot Jacob follows him and retrieves it as quickly as Pete put it in there.  Jacob waits for Pete to settle and squat, he’s one corner behind him, then creeps up dead silent, taps Pete on the shoulder and as Pete looks up slowly, face turning to horror, drenches Pete in the face!  He can’t breathe, it’s revenge then some.

One hundred and ten seconds left.

Jacob is running with both guns, he’s been watching, and he signals Emily.  They’re not stupid.  Please let it be Dad next he thinks.  He carefully places the Super Soaker in it’s place and trots to a nearby spot.  Emily in the meantime is making way over a net and as Dad falls for it, taking it completely unawares, Emily glances back and see’s that the bait has been taken. She dutifully jumps a gap and proceeds to collar a Team Leader to tell him, quite innocently, that a grown man appears to be walking around with a water gun.  “I didn’t think that was allowed?”  She says!

“It certainly isn’t” the Team Leader replies. “Where is he?”  “Point him out to me” he snaps.  

Emily coyly points in the direction of Dad, all innocent, and says “there he is!” Jacob and Emily had been thinking exactly what Dad had been thinking… just what, just what if… Dad was caught by one of those teenage Marshals with the Super Soaker.  What if!  

Now this is going to be funny, they think. “I want to film it, why haven’t we got a camera?” Jacob asks Emily.  They’re fixated on Dad.  They’re watching so intently an earthquake could pass and they wouldn’t even notice.

“A-hem”… “A-hem” the young steward looks up at Dad.  “Is there something you’ve got for me there?” asks the trooper.  Dad bolsters to attention, not sure how to react.  I ain’t losing this one he thinks to himself.

“Ahh you’re ready for them are ya?” he asks this scrawny little lad.

“Say again?” the lad asks him.

“Ermm” Dad hesitates,… then like a big kid, a true big kid takin’ in the moment he shouts… over his shoulder as he goes to run off, “YOU AIN’T GETTING’ ME!”  Then bolts, full pace like a royal marine away from this shocked teenager who doesn’t know where to look or what the hell to do next!

Emily is startled too, putting her hands to her face, “Jacob” she yells, beckoning her brother over “look at this… Dad’s running away from the marshals.” Jacob’s face lights up immediately, runs over to Emily and they both watch in shock and awe.  The scrawny little teenager is chasing Dad around the arena, and another one of his mates is on the radio stood by the exit who’s been summoned to help.

“STOOOOOOOOOPP… HEY, YOU WITH THE WATER GUN…  STOP, RIGHT THERE.”  Dad turns, pumps, goes to spray the marshal, hesitates and as the lad covers his eyes with his arms he smiles.  Over half of the kids in the arena looking down, watching. Twenty five seconds to go, the buzzer barely heard because Dad, thirty five year old Dad, the responsible adult who loves to know best, is being cheered on by a dozen and a half kids, including his own, hanging over the walls egging him on.

“OOH OOH OOH”… “GET HIMMM, GET HIMMMM”… “DON’T BE A CHICKEN, SPRAY ‘IM!”  They can all be heard, and even though he won’t admit it to his kids, he’s lovin’ it, Dad’s lovin’ it.  He feels like he’s back at school again.  But he’s also coming to a dead end, he hasn’t contemplated this one yet, he’s gotta give up the gun, and, life depending it, he’s gotta do it in style.  He slows, looks down at his gun, back up again and turns round.

Literally twenty paces from his pursuer, “feelin’ lucky kid?”  This is aimed at the Team Leader, who is also aware that they’re now both being watched by a dozen and a half kids eagerly waiting for the first false move.

“Try me… just you try me” the scrawny little teenager says, though why he did nobody’ll ever know.  What is he going to do?  Just what is he going to do?

“Wrong answer kid” comes the reply from Dad… he settles his eyes on the kid’s, glances up, the kid following suit, then before the kid can say “blue cheese” he's got a soaking wet crotch and Dad's waiting for the raucous to erupt because the lad looks like he's just peed himself!  His face will soon be redder than a beetroot.  Dad coolly throws  the gun down on the floor, slidin’ it to the kid smilin’.  “Time to weep kid”, he winks then walks with a bit of a spring in his step, but pretty eager to get outta there too and makes way for the exit.  Jacob, Emily and Pete don’t know what to do, they’ve been smilin’ inside for a good half minute and now they’ve gotta let it out.

Kids hangin’ over the walls are chantin’, “who, who are ya”… “who, who are ya”.  “Get it in ya!”  The marshal is slightly embarrassed, slightly?  His face is glowing bright red.  For the rest of the day, at least, Dad is gonna be a hero.  He high fives Jacob, then Pete, then Emily and then Stephen.  

They’re all laughing and making way for the exit, another marshal, he must have been at least twenty and thinks this gives him some kind of authority, collars Dad by the shoulder and says, in his ‘kid, authoritarian voice’ “don’t bother coming back here again mate.” Jacob and co. look at each other and smile, they know that this is all the kid can do. The kid realises this too.  He can see they’ve had their fun and if he says any more he’ll look as stupid as his mate.  Dad gives him the wink still smilin’.
He doesn’t say any more.  I think this is gonna be a good day. 

Chapter Five

Mum and Georgia are trying stuff on. Georgia needed new shoes and wanted some different clothes to wear as well. Not as though she needs anything and Mum will have to be tight otherwise the others will moan.  Shiny red shoes to show off in, semi-high heels, have already been chosen and now Georgia wants a casual top and some jeans but Mum says she’ll have to put towards these with her own money.  She has a natural gift and spends a lot of time painting when she isn’t listening to music.  Some of her paintings Georgia sold to people after auctioning them on the internet, they’re really good. Jacob’s jealous but Emily thinks it’s really cool.

Anyhow, Georgia’s decided that Mum needs some new clothes as well so now they’re shopping for both of them.  Mum is showing Georgia a colourful blouse or shirt she’s found that gets Georgia’s approval when her phone rings.  “It must be them Georgia, that was quick I thought they were going to the Laser Tag arena.”  “Hello… Dad is that you?”

“Ha, ha yes it is I” the others are sniggering in the background.

“What have I missed?” Mum replied.

“Ahhh you know, just the usual.”  To this the kids roar, Dad’s got them kicked out of the Laser Tag arena and Mum would go mental.  “I’ve been showing Emily and the boys who’s boss.”

“Oh you won did you?  I hope you gave them a chance” Mum says.

“I think you’d be proud… damned proud if I may say so meself” Dad replies.  More laughing in the background…

“Dad made someone wet themselves, Dad made someone wet themselves” Jacob shouts, and the others howl.

“SSShhhhhh” Dad goes to them, “ssshhhhhhh”.  

“What do you mean you made someone wet themselves?  What could you have possibly have done to…” Mums voice trails off under the raucous at the other end.

Dad is thinking of what to say next and the others can tell he’s stuck.  Queen’s ‘We Are The Champions’ gets sung by them and Dad can’t contain himself, he’s trying to play it down but this one ain’t gonna be kept secret. “Yeah... yeah the signal’s terrible here I can’t hear you… I’ll ring you again in a bit… byeeee”, he hangs up stifling his laughter.  Big smile on he looks at them and lets it out.  They’re howling, “she’s gonna kill me” he says to them.

“Ha ha, show Mum who’s boss” Pete cries.

“Yeah show her who’s boss Dad” echoes Emily.

Mum is intrigued, she knows there wasn’t anything wrong with the signal.  What the hell were they all laughing at?  I can’t shop for clothes now she thinks, what could Dad have possibly done, surely he couldn’t have actually made someone wet theirselves??  “Georgia we’ve gotta be quick Dad’s made someone wet theirselves” Mum quips.

“What?  What?” Georgia says.

“Dad’s made someone wet theirselves, I heard them in the background.”

“How can you hear someone wetting 
themselves?  You can’t hear someone wet theirselves.”

“I don’t know, we need to find out.  I heard them in the background.  He’s done something.”

“Can we just get that green top I liked and you pay half like you promised?”

“Come on forget that, we need to find out what Dad’s done” Mum says.

“Two minutes, I’ll be straight in and straight out.  It’s on the way back?”

“We've gotta find out what Dad’s done after.  We’ll get it out of him, they were howling.”  She’s half smiling.  “Setting an example he should be!”

Chapter Six

Jacob, Emily, Dad and Pete are all smiling on the way back.  I don’t think even Dad is scared of what Mum will say now, it was hilarious.  She’ll see the funny side. “Let’s go to the games early, we’ve got a ball in the back.  We can wait for Mum and Georgia to finish shopping and get them to bring some food for us on the way back.  Have a bit of a kick about while we wait” says Dad.  I don’t know why he’s trying to act like the responsible one now.  Jacob, Emily and Pete don’t know either.  They look at each other and smile, Dad catches them in the mirror and grins. 

“Who’s the man” Jacob cries, just in case anyone’s forgotten already.  He knows they haven’t, but it’s so funny.  He starts singin’ for Dad… “I’m the king of the swingers yeah, jungle v.i.p. …I’ve reached the top and got to stop and that’s what’s bothering me… Boooooo!”

“Wicked, wicked” Pete jibes.

“Yes yes” Emily drops in.  They get this from Dad’s music collection, he used to be a raver back in the day.  He doesn’t listen to any of the old stuff now, but they all love it. They’ve seen the videos on YouTube and have a rave of their own whenever there’s an occasion.  This would be one of them if they weren't sat in a car.

Dad is takin' it all in, he's smilin' and can't resist it.  Why not he thinks.  He pulls his MP3 player from the tray in the dashboard and throws it to Jacob telling him to whack some on.  He keeps all of his jungle and hardcore, happy hardcore etc. on it, along with the stuff he’s into now, for sentimental reasons.  Today is going to be a good day.  Jacob’s smilin’ as he catches the music player… he knows a few tunes and switches it on flicking through a few raves he’s heard then hits play… ‘T-tt___t-t, T-t-t___t-t, T-t-t-t__t-t-t-t, Tt-t-t-t-t-t-t’ in comes the build up... “Checkin’ it out like my old man Marley, gonna take you to the top gonna take you sky high-hee…  Boom check check Boom check, Boom check check Boom check”…   “Goin’ for the kill spittin’ lyrics at my will, gonna show ya who’s in charge gonna make your body chill” Jacob’s hittin’ the chair in front of him as he sings and Dad’s remembering how he used to be when he was twenty years younger.  Jacob would’ve loved it, maybe I can turn him into a DJ or MC he thinks, there’s a glint in his eye as he glances at him in the mirror… maybe, just maybe.

“Who’s for slam?” Emily shouts.  “We won’t have nothing to do while we’re waitin’ for them.”  They’ve just gone past a graffiti covered wall in a derelict playground and Pete noticed too.

“I’m in” Pete says, “Jacob?”

“I’m gettin’ into this” he says.

“We can if they want” says Dad, “Emily’s right, they’ll be ages we haven’t long left them.”  They all smile to them-selves because they remember why they haven’t been long.

“Yeh okay, why not.”

"Just back there" Emily and Pete quip.

Dad slows down and makes the U-turn.  “I don’t know about you guys” he says “but I need a drink first.  There’s a shop here too… what do you all fancy?”

“I’ve got one thanks” says Pete, “ahhhhhhhh I’ve left it at the arena.  I’ve left me bag there.”  He’s a bit gutted.  Dad looks in the mirror to him as if to say well you know, what can we do.  A bit sorry but there isn’t anything they can do.  Pete acknowledges this and sighs “I guess there isn’t anything I can do is there.  My fault, don’t worry about it.  I’ll have to get another one.  Mum won’t be happy but I’ll have to get another one.”  “Can you get me a coke please Dad?”

“Yep no problem.  What about you two, what do you want?”

Their orders are made and they head to the playground afterwards drinks in their hands.  Jacob instinctively throws Emily the ball and she catches it in her chest cool as you can imagine.  She doesn’t really like football but she’s a bit of a genius when it comes to keep-me-ups. Emily takes another swig of her drink then places it on the floor.  Rolls the ball onto her foot, flicks it onto her knee then the charade begins… onto the other knee, back again, swap twice more, three times, up onto the back of her neck down her back and back up onto her head from her heel… bouncing three times, four, six and so on before catching it on her knee again and volleying it to Jacob who catches it with his in-sole… shifts it up onto his knee, tries to flick it onto his head and… walmmmmmmm… it’s miles off target rolling along the concrete to the middle of nowhere.  They all laugh, even Jacob cracks a smile he knows he’s rubbish and he thinks it’s funny that anyone would even try to pass him a ball.  Pete makes way for it flickin’ it up and volleying it towards Dad, Dad tries a few old tricks and manages to pull them off then slams the ball into the wall for the first round.

“Four lives each first one off has to eat Marmite, nothing else, pure!” He says.

There’s always something.  Jacob's next and it’s veered off towards a fence, if he isn’t quick he won’t be able to get behind it.  Jacob’s expecting to be stuck and lose a life.  He isn’t one for sport it doesn’t interest him at all.  As long as he can play and have a laugh he doesn’t mind what he’s doing and he’s really into music.  But sports… no.  He likes playing slam but he’s rubbish, he’s got the coordination of a dog when he’s kicking a ball.  He leaves it late and has to run behind the ball before it hits the fence and his effort looks so lame.  He tries but the ball rolls so slowly it looks as if it's saying ‘this is too much like hard work for me’.  The other three laugh and Pete starts to wind him up… “it’s Messi on the ball, he beat the wall and it looks like the breeze is going to beat him… can he do it?  The crowd are spellbound, blow it Jacob blow it.  It’s gonna make it I can tell I can tell, here it is, ahhhhhhhh no it’s given up the ball’s given up.”  Jacob looks up slowly at them after concentrating hard on what their five year old next door neighbour could have done better.

“It’s a disappointment to say the least” says Dad “I had faith in ya son, honest.”

“I need to make this fair” Jacob says “so I’m giving up a life to make it easier for you all that’s all.”

“Oh right” says Emily smilin’.  “Pigs fly too… we’ll see.”  

Jacob can’t say anything for Emily, she’s pretty hot with a ball and could show up most boys with her ‘keep-me-ups’.  Emily’s gonna be after Jacob right through the game now because she’s just walked up to the ball as she was saying that and he’s going to be determined to knock her out. He’s started rubbing his hands together and moving from foot to foot as if he was warming up for a real game of football, and he’s eyeing the ball following it’s every move.  To the wall, to Pete… what a shot, bang, to Dad…he’s studying where the best place would be for him to be after Dad’s taken his shot and so far he’s calculated that Dad will make it land somewhere by Emily.  He’s ready, he’s looking at Dad, then Emily then Dad again and as Dad goes to kick it he edges towards Emily but also keeps his options open in case Dad tries to trick him.  Dad’s seen him concentrating and instead of placing it he boots the ball head on into the wall so that it comes straight back to him and he jumps it when it does.  Jacob didn’t see this coming and Emily and Pete howl when they see it.  What a move, Jacob hasn’t got time to think he runs to the other end and the ball’s stopped dead right next to where it looks a roundabout used to be.

“Show us your skills Jacob” Pete shouts.

“Come on I haven’t got all day” Emily booms.  Jacob smiles, he wants to look as though he’s got it all under control.  He takes a few steps back and to the left a bit, eyes Emily then takes a beaut of a shot curling the ball right round far away from any of them hitting the wall in the corner where he was originally stood at the start.  It was perfect.  They watch the ball, then look at him, then back to the ball.  Now it’s Emily’s turn to chase it and look stupid, and do you know what? He’s done it, Jacob’s trapped her by the fence Emily can’t get behind the ball because the fence is there.  She tries to get her foot underneath it and trying to look clever she lobs it but so high it goes over the wall.

“Csssssshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh” Jacob’s circling his hands in the air as if goading the audience to cheer him on. “Magic… pure magic” he says.  Pete and Dad raise their eyebrows at each other then smile at Jacob.  “I aim to please” he says, now smiling with them.  Dad acknowledges him and they all wait for Emily to return with the ball.

"Think you're clever do ya?" Emily calls, she comes back grinning, Jacob got her fair and square.  The game goes on and Pete gains the upper hand, Emily's not far behind him, then Jacob who surprisingly still has two lives left and Dad is on his last life.  It looks like he might have to eat his own words, or better than that pure Marmite!  Ha ha haaa!  It's Dad's turn now, Pete's just slammed it into the wall  sending it wide... "oooooooohhh" go Emily and Jacob.

"Like it, like it" follows Pete.  Dad's lookin' worried, what about his pride?  He somehow makes it and even manages to make it look good, Jacob drops level with Dad, Pete and Emily stay the same so who's it gonna be?  Next round Dad decides, Pete makes it too easy for him and as it rolls to his feet he literally has the choice to put it anywhere he wants to.  This is far too easy and it's a cruel, cruel world.  Bang.  One hit and it's all over for Jacob. They  laugh, they mock, Emily pats him on the head...  "One word" Pete says lookin' at Jacob.

"What?" he replies.

"Marmite".

They don't need to say anymore, l knew it Jacob thinks.  Me.  Marmite. 

Chapter Seven

Dad's had a call from Mum and Georgia, it was quite a strange phone call Mum was very suspicious and she was asking him all sorts of peculiar questions.  "Have you hurt anyone?" She asked, "Are you in trouble?"  "Where are you, we want to see you?"

They're all meeting up at the park like they planned, Mum and Georgia are bringing the boys and Emily southern fried chicken and chips with drinks, a bucket full, and they'll be here any minute now.

Talking of which they hear the horn go just as they're wondering how long they'll be.  Mum eyeballs Dad inquisitively as they meet and trying as hard as he might he cannot contain himself...  he's grinning from ear to ear, Jacob's watching and he stays still and silent when Mum looks to him for an explanation.  "Don't ask me" he shrugs.

Emily and Pete start sniggering and Dad tries his 'I don't know what they're laughing at' look.  "WHAAT?" he laughs.

"Spit it out", Mum's waiting and whatever it is she knows she and Georgia have missed something.  "What do you mean you made someone wet their-selves?"  To this the raucous starts all over.  Dad tries to explain but he can't stop grinning and he's got to tell her that he made an arena full of kids and teenagers howl at some poor teenage kid marshall because he deliberately sprayed his crotch with a water gun to make it look like he'd wet himself.

"We found..." Dad starts...

"l brought a Super Soaker" Pete quips.

"We brought a Super Soaker" Dad corrects himself...  "and..."

"And," Jacob cuts in "Dad got us caught so he sprayed the marshall in between his legs in front of EVERYONE in the arena so he looked like he'd wet himself!"
"He did what?" Georgia goes.

Emily and Pete repeat it for them laughing and Dad tries to keep his cool, before looking into Mum's eyes and saying, smoothly as you like, "you would've been proud my love."  He follows with a cheeky smile to make sure she doesn't blow her top and it works!  Dad thought he might've been accused of acting like a kid or even of being immature, but Mum just smiles still looking into his eyes, and kisses him.  There's a short silence then Jacob, Emily and Pete let rip and tell Mum and Georgia the full story.  They do love it, Dad is a hero and yes today is going to be a very good day.

Mum is sharing out the super-size bucket of Southern Fried chicken and chips when she see's three lads play-fighting on the other side of the park.  At first she smiles they're only having a bit of fun but they start falling into other people's spaces and very soon someone's going to get upset with them.  She looks at Jacob and then hands Dad a piece of chicken saying "they've got no respect for other people, we used to play fight like that but why do they have to go so over the top?"  With this Jacob looks back up at her and he's not happy one bit.  His face has dropped and he's staring right at Mum.
"What's wrong honey?" she asks.

He doesn't budge and he's almost disappointed at Mum.  It's written in his face and Mum doesn't know what to say. "Honey what's wrong?"  Mum asks again, but Jacob doesn't answer.

He looks at Dad and then at Pete.  Looking quite sullen he asks Dad what the chicken's like.  "What's the chicken like Dad?"

"It's good, what's wrong my boy?  Come on wipe that sad look off your face and try some.  What's wrong?"

"Nothing'' Jacob replies, he tries to lift his own spirits and manages to break half a smile.

"That's more like it" Dad cracks.  "Come on Mum we're all waiting.  'ere get some of this down your neck Jacob it's beautiful." He passes Jacob a couple of pieces of chicken while Mum shares out the rest with Georgia, Emily and Pete.  Jacob's tucking in and no more is said.

"I'll challenge you at anything George" Jacob goads.

"Be my guest... you can't beat me.  Simple as"  Georgia replies.

"Me, you, fencing.  Whenever you're ready. Loser eats Marmite."  Jacob's ready to play.

"You're on, you don't scare me boy''  goes Georgia.  Jacob never gives up he'll always be up for a challenge, he's always ready to play.

"You can't get out of it like that" says Pete, "you lost fair and square."  Now Emily and Pete are staring at Jacob but he won't let off, why he thinks he can pull it off nobody knows but Mum and Georgia's suspicions are right, they've sussed him out and Jacob smiles and lays down his proposal.

"If I win, I'm going to win, George eats my Marmite.  If I lose I eat a tonne of Marmite AND I have to chew cat hair and then wash it down with a drink after.  No excuses."

"But but..." Mum starts.

"No buts, no need for buts.  I'm gonna win" says Jacob.  Mum goes to protest again then lets Jacob's grin get the better of her.  He looked very upset at her only a couple of minutes ago and she didn't have a clue at what she was supposed to have done.  Cut him some slack.

Dad, Pete and Emily are grinning and rubbing their hands together and Georgia's not too happy at being tricked into possibly taking Jacob's forfeit for him. But like she said she isn't scared.  "See this..." she says waving and pointing her arm at Jacob... "tshhhhh" sweeps her arm in front of him looking him in the eye, as if to say 'you're gonna get it'.  Jacob's laid down the gauntlet and Georgia has accepted it, they're all the same.  Always trying to out do each other, and now, this event has become more important than any of the games that are going to be held by the pro's today.  

Oblivious to anything else that's going on around them all they can hear now is the smacking of lips as they eat through their king size bucket of chicken and chips, occasionally looking up at one another and then getting stuck back in.  Then Jacob looks up and see's that two of the lads play fighting have fallen into someone's tent and they're not too happy about it, of course.  They narrowly missed falling into the family them-selves and the mum is going ballistic at them, the dad trying to hold HER back rather than reprimand the lads who've flattened their tent.  Jacob has a disappointed look on his face, he hates people who don't care about anyone but their-selves, walking around with bad attitude ready to snap at anyone who even dare look in their direction.  He guesses these are the same and when Emily and Pete look up at him he nods towards the two lads to show them, the look on his face says it all.  "Why?" He exclaims.

"That'll be you in a bit" goads Georgia, "on the floor!"

Jacob lightens up and smiles, "in your dreams.  I'm ready for ya now, come on, chop chop!"

At this they all look up at Jacob and Georgia, even Mum's smiling.  Georgia sucks the drumstick she's holding clean and licks her lips eyeing Jacob coolly.  "Right now?"  Georgia goads enticingly.

 Jacob opens his arms towards the  fencing... "ladies first."

"Whatever you say pumpkin" Georgia replies.  In a flash they're up and on their way towards the fencing and the others have turned to face and watch them.  Now wouldn't be soon enough!
Jacob and Georgia are stood side by side waiting, they're third in line.  They're quite close really behind all of the banter, but nothing, not even that will get in the way of a challenge.

Chapter Eight

The others have been stuffing their faces as quickly as they can so that they're ready when Jacob and Georgia start fighting and secretly, no-one has actually said it, they all want Georgia to win. Jacob's always high on life, whether he's winning or losing and of course that's a good thing, but sometimes, just sometimes it's good to see that smile he gives when things aren't quite going his way.

Right now the masks and suits are on, they're both being shown how to fence and when the ref see's that they're ready he signals to them and they're off.  Both of them are dancing on their toes, a quick-step to the left, one to the right, back a bit, neither of them wanting to take the first blow.  Piouuuugh the swords connect, every so often they'll make eye contact with each other and Jacob will hesitate before snapping out of it and carrying on.  A clever shimmy, a lightning fast dodge and a hit to the ribs, he's gaining the upper-hand and the tension is great.  Georgia thought this would be a walk in the park because she used to go to Kung Fu classes when she was younger and also Jacob doesn't really like sports, but he's showing Georgia and the others that today is only just beginning.

Every so often the others who are watching will catch a glimpse of one another and they slowly realise that they all want Georgia to win.  When it becomes obvious they all smile together, but they too know that Georgia should be favourite to win anyhow.  When Jacob shows them that this might not happen they become even more fixated on this spectacle, what has Jacob seen that they haven't?

"Come on Jacob" shouts Pete, "show us what you're made of!"

"Don't listen Georgia, use the force" Emily shouts.  Others are watching too, even though they've never fenced before they look good, they're putting on quite a show. People are filming them on their phones, including Dad, and at the end of the first round they both head to their corners and take a semi bow to all the people watching.
The organisers have put coaches in both corners to make it more exciting and for extra effect Jacob cups his hands into his coach's ears for everyone to see and whispers to him his plan for the next round.  Afterwards they high five each other with both hands then Jacob looks to Georgia, points towards her and signals that he's ready to obliterate her.

The ref quickly blows his whistle and Jacob and Georgia re-commence.  It's tense, both of them staring into one another's eyes and no-one knowing what either of them are thinking.  Circling in the middle of the ring like two sumo-wrestlers, each one waiting for their opponent to make the first move.  Georgia distracts Jacob by looking away for half a second, keeping her guard, and Jacob falls for it.  He goes to glance at whatever she must've been looking at and as soon as he does Georgia swipes his sword away and tries to force him down on her return, but Jacob's not having it.  He sways his whole body right back, literally bending his body over backwards and somehow twists himself to the side as he's arched over, under and over, and then immediately returns to swipe at Georgia on his way back up and nobody, not a single soul saw this coming.  He connects, stuns Georgia and gets a massive cheer from the crowd who are now all watching.  Georgia has to step back and when she tries to defend herself Jacob knocks her sword right from her hand and forces her to submit.

The ref said before this game started that the winner would be the first person to get fifteen hits or the most hits from three three minute rounds.  Knockdowns or submissions would be worth five hits but of course are rare, especially when playing for fun.  Jacob's pulled it off though and the ref signals five points and a submission for him and the game continues.

Georgia manages to connect a couple more times but she really isn't playing like she should be, she used to go to Kung Fu classes and she's a smart girl.  They're putting on a good show nonetheless even though Georgia isn't making the connections she needs to, her body's fluid but because she can't get that edge over Jacob that she needs to Georgia's letting herself down.  Georgia knows this and she needs to do something about it.  She hasn't given up hope, she wouldn't, and one thing that might save her... it sounds like cheating but whenever Mum cheers Jacob he seems to pause, hesitate.
Georgia can see it in his eyes, only for a split second but if she can strike when Mum cheers him she might be able to pull this back.

It happened just as Georgia was thinking this but Jacob's spotted his weakness too and he fights it.  When Mum cheers him this time as his body tightens he brings forward his left hand, as though to balance himself, and he goes into defence mode.  This gives Georgia enough time to display a shimmy to the left, or a short dance you might call it, to throw Jacob and succeeding she manages to swipe his sword out of the way to score the final hit of the second round.  Jacob knows that Georgia's spotted what's going on and this is going to get complicated.  Right now he's fencing, and he really wants to win, he can feel it he has to.  But Mum's distracting him and Georgia knows something's up.  She's not stupid, he doesn't want to tell her though.  This he doesn't want to tell anyone, what if he's wrong?  And what if he's right?  He doesn't want to make a thing out of it anyhow, especially not with Georgia, he has to win, he has to forget it.  He doesn't want anyone to know.

Ding ding... final round and Jacob's leading eleven points to five.  It's not how they're scoring that's creating the interest though, more because you can see how much they both want to win.  Every move, every little dance, their faces... it's like they do this every day.  "Oooooh" the crowd gasp, clap, cheer, Jacob and Georgia are loving it and they don't hold back. Side-stepping, shimmying, dancing around with huge smiles each anticipating the other's next move.  Their lives depend on it.  Swipe, Jacob thought he could see another hit but Georgia's too quick for him and blocks him dancing out of his way. She's temporarily forgotten about his weakness and when Mum shouts for him this time Georgia misses her opportunity. Right now the buzz in the air is electric, the crowd are shouting for both of them and when Jacob hears Pete's voice he lunges forward and makes his connection. Georgia wasn't expecting this though she wasn't expecting Jacob to lose his concentration to the crowd afterwards either and when he does she instinctively throws his sword in the air with hers as he pauses.  You can see the horror in Jacob's face and the fear as Georgia goes in a second time and holds her sword inches away from his neck.  He's forced to submit and the score is twelve points to Jacob and ten to Georgia.  She's earned an applause but there isn't long left.  The ref signals for them to go on and they start to circle in the centre of the ring again, Jacob having the upper hand still. When Mum shouts for him again though instead of hesitating or being held back he uses it.  He knows Georgia's picked up on Mum holding him back and so when she shouts he waits for Georgia to think she's got a chance and looks at her to let her know that he's holding his ground.  In the split second of Georgia not knowing what to do he snaps forward with his sword not taking his eyes off of hers and connects again.  The score is now thirteen ten to Jacob and there's only thirty seconds between Georgia, a handful of Marmite, and victory.

Who will it be?  Will Jacob pull it off? Will Georgia?  Will Mum pull it off? Seconds remain, they both shimmy about close up and to the sounds of the crowd they both connect with each other at the same time.  Georgia is now hell bent on doing the impossible and Jacob knows he hasn't won yet, he knows Georgia will want to knock him down or get another submission out of him to win but he can't see a way in to make his final connection. The Plums are going mad from where they are and the crowd are giving it their all. Neither of them are giving up.  They're circling each other and as another kid rides past on his bike he sounds his horn to goad them on, they both look at each other and smile then snap back into battle. Dad, Pete and Emily shout for Georgia because Jacob owes them a forfeit and they think him having to eat cat hair as weII would be funny.  Mum is divided now and shouts for both of them.  To this Georgia lunges forward without even waiting for Jacob's reaction and if Jacob hadn't have fallen back onto the floor she might've done him some serious damage, protective suit or not!  Did Mum throw it for him?  Jacob will never know, he didn't have time to think about it.  But for Georgia she couldn't have done it without Mum, just hearing Mum's voice was enough to go for the kill.  She must've known it'd do something, and even if it only gave her a false sense of security right then it was all that she needed.  Game, set and match to Georgia.

Chapter Nine

The Plums are lapping it up, they've made quite a spectacle.  In fact while Jacob and Georgia were fighting most of the other athletes and professionals were warming up or resting so they had double or even triple the attention they would have had normally.  They put on one hell of a show!

Mum's decided to go for a walk around the park with Jacob, Emily and Georgia now and Dad and Pete agree to stay and watch their stuff.  People greet and smile at Jacob and Georgia, Jacob gets a few jeers too because he lost and Georgia is quite the hero.  Of course they don't know that Georgia used to go to Kung Fu classes.

Mum gets chatting to another young girl's mom who was congratulating Jacob and Georgia when all of a sudden Jerry turns up, one of Jacob's school pals, chanting "looosssserrrrr, looosssserrrrr."

Mum smiles and says to the young girl's mother "well, the sun can't shine every day can it" and gives Jacob a friendly nudge with her fist.  "Sorry Jacob, I'm not trying to embarrass you."  

"Realllly" he jests sarcastically.  To this they all smile.

"What happened buddy?" says Jerry.

"Bad luck that's all Jerry, George got lucky."  

"Yeah right" Georgia exclaims "you ain't good enough, simple as that.  You couldn't keep up."

"I was rooting you all the way" says Jerry.

"Me too" says Mum, "well for both of you really.  Maybe it was me Jacob, maybe I cursed ya!"  Jacob hesitates and he isn't impressed, no less than that, if Mum wants to rub Jacob up the wrong way this is definitely how to do it.  Jacob doesn't let it show though.

"Naaah you don't scare me Mum" he says, "like I say, bad luck.  Happens to the best of us sometimes."  She has made him think though and he doesn't like it.  Surely she can't he thinks.

"Well..." Mum says, carrying on her conversation with the younger girl's mother "he hasn't lost his front has he?  You can be sure of that."

"I hate you" Jacob exclaims.  He hesitates again, beckons Emily and says to Jerry "come on Jerry, Dad and Pete are up there.  We'll have a walk about first though."  Nobody knows what the matter is but Jerry and Emily follow suit and the three of them head off.

"Mum won't get me" Jacob says to Emily, he looks at her but he's not as bold as he normally is he wants her to back him up.

"What's up?  Don't be such a bad loser!" Emily cracks.  "I’ll beat ya if you carry on."

"She... I don't know, I don't know but... you'll beat me?  Ha!  Don't make me laugh... naaaah never."  He looks to her again still not looking as bold as he normally is and then snaps out of it grinning... "naaaaah!" he says again.

"That's more like it" Emily jests nudging him as she says it, "you can't complain it's against the rules.  Mum didn't make ya lose.  ...And you've got a forfeit to do, ha ha!"  Jacob's sunk slightly again but he tries to hide it.  This isn't like him at all he doesn't like it and Emily knows something's up.  "You can't get out of it" she says, Emily doesn't want Jacob to be miserable and knows there must be a good reason for all of this so she drops it and makes a joke.  "Well love it or hate it you've gotta do it... and I'm gonna love it." "He's got to eat Marmite and cat hair for losing Jerry, is that good or what!"

"Aaaaaaaagh get it in ya" Jerry laughs.

"l ain't scared, 'ere watch this" Jacob boasts. He's spotted an archery patch set up and nobody's using it so he coolly walks over, takes the bow from the guy running it and shoots two bulls eyes straight off no problemo.  "See" he says raising his eyebrows at them, "class... in a glass".  He holds the bow out to them and Emily takes it first, she gets close to the bull but not close enough and Jerry... !  Well Jerry is miles off and for now Jacob's feeling good about himself again.  

They head towards Dad and Pete and decide that watching the athletes run the track is next.  "Hello Pete, Mr Plum" Jerry goes.

"Hello Jerry, hiya Jerry... long time" they reply.  

"Did you see Jacob get his butt whooped?" Pete jibes.

"Yes it was wonderful wasn't it'' Jerry jokes "I couldn't have done it better myself."

"Poetry in motion" Dad chips in, "beautiful work."  Jacob takes this well and smiles, they all smile though the closer Mum gets to them the higher Jacob raises his guard and Dad can tell he's on edge as Mum's closing in on them.

"What's up with thou self today Jacob?" Dad asks.

"He's losing his cool today Dad" Mum says as she overhears him.  "Why did you have to go and spoil it for us Jacob?  We were enjoying it until you started losing"  Mum jokes.  Now to the others this sounded as though it was supposed to brighten Jacob up and snap him out of it, whatever the matter is, remind him that he was actually winning to start off with.  But on a scale of one to ten on how much this would wind Jacob up and make him mad this came in easily at twenty two!  How can she... ?  No it's impossible surely she can't? Jacob's thinking.  All kinds of thoughts are rushing through his head.  How long has she...?  But... why would... why me?  What have I done? You... you can hear me... You... looking right at his Mum into her eyes, he says in his head believing she can hear him as though these words are coming right out of his mouth, YOU CAN HEAR ME, YOU CAN HEAR ME THINKING, I HATE YOU!  This could turn very ugly.

Chapter Ten

The athletics was a hit.  Mum and Emily stayed looking after all of their things while Georgia and the boys watched the athletes and cheered them on.  They all loved it.  Jacob had forgot about Mum for a while, well he'd forgotten completely until he saw her afterwards and heard her talking to one of her friends about face painting.  Everyone loves having their face painted including Jacob... so of course when she said how good it looked when you have it done she had to be talking about Jacob, well that's how Jacob took it anyway.  She must have meant that someone should make him look better because he'd been so miserable!  He knew she was talking about him because he'd been looking at the face painting stall and she could hear him thinking.

This wasn't fair, no this was bad and no matter what Jacob couldn't have it.  He told the others he was going and took Pete and Jerry with him.  They sat in Jacob's room at home listening to music and reading magazines for the rest of the day and he hung up a sign on the outside of his door saying "Keep Out, Stay Out!"
After hours pass Jacob hears Mum calling out to one of her friends who is leaving, quite loudly, "don't go your usual route Jackie the lights are out, trust me go my way go straight over the island and head towards Calthorpe Park it'll be loads better."  Now to everyone else this sounded just like it does to you and me, handy directions for Mum's friend to get home quicker.  But not to Jacob, no no he's not stupid this is the first time he's heard her voice since earlier on and he knows exactly what she's up to.  Mum knows he's cottoned on that she can hear him thinking and these carefully chosen words were meant for him, Jackie or no Jackie. 'The lights are out, trust me go my way' that's what Mum said, she's trying to get into his head and say there's no-one upstairs, and trying to get some sort of hold on him... 'trust me go my way' he hears that bit again in his head.  Well Mum, he thinks, l don't know what you're doing or why but you can think again.  I ain't no sucker, no way.

Now Pete and Jerry left about twenty minutes ago so Jacob thinks he should forget it, put the radio on, kick back and let it all go, and that's exactly what he did.
"Wakey wakey people it's time for another whooping from your favourite DJ's Paul Whitehart and Steve Mayo, THIS is 'For The Record' and for the next two hours we are all yours, that's right we are all yours so keep us locked in!"  Perfect Jacob thinks, perfect.  Nothing else matters now he's got a full helping of 'For The Record' before he goes to bed with Paul Whitehart and Steve Mayo, and whoever else might be going in on the show tonight.  They have regular guest appearances and they're always interesting people, people who aren't scared of being their-selves, people who aren't scared of being different.  What is normal anyway?  Jacob thinks.

What music do they play?  Anything good from anywhere in the world, talented artists just what Jacob likes.  Tonight they have his full attention and he's there right from the start.

"So Paul" says Steve "do we tell them what we've got in store for them tonight or shall we surprise them?

"Well Steve, I think they'll be pleasantly surprised either way but before you hit play take a peek at this gem of a find I had when I was digging through my record collection earlier today...  it's a live recording of someone very special and I can assure you you will not feel disappointed.  You will remember it yourself and for all of you listening at home please cherish this moment.

'I am lonely when I am thinking of you,
Why do I want you to break my heart?  
Picking up my pieces, when will you look,  Every day is a brand new start.'

The beat is good, the song's got rhythm and the voice is so... it captures you.  This is good Jacob thinks, I like it and I know how he feels.  I've been there myself and I didn't win her either.  l don't fancy girls very often but whenever I do I can never reach them, they're too... l don't know, maybe it'll be a long time before l find my true soul-mate.  I don't want to think of girls who I can't have anyway play something proper, make me wanna dance. I won't dance because I don't want Dad or my sisters to walk in and catch me, and especially not Mum, but you're supposed to make me wanna dance and I wanna hear some good tunes.  Nothing soppy like that!
Jacob waits patiently for the recording to finish.  "That was from way back in 2004" says Paul, "and it's timeless, but it's nothing like what we've got in store for you tonight is it Steve?"

"Nope, I'll agree with you there" Steve replies.  

"But" adds Paul, "there's no harm in being reminded of acts like that and of how many different kinds of styles we support here on 'For The Record'.  Anything that is good we play.  Shall we tell our listeners what we've got in store for them tonight then Steve?"

Steve gives a run down of what's happened in the last two weeks and adds that tonight will be quite special because they're expecting a visit from a well respected electronic duo from France. Steve excites Jacob even more by saying that younger listeners are particularly going to like what they've got in store for their-selves tonight and for the weeks to come because young budding DJ's are going to be allowed to compete against one another and the winner or winners will get their own slot on air, with the help of Steve and Paul, on Saturdays and Sunday's before 'For The Record' starts. This is Jacob's dream come true.  He wants to be an actor, a film star, he goes to acting classes already with Pete in the week and when he gets too old to act in films he's going to be a writer.  But he wants to do something now, he isn't as good as he needs to be to be an actor yet. He doesn't want to go on adverts or boring tv programmes he's going straight into films, blockbusters, of course he is. But before he wanted to be a film star he wanted to be a DJ and he's still got to do that yet.  Well he has now anyway!  We'll be famous he thinks, me and Pete, easy. Jerry and the boys will laugh at school if we tell 'em, nah we'll surprise 'em, don't tell anyone, just do it.  They won't be able to believe their ears when they hear us.

I wish I could phone Pete and tell 'im, l wonder if he's listenin'?  He goes to think about askin' Mum if he can use the phone and remembers why he can't.  I don't know why she's doing it or how, how can... why?  Why me?  I haven't done anything to deserve it.  Well I'm not giving in to ya this is cruelty to children, if you can hear me then hear this... Suck Eggs he thinks! Ha haa, he goes to rub his hands together realising he can say whatever he likes to Mum in his head and only she will hear it. She can't prove it he thinks, then all of a sudden he shudders at the thought of what she might do if she can hear him. What if she does something terrible to me?  I mean if she can hear people think what else can she do!  If he would have thought any more about this, as in realise that Mum would be able to hear him right now, this very second thinking about what to do next, every little move, his mind would have turned numb, he would have been able to think no more, he would have been stuck, possibly forever, in this horrible place, this horrible predicament. But then, right then... the impossible happens.  "YOU SUCK EGGS" jokes Steve Mayo! 

Chapter Eleven

Jacob is startled, he heard right he knew he heard right and now his eyes and ears are glued to his radio.  He half smiles, he knows he should be thinking it's a coincidence, he knows what he's SUPPOSED to think.  But what if they could hear him too?  What if something epic just happened?  What if Paul and Steve knew what was going to happen to him tonight and saved him?  As soon as he entertains this thought he feels something happening to him, as though his mind and body, and soul if you like, are entering another world.  A world he never knew existed, a world where there's no turning back once you're there.  What if other people will be able to hear me now too? Other people listening to the show?  This is...  I don't know, this is....  Jacob doesn't know if there are any words to describe how he's feeling right now.  Paul and Steve, he knows this already, and other people like them will too, of course they will. They'll be on his side.  And he'd be famous... this feeling, this feeling words can't describe is rushing through his body and he's a million miles away from where he was only a minute ago.  He can't milk it, over do it you would say, and he should be careful if people all over the country will hear him... but he's too excited to think about anything like that.  Every single word that comes over the air from now on is going to be like a gift to him, he's part of this now and he's waiting on the edge of his bed for either Paul or Steve to speak again.

"If only your mother could hear you now" Paul goads.  Both DJ's laugh at this, on the outside Jacob is listening intently with a mischievous look on his face, on the inside he can't contain his excitement and he's waiting to explode with laughter.  Paul and Steve had been mucking around with each other joking pretty much about anything and everything before announcing the competition and throwing insults at each other, but now Jacob knows it's his turn.

"When I tell my mother to suck eggs" he says, well saying it to them in his head but he knows they can hear him!  "She knows she has to suck eggs.  My mother knows who's boss!"

Both DJ's laugh again.  "Well" Paul jibes, "you know I love your cheek, I'll let you off.  But I don't think your mother will say the same, do you?"  Jacob's smiling.

"If you're listening mother" Steve says, "I blame Paul, he's a bad influence on me.  I think you should call him up and give him a good telling off.  Yeah, you tell 'im Mum!"

"Yeah you tell 'im Mum!" Jacob goads. He's smiling from ear to ear, THIS is what you call revenge and there'll be nothing Mum can do!  "I think Mum, this is what you call victory!"

Or is it?  Because right then, from nowhere, a voice sounding like it was coming from under water talks to Jacob in his head.  He could hear a voice in his head, and disguised as though it was coming from under water or not, he could tell straight away that it was none other than his Mum.  "Ooh darling, Jacob darling... be very afraid, be VERY afraid. You don't know do you!"  Mum's voice goes. Jacob is brave, he knows this is real, he can feel her, and he can feel right away that this could turn very bad.  He focuses on where Mum's voice is coming from and won't back down, he tries to show her he'll be able to handle her, that he's got a plan and she can't come in the way of it, but Mum feels his true feelings, Mum raised him of course.  Jacob doesn't know why Mum is doing this, he suspects lots of people can hear and feel what is happening right now and he has to go on. This 'thing' is happening and Jacob knows he can make good of it.  He will, he has to believe.  For some reason Mum is trying to torment and humiliate him.  Crush him for the world to see, if she could she would. Why?  Has something horrible happened?

All Jacob knows is that Mum, Steve Mayo, Paul Whitehart and... if he's lucky thousands of other listeners can hear him thinking and feel him.  He's got a very good imagination and they can probably see what he's imagining too, if he can play this well this could be the best thing that has EVER happened to ANYONE!  Keep it up Jacob, keep it up. 

Chapter Twelve

It's time for a song...  "Funnily enough the title to this next track is quite fitting isn't it Steve?" Paul quips.

"If you're trying to dedicate this to my Mum" Steve jokes "I'd be very careful, you're incredibly brave!"

"I can't wait" says Jacob, well I think we know what I mean by this now... Jacob's saying this in his head but he knows that they and hopefully thousands of others can hear him too.

"It SO is" says Paul. They both laugh and Paul introduces it... "For the next four and a half minutes you're going to be hearing My Buddy with You Shake Me Up and you WILL like it."

"Yes Mum, you WILL like it" Steve jibes rubbing it in, "l can't wait 'til you call in Paul's going to learn a thing or two tonight for sure.  What my Mum says goes people!"

"Yeah" says Jacob... "goes in one ear and out the other!"

"I hope you don't blame me for everything he says Mum" Paul pleas, "just listen to this people".  And he fades the track in, much to Jacob's delight.  You couldn't write this, this is definitely not a coincidence Jacob's thinking, smiling from ear to ear.  Jacob know's that they're on his side, he can hear Mum saying something to him in the background again, probably something horrible, but the words of My Buddy who Steve and Paul are playing right now are making this so much easier for him. What's wrong with Mum?  He doesn't know.  All this is happening rather quickly, all he knows is this is BIG.

(lyrics)...

'You shake me up you like a woman insane,
You got my number but you can't have my brain,  
You wanna thrill?  
I got the will...  
Ooh my Mama the world is on fire.

Guitar lude...

Call on me,  
You got me now,  
Call on me,
Alright now now...

The next time I got you in view,
I might just show ya what I can do,
l'll give you a choice you can choose,  Any which way you will lose.

Call on me,  
You got me now,  
Call on me,
Alright now now... '

This is enough for Jacob!  He is roaring with laughter.  Mum will be steaming.  Furious.  "Ha haa" he says to Mum in his head... "this is MY turn!"

Too right, she definitely heard, "turn that raquet down" she shouts up to him.

"No problemo" he calls back, still smiling, on go the headphones... cranked right up!  "Oh yes" he says to himself, "oh yes".  Ha ha haaa.

"Well Mum's gonna be calling any time soon" says Steve as You Shake Me Up fades out.  Then just as Paul's about to come back with something clever...

"Amazing, unbelievable, this is amazing..." Jacob can hear another voice but this one's not his mother's.  He sounds about five or six years old and his voice is so high pitched you could mistake him for a screamer on bonfire night!  

Jacob's just about to ask him who he is when the young boy laughs and screams to him again "he he heeeee...  you don't know who I am do you!"  Jacob isn't frightened, he knows this voice isn't inside his head and even though he can tell this boy's calling him from far far away he has to look out of his bedroom window onto the street below just to be double sure.

"Got ya!"  Screams the little boy, "he he he I know who you are!  Unbelievable, unbelievable I saw everything.  They can hear you they can hear you."

"Who are you?" Jacob asks the boy (he doesn't have to ask him out loud the little boy can hear and feel him thinking just like the others).

"You don't know do you?" screams the little boy.  Jacob goes to call the little boy's bluff and pretend he know's exactly what's going on but the boy's too clever. "He he heeee... I know what you're doing.  He thinks he can trick me."

Who's he talking to?  Jacob wonders, how many people can hear what's going on and feel me?

"You need me you need me" screams the little boy.

Jacob goes to hesitate and ponder this revelation but before he even hesitates the boy is on his case again with a high pitched raucous laugh...  "Ra ha ha ha haaaaa!"  The boy is smart and Jacob thinks that he likes him, can he trust him? "You don't know you don't know" screams the boy before Jacob can even ask himself whether he trusts him.  The little boy is playing with him already, he likes him and there's a magical bond between them right away.

"What..." Jacob goes to ask him who he is and what's going on but the little boy cuts in again.
"You're missing all the fun, you're missing all the fun."
Jacob glances back at his radio.

"Yes, you're missing all the fun you're missing all the fun."

Jacob knows the little boy is right and all attention goes back to the radio, for a few seconds... then "warb warb warb" the voice from under water returns.  "Oh yes, oh yes, what about me?"  It's Mum again and her deep wallowing voice is so heavy Jacob is struggling to stay in control.  She doesn't normally sound like this but on here she must want to.

"I'm listening to the radio" Jacob exclaims, then he remembers the track Paul and Steve just played.  "You're too scary remember!"

As Mum lays off for two seconds this is enough for Jacob to loose her grip on him and focus on Paul and Steve again, the timing is perfect.

"Oh yes, now that's what I'm talking about!  I'm not scared of your Mum!" Paul bellows.

"You do know she's going to take it out on me now" says Steve.

"Well, you know what to do Steve... just whistle and I'll be there".  Magic... Paul and Steve have done it again for him.

"I don't know how you're doing this guys but thank you" Jacob says, "this is awesome."

"No problemo" says Paul, "don't forget we're looking for young budding DJ's listening right now to start competing for a slot here on Free Radio before 'For The Record' starts and you just don't know... could it be you?"  "We have our cans on, our headphones if you don't know what that means, and if you're under sixteen we're waiting for you to call and tell us why you think you should be the lucky one or one's to come on air.  Hit me people I love it when a plan comes together!"

"Yes... are you a double act or a threesome?  Have you got an idea to put out a show on your own?  Come on... call us now on 0845 444 4444"  follows Steve.

"Me and my friend could" beams Jacob.

"We KNOW you can do it" goes Paul.

"Yessssss" Jacob says this out loud.  "I can't call though, not properly, I mean what about my Mum I bet she won't let me.  I don't know what's happening or why she's doing it."

"Play the game guys" says Steve.

What does that mean? Jacob thinks.  Do they want me and Pete to show them what we can do?  Are they playing me up? Have we got to play THEIR game to get through?  Or maybe that bit wasn't meant for me!

"Ha ha haaaaaaa" Paul bellows, "you know it makes sense!"

Jacob laughs, that's all he can do.  I mean what else can he do!  He's now convinced that that was meant purely for him and it's very funny.  He's instantly got a new bond with them too, he liked them already and now, now they can hear him thinking and so can probably everyone else listening to the show.  I mean that's how it works right?  He thinks.  This is phenomenal, this is awesome.

Then comes the next song...

'Monica, I believe you when you smile,  
Take off those false eyelashes,  Come sit with me for a while.

I hear you whispering, in my head,  
Better than talking,  
We'll do this instead,  
I see that look...  
You have in your eye,  
I don't think we'll ever...  Need to say goodbye.

Come, come play with me,  
We'll sit,  
In an imaginary tree,  
We can do anything, there is no end,
All we need, to do is pretend.'

"This is good" thinks Jacob, "this is very good."  He never used to like songs like this, he was far too manly for that, but lately, just lately... he does, and he's not scared to say it.  Lucky for him... because if he didn't want anyone to know it would be too late now!  He knows this.

'I see a pilot,  
He had to crash-land,  
We have to help him...  
Come with me take my hand.  
Quick, we haven't got long,  
We must reach them
Before the end of this song.

So come, come play with me,
Shall we sit... in our imaginary tree?'

"Wow", this is all Jacob can say.  "Wow."

"I like it, I like it" screams the little boy.

Jacob is happy to hear him again.  "This is special" Jacob says to him, "quite special. Stay and listen to the rest of the show with me."

The song plays out and Jacob's itching to call Pete.  Maybe he's listening, the same as me thinks Jacob.  What if he can hear me too?  "This is..." he goes to say "this is awesome" but he stops... "this is scary, wohhhh."  "People can hear me, you can all hear me, I mean I think you can.  You'd better like me or this could get ugly, I mean woh I'm not being big-headed or anything, no this isn't punishment it's awesome. I don't know how long this is gonna last for, l don't even know what's happening all I know is this is great.  I'm on 'For The Record', I'm on air, is this really happening to me!???"

"You bet ya" laughs Paul.

"I don't think he heard me" goes the first caller in to tonight's show, a young lad in his teens.

"Naa I heard ya loud and clear" jibes Steve, "what do ya mean is this for real of course this is for real!"

"He he... you kiddin' me right?"  Jacob's smiling from ear to ear, he loves being wound up.  But don't push it...

"Jacob darling... would you like a mug of cocoa before you go to bed?" His Mum calls up to him, "or some warm milk?"  
"You are trying to humiliate me as much as you possibly can?  Right?" Jacob says quietly out loud.  "No!  And I'm not going to bed yet it's early, I'm listening to 'For The Record'" he shouts down to her, boldly of course for now he has an audience.

"Aaah bless" says Steve "well I bet you'd make a fine DJ but remember it's a competition so you need to impress us with something!"

"I can do that" says the caller, "thanks, speak soon."  There are a few laughs and the caller hangs up.

Jacob's sitting on the edge of his bed now giving his full attention to the show.  "We won't disappoint you" he says to Paul and Steve, "or any of you at home, we haven't got a plan Pete might not even know about it yet..."  ...Steve's laughing midsentence now, "but we'll guarantee you something good.  I know it I can feel it."

"Woo ha ha ha haaaa" a hollow hearty laugh from Mum comes from nowhere inside Jacob's head, he knows it's her but it get's lost amongst his excitement.  "Woo ha ha ha haaaa" Mum tries again... it's not working.

Chapter Thirteen

This is a dream come true for anyone and Jacob spends the next hour and a half playing with Paul and Steve and showing off to his new audience.  The best part? ...it's all good.

"We're getting tons of your messages tonight people the phone's are buzzing like crazy, please don't stop.  We're getting an overwhelming response to our competition too.  Phone us, impress us."  That was Steve talking.

Jacob knows that when they say 'phone us' they're also talking to him.  Meaning by telepathy of course.  Whatever's been happening today, particularly tonight, talking like this over the air, by thinking... this was meant to happen.  But why me? They can all hear me.  I've been talking with Paul and Steve and I know they can hear me, I mean it can't be a coincidence EVERY time can it?  Every time I say something they talk back to me.  Even the people phoning in have been talking to me.
"Well if you believe that you'll believe anything!"  Says Paul.  Paul and Steve laugh at this and Jacob smiles.  I'm glad they like me he thinks.  He tried to think this to himself but he thinks, HE KNOWS everyone else will have heard him.

"I think he's got something special" says the next caller.

"Really?" says Jacob with excitement.

"Yes I've been listening to him a lot lately" goes Paul.  Jacob gets worried, how long have they been able to hear me? He thinks.

"He's a great singer we should get him on the show" says the caller.  Hang on a minute, Jacob smiles, are they trying to get me to sing... on air?

"If only" goes Paul, "that would be awesome.  It's been on my to-do list for a very long time, trust me.  In fact I think it's time for one of his songs.  Here we go crank it up Steve...  'Forever People'..."

'Do you remember Forever?  
We'll never say bye,  
It took a few lifetime's,  
But there's no need to cry,  
Lashings of red, we're all on the scene,  
I'm only a young one so please keep it clean.

I CAME, YOU SAW the plot,
A dream, it's not forgot.

I CAME, YOU SAW the plot,
A dream, it's not forgot...'

Jacob's singing already.  He's dreamt of this very moment and he knows just what to do.  He's singing his heart out.

'I know a great secret, we'd better not tell,  
If you like what I'm saying just give us a yell,  
I believe in a miracle, we'll sure have some fun,  
From the Prophets to the people, I'm not the only one.

Come play, come play, come play,  Your way, our way, our day...'

Percussion kicks in, sweeping sounds take over, and if you were listening you're on another level!

"You know what it's for" screams the little boy, "you know what it's for."

Jacob's half expecting something from Mum again, this is too good to be true, but instead he hears a sharp whisper in his head.  It's Steve... "Oooh, careful of that one" he warns, in the nicest way possible.

"The dream" Jacob gasps.

"You are clever" the whisper says to him.

Jacob hasn't had any lessons or coaching for this he has to listen to his gut and believe in himself.  He knows this is for real, he knows this is big, he knows he can't tell all, and right now he's running blind.  No pressure, people can hear and feel him think!  Have a dream?  Know a secret?  You can't imagine it!

Tonight is a hit, Jacob's acquainting himself, or reacquainting himself with his friends and his audience without giving too much away.  They discover he can sing and Jacob will see that big was the understatement of the century, this is going to be one hell of a journey.

Chapter Fourteen

It's Sunday afternoon, no-one but Mum in the Plum household will let on whether they know about last night and Jacob's not sure where to place Mum in all of this now.  Mum's only ever been kind to him, like any other loving mum, what does she know that he doesn't?  Why was she trying to swallow his brain up last night with her voice by telepathy?  Surely she would've given him mercy?  Surely she would've let go?

Jacob's been testing her all morning.  "Gis a hug Mum," "sing me a song Mum," making ghostly noises...  "Whooo-oo-ooo" and tribal chants just to see what she does...  "hama hama hama hama haaama."

Mum doesn't give much away to this, only the odd crooked smile which is most suspicious.  But over the air waves?  Or on the phone Paul and Steve would say... Mum is playing Jacob something rotten!

"Over here" says a sharp whisper in 
Jacob's head by his left ear.  "No no... too baaaadd, too slow... over here, you' re supposed to smile.  Can you beat me again?  Make me proud my boy!"

"Give me a chance," Jacob's getting confident again, "you've got an unfair advantage.  I need at least a second or two to make you look stupid!  Nope, don't worry.  I know what you want.  You don't want me to beat you now do you, you want me to give you a whoopin' later, ON AIR!  Oh yes!  I like it!"

"Less of the small talk" goes Mum's hollow voice, "you're messin' with me.  Now you don't know yet because I don't want you to know yet.  Ya think I'm gonna make it this easy for ya forever?  Hmm!  Think again!

"Ahh..." Jacob goes to say something back and he nearly did, but lucky for him he thinks first, his senses got the better of him.  Mum might not know, he thinks.  This IS how Mums find things out about you, they try to trick you.  Think stupid!  He said that to himself but Mum heard.
"Do I know?"  She says.  "...I think I'm going to like this!"

When Jacob looks up Mum's looking right at him smiling.  "Are you not going to see Pete today?" She asks him out loud.

"Um, yeah of course I am.  I was going to walk actually I wanna walk."

"That's fine" Mum says, "give us a ring later if you want a lift back."

"Yeah, thanks I will."  Mum knows something he thinks, I don't know what but Mum knows something.

Jacob goes to get ready and pops his head round Georgia's door on the way.  "Hello Hunny-Bunny" he says.

"Hello ya big fart" she jokes.  Jacob wonders whether Georgia was listening last night and whether she knows.

"You listen to 'For The Record' last night?" He asks her.

"Oh know!  I know what you're gonna do!" She goes.

Jacob pauses.  "Oh yes, you'd better believe it!  We'll be bigger than Japan, me and Pete rippin' it up!"  He bounces the rest of the way to his room grinning from ear to ear and gets himself ready to walk to Pete's.

Every person he passes on the way he looks wonderingly in the eye hoping they'll let on that they know who he is from last night.  He doesn't know what he'll say to them if they do recognise him but he wants people to know who he is.  I mean this is big he thinks, this is... awesome.  He starts off with a friendly raise of the eyebrow, and a knowingly look in the eye.
Then a smile, it gets bigger, and bigger, and bigger.   Do they all know?  He's not quite sure... within five minutes he's best friends with everyone he passes all the same!  He greets every person with a big smile and a 'hello' and both boys and girls his age, most of who he doesn't know, they see a spark in his eye and like him straight away.  They laugh and smile.  A wolf-whistle from a pretty girl, "too-too-too-woo" a boy calls out, "Ladies anddd Gentleman" another calls.  He must know Jacob thinks.  "Hello sexy" one girl shouts as she walks with her friends.  He could definitely get used to this.
Pete see's him from his window and rushes down to let him in.  Jacob greets him with a gracious smile and then bows before opening his arms out wide.  "You know what I mean don't ya!"  He exclaims.

"New sneeks?" Pete goes.

"What!" Jacob's bewildered.  He's playing me, he's gotta be playing me.

"Don't tell me, you beat Emily hands down play-fighting?  No flaws.  And she didn't make you submit, not once!"

"Better," ...come on Jacob's thinking.
Please tell me you know.

"I'm not telepathic, tell me" Pete goes.

"I knew you knew.  Me and you, we got some thinking to do.  We gonna be famous!"

"What now?" Pete smiles.

Jacob rushes past Pete up to his room and beckons him on.  "We're gonna tear it apart, we're gonna give them the best show ever!"
Pete's looking him in the eye, grinning, waiting.  Suddenly a bit more of the dream comes to Jacob,  "'ere, grab this." He throws Pete one of his microphones and holds a headphone to his ear.  Turns on the system, finds a fitting tune and signals Pete to start with the palm of his hand...

"Breakneck speeds, find out about you,  
Send me high, send me low,
What do you think I am to do?

Do you wanna hear a little secret?  
Can I trust ya, do ya really wanna keep it?  
Boom boom, Shaka Laka Laka Laka   
Boom boom...  tssssssssssss!"  

Jacob's liking it, goading Pete on... waiting for more.

"Funny, you know what?  
Look me in the eye  
I ain't no robot.  
Brothers, sisters, they try to tell us all the time,  
But we're real, we may be children  
But this ain't no nursery rhyme!

Power of our minds,  
We know just what to do,  
Don't look at me funny…  
(points at Jacob eyeing him with a smile)  
I'm only thinking of you!"

"Bo, bo, bo" shouts Jacob!  High fives and knuckles, it's only just begun.  "WE... ARE GONNA BE FAMOUS.  Can you dig it?  Can you dig it?" He carries on with excitement.

"Did you listen to 'For The Record' last night?" Pete asks him!

Jacob's smiling, he doesn't know what to say.

"It was really good" Pete goes, "some old classics, an electronic duo from France, and some mad interference from a really strange guy.  I don't think I was the only person who heard him, I can't have been. He must've been really freaking some people out.  I mean when I say weird I mean..."
Jacob's looking at him horrified... worried...

Pete stalls, stops mid-way and for a few seconds stares at Jacob with a 'what's wrong with you, you look as though you need the toilet really badly look'!

Jacob's ready to be embarrassed extremely quickly, if he can't think of a way out of this he'll be living up to his family surname quite literally very soon.
(That is Plum in case you've forgotten!)
"Errrrr, errrrrrr..."

...Pete's not making it easy for him but suddenly, much to his disappointment, his conscience kicks in,  and he let's go... "aahhhhhhhh psyche!  I so didn't want to let you out of that one!" He goes.

Jacob's shoulders drop back down with relief from ear level to below his neck again and they're both laughing.  I mean this will be phenomenal if they play their cards right.  

Chapter Fifteen

"We've got to make a demo" says Pete.

"We can mix it, electronic, us joking about and some proper music" says Jacob.  "You know it's us."

They both look at each other then and neither of them will go any further.

"We could call it 'Welcome To Our World'" Jacob goes.  "Come on, if we make a mix now we can take it down to them after the show."

Pete suddenly feels something coming up from inside of him, he's taken over by it and even if he wanted to he'd be powerless to stop it.  "No no, not 'Welcome To OUR World', 'Welcome To MY World'. Everyone's gonna have it you know, just imagine it... everyone saying it.  Especially when we take over."  His whole face is lit up now and he can't contain his excitement.  Jacob feels the power of his dreams coming up from inside him too, he can't contain his excitement either.  They smile, they know... they've begun. 

Chapter Sixteen

Recording...

"What you're about to experience tonight might frighten you, it might amaze you. Be bold.  Welcome To My World... you might say!  We're just a couple of heroes kickin' about with nothing better to do than entertain you.  We even know you've all been waiting for us and yes this is for real.  Here is my friend Pete..."

"Hello people.  That was Jacob and just like he said I'm his friend Pete.  You can be sure we'll do our very best to terrify you, right out of your skin, but first we need to help you open your minds... so feel what we have here and dig deep deep down into your souls..."  Followed by a big, hollow, haunted recorded laugh... 'Rrrrrraa ha ha ha haaaa!'

...Jacob plays a spellbinding mix from Pete's collection of electronica and they both know it'll work when they go on for real.  Every so often Jacob nods to Pete and Pete offers soothing subtle words over the mix like "Feel it..." "let it touch you..." "open your soul, let us in, that's it, deeper..." 'more sound effects,' "deep into your world, the REAL world..." "feel alivvvvve" and the sound of violins and screeching noises like you'd hear at the scary part of your favourite horror movie, and orchestral pieces that add a bit of humour to it straight from an old classic cartoon.  The odd heavy breath of a heavenly god from above.  It's going great, no better than great it's phenomenal.

"Paul... Steve" Jacob goes, "we don't want to give too much away or spoil what's going to happen.  We can mix, as you can see, and we REALLY hope you like us. We're a double act and we like anything good.  Electronica, folk, alternative music, rare stuff... but better than that we like to play and we can't wait to wind you up, and all of you lovely listeners.  Did I just say all of you lovely listeners?  So I did!  Well, people!  We're glad we can be here together like this, we know you can't wait... now please, just dance in your pants :) ..."

The end of the demo comes with a quirky song that you'd only expect to hear at a fairground or circus, adults with quirky child-like voices singing along to accordion's and other wonderful sounding instruments.  But the effect is great.

"Perfect" they both go.  "Come back here after 'The Big Mix' and we'll take it to them" Pete says.  They both know it's good, and Jacob heads back to his house until later.

Chapter Seventeen

"You remember me, you remember me!" Jacob's little friend is back, screaming from somewhere out there.  He's sure glad to hear him again, he wishes he knew who he really is.  He instantly remembers this very moment though from his dreams, this is MEANT to happen.

"That's it" screams his little friend. Jacob's just about to say something else, he's in awe of everything that's happening, but his little friend says it for him, again!  "From the dream, from the dream.  We made it happen, we made it happen."

It's hitting Jacob slowly, yes... his little friend's right and he doesn't need to try and work this out, he remembers this very moment.  It's exactly the same as the dream, his little friend's in the dream screaming everything he's just said, Jacob's stood in his bedroom just where he should be, everything that's happened so far, yesterday and today, feels right, but... no, I'm going with it he thinks, l'm not going to try and work this out.  This IS really happening, and...

"You know what to do!" Screams the little boy.

Again... "same as the dream, same as the dream..." they both say this in unison. This IS really happening and Jacob IS going with it.  He feels right, he knows something from deep inside of him, what he can't say, even to himself.  But he's going to LET this happen, he's going to LET his dreams take over, he's going to FOLLOW them, and he HAS to have faith in himself.

"Good luck" screams his friend, "I can't wait, I can't wait."

It's time for 'For The Record', electronica tonight and what a night, it's all in the visuals.

Jacob's just about to sit in his chair, put on his headphones, when there's a knock on his door.  He knows who it is, it's Emily. It opens slowly, and Hiyyyyyyyaa... Emily kung fu chops her way into his room. Emily, I forgot about Emily.  He bounds over to her before he starts, knowing that she knows.  It's a special moment and Emily is looking at him in awe.  He's amazing she thinks.  Georgia is stood at the edge of the door smiling, knowingly too, and blows him a kiss.  "Don't forget what you said Hunny-Bunny" she says, before Emily gives him a massive smacker on the cheek and giggles to herself.  "My own brother" she exclaims.  "Don't make me blush" Jacob goes, he's a bit embarrassed and his two sisters skip off giggling and muttering to themselves.  Yes this is happening he says to himself.

On go the phones and he's ready, ready as he'll ever be.  He's missed the intro and the first track's winding in.  "I'm sure they'll let me off" he goes.  He knows what he's doing before he's even thought about it, the power of dreams that is, but nothing could've prepared him for the next bit...

' "And we have a latecomer, I saw it in my dreams, we don't have to hide him, EVERYTHING'S as it seems" goes the voice-over, "we gonna rock ya tonight...  ohhhhhhh yeahhhhh." '

"How could he have predicted that?" Jacob thinks.

"Oh yes, we've got it all to come" goes Paul over the top, "open your minds people, let us in."  Then he cranks up the volume and on a scale of one to ten the warp factor is fourteen!

Jacob's immersed himself into the sound already, like most of the other listeners, but tonight, like many of the nights to come, it's him who they can all feel and it's his visuals they can all see.  Jacob's taken the helm.  He start's as he always does, he makes his own visuals in his head all the time to electronic music, with a journey through a psychedelic tunnel with more colours and intertwining images than you can possibly imagine.  Though, like last night, he has at the very least a national audience, all of the listeners can see and if you're listening online you could be on the other side of the world.  We've been dreaming of this very moment for lifetimes and generations, oh yes... we all know the hidden agenda here deep down even if we haven't quite clicked yet.  We have a lot to do, and we all believe.  Some who believe and aren't listening will feel Jacob tonight too, on day two.
"We're gonna take you to a better world" Jacob goes,  "and we' re gonna have a lotta fun..."

A tunnel turns into a clever white and forty shades of blue mottled moving skin, like a fish on the ocean floor blending into the corals, upon which multi-coloured cartoon wooden figures appear to be dancing, writing on boards teaching smaller cartoon figures.  Cartoon bullets with angry faces roll through the moving skin in all manner of directions, mottled pieces of fruit like water-melons, oranges and raspberrys burst into his face from the skin, or into the faces of thousands of others who are watching in awe.  They know it's coming from Jacob, the same person they could hear and feel last night, and to make doubly sure they know who he is Jacob puts out a few colourful psychedelic pictures of himself, laughing and smiling.

"All aboard people, welcome I'm Plum, we've work to do yet, come on have some fun."

"Who's this?" He goes...  Watercolours of Paul and Steve follow, Jacob's got one hell of an imagination...

"That's what we like" they both say over the mic.  

Jacob's smiling from ear to ear inside, he remembers them from before too you see. What does that mean?  He knows them from many lifetimes ago... at that particular time they were the same age and went to school together... it was somewhere around the seventies.  They were buddies, there were quite a few of them and some of them made a pact. Many believe you see, but Jacob and these guys... they had to act, and today?  Here they are!  Voila!  Why not!

How did Paul and Steve manage to know Jacob back in the seventies where they were all the same age at school, and now forty years later only be in their late thirties and early forties?  Jacob only eleven?  We all come back round you see. If you don't believe in reincarnation you might get a bit confused here... you see when you pass away your soul doesn't die. Your soul... YOU, you live forever.  Only when you come to be born again you don't wait to find a willing mother to have you... Just like when you dream and see things and make things happen in the future, your soul travels far into the future while you're dreaming when this happens like when Jacob and his little friend dreamt of each other and of what happened earlier when Jacob came home from Pete's... your soul can also travel back in time after you 'pass away'.  ONE of your great great grandparent's children will start a family, and ONE of their children's children will have either your great great grandmother or great great grandfather.  And they will then have your great grandparents, who will have your grandparents, who will have your parents, who will have you again, only two or three generations later this time.  I guess there aren't any hard and fast rules so really you can go back as far as you like so long as what you all want to do works, but those are the basics! Technically there could be two or more of you at any one time.  Great for pulling practical jokes on people, BUT BEWARE!

Suddenly the watercolour of Steve's purple and blue tongue unfolds into another tube, this time red and white, swirling with pink grapefruit juice gushing down the middle of it.  A bird's eye view of following it down into the emerald green depths of hell inside the cavities of Steve's cartoon-like chest follows where miniature devil dwarfs carrying red hot forks trot around looking for people to poke with them.  There's a cartoon orange and white puddle and Jacob dives right into it as though he's going into a porthole.

When Jacob's creating these visuals he lets them take over him, he can feel them all around him.  He enters another world and he can do anything he wants, showing other people as he see's it, thousands of people at least, is awesome.  He can feel the adrenaline pumping through his veins and nothing else comes close to what he's feeling right now.

On the other side of the porthole is a blue, red and green smokey jelly-like substance that Jacob's swimming through, it's 3d and it's full of smaller portholes stretched and frozen in time.  You can still see the last things that passed through them.  One is blue, yellow and white and you can see a  white cartoon duck wearing black shades, a black leather cap, tons of coloured necklaces and chains and he's smoking a cigar with green smoke.  In another there's red 3d lettering that seems to go down forever.  It starts with 'Don't Take Drugs', the rest you don't need to see.  The hidden photo's behind looked as though they were of people with broken lives... like I say you don't need to be told that that's what drugs do to you.

A round purple cartoon body with reddish spots floats past, you can't tell much from his face but attached to his belt are chains, from which young black slaves appear to be breaking free from, then full size images of young black men hurtle towards his eyes, and anyone else who can see, wearing golden crowns full of jewels, and talking into microphones as presidents. He's showing the black slaves coming to power in a better world.  The jelly-like substance has turned into a deep blue abyss full of colourful stars and mystique. Green's, pinks, pale blues.  It's like looking into another galaxy scattered with silhouettes of life.  Faint blurred faces on deep blue and black backgrounds twist and float past, happy ones, confused ones, cheeky ones that wink at you.  A shopping trolley full of bank notes appears to be resting on top of a green-brown canal.

"What you're about to see WAS the way of the world, what you'll do will change that.  It just wasn't right." Goes the man's voice over the radio, it's pre-recorded in the track.  The mood of 'The Big Mix' is deep and strangely authoritative, of course.  Perfect for what we have planned.  "'Ere come the boss-man" the voice continues.

Chalked 'fat cats' on black backgrounds appear, very few of them, counting stacks of cash, drinking champagne round swimming pools, surrounded by money hungry women and fast cars...  

"But why be rich when you can be happy?!" Jolts the strong Jamaican voice over the track... then the visuals brighten up again.  

They show a lotta people, wearing everyday clothes, with modest houses, having fun with each other and being happy, handing over one pound coins to modest shopkeepers, their neighbours, rather than the fat-cats handing over fifty pound notes to so called 'babes' to pay for fancy champagne, surrounded by fancy cars not even knowing what happy means anymore.

The message is clear... most of the money in this world, taken from us of course, is owned by a few small groups of people who NEED to be greedy.  Fat-cats!  They're so greedy they've forgotten what it's like to be really happy!  They've got lots of money but they still think it's okay to make more, and most of them don't know how to treat people properly anymore because the money's gone to their heads! The rest of us?  We're happy and we stick together, there are plenty of ways to skin a cat!

Bright blue, purple and white fireworks burst out towards Jacob and everyone who can see, followed by sunflowers floating down towards a green-blue crystal lake.  Crimson, yellow, turquoise, orange, emerald green, purples, pinks... then a face made of smoke blows them all out and they turn to dust.  Spectacular. Jacob's got everyone's attention and they want more, but NOBODY is prepared for this...  the virtual world surrounding Jacob and all the believers who want to see goes deep blue again, then a white ice hockey pitch with red lines settles in front and a black puck smashes a makeshift screen in front of them.

"Okay" goes the voice over the break-beat track, "time for some hockey, courtesy of Mr Fellows... Pete Fellows!"  Pete's joining the helm and they're going to play ice-hockey 'over the air' together... in front of everyone!  Jacob is taken aback he wasn't expecting this, but he's sure game for it.  Who could have thought of it?  None other than his best friend Pete, Jacob couldn't have a better surprise and it just goes to show how hard people who believe have been secretly working.

We planned all of this in our dreams, and Jacob came up with this daring plan many lifetimes ago, once the seed had been planted inside his head, this is gonna be phenomenal!  Because Pete's so close to Jacob, being his best friend, he's been able to see his way through to create visuals just like him on the same level.  It's Pete creating the pitch, or it was... now they're both holding it...  They both make a ref by mistake, l don't think I'd be able to resist that one, and Pete 'kicks off'!  Jacob's blue and Pete's red!  

"Amazing" Jacob's little friend screams, "amazing!"

Jacob wasn't expecting to hear him then.  "You'll love him" he tells the audience, and he means it.  Paul and Steve make makeshift crowd noises with the special effects and Jacob is already finding himself defending his blue goals. You've got to have some unwritten rules of course to make this work but that's all part of it it seems.  

Bang!  Pete's up one nil.  Jacob kicks off this time, glides his players forward passing the puck around to his men.  Jacob controls, or imagines, his players and Pete controls his.  They're ACTUALLY playing virtual ice-hockey as though they had a games console online, only this is much better and they have thousands of spectators at least!  Just think, soon everyone who believes will be able to use this virtual visual playground.

All they have to do is try while they can feel and see Jacob's visuals, and then they can pass it on and share it with other believers they know.  Before long that could be millions and millions of people... we've been planning this for lifetimes!  Of course you know we all meet up in our dreams in the midst of the night already? That's how this all started, only Jacob was such a strong believer he kind of automatically took the helm.  The more you believe in what's right the more right thinking people you'll reach.  Simple.

Bang... from a 'winger' on the left, to an 'attacker', a close shave Pete nearly crippled one of Jacob's players... to the Blue's striker and yes... we have an equaliser.  This is awesome!  So was Jacob's celebrations... all of his players dancing and break-dancing to the break beat tunes!  It's not serious of course and before long they're mucking about jumping onto each other's backs rather than tackling, and picking up the puck and playing rugby with it instead to be funny, but you get the picture... it's the best.  You can do anything, play with anyone you know.  Shockingly good.

Chapter Eighteen

For believers who didn't think they had a very good imagination the trance-like music to follow coupled with our dreams to help them we open their minds and they suddenly see more than they ever could have wished for.  It'll be possible for all believers to do what Jacob does.

Jacob and Pete are pulling cartoon faces and moonies at each other now for all to see!  They're having a ball!  A make believe cricket ball goes soring into a cartoon version of Jacob's face before exploding outwards into a banana, still wrapped around his face... and some people who are watching are starting to learn how to use this virtual playground right now too.  How?  They can just feel it... we've been dreaming of this for years. They put up pastel and silhouette faces of people laughing at Jacob and Pete, an audience for them to play to.  Thousands and thousands at least can see all of this Jacob and Pete think.  Jacob answers by pouring a bucket of custard over Pete on a make-shift  stage before they both end up chasing members of the audience around with purple velvet sheets wrapped around them pretending to be ghosts. 'Woooo ha ha ha haaaaa'...

Paul and Steve are still there, in stitches laughing, and there are sound effects galore.  This is a phenomenon, for all of us, we've been waiting for it in our dreams for so long and Paul and Steve can see the online global audience, there's more than ever. Thousands we thought?  Hundreds of thousands of listeners tonight alone, and millions and millions of believers who aren't listening yet can feel and see what's happening.  They're learning their time has come.

This slap-stick comedy from Jacob and Pete carries on right the way through and at the end of 'The Big Mix' Pete signals to Jacob that he'll pick him up in five.

After Jacob's high fived everyone in his family a dozen times each, Mum, Dad, Georgia, Emily, there's an excited knock at the door.  As Jacob makes way for it Mum rests her hand on his shoulder and says lovingly "you'll see", before whispering to herself softly under her breath "make me proud."  It's Pete and his dad of course and they race to the car full of excitement.  They're going to the Free Radio studio to catch Paul and Steve.  None of them know what to say to each other even though they've dreamt of this moment for lifetimes.  All they can do is smile and laugh at each other until they get there.

Paul and Steve had been expecting them and they welcome them in.  Paul takes the demo Pete's holding and says "thank-you, there really is no need though.  We know it'll be good but we need you both on the outside.  We don't want you to come on by yourselves BEFORE us, we want you to come in as special guests WITH us. Fifteen minutes every Saturday, every Sunday.  Not for a few months or a year, forever."

"What's  more" says a girl in her late twenties, it's Kerry Rice from the 'Say It Loud' show Monday's to Thursday's... I want you both to call me every night at seven fifteen to make a guest appearance on my show too.  Same deal.

Jacob and Pete don't know what to say for once.  "Why of course" goes Jacob.

"Absolutely" says Pete.

Hands are shaken, hugs from Kerry Rice are given.  "Thank you" that's all they can manage.  Kerry was one of them too back in the day, lifetimes ago.  She was in on the pact, and the others having been working hard at it elsewhere.

"Before we go..." Jacob smiles, "I only like chicken on Wednesday's, my sister is a tyrannosaurus rex and I only like buffalo's."  He smiles again, and so do Paul, Steve and Kerry.  

"Mine's a hot dog" goes Pete, "Eddie's a wizard he likes Kung Fu."

They don't know what their game is but there's something about Jacob and Pete that they like, and right now... that's pretty much all they can say.

"You may be blue, but you CAN'T be a porcupine!" Goes Jacob.  With that Jacob and Pete, soon followed by Pete's Dad, turn on their feet and head back out.  It's so surreal you might have to pinch your skin.

Chapter Nineteen

The power of dreams, and believers learning how to use this virtual playground to talk and play with each other are just what's needed for today. For today is Monday and we're going to tackle our first massive problem.  Millions of us have been planning this for lifetimes, especially those of us who went back round just to tackle this problem, went back decades to infiltrate gangs to collect evidence and bring them to justice.  The problem is drugs.  But they're not expecting us.  They may have millions of people but we still outnumber them by far. Not only have we infiltrated gangs but we've got people in the police, the forces and law abiding people ready to help.

People all over the world today, believers like you and me, turn in the drug barons, the gangs, they put their lives on the line to make the world a better place.
Thousands and thousands of gangs will be cornered, their top men imprisoned and their drugs destroyed forever.  The armies and police have been wanting to do this for a very long time, and they couldn't do it without us, plotting in our dreams to put this right.  How do we do it, how do you plan and make it happen?  With dreams and a virtual world like we have you can plan and do anything, so long as it's good.  The rest is history.

Sirens, helicopters, armed forces, believers like us running around doing anything we can to help.  Doors smashing, 'top men' looking  
shamed and in handcuffs, prisons built especially.  Today is our day for drugs.

Where are Jacob and Pete in all of this?  Without our virtual playground we'd never trap the gangs and drug barons like this, they helped make this happen because they wanted it so much.  It works because they're right.  They only want what's good.

And they can't wait to tell the rest of the world the good news when they phone Kerry Rice on 'Say It Loud'...  "What a wonderful day" goes Jacob... "Spiffing" goes Pete.  "No drugs today?" Goes Jacob. "No I'm afraid we burnt them all" goes Pete, "ha ha ha ha haaaaa.  Sorry old chap!  That's right, we burnt them all. And as for those drug barons and their friends...  ta taaaa.  Yep, gone.  All gone."
"You must be happy guys!" Goes Kerry.

"Ha ha haaaa" goes Jacob.

"Extraordinary" says Pete, "shall we have some music?"

"Why not people, why not" says Kerry. The national anthem follows, Kerry begs online listeners in other countries to forgive her for not having enough time to play everyone's national anthem, then there's some more good old humour and rejoicing from other people calling in to congratulate us.

You could say it's a perfect day. 

Chapter Twenty

Yes, it's Tuesday morning and yes we have another mission on the agenda.  Why is there so little to do for children these days without having to save up a fortune first?

Jacob and Pete have been pretty confident today and with a few pictures of kids without toys looking sad on the virtual playground they've touched a few hearts, and given people some ideas.

So when they call Kerry on 'Say It Loud' it's less than ten seconds before they get their first caller offering her help.  "We've got run down children's centres and empty buildings all over the country.  Why can't we all volunteer to make them into fun places to be for children?  Paint them up, get more people in, fill them with books and games consoles, have drama and art classes in them.  You kids would love that!"

"I think that's a great idea" goes Pete.

"Me too" says Jacob, "we really need your help.  If you're out there and you can help us... give us a call."  They both put out some artwork on the virtual playground pleading for support and the calls come flooding in.  Kerry's producer is writing down people's ideas, offers of help and contact details as fast as he can.  But before long he has to ask Kerry to tell people to put them down on the Free Radio website.  There's too many calls for him.  People all over the country want to give their time and donate stuff to build free centres for kids.

Why is all this only happening now? People are so happy to help I think all we needed to do was ask! 

Chapter Twenty One

Between all of the fame, and the cheers and the congratulations at home and at school the next day Jacob and Pete know that they want to do something special for all of the grown-ups that live poorly seeing as they've done something for all of the kids.

Now to be happy you don't need money. You need to have good values, you need to care about the right things, and you need to feel good about yourself.  Jacob's been thinking about this and he's going to try and put this across to people with his art on the virtual playground and when he and Pete go on air on Free Radio.  But some families are so poor, they're struggling so much that they don't even get chance to think about these things. They're always trying to think of how they'll afford to pay for their next meal, or how to keep theirselves warm.  It's so unfair.  We need to make it possible for EVERYONE to live well.  One should have the right to live as any other.

For food it's quite easy he thinks.  We need to get more people to donate to food banks and to make sure people don't feel ashamed when they go to use them.

Fuel to heat the home... we have to get companies to give vouchers to people for this, it's not like they can't afford to!

But surely they need more.  What about having fun?  Bands should offer the poor free tickets to shows, or comedians and cinema's and theatres.  Sky TV, a bit more complicated,  but no, no, easy... invite our less well off friends round ours more often.  No-one would mind, they'd be happy to why not.  But some people genuinely forget to ask them.

That's what we need to do today Jacob thinks.  Pete agrees and they're straight on it.  Artwork goes on the virtual playground and cosmic looking slogans are dreamt up to dazzle and make people want to give, give and give.

It's a success of course, same as yesterday and Monday, and afterwards smooth talking Kerry makes sure anyone who might have been embarrassed to accept someone else's charity thinks again. The answer is simple, 'wouldn't you want to help someone in your shoes?' 

Chapter Twenty Two

On Thursday Pete says to Jacob "Now I know we're not super-heroes, but before we start playing for real on here shouldn't we do one last thing?"
 
"What's that?" Jacob asks.

"We've already done some amazing things, but we could help people living in poverty, or conflict, in other countries.  There are about two million people here not working. What if we could get half of them to help people in poorer countries, or places destroyed by war, to build up their communities so that they can live like us? Wouldn't that be awesome too?"

Jacob hadn't thought of this.  The look on his face, right away, says yes, yes, yes.  That too would be awesome.

They put out pictures of children and families suffering in poor and war torn countries on the virtual playground, and then show how we live which is so unfair. "Anyone who can give some time to go out there and help build up their communities please call us or Kerry tonight" they plea. "We won't ask any more from you, we'll do ourselves proud!"  This is what they said to all the believers in the day, and on the night the response was phenomenal. Kerry was moved, the whole nation was moved, again.  The three of them and the producer have got tears in their eyes tonight.

Jacob's little friend is there too, he's been watching everything.  "They'll love you all, they'll love you all."

Chapter Twenty Three

Later on Jacob's remembering where all of his ideas and his morals come from, the joy and the might inside of him...

He puts out one message...



I LOVE YOU MUM  
x 

