







Layla The Spy

Faye Carlisle






Text Copyright @ 2020 Faye C Carlisle
All Right Reserved




Chapter 1

I nibble at my toast as my mother pours me some orange juice. I look at her, but she can’t meet my eyes. My father is reading the bulletin, pretending he doesn’t care. There’s still no envelope on the doormat. The orange juice is vinegar in my mouth. Today I find out if I’ve passed the tests, whether I’m the one girl that gets to leave the compound this year.
My mother looks unusually tired today as she moves around the kitchen, busying herself. Typically, I would help her, but I know she doesn’t want me to. I head to my bedroom to get my books ready for school. Pulling my bag out from under my bed, I hear my parents whispering but can’t make out what they’re saying even though my bedroom is just off the kitchen. Our apartment is tiny; two bedrooms and a kitchen. We got lucky. We were one of the first families to arrive here. One of the first families to be confined when no one else would have us.
I put my History homework in my bag and pull on my thin cotton jacket. I look in the mirror and shrug at the reflection. Tufts of dark brown refuse to behave, and there are dark circles under my eyes from a restless night. A mass of freckles like a crop of mushrooms has developed beneath my eyes, which is unusual for Hanans. Most people have dark olive skin. My mother says I take after my grandmother who I’ve only seen in one old photo. It looks like it’s going to be another hot day, so I apply some sun cream to protect my fair skin. I try to slip out but my mother, in an uncharacteristic display of emotion, pulls me towards her for a hug. When I close the front door behind me, I inhale a lungful of damp air and run down the three flights of concrete steps. On the corner between the blocks, I can see my friend Iona leaning against the wall. 
“Did you get a letter yet?” she calls from across the street.
I shake my head and move closer. “No, what about you?”
Iona kicks a stone across the street and follows it with her eyes. “No, but I haven’t got a chance anyway.”
Iona is often sick, and they’re not willing to consider anyone with less than pristine attendance. I change the subject. “Come on, let’s see if we can get some manacakes before everyone else gets there.”
Iona smiles and links arms with me. Manacakes, a kind of sugared bread, are a treat; saved only for special days in the year. We get to the school van, and there are already a few kids waiting. The talk is of who will be chosen. I hear my name before they notice me.
“Layla is sure to be chosen,” Zaki says.
“I’m not sure about that”’ I reply.
Zaki swings round. “Oh. Didn’t see you there Layla but you know it’s true.”
I swallow. “What happens if I’m not.”
“You’ll just be like the rest of us then. Stuck here forever.”
Staying at the compound feels both claustrophobic and comforting at the same time. I wouldn’t have to leave my parents or friends. I’d farm the land like my parents and everyone else. Maybe I would marry, but I wouldn’t be allowed to have children. Perhaps that’s a good thing. But I’d be always under guard. And if I left? I felt a bubbling sensation in my stomach. I didn’t want to think about it unless it was a reality. “Stuck here with my family and friends,” I say. “It’s not so bad.”
I take two portions of sugared bread off the van lady and sit down on a wall. Not feeling hungry, I pass most of my share to Iona. “I think I’d miss you too much if I left.”
Iona frowns. “Don’t be a fool. If you get that ticket, you need to take it.” 
I shrug. “I don’t know why we’re even talking about this. Let’s leave it until we all know.”

In the morning, we have Maths, and I absorb myself in algebra. Working through the figures helps me forget the letter almost. At break, I find a corner with Iona, and we chat about other things. But I can’t help but look at Firshan and Zara. The girls who might get to leave instead of me. I know I’m better at the academic stuff, but I wonder whether they did better on the psychological tests. 
Mrs Peterson discusses the History of the conflict between the Hanan sects. You can tell that she disagrees with Ira’s dominance over the Sofis. Her sympathies are with us. The displaced Sofis who have nowhere to go. I hand in my History homework, and she smiles at me. At the end of the lesson, she pulls me aside quietly. “Have you heard yet?”
“No,” I reply, looking down. 
She pats me on the shoulder. “I’m betting on you.”
I’m not sure what to say, so I mumble, “Thanks.” I didn’t realise so many people thought I would be chosen.
After school, I want to rush home, but I wait for Iona as I usually do. I tap my foot against the wall as Iona rearranges books in her locker.
Iona shuts the door with a slam. “I hate Iras.”
I nod my head. “Mum and dad say they would have killed us if we hadn’t fled.”
Iona’s eyes flit up to my face. “You know if you get out of here, you could do something.”
“Maybe,” I say.
“You must,” she says, grabbing my arm.
We walk along in silence for a while.
“You know even if I was chosen, it’s not easy to bring down a regime single-handedly.”
She grins. “I know.”
That’s the good thing about Iona, she’s always encouraging but not too intense about things. I’m the serious one. 
It doesn’t take us long to get home because I’m walking faster than usual. 
“Call round as soon as you know,” she says.
“Okay,” I reply, taking two steps at a time up to my apartment.
I put my key in the lock and push the door open. There’s an envelope on the worn, brown mat. I place it on the table, debating whether to wait for my parents to get home from the fields. I get a glass from the cupboard and fill it with water. Slowly sipping my drink, I stare at the envelope until I can wait no longer. With a deep breath, I open and unfold the letter.
Dear Layla Myson,
You have the honour of being awarded a place at our government training academy. You will be escorted from the Hanan compound to the mainland with one other student on August 14th.  Please meet us with your belongings at the headquarters at 11 am. You may only return every six months to the compound to see your family. 
Yours sincerely,
John Myson
Head of Hanan Operations

I carry the letter to the window and reread it. My stomach somersaults. Looking at the blue sky, I feel like I could float upwards. I’ll have the same freedoms as the people I’ve seen on the TV. My parents will be proud, but if I leave, I will hardly see them. Pacing around the apartment, I read the letter again and leave it on the table for my parents to see. I get my key. It’s time to tell Iona.

I walk to Iona’s apartment, which is only one block away and looks almost identical to mine. I pass the kids playing with their balls and hoops on the street. A ball comes to my feet, and I kick it back to them with a smile.
As soon as she sees me, Iona knows. “I knew you’d do it,” she says, hugging me.
“I’m glad you did,” I reply. 
“I’m going to miss you,” she says, holding my hand. 
I squeeze her hand tightly back. “You’ve got other people. And Havi.”
She skips up to sit on the wall. “Yes, I’ve got Havi, but that doesn’t mean I won’t miss you.”
Havi is a boy in our class, and Iona has been into him for ages, but they’ve only recently started going out. It means I won’t feel quite so guilty about leaving.
“I wonder which boy they’ve chosen,” I say.
Iona stroked her chin. “I reckon it will be Raf, Abir or Mo. I guess you’ll end up getting pretty cosy with whichever one it is. If my money was on it, then I’d go for Raf.”
I fold my arms.  “I don’t think leaving with one of them will make us automatic friends.”  I picture Raf in my mind. He has dark hair and green eyes and the girls are always whispering about him. He’s also my main competition in tests. Sometimes I beat him, sometimes he beats me but where he outshines me is poetry. 
Iona touches my arm gently. “Whoever it is, you’re going to be travelling with them to the mainland, and he’ll be the only one you know from here. That means something.”
I massage my temples. “I suppose so.” The enormity of what I am going to do hits me, and I swallow hard.
“Just be friendly,” Iona says.
“What do you mean, be friendly?” I ask.
“You know. Just be open.”
“I am open,” I reply.
“With me Layla, but we both know you’re a bit closed to other people.”
“I’m not.”
“When was the last time you hung out at the rec?”
I shrug. “It just seems like a waste of time.”
Iona spreads her hands out in front of her. “Exactly.”
I grin. “Okay point taken.”

When I get home, mum and dad hug me, and then we start making arrangements. It seems more comfortable that way. That night mum comes into my bedroom and strokes my hair like she did when I was younger. 
“I’ll miss you,” she says.
“And I’ll miss you too,” I choke.
“But this is a great thing,” she says. “You’ve got a chance to make a life for yourself out there.”
“I know,” I reply. “It’s just that I don’t want to leave you behind.”
“Your dad and I have each other. Don’t worry about us.”
“It will be six months before I can come back.”
She kisses my forehead. ‘You’ll be learning so many new things it will fly by. Now go to sleep.’
After my mum leaves the room, I lie in bed trying to imagine the future, but I don’t have much to grasp on to. 
That night I have a dream about getting on a boat to the mainland, but as we leave, it gets stuck on the rocks. The captain tells me we have to go back and that it’s my fault because my grades weren’t high enough. I argue with the Captain that it can’t be my fault and that I must go. Tears run down my face as I tell him how disappointed my parents will be if I don’t go. Then Raf turns up smiling and says, ‘Leave it to me.” They have a conversation, and before I know it, we’re being guided onto the boat by the Captain.


Chapter 2

It’s the last day of school. There’s going to be an assembly, and I know I’ll have to get up on the stage and give a speech. It’s what’s expected. I replay the words that past students have said in my mind looking for inspiration.
At school, everyone stares at me as I walk in. They’ve heard it’s me that’s been chosen. 
Iona grabs me by the arm, “Guess what?”
“What?” I ask.
“Raf is going with you.” 
“You thought it’d be him,” I say, heat burning my cheeks.
“He’s so hot, and you’re leaving with him,” Iona grins. 
I wince. “I don’t think leaving the compound with someone is something to get worked up about.”
“You never know what might happen.”
I roll my eyes. “I don’t think I’m his type anyway.”
“I wouldn’t be so sure,” Iona says. “Look who’s coming this way.”
I turn to find Raf walking in my direction. His collar is turned up, and his bag is slung over his back. 
“Hi Layla,” he says. “Looks like we’ve got a pass out of here.”
“Yes, it feels strange.”
“It’s a lot to take in, but I always knew you’d be chosen,” he replies.
I shuffle my feet. “Thanks.” 
“I thought we could have a chat before we go,” he says.
“Sure, when do you want to meet?” I ask.
“How about after school today?” 
“No problem. I’ll see you outside.”
I watch Raf walk away, and then I look at Iona. 
Iona arches an eyebrow. “I told you a lot can happen.”
We have one lesson this morning, a tutorial and then assembly. In English, we’re finishing off work on Shakespeare’s Twelfth Night. My favourite part is that Viola disguises herself as a man, and this gives her the freedom to make a new life. Her only downfall is that she falls in love with the Duke and marries him. When Mrs Matthews asks us to write an alternative ending, my Viola travels the world instead.
After the lesson, I’m told to go and see the headmistress. Mrs Carmichael gushes as she tells me how pleased she is that I’ve been chosen and that I need to grab hold of the opportunity. Then she informs me that I need to write a speech for the assembly and dismisses me. I walk back to the tutorial room and sit at the back, trying to think what I’m going to say.
Some of the previous students who’ve been chosen have been smug, and I want to avoid that. What I want to say is that I’ll do my best to change things for everyone, not just myself but I don’t even know whether that’s possible. 
The assembly follows the tutorial, and I find myself sitting at the front next to Raf. He smiles at me sympathetically. We clap through a long list of students receiving awards for everything from academic subjects to sport. Raf and I don’t win anything. That’s because we have already achieved the highest prize in everyone’s eyes. 
Finally, our names are called, and Mrs Carmichael talks about our achievements and why she thinks we’ve been chosen. I stand up with Raf and walk up to the front as people clap. Raf speaks first. He recalls his first day at school and how he was looked after by his first teacher, Mrs Bugle and how throughout his time here he’s felt cared for and nurtured. He promises to repay their investment by helping others in the future. Mrs Bugle wipes a tear from her eye. This is why Raf is so popular; he knows what to say. My speech is much shorter than Raf’s. I mumble thanks to all my teachers and how I will make the most of the opportunities given to me. Then I say that I will do my best to change things for the better outside the compound for all of us. People clap at the end of my speech, but it is a stilted, awkward clapping.
School breaks up at midday today but most of the students in my year will have to start work immediately around the compound. Iona has got a job in the local shop. If I’d stayed, I would have been picking vegetables like my parents. 
Raf meets me outside school at the oak tree. He suggests we walk towards the far fence. That’s where we’re most away from people. 
“So how does it feel to be leaving?” Raf asks.
“Strange,” I answer. “Like I’m free. But also sad. Sad to be leaving my family and friends.”
“It’s kind of the same for me, maybe not as sad to be leaving my family. You know I’ve only my aunt here, and I’m not sure she cares whether I stay or go.”
I chew my lip, not knowing what to say. “I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be sorry, I’m used to it. My aunt brought me here after my parents died. She’s tried her best, but she’s got her own problems.”
I can’t imagine what it would be like to not have parents who loved me. Sometimes it feels they care too much.  I fold my arms. “I feel guilty about leaving my parents. Guilty about being chosen.”
“Yeah. It feels wrong that we’re the only ones able to leave while everyone else is stuck here.”
We finally reach the perimeter fence. It didn’t take long. It’s not like the compound is that big. It houses about five thousand people in one square mile.
We sit on a large rock and stare out through the wire. Tomorrow I leave, and I will be beyond that fence, where the grass and trees seem to go on endlessly. The sky is dark and cloudy today, but the air is hot and humid.
“Have you packed your things?” I ask.
Raf arches an eyebrow. “I’ve not got much to pack.”
“Me neither.” I pause. “Do you think they’ll give us clothes and things where we’re going?”
“I guess we’ll be earning money and can buy our own things.”
“I heard that they’re going to train us for a government job.”
Raf nods. “Yeah, I heard that too.”
They educate us at the compound because they believe they should, but it’s not like we can do much with it. I’ve never really thought I had a choice before on what job I could do. Sometimes, I didn’t know why I studied so hard. Maybe it was a love of learning, but I know that part of my motivation stemmed from wanting to win. To be the chosen one. That makes me sound ruthless, but it’s the truth. “What do you think they’ll ask us to do?”
“Whatever our tests suggest we’re good at.”
I bite my lip. “What if we hate it?”
Raf runs a hand through his hair. “I’m sure we’ll be fine, and we’ve got each other if we’re stuck.”
I can’t imagine ever turning to Raf for help. “I guess so. Anyway, I’ve got to go now. My parents and Iona are having a small leaving party for me.”
“I’ll walk you back,” Raf says.
“So are you doing anything with your aunt tonight?”  I ask.
“Not really but the guys are going to give me a bit of a party. You’re welcome to come after you’ve done your family thing.”
Raf’s friends are not my friends. They are the sporty boys and the popular girls. If I turned up, the girls would make bitchy comments, and the boys would look at me as if I was some sort of oddity. Even more, now that I’m leaving. “Thanks for the offer, but I think I want to spend my last evening with my family,” I reply.
Raf nods. “Of course.”
We walk along in silence while I desperately scan my mind for something relevant to say. “I liked your speech at school today. Mrs Bugle had tears in her eyes.”
Raf laughs. “Did she? I loved her when I was 5. One of my first memories is making cheese in a lesson with her and spreading it on biscuits. I was so excited to eat it and I don’t even like cheese.”
“She was a kind teacher.” 
“Who’s your favourite teacher?” 
“I don’t know. That’s hard. I think I like Mrs Peterson because she’s so passionate about the Hanan conflict. Even though she knows we can’t do anything about it.”
“Talking of politics, your speech touched a nerve today.”
I look at Raf closely to see if he’s joking. “I only said I wanted to change things for the better.”
“Don’t get me wrong. It was gutsy. Mrs Peterson would have loved it. It was the words ‘for us all’ which struck a chord I think.”
“I just feel that if I do have the chance, I want to help the people we’re leaving behind.” 
Raf nods. “I do too.”
The rest of the walk home, we talk about lighter things. Like what we’ll miss and won’t miss about the compound. When we arrive outside my apartment, he tells me he’ll see me tomorrow at the bus, and I can’t quite believe that there is only one night until I leave.

Mum and dad have been allowed to come home from work early to say goodbye to me. They’ve got a cake and a few balloons. You’d think it was my birthday. Iona and her parents come over too. Mum pours some homemade lemonade and gives us all a piece of cake. Iona’s parents congratulate me, and then we all mill around the small kitchen chatting. Iona’s mother Sara tells me to keep in touch, and I promise I will. It will be six months before I can come back, so the only way I can keep in touch is via email and text. 
Iona and her parents leave after an hour and then it’s just my parents and me. We have my favourite dish for dinner, spicy chicken, and then mum helps me pack a bag. 
“I want you to have this,” she says, handing me a silver oval locket with a photo of us all inside. It is one of the few valuable things she owns. That and her wedding ring. The pendant has a swirly pattern on the front. I run my fingers over the surface. She’s had my initials engraved on the back.
I hug her. “Thanks, mum.”	
“I was waiting for your eighteenth birthday to give it to you, but I thought you should have it now.”
“I can’t believe I won’t be with you.”
Mum smiles. “You’ll be able to celebrate in a way you can’t possibly do here.”
I frown. “I guess so.”
“I know so.”
Dad joins us in the bedroom. “All packed?”
“Yes,” I say, looking at my small bag. 
“Remember to keep in touch,” Dad says.
 “I’m not going to forget, Dad.”
 “You’ll probably be pretty busy, but we just ask that you text or email us once a week so we know you’re safe. Promise?”
“Promise,” I reply.



Chapter 3

Raf and I get into the minivan while our backpacks are thrown in the boot. 
As it pulls away, I wave out the window at my parents before sitting down. I blink back tears. It will be six months until I see them again.
Raf doesn’t seem sad at all, and I realise that his aunt isn’t here to say goodbye.
The minivan bumps along a track until we get to the security fence. Some soldiers nod us onwards, and the gates open. Then it’s just miles and miles of forest. Green trees, grass and shrubs. 
The compound is on an island off the coast from the mainland. It is mostly forest and rivers, so I’m told, but I’ve never seen it. People have tried to escape, but mostly they’re dragged back. Only one person has ever managed it. His name was Jal Hibi, and he’d been in the military. He would have had to get past the guards in the watchtowers, cross the barbed wire fences and journey the 50 miles through the forest to get to the sea. Once he’d got to the coast, he would have had to swim across the sea to the mainland, another 20 miles. Did he make it? Who knows?
“How long until we get to the coast?” Raf asks the driver.
“About an hour,” he replies. “You might as well sit back and enjoy the scenery.”
Raf nods at me. “You okay?”
“Kind of,” I sniff.
“They’re taking us to some kind of government house until we get our own places.”
“I heard that too,” I reply although I’m not sure what that means.
Raf points to the new locket around my neck. “Is that new?” 
I touch my throat. “Yes, my mum gave it to me as a leaving present.” 
“It’s nice. What’s it got inside?”
“A photo of us all.”
“Can I see?”
“Of course,” I stutter as I open the locket.
Raf leans in to look at the photo. “You look happy.”
“It was taken about two years ago at the community dinner. I’d just done the three-legged race with mum and dad, and we’d won.”
“I think I remember that,” Raf says.
I shake my head. “Really?” 
“Yeah, I remember your dad insisting on a photo being taken of you collecting your medals.”
“You remember that. Now I’m embarrassed.”
“Don’t be. I thought it was sweet.”
I change the subject. I don’t want to think about my family too much, or I’ll start crying. “Did you enjoy last night?”
“They gave me a bit of send-off, which pretty much involved tying me to a post and leaving me there for a couple of hours.”
I laugh. “Sounds like fun for them, not you.”
“True, but they eventually rescued me, and then we had some music and a few drinks, and they wrote me a poem. 
“A poem?”
“Well a bit of a parody of me.”
“What did it say?” 
“Something about my lucky green eyes wins the prize.”
“We are lucky,” I say.
He grins to himself.
I narrow my eyes. “What?” 
“It said something about you too.”
 “I’m not sure I want to know.”
“It wasn’t rude. They said ‘You’re going with clever Layla so make sure you don’t fail her.’”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Maybe they think I might fail you in some way.”
“Or they couldn’t find a better rhyme more like.”
“Yes, they’re not the best poets in the world,” he says.
I wrap my arm around myself. Usually, I prefer anonymity. 
“You look like you need some rest,” Raf says.
I smile weakly. Grateful that I don’t need to speak anymore. 
Raf doesn’t say anything more and turns to look out the window.

Eventually, we reach the sea. It seems vast and dark. Our boat is coming in, but it will be another ten minutes until it arrives we’re told. I watch Raf as he kicks his shoes off and runs into the sea. I sit down on a rock and watch as he paddles along the bank. 
“Why don’t you come in?” he calls.
“I’m fine here,” I reply.
“Don’t you want to know what it’s like?”
“Honestly, I don’t.”
“Suit yourself.”
The boat arrives, and I feel myself shaking. It’s just big enough for a few passengers. The captain gives me a hand on board and tells me to put a life jacket on. I sit down and look over the side at the water, feeling giddy as the boat tilts from side to side. 
The captain grins. “First time on a boat?”
I nod. “Yes.”
“Don’t worry. The sea’s quite calm today, and it’s only an hours ride.”
Raf sidles up beside me on the wooden seat. “You should have come in.”
“The sea looks different to how I imagined,” I reply.
“What did you think it would be like?”
“I don’t know. Kind of blue and still.”
Raf smiles. “Like the adverts on TV.”
“Yes, with golden sand and palm trees.”
“I think you have to go to hot places for that.”
“Probably.”

When we get off the boat, there’s a car waiting for us. It’s a black limousine. I didn’t know that we were so important. A woman in a pin-striped skirt suit introduces herself as Miss Simmons. She has blonde hair tied back in a tight bun and glasses. I think she’s about thirty and she’s beautiful in a cold way. She shakes our hands enthusiastically and says she’s here to escort us to Dighton. I don’t know where Dighton is, so I nod. 
We sit in the back of the limousine opposite her. 
“So do you know much about Dighton?” she asks.
“No, we don’t know anything,” Raf replies.
Miss Simmons frowns. “Well, I would have thought they’d have told you something. I guess I’ll just have to start at the beginning. Dighton is a special training school. You will be trained in undercover surveillance. Things have changed in Hanan recently, and we need you out there. Normally, our recruits from the compound are given basic administration jobs in government, but you’re lucky. You are going to be given a whole kind of different training. Any questions so far?”
Raf’s eyes light up. “So do you mean we’re going to be trained as spies?”
Miss Simmons beams that Raf is catching on so fast. “That’s exactly what I mean. Exciting, isn’t it?”
I nod my head although I’m not so sure. I’ve seen on TV that being a spy doesn’t always turn out well. “So you’ll be sending us to Hanan?”
“Yes, you’ll blend in there much better than anyone else given your ethnicity, and as Hanian is your native language,” Miss Simmon says. “But don’t worry, you’ll have at least a month’s training before you go anywhere.”
Miss Simmons retrieves a brown envelope from her bag. She pulls out a document. “Your profiles say that you have excellent Hanian accents and more importantly, your psychological profiles are just what we need.”
“What does mine say?” I ask.
“That you’re very driven,” Miss Simmons replies. 
Raf laughs. “In other words, competitive.” 
I scowl at Raf. “So will that be useful in Hanan?”
Miss Simmons lays the envelope neatly on her lap and taps her perfectly polished French manicured nails on the paper. “Of course. Ultimately, we need people to work hard for us. Your profile also says you're good at details and that will come in handy. Raf, on the other hand, is good at seeing the bigger picture and he is also good with people. So you’ll make a great team.”
I wonder whether her comments imply that I’m not good with people. What I do know is that she's spot on about Raf, so there’s some truth in what she’s saying.
“How will we be a team?” Raf asks.
“We’re still finalising the details on that one, but we’ll let you know when we do. I’m just so glad that you’re both totally on board with this. We were wondering if there might be some resistance, but I’m glad there isn’t.”
It sounds like we’re a pushover from my angle and I don’t feel exactly thrilled with the spy thing. It seems a bit dangerous to me. On the other hand, I don’t want to appear ungrateful. There’s always the possibility that they might send me back if I don’t agree to their demands. “So what kind of training are we going to be given?” I ask.
Miss Simmons taps her nails against the envelope again. “You will have to be fit so there will be some physical training and you’ll learn basic espionage techniques such as how to plant a listening device. We’ll also teach you how to deal with stressful situations such as being interviewed under pressure. This evening you’ll meet Mr Thompson, and he’ll explain more.”
“Will there be other trainees at Dighton?” Raf asks.
“Yes, you’ll be in classes with other recruits. That’s part of the learning experience. You can learn a lot from others, and it’s good to get to know other people who will be in the same position as you in the future.”
Miss Simmons’ phone beeps and she pulls it out of her bag. “Sorry, I’m afraid I’ve got to respond to this message.”
Raf mouths the word. “Wow!”
“I know.” I silently mouth back.
We drive through a town. It’s so built up. Nothing like the compound. There are so many houses and shops that seem to stretch for miles. I see a family walking down the street. A little boy swings forward holding onto his mother’s and father’s hands. They seem so carefree and happy. Maybe that will be me one day. I’ve only seen Hanan in pictures and from what my family’s told me it’s not like here. My chest feels tight. I turn around and look at Raf. 
Raf winks at me. “Stop worrying.”


Chapter 4

It’s a couple of hours before we reach our destination. All I’ve been able to see for miles is fields and trees. Wherever we are going is nowhere near a city. Eventually, the limousine turns up a long driveway, and we arrive at a large mansion covered in ivy and flowers. It’s got three floors and at least fifty windows. I’m not sure what I expected, but this isn’t it. 
We get out and walk up endless steps to reach the front door of the house. A man dressed in a suit lets us in and guides us into the drawing-room. Miss Simmons suggests we sit on the deep leather sofas while we wait for Mr Thomson, the head of operations, to arrive. The drawing room is larger than my entire apartment. I gawp at the chandeliers and the paintings on the walls. I’ve just had time to scan the room when Thomson arrives. He has almost white hair and is dressed in a smart dark-grey suit. There’s something about him that suggests he can read our thoughts. 
“Hello, Layla and Raf. I’m so glad to meet you. I believe Miss Simmons has briefed you on what to expect.”
Raf’s eyes are bright. “Yes.”
I nod because I don’t want to risk speaking.
“Brilliant,” Thomson says.
A tall man comes in carrying a tray of cups, saucers and teapots. 
“Would you like some hot chocolate, tea or coffee?” Thomson says as the tray is placed in front of him on the coffee table.
“Hot chocolate,” Raf and I reply in unison.
Thomson starts pouring us some cups and passes them to us. The taste of the hot chocolate is fantastic. Chocolate is not something we often have. It is a luxury reserved for special occasions. Thomson knows how to make us feel at ease, and it’s working; my guard is coming down.
“I imagine you’re tired from your journey, but I wanted to meet you straight away. You’re essential to our operation in Hanan, and I want you to know that.”
“Thanks,” Raf replies.
“Miss Simmons has told you that your training will start tomorrow, but tonight you can relax. We will be having dinner in the grand dining room, and then we thought you’d want an early night after all the travelling. You’ll have a roommate by the way. We find that trainees enjoy the experience of living with another recruit. Making friends that kind of thing.”
“How many other recruits are there?” I ask.
Thomson puts a couple of sugar cubes in his tea and stirs it carefully. “There are eight other trainees here at the moment, and with you, there’ll be ten. That’s about all we can cope with. Quite a small number really but then it is quite intensive training. We like to give our trainees special attention you see. You’ll meet them at dinner tonight.”
Miss Simmons takes another couple of pieces of paper from the brown envelope she had earlier and passes us one each. “We have a timetable of classes for you to attend.”
I stare at the piece of paper. At 9 am I have code-cracking and then at 11 am I have espionage techniques. We then have an hours break for lunch, followed by physical training and combat training. 
“Have you any questions?” Thomson asks.
My throat feels tight. “I see there’s a lesson on combat on the timetable. What does that involve?” 
Thomson waves his hands. “Don’t worry. It’s unlikely you’ll need it in Hanan. It’s just a bit of self-defence, that’s all.”
I breathe deeply. “Okay.”
Thomson turns towards Raf. “Any concerns?”
Raf grins. “No. I can’t wait to start.”
Thomson smiles at us both. “Good. Well, Miss Simmons can take you to your rooms before it’s time for dinner.”

Miss Simmons leads the way up a wide curved wooden staircase to our rooms. The floor is covered in red carpet with different colour swirls. It feels soft under my feet, and my shoes sink into it. The walls are covered with numerous oil paintings of the countryside and portraits of unknown people looking condescendingly down on us. Miss Simmons takes me to my room first, which is on the second floor. It’s a vast room compared to my bedroom at home. There are two four-poster beds at either side of the room but no room-mate. Her bed must be the one with the dresses slung over it. I hang my bag next to the other bed and go into the ensuite bathroom. Inside is a bath and a sink. I run my fingers over the marble top; It feels cold and smooth. I look at myself in the mirror; my hair is a mess. I splash water on my face and pat my hair down. When I hear the door bang shut, I dry my face with a soft white towel and peer out of the bathroom.
“You must be my new roommate,” a girl with bushy red hair says.
“Yes, I’m Layla,” I reply.
“And I’m Maisie. You must be so tired. I’ve heard you’ve travelled from the compound today. I have to say I’m very excited to be your roommate. I’ve always been intrigued to know what it’s like to live somewhere like that. Sorry if that sounds a bit crass.”
“No, it’s fine. You can tell me what’s it’s like to not live on a compound.”
Maisie smiles. “Great. I just know we’re going to get on well. Some of the other recruits are a bit snooty, but I can tell you’re not like that.”
“Thanks, I guess.” My stomach rumbles. “What time’s dinner?” 
“We have about half an hour. Do you want to use the shower first or shall I?”
“You go.” 

While Maisie is in the shower, I unpack my things. They easily fit into the drawers. I leave a navy skirt and a red top out. They don’t compare to Maisie’s dresses, but they’ll have to do. 
I fling myself onto the large double four-poster bed. It is so comfortable and has several completely unnecessary throws and cushions on it. There’s a small fireplace at one end that has been blocked off and a large watercolour above it of a young woman sitting in a deckchair in a garden surrounded by lavender. One day I want to be like her, contentedly enjoying the landscape.
Maisie comes out of the shower with a towel on her head. “Have you made yourself at home?”
“Kind of,” I answer. Maisie’s things are sprawled everywhere, so I’m not sure she agrees. 
“I’m very messy, I’m afraid,” Maisie says.
“I just don’t have many things,” I reply.
“Well, feel free to borrow some makeup or perfume or a dress if you like. Although I’m a bit bigger than you.”
“Thanks,” I reply and gather my things to go in the shower.

At 7 pm, we head down for dinner. Maisie has put some make-up on me and sprayed me with perfume despite my protests. We’re a bit late, so the table is full apart from two seats at the end next to Raf. I sit down next to him, and everyone swivels to look at me. 
“You look different,” Raf says.
I blush. “Maisie, my room-mate has been working on me.”
Maisie reaches over and shakes Raf’s hand. “I’m Maisie.”
Raf shakes her hand back. “Hi, I’m Raf.”
“I know,” Maisie says. “We’ve all been here a week already, and we were told you’d be arriving today.”
Raf arches an eyebrow. “Is it such big news?”
“When there’s only eight of you stuck together for a week in a country house, anything is interesting!”
Raf laughs. “Yeah, I can see that.”
A woman dressed in a uniform pushes a trolley into the dining room with some large bowls of food. She then deposits the steaming bowls of potatoes, vegetables and chicken on the table. Warning us to be careful of the hot plates, she leaves the room. I watch a tall boy with glasses sitting across from me pile three slices of chicken on his plate and about ten potatoes. There doesn’t seem to be any restrictions on how much we eat, so I tuck in. 
“For a small girl, you eat a lot,” the boy opposite comments. 
“I guess you could say I’m taking advantage,” I reply, thinking I’ve never seen so much food.
“I’m Jake, by the way.”
“I’m Layla, and this is Raf.”
Raf smiles at Jake. “I hear, you’ve all been here a week already. What have you been up to?”
“We’ve done a lot of team games, and they’ve been doing a lot of tests on us. Concentration tests, personality tests, verbal reasoning tests; it’s been endless. But I hear code-breaking starts tomorrow.”
“That’s what’s on our timetable,” I reply.
A girl with elfin features and dark hair pitches in. “My speciality is code-breaking, what’s yours?”
“I don’t know yet,” I reply.
“All of us here have special abilities. I thought you were chosen for a reason. It’s not easy to leave the compound I hear,” the girl says.
“No,” Raf replies. “But no one has told us why we were chosen.”
“We took a lot of tests,” I add.
“What were your results?” the elfin girl asks.
“I don’t know exactly,” I reply.
“Sounds like you don’t know much.”
I wipe my mouth with the napkin. “We must have done okay; otherwise, we wouldn’t be here.” 
“I suppose so,” the girl says, turning away.
“That’s Marina,” Maisie whispers in my ear. “She’s just a little confrontational.”
“I noticed.”
Raf nudges me and points to the boy sitting next to him. “Let me introduce you to Olly, my roommate.”
Olly has blond, spiky hair. I can’t imagine how much gel he puts in it to make it stand up like that. He takes my hand and kisses it. “Lovely to meet you. I’ve heard so much about you.” 
I pull my hand away. “Nice to meet you too.”
“What do you think of Dighton so far?” Olly asks.
“It’s quite grand,” I reply. “I love my four-poster bed.”
“You have a four-poster bed?” Raf asks.
“Yes, don’t you?” 
“No, just a normal bed.”
Olly pats Raf on the back. “Don’t worry, mate. The girls always get the best rooms. It’s just the way it is.”
“Wait until to you see the grounds. They’re huge.” Maisie says. “You’ll get to see them tomorrow on the assault course.”
I bite my lip. “Assault course?”
“I’ll help you over the ropes, sweetheart,” Olly says.
“I’m sure I’ll be fine,” I reply stiffly.
Our plates are cleared away, and dessert arrives. A treacle sponge pudding. Raf and I look at each other. Neither of us is used to this much food. Forgetting the assault course, I take a mouthful. It tastes divine. 

Chapter 5

The first class this morning is code-breaking. A woman with grey hair and intelligent eyes stands at the front of the room. 
“Good morning!” she says. “I’m Mrs Lafferty. Some of you have met me before during testing, but I’m a cryptoanalyst. In other words, a code-breaker. When you’re in the field, you’ll need to send private messages. There are some great covert apps out there, which have end-to-end encryption and if you select the feature called secret chats, any messages you send will self-destruct after a designated time. Unfortunately, there is still a small window in which someone could intercept the message. It is for this reason that you will need to learn some coding and also in the event that you don’t have access to wifi. There are still occasions when you might need to send a message using pen and paper. You’ll also have to decipher messages sent to you in code so today I’ll be teaching you how to decipher the main types of code we use.”

Mrs Lafferty flicks the projector on and shows us a Powerpoint on different types of codes. 
“I know all this,” Marina, the elfin girl from the night before, calls out.
I shift uncomfortably in my seat.
Mrs Lafferty gives her a stern look. “Marina, you still have more to learn.”
Mrs Lafferty continues with the Powerpoint, explaining how to break some of the codes and then she hands us all a worksheet of code-breaking puzzles. “I have a challenge for you all. If you can break the one at the end, you can finish half an hour early. You may find you have to work as a team to solve it.”
The first problem involves some binary code, which Mrs Lafferty had told us is the basis for many modern cyphers. I don’t find it too hard to complete. After an hour, I’ve worked through most of the problems until the last. Mrs Lafferty walks past me and gives me an approving smile. 
Maisie sits beside me. “You know Marina was saying last night that we all have a speciality. I think this must be your thing.”
“I guess,” I reply.
“Do you mind helping me with this third question?”
“Of course. E is usually the most common letter, but in this case, it’s not. Does that give you a clue.”
Maisie pauses for a moment to look at the code again. “Could it be ‘A’?”
I nod. “It’ll make sense then.”

After a few minutes, Raf joins our little group. “I can’t do the final question, have you any idea how to start?” 
“Not really,” I reply. “There’s a riddle and some code. I think if we can solve the riddle, we’ll be able to solve the code.”
 Raf reads the riddle aloud. 
“What does man love more than life?
Fear more than death or mortal strife?
What do the poor have, what the rich require,
And what contented men desire?
What does the miser spend, the spendthrift saves,
And all men carry to their graves?”
“I think I’ve heard something like this before,” Marina says.
“I’ve got it! It’s nothing,” Maisie says.
“What do you mean it’s nothing?” Marina asks.
Maisie points to the riddle. “Read it again. Nothing is the answer.”
“Oh, I get it,” Raf replies.
Marina nods grudgingly. “Looks like you have a brain, after all, Maisie.”
“We can then use ‘Nothing’ as the keyword in the code to help us decipher it,” I say.
“Let’s put it at the beginning of the code and see whether it works,” Raf suggests.
We insert the keyword at the beginning of the alphabet and work along. It still doesn’t make sense. After trying out several different combinations, we’re still stuck. Everyone in our class is gathered around us now suggesting ideas, but we’re not going to get to lunch early. There are only fifteen minutes to go. 
Mrs Lafferty seems amused. “I told you it was hard. Let me give you a clue, one of the two-letter words is ‘it’.”
My brain whirs into gear. The code makes sense to me now. “If that two-letter word is ‘it’, then H stands for t and P stands for I; we already worked out that S stands for E, so I think that word might be time.” 
“Well done, Layla!” Mrs Lafferty says. “You’re almost there.”
From there, it doesn’t take us long to decipher the code. Maisie reads it to us. “What is at the beginning of the end, the start of eternity, at the end of time and space, was in the middle of yesterday but is nowhere in tomorrow?”
Jake sighs. “Not another riddle. I thought we’d finished.”
Mrs Lafferty laughs. “Okay, okay, I’ll give you another clue. It’s related to what we’ve been learning today about codes.”
I read and re-read the riddle in my head. I may be good at code-cracking, but I’m not that good at these. We all look stumped.
Ella, a quiet girl in our class, speaks. “It’s ‘E’. We learnt that one of the most common letters in cyphers is ‘E’ and that’s the answer to the riddle.”
Jake bangs the table enthusiastically. “That’s it.”
Mrs Lafferty smiles. “Well done, everyone. I think you’ve learnt a lot this morning. Next lesson, I’ll be teaching you how to write codes, but now it’s time for Mr Thomson’s espionage techniques.”
Raf walks beside me as we head to Mr Thomson’s office. “You did well in there, Layla.”
“Thanks. You finished the codes pretty quickly yourself,” I reply. 
Raf gives a lopsided grin. “I wasn’t so bad.” 
We all pile into Mr Thomson’s office where he has two rows of seats lined up in a semi-circle. I take a place at the back. The office is lined with bookshelves, and there’s a dark wooden desk next to the window. A fire burns in the grate. The overall effect is both cosy and intimidating. 
Mr Thomson stands at the front with his arms folded. “Today, I am going to teach you how to plant a bug and to tap a phone. You’ll then work in pairs with one person hiding the bug and the other person trying to find it within a set time limit.”
Mr Thomson pulls out a small black device from his pocket. “This is what a bug looks like. It consists of a miniature radio transmitter and a microphone. As you can see it is tiny so all you have to do is find a suitable hiding place for it where no one will look. If someone finds the bug, it can set an operation back months. The key is that the person we’re spying on is completely unaware. Your aim is to make sure you hide any bugs in places where they can’t be found. So let’s play a game. I’m going to choose one of you to hide the bug, and I’ll send one of you out while the other hides it. Do I have any volunteers?”
A short girl with chestnut brown hair puts her hand up. 
“Thank you,” Mr Thomson says. “Anybody else?”
Olly stands up. “I’ll do it. Wouldn’t want to leave Ella on her own would I.”
Mr Thomson signals at the door. “Olly, you can go outside until I call you back in.”
After Olly has left the room, Mr Thomson gives Ella some sticky tape and tells her to think of a suitable place to hide the bug. She walks around the room before kneeling under the desk and placing it there.
“Not a bad place,” Mr Thomson says.
Mr Thomson calls Olly back into the room. “See whether you can find where Ella hid the device.”
Olly stands with his hands on his hips, cocks his head and looks at Ella. “Where have you hidden it?”
Ella’s eyes flit quickly towards the desk and back at Olly. She reddens. “You’re supposed to find it, Olly, not ask me.”
“Just wanted a bit of a clue, that’s all.”
Olly walks towards the desk and starts running his hand along the edges and down the sides. He then crawls under the desk. He holds up the small black device. “Is this it?” 
“Well done, Olly, that was fast work,” Mr Thomson says. 
“He kind of cheated by asking me.” Ella huffs.
“You need to be careful you don’t give things away with your eyes, Ella,” Mr Thomson replies. “We’ll be moving on to interviewing under pressure later.”
“Do you think he would have found it so easily if I hadn’t looked?” Ella asks.
“If you think there might be a bug hidden in the room, that’s one of the first places you’d look,” Olly says.
“Yes, it’s not a bad place to hide a bug if the people you are spying on are unaware of any surveillance, but if people are suspicious, you’ll need to be more careful. Okay, let’s have another pair.”
Raf raises his hand, and his eyes flit towards me. I shake my head, so he looks at Marina, who willingly gets up. She smiles smugly at me. 
“Okay, Raf and Marina, let’s see how good you are. Raf, you can go outside while Marina hides the bug.”
I watch Raf exit the room, and I’m secretly gunning for him to find the bug quickly just to wipe the smile of Marina’s face. 
Marina walks around the room several times, then she gets one of the bookcase ladders and climbs to the top, before pulling out a book and wedging the bug into the top corner of the shelf. Quietly, she returns the ladder to the position it was in before. I have a feeling she won’t give her hiding place away as quickly as Ella.
“Okay, Marina,” Mr Thomson says as she climbs down. “Let’s see how quickly Raf can find that.”
Mr Thomson waits for Marina to be seated and calls Raf back into the room.
Raf rubs his chin and his long fingers stretch across his face. “Now I know Marina wouldn’t hide anything anywhere too obvious. So I’m guessing it would have to be somewhere pretty hidden and where most people wouldn’t look.”
Raf runs his hands under the bottom ledge of the windowsill and then under the bookcase. He looks at me, and I shake my head imperceptibly. I don’t care if that’s cheating. Raf turns his head from side to side, and then he gets the bookcase ladder. He moves it along the top, inspecting each bookshelf. Finally, he finds the bug. It’s taken him just a few minutes.
“Bingo,” he says.
Marina narrows her eyes. “How did you guess?” 
“As I said, I thought you’d be clever about where you hid it, and I just went with that,” Raf replies.
Marina nods her head. She seems satisfied with the answer.
“Well done,” Mr Thomson says. “I think you both did an excellent job of hiding and seeking.”
Then it’s my turn, and I’m paired with Maisie.
“Don’t make it too hard,” she whispers in my ear.
“I heard that,” Mr Thompson says. “How are you going to learn anything if she makes it easy for you?”
Maisie turns red. “Sorry, Mr Thompson.”
“Layla, I want you to do to this properly,” Mr Thompson says.
When Maisie leaves the room, I start searching everywhere for a decent hiding place. The pressure is on me as everyone stares. I notice a small gap between the bookcase and the wall, and I slot the bug in there. 
“You can come back in,” I call to Maisie.
Maisie comes back in and stares at me to see if I’ll give anything away. I end up looking out the window to stop myself looking at where I’ve hidden the bug.
“Is it near the window?” Maisie asks.
“I can’t tell you,” I reply.
Maisie runs her hand along the window ledge and then searches other places except where I’ve placed it.
After 5 minutes of searching, Mr Thompson stops her. “You’ve tried your best, but I think Layla has been successful.”
Maisie throws her hands in the air. “Where is it?”
I take her to my hiding place. “It’s there.”
“You’re a sly one! You’ve got a good poker face, you know.”
I laugh. “Do I?” 
Maisie grins. “Yes, I’ll have to take you to a casino sometime.”
Mr Thompson gestures for me and Maisie to sit down. “Okay, I think we’ve done enough hiding bugs. Now I’m going to show you how we can tap in remotely to the microphone on our phones.”
“Al, you have a mobile in your pocket. Am I right?”
“Yes,” he replies. 
Al is one of the other recruits I haven’t spoken to yet. He grins as he pulls the phone out of his pocket and his white teeth contrast with his dark skin. 
“I believe you said this morning that you’re missing your Xbox and your mum’s food.”
Al’s mouth opens. “No way, man, you heard that?”
“Yes, Al and a few other things on your microphone.”
Al stares at his phone like it might explode. “Can anyone listen in on my conversations then?” 
“In short, yes. Your favourite object is now a potential risk. There are apps out there that allow you to remotely tap into someone else’s phone. Although we can make use of this ourselves, it also means we need to be careful.”
Mr Thomson gives us a lecture on the best surveillance apps and how to prevent them from spying on you and finally, it’s time for lunch. My brain is fried from the morning’s activities, and my stomach is rumbling. 
Lunch turns out to be a pasta twirls with different sauces. It’s laid out on a side table, and we can just help ourselves. I choose the tomato sauce, and I top it off with a large helping of cheese. There’s also some salad and garlic bread on the side which I have on a side plate.
“What did you think of this morning?” Maisie asks as I join her at the table.
“It was pretty cool actually,” I admit. 
Maisie forks a few pieces of pasta. “Can you believe we might be using these techniques in a few months?”
“No. It feels completely surreal.” I turn to Raf. “You did well to find that bug.”
“The thing you can bet on with Marina is that she’ll be clever,” he replies.
I bite my lip. “She’ll make an excellent spy then.”
Raf whispers in my ear. “If sneakiness is what makes a good spy.”
A tingling sensation runs down my back.
“Can you not whisper,” Maisie says. “It’s kind of rude, you know.”
Raf grins at her. “Sorry, I was just questioning what makes a good spy. Any thoughts?”
Maisie presses her lips together before speaking. “A good spy is one that no one suspects. You know the typical idea of what James Bond is like on TV, well that’s not what they’re looking for. They want people who are smart and brave like James Bond but also people who blend in. They’re trying to recruit people from all different backgrounds you know.”
“Raf and I fit into the new mould then,” I say. “And Al over there.”
“Who’s saying my name?” Al calls across the table.
I cringe. “Sorry, I was.”
“What are you saying about me?” Al asks.
“You know how we’re not your typical James Bond,” I stutter.
“You mean you were saying I’m not white, girl.”
“Basically,” I say, dropping my gaze.
“It’s true, and it’s a good thing,” Al says. “They're more likely to get intelligence that way aren’t they?”
“I guess so,” I reply. It makes sense to send Raf and me to Hanan. I can see their logic. We’ll blend in. In fact, the more we look the part, the safer we’ll be, I realise.

After lunch, Maisie and I head back to our room to get changed for the assault course. I find one pair of black shorts and the only t-shirt I have that doesn’t look stupid. I haven’t got a sports bra with me, so I tighten the straps on my regular bra. Fortunately, I have brought trainers although I’m not sure they’re going to make up for my lack of sportiness.
Maisie has perfectly matching black leggings and top. Her trainers are new and nothing like my old ones. I sigh. What I’m wearing will just have to do.
“We better go,” Maisie says. “Otherwise, we’ll be late.”
Olly joins us running down the stairs and points at my shorts. “Very cute. Perfect for the assault course.”
I tug the back of my shorts down self-consciously. “This is all I had.”
Olly leers at my legs. “It’s alright with me, sweetheart.”
I ignore him and run faster towards our meeting point, the fountain at the front of the house.
Captain McCabe is our teacher this afternoon. He’s about forty with a very short hairstyle, army trousers and a stick. “Thank you for joining us,” he says sarcastically as Olly, Maisie and I arrive. “The lesson started five minutes ago.” 
“Sorry,” we mumble.
“Physical exercise is important,” he continues. “When you’re in the field, you may be discovered. So what should you do then?”
“Defend ourselves?” Jake suggests.
The captain waves his stick into the distance. “No, the best thing you can do is run. Fighting is the last resort when there’s no escape route. I know that some of you might be asking why are you being asked to do an assault course this afternoon. The answer is that we want you to be fit. Fit enough to run if you need to. Does anyone have any questions?”
“I have asthma,” Ella says. “But I’ve got an inhaler if it gets too bad.”
“Keep it on you and take a break if you need to,” the Captain replies.
“Isn’t that a bit unfair,” Marina says. “Surely, we should all have to do the same thing?”
Captain McCabe folds his stick under his arm and starts walking. “Who said life was fair.”
We march along to the beginning of the assault course. It stretches further than I can see. 
“I’m dividing you into two teams. There will be two girls and two boys on each team. The winning team will get a spa treatment tonight. Raf, Al, Ella and Layla are the red team and Marina, Olly, Maisie and Jake are in the blue team. When the whistle blows, you can start.”
McCabe blows his whistle, and I start running. The first thing I have to do is climb up a large net that is about 20 metres high. 
“Nice view,” Olly whistles from behind me as my foot gets caught in the net.
I pull my foot out roughly. “I’d concentrate on being a bit faster, rather than the view.”  
Olly laughs and then scrambles past me. “Like this.”
 I try to keep up with his pace, and I get to the top almost as fast as him. Swinging my leg over, I scramble down the other side.
The next obstacle is some makeshift plastic tunnels that we have to crawl through. I’m going to get covered in mud, but I dive into the tube and pull myself along. 
Maisie squeals in the tunnel next to me. “My leggings are ruined.”
“Stop complaining and get a move on,” Marina says.
I reach the end of the tunnel, and then I see some long plastic beams ahead. 
“If you fall off you have to start again,” McCabe shouts.
I hold my arms out to balance myself and step onto one of the beams. Immediately, I fall off. Balance isn’t my strength. I start again, willing myself to stay on, and I almost get to the end before falling off. Marina and Ella glide across, but Maisie is as bad as me. Eventually, I make it across in one go. I run fast trying to make up for my slowness on the beams. 
I catch up with Marina and Ella on the monkey bars. It’s something I don’t have a problem doing, and I finish the monkey bars, neck and neck with Marina. I look back to see that Ella has stopped.
“I’m not sure I can keep going,” Ella pants. 
“Have you taken your inhaler?” I ask.
“Not yet. Okay, drop down onto my shoulders and take a puff of your inhaler,” I suggest.
Ella sits on my shoulders and retrieves the inhaler from her pocket. I watch her take a few puffs. 
“Don’t worry. Just rest for a while,” I suggest. “I can take your weight.”
Ella nods at me. 
I watch Maisie pass us by on the monkey bars. Our team is probably going to lose, but I guess it doesn’t matter.
“I think I’m okay now,” Ella says.
I run with Ella at her pace to the river. Raf and Al have already made a raft to get us across and are tying the ropes in place when we arrive.
Raf smiles. “Right on time. You just need to keep hold of the rope while we push the raft into the river.”
The raft splashes into the river and Raf gets on first. Al climbs on, and it looks like the whole construction might sink, but then it bobs up again. Ella carefully spreads her weight on the raft, so it stays afloat.
I can hear the others arguing about their raft, and I’m relieved that Raf and Al knew what they were doing, although I’m not sure how Raf knows these things.
“Keep carrying the rope and climb down the bank.”
Raf grabs my hand as I climb onto the raft, holding it a little longer than necessary. “We’re all in. Now we just need to get across.”
Raf and Al, use poles on either side to navigate us across and then we’re there. We clamber out quickly and run to the finishing line. 
“The reds win,” McCabe shouts.
Raf puts his arm around my shoulder and pulls me towards him. “We won.”
I step back a little and grin. “I know, I can’t believe it, especially because we were so far behind.”
Thanks for helping me,” Ella says.
“No problem,” I reply.

After dinner, we go for our spa treatment in the gatehouse.
It’s dark as Raf, Ella, Al and I walk down the drive. The air smells crisp, and the full moon lights our way. 
Raf whispers in my ear, “It feels good, doesn’t it?”
“What feels good?”
His eyes shine in the dark. “Freedom.”
“Yes,” I reply. Then I whisper to myself, “Even if it’s only for now.”
The gatehouse is small and cosy inside. The front door leads straight into the living room, with its floral curtains, cream carpet and pastel upholstery. The beauty therapist has her hair tied back and is dressed in a white uniform. She takes Ella into a side room first and tells the rest of us to choose a treatment. Raf squeezes onto the two-seater sofa beside me and starts reading the list of procedures. 
Raf looks over my shoulder. “What are you going to have?”
My eyes scan the list. “Maybe a back massage. I’m not even sure what a seaweed wrap is. What do you think you’ll have?”
Raf leans closer and runs his finger down the list. “A shoulder and head massage, I think.”
I can feel his breath on my neck.
“So what’s your story?” Al asks.
I move slightly away from Raf. “We both come from the compound.”
“I know that,” Al replies. “What I want to know is why they chose you two?”
Raf straightens up. “What I can tell you is that Layla here was always the smartest girl in school.”
I flush. “You always beat me in English tests.”
Raf puts his arms behind his head. “I guess I’m good at writing. Not sure that’s enough to make me a good spy, though.”
“It must be more than that,” Al says. “Did you have psychological tests?” 
“Yeah, we did,” Raf replies.
I shift in my seat. A memory comes back to me. When I went into the test, the administrator told me to think positive. I hadn’t known what she meant at first, but when I was shown lots of different images and asked to pick my favourite, I remember choosing the happiest one. Was that cheating? If she’d said something different to me, would I have made it here?
Al leans forward. “Do you know why I’m here?”
“Why?” I ask.
“Photographic memory. I can remember anything I’ve seen even if it’s only for a few seconds.”
“Wow, that’s pretty cool,” Raf says.
I pass Al the list of fifty treatments and take it away from him quickly. “What’s the third to last treatment?”
“Citrus blush body ritual.”
“No way,” I say. 
Raf grabs the list. “Let’s try something harder. What’s the third word in the twenty-seventh treatment?”
“Toning,” Al says.
“I’m impressed,” Raf replies. “Compared to that, I don’t know why we’re here.”
Ella comes out with a thumbs up, and the beauty therapist signals for me to go in.
“So what treatment would you like?” the beauty therapist asks once she’s shut the door.
“A back massage please.”
 “You can take your clothes off behind the screen.”
“All my clothes?” I ask.
“Yes, and then wrap a towel around you.”
I lay my clothes in a neat pile on the chair provided, wrap the towel around me and gingerly step out.
The woman rubs her hands together and points at a bed covered with towels. “Lie down there please, on your front.”
While the therapist runs her hands down my back, I decide that it doesn’t matter why I was chosen.

Chapter 6

Over the next few days, I learn more about code-breaking, espionage techniques and self-defence but I’m still no clearer about what I’ll be doing when I get to Hanan. On the fifth day, Raf and I are called to a meeting with Thomson. When I arrive at his office in the morning, Raf is already sitting down.
“Layla, do come in and sit down.  I’ve just been talking to Raf about Hanan society. It’s surprising how much he knows given that he didn’t grow up there.”
“Raf must know more than me then,” I reply.
“Hanan society has strict rules of etiquette,” Thomson says. “You will be mingling amongst the rich and influential in Hanan society, and therefore, you’ll need to know how to behave. I was just saying to Raf that it is a very conservative society. My plan is that you go there as brother and sister, which will make it easier for you to share information.”
Raf arches an eyebrow. “Brother and sister?”
I look at Raf. “I’m not sure we look that alike.”
Thomson waves a hand in the air. “Lots of brother and sisters look different.”
“Where will we stay?” I ask.
“You will be staying with a prominent family in Hanan society as their long-lost niece and nephew. This will give you a cover to get to know important decision-makers in Hanan society.”
“Aren’t we a bit young to be trusted by these decision-makers?” I ask.
“You don’t have to be included in the conversations; you just have to be around them. The idea is that you make friends with the children of Hanan government officials. Over time, you become integral to their families.”
Raf grimaces. “Integral to their families. How long do you think we’ll be out there?” 
“For the foreseeable future,” Thomson replies.
“What about our real families, will we be able to see them?” I ask. 
“Yes, you’ll be able to come back every six months to visit them as planned. People will be told that you’re visiting your mother in Kaspa. It’s near Hanan, but outside their control, so it will be difficult for them to do checks.”
I swallow hard. My expectations for my new life outside the compound are slipping like sand between my fingers. “What if we don’t want to go?”
“We would be disappointed, of course, but it’s your choice. However, one of the reasons we chose you is your desire to change things for the better for your people.”
I massage my temples, thinking of my parents. I’d promised Iona I’d change things. “I can’t remember saying that.”
“You didn’t say it explicitly, but that’s what the psychological tests and interviews were for.”
“How will it change things for the better?” I ask.
“The point is that the current regime in Hanan has whipped up hatred towards your tribe to the extent that your people can no longer live there. It is destabilising not only for Hanan but for us. We can no longer cope with the tide of illegal immigration from Hanan, and at the same time, there are calls to close the compound. The best solution is to get rid of the current regime is to prop up a new leader and in turn, stem the tide of immigration.”
“How will tapping into conversations help?” Raf asks.
Thomson strokes his chin. “We can find out their weaknesses. Work out who doesn’t agree with the president’s policies and hopefully find a new leader.”
There is something about Thomson that suggests he’s lying or at least not telling us the whole truth. “You make it sound so simple,” I say.
“I’m not saying it’s simple. It’s just the only strategy we have that moment. The key question is whether you’re in or out.”
I sigh. “I guess I’m in.”
Raf’s eyes flicker towards me and back at Thomson. “There’s no question. I’m going.”
“Excellent, I’m glad we’ve got that out the way,” Thomson says. “Hold on a second, I’ll just get my file.”
I can feel Raf’s eyes on me, but I continue looking at my hands. He had no doubts about going. He’s probably wondering why I have so many reservations. Maybe he thinks I’m a coward, but in truth, I’m selfish. I just want to make a new life for myself.
Thomson interrupts my thoughts. “Here’s a plan of the Hanan government structure and some photos of the key players. At the top is the president, Adil Sharif. He’s both shrewd and ruthless. Under his leadership, almost all dissenters have been rooted out and executed.”
The photo of Adil Sharif shows a man about my dad’s age with dark skin and greying hair. His face could be any father or uncle on the compound. It doesn’t show that he’s capable of mass genocide.
Thomson points to two more photos. “His two deputies, Farid and Mikal, carry out all his dirty work and are completely loyal to Sharif.”
Raf’s voice is strained. “Arranging the complete expulsion of our people you mean.” 
“Yes,” Thomson says. “But they’re doing more than that. They are running the country’s reserves dry. Any money coming into the country is being siphoned off for their benefit.”
“How can they get away with it?” I ask.
“The key is that they have control of the army and no real opposition. We need to change that. Once we get further down the hierarchy, we may find people who have doubts about the way he’s running things. People we can turn to.” Thomson pauses and points at another photo several levels down in the structure. “This is Ori Javid. He’s on our side, and it’s his family you’re going to stay with.”
Raf scratches his chin. “Why can’t he spy on them?”
“Ori has done some work for us, but there’s only so much he can do before people become suspicious. We need reinforcements, and fortunately, we have you.”
 I scan the document in front of us trying to memorise all the necessary photos and names. Al’s photographic memory must be a distinct advantage. 
Thomson pulls out two pieces of paper from his file and hands us one each. “This is a list of dos and don’ts in Hanan society. I suggest you go away and learn them. You will be tested on them next week.”
The list of rules seems endless. “What if can’t remember everything when I’m in Hanan?” I ask.
“We’re going to do a lot of preparation before you go and, when you’re there, Ori and his wife, Jamelia will help you. Don’t worry, we’re not going to put you in any situation before you’re ready.”
I nod. “Okay.”
“I think that’s enough for today,” Thomson says. “You had better return to your other lessons. I believe you have some weapons training this afternoon.”
“Yes,” Raf says.
“Excellent,” Thomson says, and we know we’re dismissed.
Raf walks beside me in silence until we’re out of earshot of Thomson’s room. “They knew we’d say yes,” he says.
“Do you think?” I ask.
“Yes, everything is already arranged. They expected that we’d feel guilty. It’s like blackmail.”
“I thought you wanted to go,” I say quietly.
“Not like this. Not for an indefinite period and not as brother and sister.”
“Surely the brother and sister thing doesn’t matter,” I say.
Raf's eyes darken. “No, I guess not.”
We don’t speak the rest of the way to the weapons training. 
Captain McCabe is setting up when we arrive in our usual classroom. He has several black plastic cases. We sit down quietly next to the other students. 
“How did you get on with Thomson?” Maisie asks.
“It’s a long story,” I say. “I’ll tell you later.”
McCabe opens one of the cases and takes out a small black gun. “Today I’m going to show you a few guns. Some of these are real, but for safety reasons, they have had the ammunition removed, and some of them are replicas. I thought we’d start with a little quiz to see whether you can recognise which ones are real and which ones are replicas. So hands up who thinks this one is real?”
I’ve no experience of guns, but it looks real to me. I raise my hand. I can see that most of the others have too, but Jake is smirking.
McCabe pulls the trigger. “This is a BB gun, which fires pellets and so it’s not real.”
McCabe puts the gun back in the case and pulls out another one. It doesn’t look too different from the last to me. “What about this one?”
I raise my hand again and shrug my shoulders. 
“This one is real,” McCabe says. “It’s one of the best guns on the market because it’s not only easy to conceal, but it allows you to shoot 11 rounds of ammunition before having to refill. Does anyone know what it is?”
“A Glock 26,” Jake says.
McCabe nods. “Correct and if you can’t protect yourself with this gun, you shouldn’t be carrying one.”
Al nudges Jake. “How do you know about guns?”
“My dad runs a shooting range,” Jake replies.
Al turns to McCabe. “Are we going to learn to use a gun?” 
“All in good time,” McCabe says, putting the Glock away and pulling out another a long, thin gun. “Raise your hands if you think this is real.”
This time we all look at Jake. He has his hand up, so we raise ours too.
“Yes, this is a sniper rifle. It can be used to fire at people from a long distance with precision. Now that I’ve introduced you to a few guns. I want you to come up and have a feel of some of the others.”
My mouth feels dry as I get up. I never thought I’d have to use a gun and now I’m here being asked to pick one up. 
McCabe hands me the Glock 26. It’s not as heavy as I thought it would be. 
“Pull back the trigger,” McCabe says. “You can’t do any harm.”
I pull back the trigger and hear a click. 
McCabe takes the gun and shows me where the ammunition goes. “Next week, we’ll be going to the shooting range,” he says. “This is the weapon you’re going to train with so I want you to practice putting the ammunition in now.”
McCabe walks off to help other students and my fingers tremble as I take the ammunition out and refill it again. I steady my fingers. If I’m going to Hanan, I need to learn to protect myself.
The rest of the lesson McCabe talks about how to keep the guns safe and where we should conceal them. 
I can’t help but worry that things have got serious.

Chapter 7

Sunday arrives, and we have the day off. Miss Simmons comes in the morning with an envelope.
“I thought you’d need this,” she says.
Inside is a large wad of cash and a bank card. “Wow.”
“We have deposited some money in a bank account already. A salary will be paid monthly into that account, but we’ve put an initial amount into tide you over.”
“Thanks,” I gasp.
“No need to thank me,” she says, turning on her heels. “All our agents are paid well.”

The others had arranged to walk to the pub for lunch in the local village, but I didn’t think I’d be able to join them. Now I have the money I run down the stairs to join Maisie. Raf is there too, and he grins at me. 
“Looks like we’ve got a pass out of here,” I say.
“Yes, it’s been almost like going from one prison to another,” Raf whispers.
As we cross the fields, I drink in the delicious sense of freedom. The world feels big and open for exploration. 
“You seem happy today,” Maisie says.
“I am,” I reply. “I’ve never been able to just go anywhere I like before.”
Maisie’s mouth opens. “I guess I knew that, but I’ve never really thought about what it must be like before. Everyone on the compound seems so remote, but now I’ve met you it kind of feels wrong.”
I purse my lips. “It is wrong.”
Maisie looks down at her feet. “Sorry.”
I touch Maisie’s shoulder. “Don’t worry. I know it’s hard to imagine what someone else’s life is like. My best friend on the compound told me not to forget about her when I left. It’s just hard to know what I can do for her.”
“You should try to do something,” Maisie replies.
“I just don’t know how.”
“We’re training to be spies; that must help.”
 “I guess so,” I reply. “Talking of spies, I found out last night that Al has a photographic memory. What’s your special skill?”
“My athletic ability!” 
I laugh. “Right.”
“Seriously, I think they chose me because of my red hair.”
“Your red hair?”
“Don’t you know on the other side of the pond, the Erians love red-heads, and that’s where I think they’ll send me. I’d be like a Siren to them.”
“Leading men to their doom,” I giggle.
“Yes, exactly.”
“Do you think you might be sent to Eria then?” 
“No, I’m just hoping.”
I laugh. “Well good luck with that.”
“You didn’t tell me how your conversation with Thomson went?”
I hesitate because I don’t know how much to say. “I know where we’re going, but that’s all I can say; I’m going to make a rubbish spy.”
Maisie puts her arm around my shoulder. “I think you’re going to be a great spy. That cool and collected demeanour of yours is perfect.”
“Now I know you’re joking. I think your special ability is humour.”
Maisie grins. “I’ll take that.”

The pub is an old coach house called “The White Horse”. It’s covered in ivy on the outside and has hanging baskets on every windowsill. When we walk inside, there is a long bar serving drinks with only a couple of other people in the whole place. 
“What would you like to drink?” Olly asks.
“I’ll have a shandy please,” Maisie replies.
Unsure what to order, I copy Maisie. “Me too.”
We take a seat with the others at a table by the windows. Sinking back into the soft material of the sofa, I place my glass of shandy on a beer mat. The table is made of dark wood, and I run my hand over the grain.
“You should see your face,” Raf says.
“Why?”
“You look like a child who’s just been given sweets for the first time.”
“I feel like it,” I reply. “Don’t you?”
“Kind of.”
 “We should order food quickly before it gets busy,” Maisie says.
“I’m not sure there’s ever a rush here,” Olly replies. “It’s a bit off the beaten track.” 
“Probably why Dighton is here.”
Marina rolls her eyes. “They wouldn’t want their new spies being too visible, would they?”
“Should you be saying that word here?” Maisie says.
Marina laughs. “What word? Spies?”
“Sssh,” Maisie says.
“I don’t think you have to worry. No one would believe you were a spy anyway.”
Maisie’s chin juts out. “What’s that supposed to mean?” 
“You know what I mean. You just look pretty ordinary?”
“But you don’t?”
“I don’t think any of us look like spies. Isn’t that the point?”
Maisie nods. “I guess so.”
I look around the pub glad no one is within hearing but Marina’s right. No one would believe we were spies. We don’t look like the ones on the TV programmes or films I’ve watched. We’re way too young. Whose decision was it to recruit teenagers? All I know is that it doesn’t seem very responsible.
“What are you going to eat?” Maisie asks, showing me a menu.
“I don’t know.” 
“I’m having the cottage pie. Good pub grub.”
“I don’t think I’ve ever had that.”
Maisie holds her hands out. “I can’t believe you’ve never had it. It’s minced beef in gravy with a mashed potato topping.”
“Sounds tasty.”
“What did you eat at the compound?”
“Hanan food.”
“What’s that like?”
“It’s quite spicy, and we tend to eat rice or couscous, not potatoes. We didn’t have that much meat at the compound either, so most of our dishes were vegetable-based.”
“You’ll have to cook me some Hanan food sometime.” Maisie grins.
I smile wryly. “Of course, you know when I have my own house, and you happen to be free.”
“When we’re back.”
“Okay, when we’re back.”
“Are we ordering now?” Al says. “I’m starving.”
On Al’s cue, we head to the bar to order the food and more drinks. I watch the others pay for their food and use my new credit card in the same way. I could get used to this.
Back at the table, Ella, explains that her parents are both police officers and although they didn’t want her to follow in their footsteps, they seemed to support her desire to work for the security services. 
“So your parents know what you’re doing?” Olly asks. 
“Kind of. I haven’t told them as such,” Ella replies.
“But they’ve guessed,” Olly says.
Ella nods. 
Olly shakes his head. “My parents think I’m working for an electronics company.”
“The hardest thing is lying to your parents,” Al says. “You’re lucky Ella.”
“I guess so,” she replies.
The rest of the afternoon goes quickly as we share our stories. Marina tells us she spent most of her childhood in a boarding school because her father was in the military. I find out that Al was born in another country and came here when he was ten years old. He says his mother was a doctor, so she came to Mayland for better pay. I’ve been naïve. The Hanans on the compound are there because they’re not useful; I need to make sure I am.

Raf takes my arm on the way back to the house. “Are you tipsy?” 
“What do you mean” I reply. 
“You just seem a bit giddy. It’s probably the shandy.”
“I feel kind of lighter, whatever it is.”
“You should be careful, you know.”
“Of what?” I ask.
“Just take it easy, or some people might take advantage of you.”
“I can take care of myself, thanks.” I pull my arm away and stumble into some bushes.
Raf grabs my arm and pulls me up towards him. “Sure, you can.”
I land in his arms, and I start to giggle. 
Raf bends his head down, almost touching my face and then he pulls away. “Steady there.”
We walk back to the house, talking about the training, but something has shifted.

Chapter 8

The chirping of the birds wakes me up early on Monday. Somehow everything seems less of worry after the weekend. I’m going to Hanan, and I should see that as an opportunity.
The first lesson this morning is about memory and perception.
“Having an eye for detail is important,” Mrs Lafferty begins. “When you came in here today, did you notice that there was a poster upside down on the wall?”
I laugh. “I didn’t see that.”
Mrs Lafferty clicks on the projector. “So, let’s play a little game. I’m going to show you a film clip of a house, and in each scene, small things are changed. Your job is to spot the differences in each scene, and if anyone can spot all ten differences, they’ll win a chocolate bar.”
The scene shows some people in a large country house like this one. There’s a maid, a butler, a detective and another person. I pay close attention to the clip, but I can only spot six differences. 
Mrs Lafferty goes around the class, asking us to identify them. When we’ve all ran out of answers, Al continues until he names all ten differences.
“The chocolate bar is yours, Al,” Mrs Lafferty says clearly impressed. “Let me show you the rest of you the clip again, and you can see what you missed.”
I watch it again, and I can’t believe how I didn’t see some of the changes.
“It’s called change blindness,” Mrs Lafferty says. “We tend to focus only on certain things in a situation, and this can lead us to miss quite large changes in a visual scene. One psychological experiment found that if people start having a conversation with one stranger and the stranger is replaced by a different person after a brief interruption, people don’t notice. As spies, we need to detect small changes in our environment. We need to be able to spot the unusual. This can be crucial to maintaining our cover and our security. I’m now going to show you a series of film clips, and I want you to jot down what is unusual.”
The first scenario shows a busy hotel lobby with different people approaching the reception desk. One man in a suit stands out for me, but I’m not sure why. 
The clip ends, and Mrs Rafferty asks us who we thought stood out most. I’m the only one who suggests the man in the suit.
“Why do you think it was the man in the suit?” Mrs Rafferty asks me.
“I’m not sure.”
“It was him that you should have noticed, and the reason is that he was wearing trainers with his suit. That’s unusual. It may be that he’s a spy conducting surveillance on foot. If you see someone wearing bulky, loose clothing, an over-sized watch, an earpiece or footwear that is at odds with their other clothes, then this could be a sign. Now watch this next clip.”
The scene shows a busy street outside a station with different people walking by. I’m not sure who stands out. At a guess, it would be the man with a cap because he looks scruffier than the others. I’m wrong, though. Ella correctly identifies a woman in an oversized coat. She has thin ankles but a bulging middle. She may be carrying something, and when the video plays on, she opens her jacket to reveal a bomb strapped to her stomach.
As Mrs Rafferty shows us more film clips, we all get better at identifying the odd one out. I don’t think when this training finishes, that I’ll ever look at people the same again.

In the afternoon, Raf and I have another meeting with Thomson. This time he gives us a file with our cover. It details information about our pretend family and Ori and Jamelia. 
“I want to emphasise that this is a long-term operation. Don’t go in there and ask lots of questions straight away. People will become suspicious. You need to build their trust, and this doesn’t happen overnight. At first, you may feel you aren’t achieving anything, but you will in the end. This is what is undercover surveillance really is; a slow process of developing relationships and finding contacts.”
“What will we do while we’re building trust?” Raf asks
“As we discussed before, you’ll have different roles in Hanan. Raf, you will you work for the government out there and Layla you will get to know the women in Hanan society.”
“Won’t I have a job too?” I ask.
“Hanan high society doesn’t expect women to work,” Thomson says. “You may find this frustrating, but it will allow you to do some investigative work.”
I purse my lips together. “I see.”
“I don’t think you do,” Thomson says. “You’ll have greater freedom of movement than if you were in a job and that can be useful.”
I nod. “Okay, I get it.”
“One of the things we’re very concerned about is that we’ve heard reports Hanan is developing nuclear weapons. We think they are in the early stages, but we’re not sure. Your job is to find out more.”
“How are we going to do that?” Raf asks.
“I don’t know yet. That’s your job.”
I frown. “I can’t say I know much about nuclear weapons.”
“That’s what I’m here for,” Thomson says. “I’ll be teaching you about the stages of nuclear weapons development today.”
Raf rubs his chin. “Okay.”
Thomson turns his laptop around on his desk, so it faces us. On the screen is a picture of some metal cylinders. “This is a centrifuge,” Thomson says. “It’s used for enriching uranium, a fuel in nuclear warheads. We have reason to believe that Hanan may have got hold of some of these.”
Thomson goes through a series of other slides telling us what the equipment does.
“It’s important you remember what the machining looks like. If you see it, it will tell you how advanced Hanan is, and that’s crucial. Mayland and the other member states of the PNU may need to act quickly to stop them, depending on how far along in the process they are.”
I stare at the pictures, trying to commit them to memory. In the end, my head hurts. “What if I don’t remember all this?”
Thomson smiles reassuringly. “Don’t worry, we can go through it several times before you go.”
 

Chapter 9

Next morning, there’s a buzz of excitement because we’re going on an outing. We’ve been told to dress down in muted colours. 
“Good to see you’re all dressed casually. That’s important because we don’t want to stand out. Our goal today is to learn to trail people without them noticing, so we’re going somewhere busy,” McCabe says. “Miss Simmons is joining us because there are differences between men and women in how they do things. She’ll be coaching the girls, and I’ll be coaching the boys.”
Miss Simmons looks different today. She doesn’t have much makeup on, and she’s in casual clothes, but she still looks good. McCabe and Miss Simmons smile at each other, and it feels like there’s something more between them than pure colleagues. 
“Any ideas where we’re going?” I ask as we get on the bus.
“With any luck a high street,” Maisie replies.
“Why a high street?”
Maisie shakes her head. “Shopping, duh.”
I nod as I sit down next to her. “I see.”
“Do you?” She asks. “I am having withdrawal symptoms.”
“From shopping?” 
Maisie grins. “Yes, I really need a new top.”
“You’ve got tons of tops,” I reply.
“That’s not the point. You can never have too many.”
I think about the few items of clothing I have and the money that I now have in a bank account. “I could do with some new things.”
“You know what I’m going to make sure you get some. Miss Simmons will understand.”
When the minibus gets into the town, I take in the cobbled streets and small shops. They seem so small and quaint like the Mayland villages I’ve seen on TV. We pass a church, and I’m surprised by its scale. The spire reaches high into the sky, and the steps leading up to it stretch wide across the pavement. It is easily the most imposing thing I’ve seen since arriving in Mayland. I stare at the people through the window, wondering what their lives are like. Most of them walk so fast past each other that they don’t even acknowledge the other person’s existence. It’s so different from the compound where everyone knows each other. I’m struck by a young couple kissing on the street. Their hands and arms are wrapped around each other's backs, and they’re oblivious of anyone else. 
“What are you looking at?” Maisie asks.
“Just taking everything in,” I reply.
“It’s pretty posh, isn’t it?” Ella says, leaning over the backrest.
“Yeah, nicer than where I grew up,” Maisie replies. “Not a Poundland in sight.”
“What’s a Poundland?” I ask.
Maisie laughs. “You can buy everything there for a pound.”
“That’s not true anymore,” Ella says.
Maisie shrugs. “Okay, maybe some things cost two pounds, but the point is it’s super cheap.”
“Maybe I can stock up.”
“We’ve got better shops for you,” Maisie says. “Just you wait and see.”
The minibus finally pulls in at a car park in the centre of town, and we all get out. 
“Girls come with me,” Miss Simmons says. “We are going to take a different route around the town to the boys.”
We follow Miss Simmons like a gaggle of geese to a large shopping centre. The glass doors lead to a multitude of shops, and I can’t believe that there is a need for so many. I count five women’s clothes shops before I get to the escalator. 
“We’re going to the first floor to get a view,” Miss Simmons says.
I watch Maisie, and the others get on the escalator first before jumping on quickly. Then I clutch the handrail tightly.
“Have you never been on an escalator?” Maisie asks.
“No,” I stutter.
“You’ll get used to it.”
When we get to the top of the escalator, there are more shops and people, but Miss Simmons directs us to a quieter area where we can look over the balcony.
“We have a good view here. I’m going to ask each of you, in turn, to follow someone discreetly for five minutes and then take a photo of them with this phone” Miss Simmons says, displaying a silver phone in a plastic bag. “The rule is you can’t take any pictures inside a shop because that’s too easy and you have to get a good clear photo of their face.”
“Why can’t we use our phones?” Marina asks.
“Because I want to compare the photos later,” Miss Simmons says. “I will pick someone, then you will go down the escalator and follow them across the area we can see. If they go into a shop, you can wait outside or follow them in, but you need to do this without being seen. You have five minutes each. In the end, I will give you some feedback.” 
“Any tips?” Ella asks.
“Keep your distance ideally between a few other people so that you blend in with the group. Don’t follow your target everywhere they go but don’t lose them either and avoid eye contact. When looking around, try to look just above or below other people’s eye level. You can always glance down at your phone to appear busy. Do you want to go first, Ella?”
“Okay,” she replies.
“Good, you see that woman with the red hair and Prada handbag. She’s your target.”
Ella nods and heads down to the ground floor with the silver phone.
 While the others watch Ella, I whisper in Maisie’s ear. “I have a problem.”
“What?” she asks.
“I need a bit of practice on the escalator, and I can’t use a phone either.”
“Don’t worry, it’s sorted,” Maisie says. She sidles up to Miss Simmons. “We need the ladies.”
“Sure,” Miss Simmons says without even turning around.
Maisie walks with me to the escalator. “You’ll get the hang of it in no time.”
“I hope so. Otherwise, I’m going to be pretty rubbish,” I reply.
I quickly hop on the escalator and hold on to the handrail. When I step off at the bottom, it doesn’t seem quite as scary as I thought.
Maisie grabs my hand. “Ladies this way.”
“I’m sure the toilets are the other way,” I reply.
“Yes, but I want to pop to this shop first,” Maisie says.
I raise my eyebrows. “You think Miss Simmons won’t notice.”
“She will, but a girl has to do what a girl has to do.”
Maisie guides me towards a boutique and points at a top. “What do you think?”
My mouth opens when I see the price tag. “It’s nice but isn’t it a little expensive.” 
“Yes, but it’s so cool.”
I look at the off-the-shoulder cotton top with a star on the front. “I’m sure my friend Iona has a similar top on the Compound that she made herself.” 
“She should be a fashion designer then,” Maisie says.
I shrug. “Maybe in another life.”
“Look, this is how you take a photo with a phone. Choose the camera icon and press the button. Now you try.”
I angle the phone to get a photo of the top and press.
“Easy,” Maisie says, linking her arm through mine. “Now we better head back to Miss Simmons and give you one more go on the escalator.”

When we arrive back, Miss Simmons arches an eyebrow at Maisie. 
Maisie winks at me. “I know. I just needed to look at a dress, and I couldn’t help myself.”
“Don’t do it again,” Miss Simmons replies.
I smile appreciatively at Maisie. She hasn’t given me away in front of Marina, who would probably look down her nose at me.
“I was just saying to Ella that she needs to put more distance between herself and the target,” Miss Simmons says.  “Fortunately, the target didn’t notice but only because she was so absorbed in shopping. It won’t be the same in a more open place like a park.”
“Let me have a go,” Marina says.
“Okay, but I’m going to use two of you this time. Marina, you go first and then Layla will follow you after a delay. You will have two phones this time. So you need to communicate with each other,” Miss Simmons replies. “Your target is the man in the green hoodie going into the computer shop.”
Marina leaves, and I watch her head down the escalator and walk into the computer shop. 
“Now you go and wait outside,” Miss Simmons says. “We will watch from here.”
I go down the escalator confidently this time and find a seat with a direct view of the computer shop. A few minutes pass, and nothing happens, then I hear a ping on the phone. “He’s leaving,” it says. I scramble to find the camera, but as I’m scrolling through the icons, he’s already heading in the other direction. 
I get up and start following him. Marina comes out of the shop, but I ignore her and continue towards the target, keeping my distance. Marina is following too but on the other side of the walkway. The guy doesn’t stop until he reaches the toilets and turns inside; there’s no chance we can get a photo.
Marina walks over to me and rolls her eyes. “Well done,” she says sarcastically.
“We can still do this,” I reply. “When he comes out, you can pretend you’re taking a picture of me and get him in the background.”
“Fine, but I don’t think Miss Simmons is going to be impressed.”
We wait a couple of minutes, and the guy exits the toilets. Marina snaps a few shots of me posing in the walkway as he walks past. We’ve got him on camera.
We head back to Miss Simmons as Marina shakes her head at me.
“Layla completely messed it up,” Marina says. “But I managed to get a couple of shots of the guy when he came out of the toilets.”
“You're supposed to be a team,” Miss Simmons replied. “Layla, what happened?”
“Marina sent me the message in the store, but I couldn’t get the camera working quickly enough.”
“You both have something to learn then. Marina, you need to work as part of a team and Layla you need to be prepared.”
I grit my teeth. If Maisie hadn’t shown me how to use the phone, then I would have been even less prepared, but I don’t want to make myself look stupid, so I say nothing.
It’s Maisie and Ella’s turn next to work as a team. 
“You can trail that woman,” Miss Simmons says pointing to a tall dark-haired woman in a suit talking to a guy selling phone accessories at a stall on the floor below.
Maisie and Ella take off, and I follow them with my eyes. Maisie sits on a bench on one side of the stall, and Ella goes to the other side but sits much further away. 
“Good. That means they’ll be able to trail her whatever direction she walks in,” Miss Simmons says.  
The woman buys something, and then she starts walking in Maisie’s direction. Maisie waits for a while and then starts following. The woman comes up the escalator and Maisie follows her, but Ella waits below. Maisie follows the woman into a sports shop. After another five minutes, Maisie emerges with a bag and looks in the window of the shop next door. 
“Trust Maisie to buy something,” Ella says.
I grin. “She was trying to buy something earlier too.” 
Eventually, the woman in the suit emerges. Maisie turns her head slightly, but when she sees the woman heading for the escalator, she dives into the shop. Ella is waiting at the bottom, pretending to take a selfie, she snaps a shot of the woman. 
When Ella and Maisie arrive back, Miss Simmons congratulates them. “Good teamwork. And quick decision making, Maisie.”
“Quick decision making?” Maisie asks.
Miss Simmons points at Maisie’s shopping bags. “I’ve never seen someone shop so fast.”
Maisie smiles sheepishly. “One of the bags is a present.”
When Miss Simmons turns away, Maisie hands the bag to me. “For you.”
“Me?” 
“Yes, look inside,” Maisie says.
I pull out, a matching pair of leggings and a sports bra with a black and purple design. They looked expensive. “You shouldn’t have, Maisie.”
“I knew you needed them, and I couldn’t resist.”
“You’re right, I do need them especially if we’re forced to do another of those fitness trails. What’s in your other bag?” 
“A new skirt,” Maisie replied.
“What for?”
“Dinner tonight,”
I raise my eyebrows. “Who is it?”
Maisie smirks. “There doesn’t have to be anyone for me to wear a new skirt.”
“Come on,” I reply.
“Okay, okay. I kind of like Olly.”
“Olly? He’s kind of a bit cocky, isn’t he?”
“Yes, but he’s also cute.”
“I can’t deny that,” I reply although I don’t think he’s nearly as good looking as Raf.
Miss Simmons interrupts. “Enough gossiping. We’re going to the park now, and that’s more of a challenge.” 

In the park, Miss Simmons directs us to a deserted café. We sit at a table, and she marks out specific areas on a map where we can observe individually. We’re going to work as a group to track one person across the park, and this time we’ll have earpieces. Ella is going to indicate who we are following and follow the person as far as the bandstand. She’s then going to pass the information on to me. Miss Simmons is feeling kind to me because all I have to do is sit on a bench, eating a cake when the person walks past. Marina shoots me evil glances when she hears this.
We scatter to our respective places. On my way to my position, I notice the decorative trees that line the pathways. Beds of multicoloured flowers are everywhere, and the benches have elaborate leaf designs painted in black and gold. It makes me realise how little beauty there was at the compound. Everything had to have a purpose. People didn’t plant beds of flowers, only vegetables because what use would flowers be? 
I sit down on the bench at my allocated spot and open the packet with my cake in. Miss Simmons had let me choose one with multiple layers of sponge and raspberry cream topped with a chocolate flake. At Dighton, I was getting used to desserts, but I hadn’t had one as indulgent as this yet. It seems almost a shame to eat it. I pick a little off at a time while I watch the passers-by. Mostly it is dog walkers and women with small children. A woman with a pushchair stops a few metres away because her child is crying. Wet tears glisten on the child’s red cheeks as its chest heaves up and down. The mother passes the child a biscuit, and the sobs slow as the child pushes it into its mouth. I wouldn’t have had a chance to be a mother on the compound, but I can’t imagine being one yet.
I can hear Ella’s voice in my ear. “He’s on his way. Forties, brown leather jacket, jeans, trainers, dark hair with a brown spaniel coming towards you from the Pagoda.”
I can’t think what a brown spaniel looks like and there are lots of dog walkers. “Anything else?”
“He’s got sunglasses on his head.”
“Okay,” I reply.
I continue picking at my cake, looking up occasionally to see whether the man I’m supposed to track is anywhere near. There is a man that matches the description with a brown dog, but his sunglasses cover his eyes. As he passes, I cheat.
“What type of dog is that?” I ask, covering my microphone.
The man jerks his head towards me. “She’s a cocker spaniel.”
“She’s gorgeous,” I reply.
He smiles. “Thanks.”
Once he’s further down the path and out of earshot, I speak to the others. “He walked straight past me, but he’s got his sunglasses over his eyes now. He’s heading east, but the path turns in multiple directions after that. I think I had better follow him rather than waiting here.” 
“Good idea,” Miss Simmons says.
I wait until he turns right at the fork in the path ahead, then I get up. Slowly, I follow him until he turns again.  “He’s heading towards the tennis courts now. Maisie can you pick him up from there?”
“Yes,” she replies.
Once, Marina has tracked him out of the park, we reconvene at the entrance.
“Well done, everyone,” Miss Simmons says. “Especially you Layla for using initiative.” 
I look down at my feet. “Thanks.”
On the way back to the minivan, I notice Miss Simmons is walking some distance ahead, so I catch up with her. “Can I talk to you?”
“Of course,” Miss Simmons replied
“Today has highlighted what I don’t know.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“I couldn’t use the escalator, I don’t know how to use a phone properly, and I had no idea what a spaniel was. I ended up asking the guy what type of dog he had.”
“Layla, stop worrying. We know you’ve been on the compound, but I’m sorry if you’ve felt put on the spot today. Listen, I’ll speak to Thomson about how to overcome any gaps in your knowledge. One thing that can be sorted out straight away is getting you and Raf both phones.”
I nod. “Thanks.”

When we are back on the bus, Maisie jumps in beside me and whispers in my ear. “What were you talking to Miss Simmons about?”
“You know, not knowing what I’m doing. Like how to use an escalator and a phone.”
Maisie grabs her phone out of her bag. “Leave that to me. Phone tuition starts now. And after that, we will scan the magazines for everything you need to know about fashion. I feel there’s work to be done there too.”
I grimace. “Fashion! I’m not sure how that’s going to help.”
Maisie grins. “You never know.”



Chapter 10

Lessons over the coming days are focused on technology. It’s as if they’ve been set up to allay my fears. We spend time hacking passwords, using covert apps and tracking devices. Miss Simmons gives both Raf and me a phone to practice. Our meetings with Thomson continue, and my knowledge of both Hanan and nuclear weapons is improving. 
Outside of lessons, Maisie is obsessed with teaching me about Mayland’s culture. I now know who all the celebrities are, what’s in, what’s out and the most popular TV series. Maisie thinks this is essential information for me in the field, and I don’t correct her. What she doesn’t know is that I’m going to Hanan, a place almost completely the opposite of Mayland. Thomson is clear we must not share this information. This means that despite getting closer to Maisie, we’ll always have secrets. 
In addition, Raf and I have special lessons with a Hanan language tutor. She complains when we use slang and is strict with us about getting our inflexions right. Apparently, we have ‘farmers’ accents, and this won’t do even though our cover story says we are coming from a rural area. I’m not sure she’s got the memo. As soon as we are out of earshot, we mimic her tones.
“Please let me hold the door for you,” Raf says in an exaggerated high society accent.
“How kind of you,” I reply in a similar accent.
“I feel there’s a stick up my ass.”
I hold up an imaginary stick. “Let me help you remove it.”
Raf laughs and returns to his normal voice. “She’s so, I don’t know.”
“Pretentious,” I offer.
“Yes.”

After a week of training, Raf and I are told that we are going out on Saturday evening with McCabe on a familiarisation mission. Miss Simmons must have spoken to Thomson and arranged it.
Maisie makes me wear one of her black dresses. I tried to explain to her that I’m not supposed to stand out, but she’d said that if I wore my clothes, I would stand out, so I’d given in.
When I walk downstairs, Raf whistles. “Like the dress.”
“Thanks, you look good too,” I say, taking in his fitted jeans and purple fitted shirt.
“What’s do they mean by familiarisation?” Raf asks as we wait in the hall for McCabe.
“It’s my fault. I found it hard when we went to town the other day. I didn’t know how to use the escalator or anything, so Miss Simmons said that she would sort it out,” I explain.
“It’s fine with me. I want to get out,” Raf replies. “Where do you think McCabe’s going to take us?”
“No idea,” I reply.
McCabe must have overheard our conversation because he loudly announces. “We’re going to the city, and it’s not just for fun.”
When we’re in the car, McCabe explains. “We have a little recon to do. There’s this boy about your age. He’s meeting some friends in a nightclub, and your job is to watch him.”
“Is that all?” I ask.
“Yes, we just want to see who he meets, what he does after.”
Raf scratches his head. “What will that achieve?” 
“Nothing is ever achieved in a day, Raf. You’ll get a taste of Mayland nightlife, and at the same time we get some information on this boy.”
“How will we find out anything in a nightclub?” I ask.
“You’ll be surprised,” McCabe replies, pulling out some photos from an envelope. “This is what he looks like.”
His name is Tyler Matthews, and he’s nineteen years old. He has short dark hair with lines shaved into it and one in his eyebrow. He doesn’t look like anyone I’ve met before, and it doesn’t surprise me that McCabe wants us to track him. 
“Fancy a haircut like that?” I ask Raf.
Raf’s lips quirk. “Anything to please the ladies.”
McCabe snorts. “Not an undercover haircut, is it?” 
I grin. “Not exactly.”
“Your job is to take some photos of the people he’s with. Think you can handle that?” McCabe asks.
Raf catches my eye. “I think we can manage that, can’t we Layla?”
I nod, but I can’t help feeling nervous.

The drive to the city takes almost an hour. When we get there, I press my face to the window. The lights and buildings seem to run on endlessly. People flood the streets, and the shops and bars are still open even though it's late. There are so many cars, buses and taxis that we move at a snail’s pace, but I don’t mind; I want to soak in the atmosphere.
“We’re heading to a restaurant opposite the club Tyler goes to every Saturday night. If we sit outside, we can observe things discreetly and then when it’s time, you can head into the nightclub,” McCabe says.
Raf grins. “Are we having dinner there?”
McCabe rolls his eyes. “We are but may I point out we’re not here for the food.”
Raf winks at me. 
I try to smother a giggle. “I think we’re supposed to be focused on the target, Raf.”
“Of course, what was I thinking?” Raf asks, then he leans towards me and whispers in my ear. “I’m starving.”
 “You can’t be starving, I saw you scoff a cake before we left,” I reply.
Raf smirks. “No need to take me literally, Layla.”
McCabe coughs loudly. “Back to business, you two.”
“Sorry,” we say in unison.
McCabe pulls out a box from his pocket. Inside is a matching set of earrings and a necklace. The necklace has a large black pendant with an elaborate design around the outside, and so do the earrings. “These are earpieces and a microphone.”
I raise my hands in the air. “And I thought you were giving me a present.”
McCabe shows me a button at the back of the pendants. “Just press these when you need to communicate. There’s no need to have them on all the time.”
“Sure,” I reply.
McCabe then takes two small bugs out of his pocket.  “I didn’t want you to feel left out Raf, so here’s a present for you. I’ll instruct you if you need to use them later.”
Raf stares at the bugs and then places them in his pocket. ”Thanks.”

When we get to the restaurant, we’re led to a table outside under a canopy with little fairy lights. The table has white tablecloths and purple flowers in a small vase in the middle. As the waiter brings us a bowl of bread, and I vow to remember every moment. McCabe passes me a menu. It’s Italian food, and I choose a spicy spaghetti dish, but then he insists we have a starter as well, so I order a tomato salad. 
“So how long do we wait?” Raf asks.
“The nightclub doesn’t open until 9 pm, and it doesn’t get busy until at least 10 pm, so there’s time to enjoy your meal,” McCabe replies.
Raf nods. “ I see. We need the crowds.” 
“You’re learning fast,” McCabe says. “It must be the teacher.”
Raf grins. “Of course.”
I recall Miss Simmons’ advice about trailing people but following someone into a nightclub doesn’t feel quite the same as doing it in a shopping centre. 
Just as my stomach is tying itself in knots, the salad turns up. Raf and I stare at the array of cutlery in front of us.
“What fork do I use?” I ask.
McCabe grunts. “I’m no expert, but Miss Simmons tells me you’re supposed to start from the outside and work your way in.”
“Do you often go out with Miss Simmons for dinner?” I ask as I pick up the outer fork.
McCabe grimaces. “That’s my business.”
“Sorry,” I reply, wringing my napkin.
Raf changes the topic. “This antipasti is amazing.”
I stare at his huge plate of meats, cheeses and olives. “I don’t know how you can eat that much.”
Raf grins. “Not my fault, I’m hungry.”
My last meal at home comes back to me. Iona’s family had joined us, and we’d squeezed round the little table. They had brought some extra chairs and we’d partly eaten off our laps. My mum had cooked my favourite, a spicy chicken and chickpea stew. “Do you miss Hanan food?”
“I don’t miss my aunt’s cooking,” Raf replies. “I get a ton more food here.”
Raf’s comment reminds me how much harder things were for him on the compound. 

After we finish our main course, we sit drinking coffee, waiting for the target. A small queue has formed under a neon sign that flashes ‘Spiral Lounge’. Most of the people outside are about my age. My dress is just about right; it’s stylish without being as skimpy as some of the girls. Maisie knew what she was doing.
About 20 minutes later, we see our target enter the club with some friends. They go straight to the front. 
“Time for you guys to get going,” McCabe says. “I’ll meet you afterwards at that pub over there.”
“The White Horse?” Raf asks.
McCabe nods. “Yes, I’ll be nursing a pint. Now don’t let me down.”
“Of course not,” I reply.
McCabe smiles wryly. “We’ll see.”
“Are you paying for dinner?” I ask, biting my lip.
McCabe’s mouth lifts at the corner. “Yes, Layla and here’s some cash for the rest of the evening.”
My eyes widen as McCabe passes Raf the wad of cash. 
Raf grins. “Looks like drinks are on me.”
Raf and I get up and walk across the street to join the queue.
“Pity we can’t just go in,” I say.
“It’ll give us some time to talk. We haven’t had much of a chance to be on our own since we left the compound,” Raf says.
“You’re right. We’ve been so busy.”
Raf leans towards me. “So, what do you think about the whole Hanan thing?”
“It feels like an opportunity and a curse.”
“Agreed. I just hope we can help the people we’ve left behind.”
“You know, when we were having dinner back there, it’s easy to forget everyone. Then when I remember, I feel guilty.”
“My aunt once said to me, there’s no point in guilt.”
“There may be no point in it, but I can’t help feeling that way.”
“I think we need to enjoy what we can, Layla, and help where we can too.”
“You’re right.”
“What’s your roommate, Maisie, like?”
“She’s nice and funny too. She lent me this dress.”
“Olly has a bit of a thing for her.”
“He’s a bit of a ladies’ man, isn’t he?”
“Yeah, but don’t hold it against him. I think he genuinely likes her. He pestered me to ask you what she thought about him.”
“If he’s really into her, I guess I can tell you that she likes him too.”
“He’ll be over the moon.”
“They might as well make the most of it while they can.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“Once we’re in the field, who knows when they’ll see each other again.”
“What if they end up working together?”
“It could happen, I suppose, but it might be dangerous.”
“They could have a relationship in secret.”
“Possibly. I don’t know how easy that would be.”
Raf seems to brood on what I’ve said.
“Are you okay?” I ask.
“I’m fine.”
I notice that we’re almost at the front of the queue. “Have you got that cash?”
“Yes,” Raf says, pulling it out of his pocket.

The entrance to the Spiral Lounge is dimly lit with up-lighting. As we head into the main room, the noise gets louder, and I’m not sure what kind of music it is, but it’s not my taste. There’s an enormous bar with every bottle you could think of, and hundreds of people are squeezed onto the purple leather sofas. The walls are lit by spiral lights in keeping with the club’s name and a man with a pork-pie hat stands behind the decks.
I tap Raf on the shoulder. “What should we do first?” 
Raf arches an eyebrow. “Get a drink.”
While we wait at the bar, I peruse the drinks’ menu. A woman walks away with a multi-coloured cocktail, and I want to try it, so Raf buys me one.
Once we have our drinks, we look around for the target. We find him in one of the smaller rooms, lit in white neon light. Tyler is surrounded by a group of people. A girl sits on his lap, and his hand rests on her thigh. We can’t hear a word above the music, so we find a table at the other end of the room but where we’ve got a line of sight.
“What do we do now?” I whisper in Raf’s ear.
Raf puts his arm around me and pulls me close on the sofa. “We act like we’re together.”
“Then what?”
“You heard what McCabe said. We wait.”
I sip my drink, trying to ignore how close Raf is to me. It’s a mocktail and a mixture of orange juice, lime and pineapple. “Did you ever imagine we’d be doing this when we left the compound?”
“No, I didn’t, but I can’t say I don’t like it.”
“Drinking mocktails in a club, spying on people, pretending to be your girlfriend.” 
Raf smirks. “Obviously the best bit is pretending to be my girlfriend.”
I raise my eyebrows. “Of course.” 
Raf looks at me closely. “It will be different in Hanan.”
I know that he’s thinking about our role as brother and sister there. It wouldn’t be good to get romantically involved now. “We’ll need to be careful.”
“Yes,” Raf replies.
I rest my head on his shoulder. “At least we’re going to be there together. It would be worse if we were alone.”
Raf nods. “I guess that’s something.”
We sit in silence for a while. It feels comfortable. Accepting.
I notice Tyler get up from where he’s sitting and the girl he’s with seems to be arguing with him. He heads to the bar, but we can still see them through the door. “If he’s just getting a drink we shouldn’t get up,” I say.
Raf nods. “You’re right.”
We watch Tyler talking to the barman, and then the barman picks up a phone.
“Who’s he calling?” I ask.
Raf shrugs. “Maybe the manager.”
A few minutes later a guy in his thirties joins Tyler at the bar. The man looks around shiftily and points upstairs.
Raf holds up his phone. “Let me take a pic of my gorgeous girlfriend.”
I know exactly what he means, so I sit in a position where Tyler is behind me. Raf takes several photos.
We watch Tyler head the other way.
Raf grabs my hand. “Time to make a move.” 
Tyler’s distinctive hairstyle is easy to pick out in the crowd. He follows his friend through a door that says private.
I press the pendant on my jewellery. “He’s gone through a door which says private. Do we follow?”
“No, it’s too risky. Keep back for the moment,” McCabe says in my ear.
I tug on Raf’s hand. “McCabe says we should wait.” 
Raf scratches his chin. “Let’s grab a seat here then. We can see when he comes back out.”
McCabe speaks to me again. ”Did you get a photo of the guy?”
“Yes,” I reply.
“Send it to me now,” McCabe says.
I tap Raf on the shoulder. “You need to send McCabe the photos.”
“Okay,” Raf replies.
Raf scrolls through the photos before he sends them. He’s got some crisp pictures of Tyler and the barman, but there’s also quite a few of me. 
Within a few seconds, I can hear McCabe in my ear again. “It’s the owner of the club, and we believe he’s involved. I want you to leave a bug as near to his office as possible and one near the bar. Think you can manage that.”
“Yes,” I reply.
I explain to Raf what we have to do, and then we head to the crowded bar. Raf pretends to tie his shoelace while he places the first bug in a crevice under the bar. It’s a perfect hiding place, even someone cleaning the bar won’t notice it.
“Great idea,” I say.
 “I’m full of good ideas.”
I raise my eyebrows. “And a little cocky.”
Raf smirks. “Shall we find Tyler?”
“Yes, but we need to get through that door with private on without anyone noticing.”
“Agreed.”
Once we get the door, Raf leans against the wall, looking around. “Just be ready.”
“Ready for what?” I ask.
Raf pushes me through the door taking me by surprise, and I almost fall over. “Sorry, no one was looking. I had to act fast.”
I regain my balance as Raf pulls me up. There’s a small corridor leading up to some stairs.
“They must be up there,” Raf says, pointing to two doors ahead.
“What if they come out?”
Raf shrugs his shoulders. “We’re just going to have to take the risk.”
I bite my lip. “Okay.”
Slowly, we walk up the stairs. I’m grateful for music booming from the main room as it covers up our footsteps. 
“Which door?” I whisper in Raf’s ear.
Raf presses his ear to one of the doors. “They’re in there.”
“What should we do?”
Raf moves to the other side and presses his ear to the other door. “This one is empty. We can hide in there.”
Raf pushes the door open, and we’re in a storeroom. There are shelves full of boxes and plastic containers. I slowly walk around, peering into the boxes. One of them has Christmas decorations in and another has dressing-up costumes.
Raf gestures to me to come towards him. He’s found a box with lots of files. He pulls one out and flicks through the paperwork. It seems to be mainly stock lists and accounts. I’m not sure whether it’s crucial, but Raf starts taking photos.
I take out another file. It seems to be more accounts, but then I notice something unusual. It says Tyler’s name and next to it, a large sum of money. 
“Raf, I think this is important,” I whisper. 
Raf takes a photo of the page. We flick through some more files, but nothing stands out. As I replace them in the box, we hear a noise in the corridor.
Raf tiptoes to the door and listens.
After a few minutes, Raf calls to me. “Quick, they’ve gone downstairs.”
I close the box with the files and run to the door. 
“How long do you think we have before he comes back?” I ask.
“I don’t know,” Raf replies, “But I’ll wait here while you go in.”
I open the door to the manager’s office. It’s a minimalist room with ultra-modern furniture and purple walls. I look for any crevices where I can hide the bug. My throat constricts because I can’t see any. Then I find what I’m looking for. One of the legs of the table has a small groove in which I can fit the bug. I push it in and run outside. 
“You took your time,” Raf says. 
“Sorry,” I reply.
We’re at the bottom of the stairs when we hear someone. My eyes widen in fear.
Raf pushes me to the wall and starts kissing me. His lips feel soft against mine, and I feel a tingle run through my body.
A gruff voice shouts at us. “This is a private area. What are you doing here?”
We break apart, and I adjust my dress apologetically. 
Raf runs his hands through his hair. “Sorry man, we just wanted to go somewhere private.”
The manager looks us up and down suspiciously. Then he sighs. “Bloody kids. Get out of here.”

We run through the door and out of the club. Once we’re clear of the club, we start to giggle.
“What a rush,” Raf says.
I throw my hands in the air. “I thought we were in big trouble for a moment.”
Raf rubs his neck. “I hope you didn’t mind me kissing you.” 
I redden. “No, it worked. You got us out of a tight situation.”
Raf’s eyes crease at the corners. “Right.”
“I don’t think we need to tell McCabe, though.”
“No, let’s not,” Raf agrees.

We find McCabe in a corner of the pub, reading a paper.
McCabe downs the last dregs of his pint. “You took your time.”
I fold my arms. “It wasn’t that easy, you know.”
Raf smiles easily, putting his hand on my shoulder. “What do you expect when you send a couple of kids into a nightclub?”
McCabe laughs. “Come on, let’s make a move.”

Back in the car, McCabe’s impressed by what we’ve managed to do. “Getting those photos of the accounts was genius, and now you’ve planted those bugs, we’ll get even more information. Well done. You’re more ready than I thought.”
Raf smiles. “Thanks.”
I plaster a smile on my face because I don’t feel ready at all.  The only thing that makes Hanan seem less scary is that Raf will be with me.  Even if it’s only as a brother. Any romantic feelings need to be banished, but I can’t help replaying his kiss even though it wasn’t real.
McCabe continues. “Just a word of caution. As you know, we don’t share anything with friends.”
“Of course,” I reply.

Chapter 11

Maisie wakes me up the next day by jumping on my bed.
“So where did you go last night? What did you do?” Maisie asks.
“If I tell you, I’ll have to kill you,” I reply.
Maisie’s mouth opens. “Was it a real mission then?”
“Yes,” I reply.
“You’re so lucky. I don’t know when they’ll take me on one.”
“I’m not sure I’m lucky,” I reply. “It was nerve-racking.”
Maisie peers down at me. “But that’s what we signed up for, isn’t it?”
“I’m not sure it was a choice,” I reply.
Maisie frowns. “Don’t tell me you were forced?” 
I shrug. “I wasn’t forced as such. It just seemed to be the right thing to do.”
Maisie shakes her head. “If you say so.”
I change the subject. “Guess what?”
“What?” Maisie asks.
“Raf told me last night that Olly likes you.”
Maisie beams. “Really? What else did he say?”
“Just that.”
“You should have asked him more.”
“Sorry,” I reply.
“What should I do?” Maisie asks.
“You could talk to him.”
Maisie starts pulling clothes out of the cupboard until she finds an off-the-shoulder white brocade top and short skirt. “Do you think it’s a bit much?”
The corners of my mouth turn upwards. “For a day of interrogation? No, it’s perfect. Maybe you can distract them.”
“You’re right, it is too much. But I think I can get away with the top with jeans.”
“Go for it,” I reply.

After breakfast, we head to the meeting room. All the teachers are here today, something that’s never happened before and there’s a large screen at the front.
Thomson clears his throat until we’re silent. “Today, we will be training you to deal with interrogation techniques. Your aim is to stay calm under pressure and not reveal anything. Now let me show you a video.”
The video explains some of the techniques used to get information out of suspects. The interrogator starts by being friendly and offering the suspect various scenarios that are favourable for them, as long as they give some information. If the suspect doesn’t admit to anything, the interviewing continues until they do. The underlying belief is that the suspect is guilty. The final part of the video is a case of a fourteen-year-old boy, who under interrogation, admits to killing his friend even though DNA evidence later finds him innocent.
At the end of the video, Thomson speaks. “What do you think of that?”
“I can’t believe he said he did it even though he didn’t,” Al says.
I stare at Al. “I can. He’d lost his friend and the adults that should have been protecting him just wouldn’t believe he didn’t do it. He probably began to think he did do it.”
Thomson smiles. “You make a good point, Layla. We can sometimes begin to doubt the truth under questioning.”
Al shakes his head. “There’s no way I would admit to something I didn’t do.”
Thomson adjusts his glasses. “It’s easier, to tell the truth, but a little harder to lie under that kind of pressure. If you are brought in for questioning, the interrogators won’t stop until they are completely satisfied that you are who you say you are. You must not give any information that could compromise others. Stick to your cover story. Don’t be bribed. If they offer you good terms for giving up information, don’t be tempted. It is likely these terms are lies. You need to think quickly.”
“What if it goes on for weeks?” Jake asks.
“You need to stay strong and not reveal anything. It’s an act of self-sacrifice, but you must protect your team at all costs. You can concoct a plausible story that is backed up with real information. This may divert them, and you can plan this in advance in case of capture.”
“What if they already know everything?” Marina asks.
“They wouldn’t be questioning you if they knew everything. Your interrogators may get some facts right, but this could be pure guesswork. You need to work out what they know and what they don’t. If you say too much, you might confirm one of their guesses. A common lie is that one of your team has given you up. This is usually because your team member is also a suspect, so know when to be quiet.” 
Miss Simmons shuffles some papers. “We’re now going to divide you into two teams.  Each one of you has a cover story, and you also know your team member’s cover stories. The interrogators will use techniques to get information out of you, and your job is not to reveal anything important. We will judge who the winning team is at the end.”
Miss Simmons hands me a piece of paper. My cover story is that I’m a student who has been given an internship at a science company. The company is making a vaccine, but it is unclear whether they will sell it to Mayland. The government want to make sure the vaccine is not sold abroad. Raf is also a student on an internship. Maisie is working in the office as a receptionist and Olly works in the factory in manufacturing.  
Thompson comes over to me. “Your first interview is with me.”
“Okay,” I say.
“Don’t look so nervous, Layla, I’ve every confidence in you.”
I nod and follow him to the interview room. 
When we’re sat down, Thompson explains that he’s going to record the interview. He puts a fresh tape in the machine, and then he starts.
“Layla, why are you here?”
I take a deep breath and get into my role. “I’m on an internship.”
“But why are you really here?” 
“To get experience for when I apply for jobs.”
“Let’s not pretend. You’re not really a student, you’re not here on an internship, you’re a spy.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” I reply.
“It will be better for you if you’re honest with us.”
“I am being honest.”
“Your friend, Raf, has already told us he’s been sent here to find out information about our vaccine.”
“Really? I don’t know anything about that. Wow, he seemed so ordinary to me.”
“You’re very good at acting, Layla, but please can we stop pretending. It will save us all a lot of time.”
“I’m not acting,” I reply. “There seems to be a big mix up here.”
“Your government wants to find out about our vaccine. Why would that be?”
“I don’t know anything about your vaccine. I’ve been working with Michelle on some artificial antibodies.”
“I’ve seen you with Raf at lunchtime. But you’re saying you don’t know anything about what he’s been doing.”
I shake my head. “No. I thought he just had a thing for me.”
Thomson switches the recorder off. “We’ll end the interview there. If you won’t talk to me, perhaps you’ll talk to someone more persuasive.”
I watch Thomson walk out of the room, and I hear a key turn in the lock. Clearly, we’re still in role. So far, I seem to be able to keep up the act, and I’m amazed by how the lies trip off my tongue so easily. 

Half an hour later, McCabe enters the room. He’s carrying a gun. If this were real life, I might believe he’d use it, but it’s not. All I can see is the McCabe who took us out for dinner the other night.
McCabe holds the gun to my head. “You didn’t seem to want to speak to my colleague, so we thought you needed a little persuasion.”
It might not be real, but it still doesn’t feel safe having a gun held at my head. “I don’t know anything,” I stutter.
“We have your friend Raf here too. He’s already told us about you, Layla.”
“He’s not my friend.”
“That’s not what he’s telling us. He’s explained how you’re both spies from Mayland. That you’ve been recruited to work together to find out about our vaccine.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” I say as the gun digs into the side of my head. 
A cloth bag is pulled over my head, and I feel my hands being tied behind my back. It’s hard to breathe, and my throat constricts.
“Ready to talk,” McCabe says.
“I’ve got nothing to tell you,” I reply.
McCabe pulls me up, and I’m walked through a door. I can feel the cold air on my arms and then the sound of a vehicle. Roughly, I’m shoved into what seems to be a van, and it takes off. I tell myself it’s not real, that it’s just an act, but my body can’t help shaking.  My senses are alert, and I can hear when we leave the gravel of Dighton and head onto a road. Where are they taking me? 
The van stops after a while and then I’m pulled out by a woman. Her hands are much gentler than McCabe’s.  I’m taken into a building and sat down. I still can’t breathe easily under the bag.
“Can you remove this?” I ask.
“Of course,” Miss Simmons says, taking off the cloth over my head.
I take a deep breath. I’m in a small sparsely furnished room, with a lie-detector on the table. 
Miss Simmons arches an eyebrow. “As you insist on lying, we’ve brought you here, our lie-detecting lab.”
The training we’ve had on beating lie-detectors comes back. All I need to do is meditate; a skill my mother taught me. “I’m not lying. This is ridiculous, you need to let me go.”
“We’ll see about that,” Miss Simmons says as she starts attaching electrodes to my fingers.
While she’s attaching the electrodes, I try to empty my mind of any thoughts. I imagine myself, lying outside on the grass, and as Miss Simmons asks me questions, I visualise that each one is just a small bird flying through the air. 
At the end of the questioning, I look at the polygraph, despite all my lies, there’s no proof.
Miss Simmons looks at me. “Looks like we need to try something different, to get you to speak.”
I groan. “Can’t you see I don’t know anything.”
“We know you do, Layla. So, until you talk, we are going to keep going? If you know, what’s good for you, you’ll tell us what we need to know now.”
I begin to wonder whether I should give up. What does it matter anyway? It’s not real, but on the other hand, I don’t want to let my team down. “You’re wasting your time.”
“I don’t think so,” Miss Simmons says, placing the cloth bag back over my head.
Not the bag. I hate the bag. She pulls me up, and we walk out the door. All the time, I’m wondering how long this will go on for. I figure there’s only one more teacher for me to see. If I can get through that, then it’s enough. I’m taken to another room and then left there for a while.
Time seems to go on interminably.  Raf’s kiss comes back to me, but I vow to forget it.  The closer we are to each other, the more vulnerable we are. This exercise today only highlights why. 

Finally, someone enters the room. As expected, it’s Mrs Lafferty. Removing the cloth off my head, she points to a water bottle. “Please have a drink, you must be thirsty.”
I take the water bottle suspiciously. “Thank you.”
I sip from the bottle cautiously at first, but I’m so parched I finish the bottle. 
“Are you ready to talk yet?”
“I don’t know anything.”
“I see you want to make this hard, Layla.”
I’m beginning to feel dizzy. Maybe there wasn’t just water in the bottle. “I’m not making it hard; I just don’t know anything.”
Mrs Lafferty’s questions are repetitive, but she doesn’t give up. I feel disorientated, I haven’t eaten since breakfast, and my body feels weak and dizzy.
“Maybe we should leave this to tomorrow then,” she says, getting up to leave.
I desperately want to say no, but for some reason, I can’t give up on the rest of the team.
When she closes the door behind her; I’m hoping someone will come back and tell me it’s over, but no one does.
More time passes, and I feel like crying. This doesn’t feel like a game anymore. It feels real, and I’m not sure I can hack being a spy.
Half an hour later, Thomson arrives. “Layla, are you ready to talk?”
I slouch against the chair. “Yes, I am.
“Good,” Thomson says, but there’s a tinge of disappointment in his voice.
After I’ve spilt the beans, Thomson explains that I’m the last to reveal all. I should feel like a victor, but somehow I don’t.

When we get back to the house, the rest of my team are waiting for me at the door. 
Maisie rushes towards me and hugs me. “You were the last to finish.”
“Thomson told me, but I did give up in the end.”
“Everyone did,” Maisie replies.
“What?” I ask.
“Yes, we all gave in. I was rubbish. You held out longer than anyone, but they needed to get you back for dinner.”
“It felt so real,” I reply.
“I know,” she says. “It was a test, and you passed with flying colours.”
“Did our team win then?
Maisie put her arm through mine. “Yes, we won by a mile. Raf held on nearly as long as you, but most of us gave up at the lie-detector stage. Come on, let’s get dinner, you must be famished.”


Chapter 12

The next morning, Raf and I are called to Thomson’s office.
When we enter his room, he gestures us to sit down.
“Things are moving fast in Hanan,” he says. “You’ve done well in training, and we think you’re ready to go.”
I gulp. “You think we’re ready.”
“Yes,” Thomson replies.
“What’s been happening in Hanan?” Raf asks.
“They’ve recently launched a test missile, which seems to have been successful.”
“I see,” Raf replies.
“We need people there urgently to find out more.”
“When do we leave?” I ask.
“Tomorrow. Everything has been set up for your arrival,” Thomson says.
“That quick,” I reply.
Thomson adjusts his glasses. “Yes, but as I said, we need to get people out there.”
“We understand,” Raf says.
Thomson smiles thinly. “You will be met at the Hanan airport by Jamelia and Ori, posing as your aunt and uncle but you won’t fly there directly. From Mayland, you will be taken to Kaspa.”
“Where we grew up with our mother,” I reply, 
“You’re catching on, Layla.  In Kaspa you will visit a pistachio farm to learn more about it. Then from Kaspa, you will fly to Hanan. As soon as you arrive in Kaspa, your cover needs to be intact. Hanan is a law unto itself, so be careful to avoid any suspicion. They don’t follow the same rules of interrogation as Mayland. For this reason, I will give you both a cyanide pill.”
Raf stands up and looks between Thomson and me several times. “You’re giving us a cyanide pill. Are you joking?” 
Thomson massages the bridge of his nose. “The chance of you ever having to use them is minuscule, but all our agents in the field are given one. I’m just emphasising that you need to be in role as soon as you can and not to let your guard down for a second.”
Raf sits down. “Don’t worry, we’ll stay in role.”
“Excellent,” Thomson says. “Ori and Jamelia are good people, and they will look after you. I don’t want you to worry. Ori has been organising a job for you, Raf.”
“A job?”
“Yes, a government job, that will allow you access to information. But only once you’ve built trust.”
“I see.”
“As we’ve discussed before, building trust is the most important thing.”
“What will I do?” I ask.
“Jamelia will be taking you along to social events,” Thomson says. “You may not think this is effective but remember this is not a race. Remember the story of the tortoise and the hare?”
“Yes,” I reply.
“You’re the tortoise. Remember that.”
I smile. “Okay.” 
“So tomorrow, Miss Simmons will take you to the airport in the morning. You will be provided with suitcases later, so start packing tonight.”
“Thanks,” Raf replies.
“But we do get to see our families in four months?” I ask.
“Yes, it will be all be arranged,” Thomson says. “Now go and good luck!”
“Thanks,” I reply. 

Maisie is sitting on my bed, watching me pack my things. “Do you think we’ll see each other again?”
“I hope so,” I reply. 
“Are you excited?” she asks.
“More scared than excited,” I reply.
“You’ll be fine,” she says. “I just know it.”
My hands shake as I fold a t-shirt. “What if they find me out?” 
Maisie grabs hold of my hands. “If anyone can get themselves out of a sticky situation, you can. Look how well you did on the interrogation challenge.”
I press the clothes into my suitcase hard. “I still gave up in the end, though.”
“It was a game, and you knew it. You even managed to pass that lie-detector test. By the way, you need to teach me your secret.”
“Meditation,” I reply.
Maisie groans. “Sounds like a lot of work.”
“You asked me.”
“I know, maybe I’ll try it. It’s probably why you’re always so calm.”
“I might look calm on the surface, but I’m a mess inside, Maisie.”
Maisie strokes her chin. “Why don’t I believe that.”
“I’m not supposed to tell you too much, but Raf is leaving tomorrow too.”
“That doesn’t surprise me.”
“It doesn’t?”
“No, you two are always having lessons at the same time.”
“You’re not a spy for nothing, Maisie.”
“I’m a little observant, that’s all and what I do know is that Raf likes you.”
“We’re friends.”
Maisie looks at me slyly. “I think it’s more than friends, Layla.”
“But I think that’s all we can be.”
Maisie nods. “We’ll see. Anyway, what time are you leaving tomorrow?”
“In the morning.”
Maisie gives me a hug. “I’m going to miss you.”
“Me too,” I reply. It’s surprising how close I’ve got to Maisie in such a short time, but now I’m not sure if I’ll ever see her again. 

Chapter 13

As we get off the plane in Kaspa, we’re blasted with hot, humid air. There are throngs of people at the airport; so many that you can hardly move. People barge past us to retrieve our bags without apology. Eventually, Raf gives up on politeness and pushes past people to get our bags off the carousel. A taxi driver greets us with a board saying our names, and then we’re taken to a pistachio farm. This is all part of our cover story. 
A man called Dekel greets us at the pistachio farm. After a six-hour journey to get here, the last thing I want is a tour of the farm, but that is precisely what Dekel proceeds to do. Firstly, he takes us to the fields to show us the pistachio trees and explains to us the best conditions for growing the nuts. The bare yellow hills in the distance stand out against the red earth beneath the trees, and I’m mesmerised. In comparison to the compound, growing up here would have been heaven. Dekel then takes us to outbuildings. He explains that it is not just a farm but a processing plant and that there is a rapid time frame between harvesting and drying the nuts.
When I feel like I’m going to faint, Dekel takes us into the farmhouse. It’s not as big as Dighton, but it’s still considerable. The influence of Hanan culture is everywhere from the elaborately decorated thick rugs to the tapestries on the wall. Dekel is wealthier than I imagined. We sit down on some low leather chairs around a table while a maid brings us some mint tea. I don’t know what I expected, but it wasn’t this, and it’s helpful because this is the background I’m supposed to come from.
“How many people do you employ altogether?” Raf asks.
“Over one hundred at harvest time but only a few the rest of the year.”
Raf’s mouth opens slightly. “That’s a lot of people during harvest. What do they all do?” 
“We have over one hundred acres of farm here. Most of them are used for collecting and transporting the nuts.” 
“Where do you get all the workers from?” I ask.
“They’re seasonal workers that travel from all over. We accommodate them for a while before they move on.”
There’s so much I’ve learnt by coming here. I understand now why Thomson thought it was essential we came. “Thanks for showing us around. It’s been really informative.”
“Your taxi will take you back to the airport soon, but I must offer you some Kaspian delicacies first.”

Sidona’s airport, in Hanan’s capital city, is shiny and new. Much more like Mayland than Kaspa. We make our way to the exit. Ori and Jamelia are meeting us at the airport, and we’ve been schooled on how to behave. It’s our first public appearance, and people will be looking. We’ve seen photos of Ori and Jamelia, and we need to recognise them immediately. As we walk into the arrivals area, Ori and Jamelia rush towards us, hugging us both and kissing us several times on both cheeks.
“How you’ve grown,” Jamelia says, and she swings her arm around my shoulder.
“Mum has given us some presents for you,” I say.
“Your mum shouldn’t have bothered,” Jamelia says. “Come on, let’s get our car. You must be so tired.
We’re met at the front of the airport in a black BMW. A driver opens the doors for us, and we get in. We have to continue the charade for the entire journey back to the house. It’s exhausting. Is this what it’ll be like the whole time, or will I get used to it?  Maybe I’ll begin to believe I’m Layla Javid, niece of a high-ranking government official rather than Layla Myer from the compound.
When we’re back at the house, Jamelia takes me to my room. She closes the door behind us. “We’re delighted you’ve come, Layla. I hope you’ll be comfortable here. Anything you need, just ask. I’ll leave you to unpack now, and I’ll see you at dinner later. Tomorrow we have a busy day. We’re going for afternoon tea at a friend’s house. It’s a bit of a mother’s get together, but there’ll be other young women there. I know it’s very soon after your arrival, but my friends are very keen to meet my ‘niece’.”
“It’s no problem,” I lie.
My new bedroom has multi-coloured tapestries on the wall and a double bed covered in a red patterned bedspread. The furniture is made of dark wood carved with intricate patterns. The dressing table has a mirror and a small stool. A set of brushes is laid out on the table, ready for me to use. The overall effect is warm and exotic. There’s a bowl of rose petals beside my bed and a smell of incense. I unpack a few things and then lie down in the bed. I let my eyelids close, and when I wake up its morning. 

Chapter 14

Raf is at the door when I come down for breakfast. 
“Are you off out?” I ask
“Yes, Ori is taking me to the races,” Raf says.
“The races?”
“Yes, horse-racing is a big thing here.”
“It sounds more fun than a garden party.”
Raf’s eyes scan my face. “I’ll see you later.”
I bite my lip. “Yes, see you later.” 
Jamelia advises me to wear one of my more conservative dresses to the garden party. I choose a blue wrap over dress with little birds on and pair it with blue pumps. We’re going to one of the lower government official’s houses, but it’s still an opportunity for me to gather intelligence. I place a bug in my clutch bag.
Jamelia and I arrive late as planned. This allows less time for personal questions about my background while I get used to my cover story. I’m introduced to Sara, the hostess first. 
She shakes my hand. “Layla, isn’t it?”
I nod. “Yes.”
“It’s so lovely to meet you. As Jamelia’s niece, you’re always welcome here.”
“Thank you,” I reply.
Sara turns to Jamelia. “She looks so much like Ori.”
Jamelia smiles. “Yes, there is quite a family resemblance isn’t there?”
“Kiran, come here,” Sara calls. “I want you to meet Layla.”
Kiran, a girl about my age, saunters over with a curious expression. She’s got 2-inch heels on and a tight, low-cut dress that hugs all her curves. So much for Jamelia’s advice about dressing conservatively. “Hello,” she says.
“Hi,” I say. 
She grabs my hand. “Come on, let’s escape.”
I follow her towards a group of young women at the far end of the garden.
“This is Layla,” she says. “She’s Ori and Jamelia’s niece.”
“I hear you’ve come from Kaspa,” a girl called Amal says. “Is it as backward as they say?”
I know that Amal would be even more disdainful if she knew I was from the compound. Details about Kaspa’s countryside and farms come to mind, but this is not the kind of question I was prepared for. My back stiffens. 
“Don’t mind Amal,” Kiran said. “She’s still learning some manners.”
“Sorry, I’m just curious that’s all,” Amal says. “I’ve heard they have no shopping malls.”
I take a deep breath. “Yes, I didn’t do much shopping in Kaspa.” 
“We’ll have to introduce you to retail therapy then,” Kiran says.
“Sounds fun,” I reply.
“How about tomorrow?” Kiran asks. “I’ll pick you up in my car at about 11 in the morning. Is that okay?”
“Sure,” I reply. “Sounds like fun.”

Kiran picks me up at eleven as promised in a chauffeur-driven car. 
“I thought we would visit Stones first, it’s the best shop in Sidona. Lots of designer labels.”
The cost of the shopping trip escalates in my head. “Great,” I reply. “But I don’t think I need designer labels.”
Kiran runs her eyes over my slightly discoloured red dress. “Now that you’re in Kaspa, you need to look the part, you know.”
“I guess so,” I reply, wondering if I can put this shopping trip on expenses.
“You know Amal is having her eighteenth birthday bash at the end of the month, so you need a dress for that for a start.”
“Am I invited?” I ask.
“Of course, you’re invited. You’re Ori and Jamelia’s niece. And your brother will be too. What’s his name?”
“Raf, he’s my twin,” I say.
“Wow, what’s it like to have a twin?” Kiran asks.
“We don’t always agree, but it’s good to know that there’s someone who’s backing you up most of the time. Who’s gone through the same experiences as you.” As I say it, I realise most of what I’m saying is true. 
“What made you both come and live with Ori?”
I rattle off my cover story. “Ori thought we would benefit from coming to live here, now that we’ve finished school. There weren’t many jobs in Kaspa for Raf, and my mother agreed that it was for the best, but I think she was quite upset about it.”
“Mothers never want us to leave, do they? My brother’s married now, but my mother still treats him like a baby.” 
We arrive at Stones, and Kiran takes me straight to the nail bar. “We’ve got to have a manicure first.”
My woman has a very orange face and bright blue nail polish. She offers me a range of different colours and gems, but I’m not sure that I want anything too garish, so I opt for a pale pink colour. 
“Your nails aren’t very long,” she tuts. “Would you like some gel nails?”
“What are they?” I ask.
“Where have you been?” the orange woman says.
Kiran overhears. “They’re false nails that stick on the top of your real ones.”
The idea of false nails doesn’t appeal to me. “No, I’m okay thanks.”
The orange woman sighs. “Okay, I’ll file your nails and apply the nail polish but don’t expect miracles.”
While my nails are being done, I think about how indulgent it is. Mr Thomson had warned me not to ask any questions at first but just establish relationships. It certainly wasn’t a chore to follow his advice.
After having my nails done. Kiran takes me to the clothes department. I’ve never seen so many clothes in one place. My fingers trail the soft stacked jumpers and the silky dresses hanging from the rails.
 Kiran takes a silver silk dress from one of the rails and holds it up to herself. “What do you think?” 
“It’s very sexy,” I reply. It’s tight and clingy, but with Kiran’s figure, she’ll be able to pull it off.
“It’s for Amal’s birthday party,” Kiran says. “You pick something, and then we’ll go and try them on.”
I skim the rails looking for something that I will feel comfortable wearing and which isn’t too expensive. I eventually choose a black dress with long arms and a frilly bit at the end of each sleeve. 
“Really?” she asks.
“I think it will look nice,” I reply.
Kiran pulls out a long blue evening dress with a low-back. “This would look amazing on you.”
I look at the price tag. “It’s a bit expensive.”
“Look you try on your black dress and then try this one on.”
“You’ll see.”
“Okay,” I reply.
We head for the changing rooms, and I try on the black dress first. I think it looks good, but when I see myself in the blue dress, I understand what Kiran means. 
“You have to buy that,” Kiran says when she sees me.
I grin. “Okay,” I reply.

By the time, we’re finished we’re both laden with bags. My clothing choices are conservative by Kiran’s standards, but I’m being guided by Thompson’s advice.
“What’s the bag of toys and sweets for?” I ask.
“It’s for one of the stalls at the fundraiser at the weekend.”
“Fundraiser?”
“Yes, we’re raising money for children in need in Hanan.”
My assessment of Kiran changes. “Are there many children in need in Hanan?” I ask.
“Yes, you’d be surprised. Outside of Sidona, in the villages, there’s a lot of poverty.”
I think about Thomson’s comments about the government’s corruption, and the consequences of that become more real. “I’d like to help.”
“That would be great,” Kiran says. “I didn’t want to ask straight out, but we are short of helpers at the fete.”
“When is it?” I ask.
Kiran beams. “I’ll text you the details.”

“Thanks for today,” I say as we pull up at Ori’s house.
“Anytime,” Kiran says. “I love to shop.”

I don’t see Raf until dinner. Ori had organised for Raf to act as a personal assistant for one of the government officials and his work started today.
“How’s your new job?” I ask Raf.
“Interesting,” Raf says. “I’m working for a man called Abdul Hal. He seems pretty patient with me given that I don’t really know what I’m doing.”
A maid brings in a salad bowl from the kitchen, and I know I can’t ask any real questions.
Ori waves his arm. “I’m sure you’ll be fine, Raf. Abdul is a nice guy, and he’s also friends with the president’s deputy. He’s a good person to know.”
I catch Raf’s eye. “I’m sure you learn lots there.”
“Yes, I’m sure I will,” Raf replies. “So what did you get up to today?”
I think about how Raf has been gaining intelligence at work and suddenly by day seems pretty fruitless. “I went shopping with Kiran.”
Jamelia smiles. “Did you buy much?” 
“A few things,” I reply flushing. “One of the other girls, Amal, is having an eighteenth birthday party and we’re invited, so I bought a dress for that. You’re invited too Raf.”
Raf butters some bread. “I hope I’m not going to be the only guy there.”
Ori laughs. “Don’t you worry, Raf, you won’t be outnumbered. Amal will be inviting all the young people she knows. I hear it’s going to be a big event.” 
“Amal’s mother told me they’re having a dinner and a dance,” Jamelia says.
“Oh, right,” Raf says. 
I know what Raf is thinking. The whole idea of a big dinner and dance for someone’s eighteenth birthday seems a ridiculous extravagance. 
“Are you going to meet with Kiran again?” Jamelia asks me.
“Yes, Kiran’s invited me to help her at a fundraising event for local children at the weekend.”
Jamelia nods her head. “I’m glad you’re getting to know Kiran, she’s very influential amongst the young women.”
Ori presses his fingers together. “And it’s good to be involved in a worthy cause.”

Chapter 13
The fundraising event is being held at Mia’s house, another high-ranking government official’s daughter. I wonder if any of these women know how corrupt the government is. It seems hypocritical to raise money for the poor with one hand while taking it away with the other.
The garden at Mia’s house is huge. They must have to employ an army of gardeners to look after it. There’s topiary sculpted into animals and even a maze. A stage has been set up for later in the middle of the lawn.
Kiran rushes over to me and pulls me towards a stall. “Now I just want you to manage the children’s craft stall if you don’t mind. I’m not the best with kids, so I’m giving you the duty.”
“No problem,” I reply.
“There’s a load of colouring pens, stickers and paper so just get them doing something. They’ll be arriving in about twenty minutes, and it’s important to keep the kids occupied if we want their parents to part with money at the auction.”
I smile. One of my favourite things at school was helping the younger kids to read. “Sure, sounds fun.”
Kiran arches an eyebrow. “You haven’t seen the brats yet.”
I go through all the supplies at the stall and divide them into different activities. I find some blankets and lay them out for the kids to sit on. There’s also some chocolate coins. Perfect for a treasure hunt. I hide them at the far end of the garden in trees and bushes well away from the auction area. If the kids are noisy here, it won’t disturb the auction. It’s not long before the kids start arriving. Soon the kids are busy making swords, wands and masks or colouring in. An hour passes by, and all the kids seem to be enjoying themselves. I’m beginning to congratulate myself on how well it’s going when two children start arguing.
“He snatched my stickers,” one girl with an over-sized pink bow in her hair says.
A boy with dirty knees shoves the bowl of stickers under his legs. “They weren’t yours.”
The girl puts her hands on her hips. “Yes, they were.”
The boy scowls.  “Well, you can’t have any.”
The girl shoves him, and the boy starts wailing. I can hear the auction in the background, and I know I need to pacify the boy.
“How about a treasure hunt?” I ask brightly.
 “A treasure hunt?” the boy says through muffled sobs.
“Yes, for chocolate coins,” I reply.
“Okay,” he says.
“Who else is up for a treasure hunt for chocolate coins?” I ask.
Most of the children stand up. “Yeah,” they shout.
“If you want to go on a treasure hunt, you have to be as quiet as mice,” I say, which has the desired effect of making them all instantly silent. I point at a tree at the far corner of the garden. “We don’t want anyone to know we’re on a treasure hunt so you must creep as quietly as you can over to that tree.”
The kids trail quietly behind me until we’re at the far end of the garden. 
“The coins are hidden in unexpected places so watch out for the elves,” I say.
“There are no elves,” the boy with the dirty knees says.
“Are you sure?” I ask. “Because I’ve seen some.”
“Have you?” he asks. “What do they look like?”
“They have little hats and pointy chins,” I say
“You’re quite the pied piper of Hamelin,” a deep voice chuckles behind me.
When I turn round, a tall, good-looking boy is smirking at me. He looks around my age, maybe a little older.
My hand covers my throat. “Just entertaining the kids.”
“And you’re doing a good job from what I can see.”
I blush. “Thanks.”
“You must be Layla, Ori’s niece.”
“Yes. How do you know?”
“Kiran was telling us that you were going to help out today.”
“Right, of course, and here I am. What brings you here?”
“I’m here with my father. He likes to put in an appearance at these things.”
“And what about you?”
“I’m expected to follow suit.”
“Doesn’t sound like you enjoy it,” I reply.
“We all have duties to perform, don’t we?”
 I think about my reasons for being in Hanan. “I guess so.”
The girl with the pink bow runs over. “Have you seen how many chocolate coins I’ve found?”
“More than enough, I think,” I reply.
“And what’s this?” the boy says, pulling out a coin from behind the girl’s ear.
The girl laughs delightedly. “How did you do that?”
“Magic!” he says. “Now you can add an extra coin to your collection.”
“Do it again,” she urges.
“No, you can’t overdo the magic. I have to go now, unfortunately. See you later, Layla.”
“See you,” I reply, realising I didn’t ask his name. Perhaps I’ll be called back to Mayland for being an utterly hopeless spy. 

After all the people have gone, and I’ve helped pack up the stall, Mia invites us into the house. She takes us to the parlour for some teas and scones. This is my opportunity to plant a bug. My throat constricts. The only way I’ll be able to do it is if I slip into one of the rooms undetected.
“Would you like a cup of tea or coffee?” Mia asks.
“Coffee, please,” I reply.
I take my coffee and help myself to a scone.
“Thanks for helping today,” Kiran says.
“It was no problem. I kind of enjoyed it in fact,” I reply.
Kiran rubs her hands together. “Shall I put you down for the next one then?”
“Sure. How many fundraisers do you do?”
“Quite a few. It keeps me busy. But in the meantime to say thank you for your help today, you should come over for a sleepover. A few of the other girls are coming too.”
“Great,” I reply. Mr Thomson will be pleased with my progress, but the thought of spying on Kiran or a family suddenly feels repugnant. 
Mia interrupts our conversation. “We need to decide what the best thing is to do with the money we’ve raised. Any suggestions?”
“What about a gym so they can keep fit?” Amal says.
Kiran snorts. “I can’t imagine they need a gym, Amal.”
“Okay, maybe that was a bit stupid,” Amal says. “What about a school?”
“A school’s not a bad idea,” Mia says.
Kiran shakes her head. “If we build a school, we’ll have to maintain it and provide teachers and our budget doesn’t stretch that far.
“They could supply their own teachers,” Amal says.
“Maybe,” Kiran replies but we still have the electricity and water bills to pay on an ongoing basis. We also have to make sure the children are fed, and that’s the biggest issue. Not enough food.”
 “What about running a basic soup kitchen,” I suggest. “We could provide the cost of the food, but local people run it themselves.”
Kiran’s cup clatters against the saucer. “That’s the best idea so far.” 
“Feeding the masses cheaply. I love it,” Mia says.
Mia’s comment reminds me of why I’m here. I’m not part of the elite feeding the masses. I’m a girl from the compound, and I’m here to do a job.
“Can I use your bathroom?” I ask.
“Yes, it’s along the hallway, third on your right,” Mia says.
I make way along the corridor, peering through each door. If only I can find Mia’s father’s office. My heart beats quickly. I know I don’t have much time. I’ve already looked in three rooms before I see an office. There’s no one there, so I run in. I scan the room. As I stick the bug under a cupboard, I hear voices. I berate myself for not placing the bug nearer the door. It’s going to be challenging to explain why I’m in here. The voices pass, and I take a deep breath. Slipping out the door, I make my way back to the parlour, straightening my clothes as I walk.
“Did you find the toilet, okay?” Mia asks.
“Yes, thanks. I just needed to touch up my makeup a bit.” I reply.
When I’m back at Ori and Jamelia’s house, I message my contact in code the details of where I’ve placed the bug. The adrenaline is still coursing through my body, and I can’t help but feel some pride in my success. The first person I want to tell is Raf, but we’re hardly ever alone, and it’s dangerous for us to talk openly. The walls between us seem to be getting bigger even though we’re supposed to be working together.

Chapter 14
The night of Kiran’s sleepover comes quickly, and Raf is amused when he sees me heading out with a packed bag. 
“A girl’s sleepover, I’d love to be a fly on the wall,” Raf says.
“I’m sure you would,” I retort. “But it’s probably not going to be that exciting.”
“Maybe not to you.”
“What do you imagine?” I ask
Raf grins. “Girls in underwear having pillow fights. That sort of thing.”
“I’m sorry to disappoint, but I doubt it’s going to be like that,” I reply.
“Pity,” Raf says wistfully.

Kiran whisks me into the living room when I arrive.
“My parents are out tonight, so we’ve got the place to ourselves,” Kiran announces. “Apart from the servants, of course.”
If I want to plant a bug, I know that will make my life easier but I feel uncomfortable at the thought. “Great,” I say.
Kiran and the other girls are all in the living room. Kiran has snacks and drinks laid out on the table for us to help ourselves. I never really had this at school. Iona was my best friend, but I didn’t have a big group of girlfriends, and we certainly didn’t have sleepovers. 
The talk soon turns to boys. 
“Is Zayd going to be at your party?” Mia asks.
“I hope so,” Amal says. “He broke things off with Tyra, so he’s available now if you’re interested.”
“Of course, I’m interested,” Mia says. “Who wouldn’t be interested in the president’s son.”
I clock this information but feign disinterest.
“Who else is going?” Kiran asks.
“The usual suspects. You know Chakir, Lyron, Matek etcetera and also Layla’s brother, Raf,” Mia says.
“I hear he’s a bit of a looker,” Kiran says.
My stomach twists inside. I don’t want to talk about Raf to these girls. “I wouldn’t know,” I lie.
“That’s what everyone says about their brothers,” Kiran says. “I guess we’ll find out at the party.”
I suddenly feel reluctant to go.
“Do you think Chakir will ask me to dance?” Amal asks. 
“You need to make it obvious you like him,” Mia says. 
“How?” Amal asks.
Kiran shrugs. “Ask him about what he’s been doing all summer. Talk to him about football. That kind of thing.”
“But I don’t know anything about football,” Amal replies.
Kiran sighs. “Talk to him about something you do know then.”
Amal purses her lips. “Okay but it’s hard when you’re in love with someone. I just get so tongue-tied.”
“You’ve got to go for what you want,” Mia says.
“Have you ever been in love?” Kiran asks me.
I redden. “No.”
“I think you have,” Kiran says. “Let me guess. He’s a poor farmer in Kaspa, and that’s why your mother has you sent here, but he’s vowed to you that he’ll wait for your return.”
I laugh. “Sounds very romantic but I’m afraid it’s not true.”
Kiran lifts her hand to her heart. “So, you’re not suffering from a broken heart.”
I shake my head. “Sorry.”
“In that case, we better find someone for you at Amal’s party.” Kiran turns to the other girls. “Now who do you think would suit Layla?”
I shake my head. “Don’t bother about me. I’m fine. Anyway, what about you? Who do you like?”
Kiran wags her finger at me. “Clever, turning the tables back on me. Let’s just say he’s a bit of an older man.”
“Not too old, I hope,” Amal says.
“He’s at university,” Kiran says. “But I’m not telling you anything more.”
Mia folds her arms. “Don’t think you’re getting away with that Kiran. This sounds way too juicy.”
“Okay, I’ll give you a few details. I met him last summer when I went to my aunt’s house. His family live near her, and we went riding a lot.”
Amal snorts. “You did a lot of riding, did you?”
Kiran arches an eyebrow. “Horse-riding, Amal. We’ve been emailing each other all year now, and I’m hoping to see him again this summer.”
“Do you think your parents will approve?” Mia asks.
“He’s probably not quite as rich as they would want,” Kiran replies.
“I don’t think I could be with anyone who wasn’t super-rich,” Mia says. “I’m used to having the good things in life.”
“I didn’t say he was poor Mia,” Kiran says. 
Amal sighs slowly. “I could give up a lot for love. What do you think, Layla?”
I think about Raf. Coming to Hanan means that we can’t have a relationship. Did that mean I’d put duty first? “I think it might be hard for love to flourish if you have to give up everything you know,” I reply.
Mia smiles smugly. “Wise words, Layla.”
I hadn’t placed myself in Mia’s camp, and I want to take the words back. Since when have I become cynical?
Kiran gets out a box set. The front of the box shows a picture of a man with fangs and blood dripping from his mouth. At his feet lies a scantily dressed female. “Have you seen these?”
“Vampire movies?” I ask. We don’t see many films at the compound as we just get the basic TV channels. “I don’t think so.”
“These are not your usual vampires,” she says. “They’re beautiful, romantic ones. Are you up for it girls?”
The others nod their approval, so I do too.
With handfuls of popcorn, I settle down to watch the first episode in which two male vampires vie for the same girl. Kiran is right, the vampires are beautiful. One of the vampires is responsible and kind, and the other is bad but still appealing. The girl is unsure who she loves more, and I can’t help but feel frustrated by her indecisiveness. 
After our film fest, Kiran shows us to our bedrooms. I have my own large bedroom, and I sink into the satin sheets willingly. That night I have a strange dream. I’m in the forest surrounded by vampires.
“Join us,” they whisper.
“How will I join you?” I ask entranced by their beauty.
“You just need to let go,” they say.
“What do you mean?” I ask.
“You can’t be a vampire and be part of the human world.”
“But I can’t let go,” I say. “I have important things to do. People I need to help.”
“That’s a pity,” the most beautiful vampire says. He runs his hand down my cheekbone. “Such a waste.”
Then they run faster than a tiger through the woods, and I’m left alone. 
“Come back,” I call, but nothing happens.
I sit on a rock and cry at what I’ve lost, and then I wake up.
It’s late when I wake up. Everyone is already up when I come downstairs. I realise I’ve lost my opportunity to explore the house undetected, but I can’t help but feel relieved.


Chapter 15

When I get home, I check my app for messages. There are none. I entertain myself for the rest of the day by reading, waiting for Raf to come home. 
“We missed you at dinner last night,” Jamelia says. “It was much quieter.”
“Thanks,” I mumble, mentally noting to myself to talk less.
“How was the sleepover?” Raf asks at dinner.
“Enlightening,” I say. “I now know who’s who on the boy scene.”
“Who’s the leading light?” 
“I think the most eligible bachelor is the president’s son, which is what you’d expect.”
“Did you find out anything else?”
“Not really,” I say. “How’s work?”
“I sat in on a meeting with the president today,” Raf says. 
I feel a pang of guilt. Raf is working so much harder than me trying to help our people and all I’m doing is going on shopping trips and sleepovers. “Did you learn anything interesting?” I ask.
“It was mainly about trade agreements with other countries. Some countries want to increase the tariffs on our goods, and they’re not happy about it.”
“Why do other countries want to increase tariffs?”
Ori gives us a warning look as a maid comes in with a bowl of rice.
Raf covers. “Each country wants the best deal for themselves, that’s all.”
I nod my head. “Sounds complicated.”
“Would you like some aubergines and olives?” Jamelia asks.
“Yes, please,” I reply. It’s one of my favourite dishes, and it reminds me of my mum’s home cooking.
“There’s a polo tournament this weekend,” Ori says, changing the subject. “I think you and Raf will both enjoy it.”
“Will we be watching or participating?” Raf asks. 
“I assume neither of you is good at horse riding,” Ori says.
“Not had many opportunities,” Raf says.
“Then you’ll be watching,” Ori says.
“What happens in Polo?” I ask.
“You have two teams of four players on horseback, and each player has a long mallet. The aim of the game is to use the mallet to drive a ball between two goalposts.”
“Sounds like fun,” Raf says. 
Ori grins. “Yes, it’s quite addictive.”
“Will you be riding?” I ask Ori.
“No, I’m a bit old for that now,” Ori says. “But in my day, I was pretty good at the sport.”
Jamelia raises her eyebrows. “In your day! You make us sound old, Ori!”
“We are getting on a bit, Jamelia.”
Jamelia turns to us. “There’ll be lots of people there. It’s quite the event of the season.”
I nod my head. “I see.”

Raf catches me outside in the garden after dinner. “Things are happening,” he whispers, looking around.
“What?” I ask
“There’s talk about other countries raising embargos against Hanan.”
“Why?”
“It’s a protest against the Hanan regime. Their corruption.”
“That’s good, isn’t it?”
“Yes, I’ll be sending a report tonight to Thomson.”
“You’re making headway.”
“Sort of but I’m a long way from uncovering anything that Thomson doesn’t already know.”
I sigh. “You’re doing more than me.”
“Be patient, Layla. Didn’t Thomson say that we need time before people will trust us?”
“Yes, but what I’m doing seems so frivolous.”
“You mustn't see it that way.”
“It’s hard not to,” I reply.
Raf touches my arm and then quickly removes it. “Don’t be too tough on yourself.”
I watch Raf walk back into the house and then I follow him. 

Chapter 16

There’s a buzz in the house on the day of the polo tournament. Ori is excited, I can tell, and Jamelia is fussing over me like an old aunt. It’s funny how our cover story almost feels real sometimes. 
Ori is at the foot of the stairs, encouraging us to hurry up when we are finally ready to go. Jamelia has lent me a hat for the occasion, and I can’t get used to how it sits on my head.
When we get to the polo tournament, Ori and Jamelia guide us to VIP enclosure. Ori gets us all drinks, and we sit down on chairs near the front. 
The players come out on the field riding horses. They have white trousers, coloured polo shirts and caps. 
The game starts. Ori tells us he is supporting the president’s team.
“Which one is that?” I ask.
“The ones in the blue polo shirts,” Ori replies.
I look closer at the blue team. One of the players looks like the boy I met at the fundraiser. I guess I shouldn’t be surprised he’d be here. 
The umpire starts the proceedings by throwing a ball between the two teams and then they are away.
It’s faster and more furious than I imagined. I wish we weren’t sitting quite so near the front. It feels like the horses are going to run into the enclosure.
“That was a good neck shot,” Ori says as the player swings the ball under the neck of the horse.
I watch the match, amazed at the enormous mallets being swung in the air. It looks like the players have all been hit at least once. I imagine they’ll have huge bruises after the match.
Ori waves his drink around. “Impressive play!” 
“What was so good about it?” Raf asks.
“That was a cut shot. The player must ride forward while hitting the ball to the right. It’s a tricky move.”
“No,” Ori wails. “I swear that was a goal. Bad decision.”
Ori sighs. “That’s the end of the first chukka.”
“That was quick,” I say.
“There are six chukkas in this match and half-time in the middle,” Ori explains. I’ll get us another drink.

At half-time, Jamelia pulls me up by the arm. “It’s time for divot stomping.”
“What’s that?” I ask.
“You’ll see.”
Once we’re out on the field, I see lots of people using their feet to replace the chunks of grass that have been churned up by the horses’ hooves. I follow suit. 
“Having fun,” a voice makes me jump from behind.
I turn around and see the boy from the fundraiser. “That’s the second time you’ve taken me by surprise,” I say.
“You shouldn’t be so jumpy,” he replies.
“I’ll try not to be next time,” I say haughtily.
He strokes his chin. “No, I like you the way you are.”
“I saw you on the field. You were very good. My uncle, Ori thinks you did a great cut shot, whatever that is.”
“Have you been to a polo match before?” 
“No, but it’s fun.”
“I hope you like the rest of the match then. Maybe I’ll see you at the end.”
“Maybe,” I say. “What’s your name?”
“Zayd,” he says.
The name seems familiar, but I can’t quite place it.
“I saw you talking to Zayd,” Jamelia says as we sit down.
“Who is he?”
“He’s the president’s son.”
Now I remember where I heard the name. Mia was talking about him at the sleepover. I feel disappointed. I wanted to hate anything to do with the president, but somehow I can’t hate Zayd.
The next few chukkasNew  whirl by, and the blues win. I wonder if it is a setup. Does the president’s son’s team have to be the champions? 
At the end of the match, there’s a buffet for VIP guests in the marquee. The tables are covered in white cloths, and platters of food are laid out. My mouth waters at the dishes of lamb, chicken, rice and dips. There’s pitta bread, olives, houmous and my favourite food, grilled halloumi and stuffed vine leaves. I help myself to a plate of food and sit down on a table with Ori, Jamelia and Raf.
Kiran sidles over to our table. “Hello Ori, Jamelia and Layla. Is this your brother Raf?”
Raf turns to look at Kiran who’s dressed in a tight pink dress, which shows all her curves and fascinator that matches her outfit. “Yes, I’m Raf, and you are?”
“Kiran.”
“I’ve heard a lot about you,” Raf says. “You’ve been keeping Layla busy.”
“Yes, she was very good at the fundraiser, entertaining the kids,” Kiran says. 
I smile. “It was no problem.”
“But she hasn’t told us much about you,” Kiran simpers sitting down next to Raf in a spare chair. “What do you do?”
“I’m Bakir Abaza’s assistant.”
“You work for the trade minister. That must be deathly dull.”
Raf folds his arms. “I find it quite interesting actually.” 
Kiran pauses and assesses Raf. “Are you coming to Amal’s party?”
“Yes, I expect to be there. Some of the other guys invited me.”
Kiran bats her eyelids. “Good because if you come, we can dance.”
I look at Raf with a clenched jaw.
Raf bows his head. “Of course.”
“See you at the party then,” Kiran says over her shoulder as she grabs my arm and pulls me across the marquee. 
It’s the last thing I want to do, but I have no choice. I plaster my face with a smile. 
“Your brother is so cute,” Kiran says.
“I thought you were in love with that guy who lives near your aunt’s house,” I say.
“I am,” Kiran says. “But maybe it could all change now that I’ve seen your brother.”
I sigh. “Can your heart change that quickly?”
Kiran grins. “Perhaps.”
Kiran manoeuvres us towards the back of the tent where the other girls are gossiping.
“What did he say to you?” Mia is asking another girl.
“That we are more childhood friends than lovers,” the girl says.
Looking at the girl, I’m surprised every boy isn’t falling at her feet. She has thick, wavy, brown hair with copper highlights, her eyes are almond-shaped, and her teeth are flawlessly white.
“That’s Tyra,” Kiran whispers in my ear. “Zayd recently broke off their engagement.”
“Aren’t they a bit young to be engaged?” I ask.
“They’ve been engaged since they were children. It was kind of a parental agreement.”
“I don’t care anyway,” Tyra exclaims. “There’s lots more fish in the sea.”
“Wait to you see Layla’s brother,” Kiran says.
Tyra looks at me for the first time. “Are you Layla?” 
“Yes,” I reply.
Tyra looks me up and down condescendingly. “Ori’s niece. From Kaspa?”
I nod wondering if that’s means I pass the test.
“Show me your brother,” she demands.
I reluctantly point at him, and I feel a lump in my throat.
“Don’t get too excited, I saw him first,” Kiran says.
Tyra throws her head back and laughs. “It’s not finders, keepers.”
“I need to go to the toilet,” I say. I don’t think I can cope with anymore conversation about Raf. I exit the marquee and take a few deep breaths. It doesn’t mean anything I tell myself. 
I see Zayd approaching me and turn away, hoping I can avoid him.
“You look a bit shaken,” Zayd says.
“I just felt a bit faint,” I reply. “It’s quite hot in there.”
“Do you want to take a walk?” he asks.
“Sure,” I reply, remembering I have a job to do.
“Did you enjoy the match?” he asks.
 “I got more into it than I imagined. You must be pleased you won.”
“Yes, but my shoulder is giving me a bit of grief now.” 
I watch Zayd roll his shoulder back, and I can’t help but notice how big his shoulders are.
“It’s a pretty violent game,” I say.
“That’s part of the fun of it. Anyway, enough about the game. Tell me about you.”
“There isn’t much to tell. My brother and I have just moved here from Kaspa. My uncle, Ori, thought it would be good for us.”
“What’s it like living in Kaspa?” Zayd asks.
“We led a much simpler life there,” I reply. “We certainly didn’t attend polo matches.”
“So, what did you do?”
“We went to school, helped at the farm, that kind of thing.”
“Your mum had a farmstead?”
“Yes, a small pistachio farm. It’s quite beautiful in summer when the pistachio hulls are ripening red and yellow.” The lies come quickly as I weave fact with fiction.
“Sounds idyllic,” Zayd says. “Do you miss it?”
“In some ways I do,” I reply, thinking of the compound. “But I also have more freedom here and more luxury.”
Zayd frowns. “Don’t let it spoil you.”
“What do you mean?”
“You’re not a worldly as the other girls that’s all.”
“Not as sophisticated, you mean.”
“Not as jaded.”
“Is that a compliment?”
“Yes, if you’ll take it.”
I nod. “So, are you jaded?”
“You can’t help becoming a bit when everything is given to you on a plate.”
I pause. “I bet you still have dreams.”
“I’d like to travel the world and maybe sail across the ocean in a one-man boat.” 
“Why don’t you do it then?” I ask.
Zayd ruffles his hair. “I can’t sail very well for a start.”
“But you could travel.”
“Unfortunately, my father has other plans for me.”
I bet his father has plans for him. Ambitions of him running a country until its dry. “Maybe you should have some sailing lessons.”
Zayd laughs. “I could.” He looks at me closer. “Are you feeling better?”
I remember that I’m supposed to be feeling faint. “Yes, thanks.”
“We better get back inside the marquee then before we’re missed.”


Chapter 17

Thomson contacts me the next day.
Ori said that you’ve made friends with the president’s son. That’s fast work. The closer you get to him, the better. In the meantime, we’d like you to take a little trip. We have intelligence that the nuclear facility we’ve discussed is in the Western region of Hanan. We’d like you to go on a reconnaissance mission there.
Ori had asked me several questions about my conversation with Zayd, but I hadn’t expected him to report this to Thomson. It makes me feel uncomfortable that my every move is being watched.  I mull over his words, “The closer you get to him, the better”. How far does he expect me to go? Resentment towards Thomson bubbles inside me, but the thought of a reconnaissance mission makes me feel useful for the first time. I just need to find the right cover story.
Kiran calls me to meet for lunch. “There’s a newly opened sushi restaurant, and we just have to go.”
I hesitate. I’m not sure about the idea of sushi, but I want to talk to Kiran about the soup kitchen. “Okay.”
“You don’t have to eat the sushi, you know. You can just have noodles.”
“No, I’ll give it a try,” I reply. One thing about being here in Hanan is that it feels like one new experience after another.
“Great. I’ll come by in the car for you at 12.”

After my conversation with Kiran, I find Jamelia. She’s busy planning the dinner menus when I arrive. 
“Did you want to talk to me?” she asks
I take a deep breath. “Do you think we could look around Hanan together, aunty?”
Jamelia holds a finger to her mouth. “Of course. Where are you thinking?” 
I know the sign. We must never talk openly about anything. “I’ve never seen Hanan’s outer regions, and my mum always talked about how beautiful the country is especially in the West." 
“Give me a few days to arrange things,” Jamelia says. “It’s a lovely idea, and we can spend some quality time together.”
“Thanks, aunty,” I say. “By the way, I’m going to lunch with Kiran.”
“Great. Kiran’s a nice girl.  I’ll see you later.”

Kiran suggests we sit at the large, square bar around the kitchen area at the restaurant.  Chefs dressed in white overalls busily make food in front of us. The place gleams with brushed stainless steel, and rectangular lamps hang low from the ceiling. 
“I know for a fact that Mia and Amal haven’t been here yet,” Kiran says.
“Is that a good thing?” I ask.
“Of course, it’s a good thing. They’re always lording it over me about how they’ve been somewhere first, but now we’ve beaten them to it.”
“Great!” I reply, although sometimes I think Kiran’s priorities are a world away from mine.
Kiran holds up the menu. “What do you fancy eating?”
I scan the menu. I hadn’t realised sushi was raw fish. “I’ll try the prawn sushi and the beef noodles.”
“And I’ll order the large sushi platter,” Kiran says. “Then you can try something more adventurous.”
I purse my lips together. “Have you had any more thoughts on the soup kitchen idea?” 
“Everyone thinks it’s a great idea,” Kiran says. “We just need to work out how to put the plan in action.”
“My aunt Jamelia says she wants to take me on a little road trip around Hanan so that I get to know the country better. Maybe I can find a suitable place for my trip.” 
“Sounds perfect,” Kiran says.
“So, you’re happy for me to find the right place?” I ask.
“Definitely.”
I smile. I have a perfect cover story.
The sushi arrives, and they look small but pretty. 
“What’s on the outside of those?” I ask.
“That’s flying fish roe on the top of sushi rice. They look like gold glitter, don’t they?” Kiran says.
“And what’s inside them?” 
“Soft crab shell. Go on, try one.”
I bring one to my mouth and gingerly take a small bite. I take a few more. “It’s delicious.”
Kiran grins. “When you become a sushi fanatic, remember it was me who introduced you.”

A few days later, Jamelia and I are on the road. Jamelia has booked our accommodation in the Western region for four nights.  She explains that we will be staying in Ayat, a countryside retreat for rich Hanans.
The city seems to go on interminably and the further we get to the outskirts the more run-down it appears to be. Then we get to the shanty-towns. Jamelia explains that hundreds of people have moved from the countryside into the shanty towns to look for work in Sidona. The make-shift houses are made of plywood, corrugated iron, sheets of plastic and cardboard boxes. I realise I don’t need to look any further than here for where we could use the fund-raising money, but Jamelia tells me that the government doesn’t want to encourage the shanty-towns. After two hour’s driving, we escape the city. We’re finally in the country, but it’s not like the green trees and fields of Mayland. Burnt oranges and yellows spread across the land as far as the horizon. Solitary trees and bushes spring up out of the earth.
We pass small villages on our way, and I can see that the wealth of the capital has not reached this far. Thin half-starved people look at our car from their mud huts, and kids scamper around half-naked. The driver double-checks our doors are locked, but they don’t look like they’ve got the energy to cause trouble.
We finally reach Ayat in the later afternoon. It's prettier than I expected and surrounded by hills. Palm trees line the avenue leading up to our small boutique hotel. Jamelia checks us into our rooms, and then we make our way onto the veranda. We sit on cushioned seats under a curtained gazebo to protect us from the hot sun, and I run my hand over the embroidered cushions. The beautiful patterns remind me of the bedspread my mother made me at home. She’d worked on that bedspread all year, and I blink back tears remembering it.  
“Are you okay?” Jamelia asks.
“Yes, just tired,” I reply.
Jamelia looks like she’s going to ask me more, but a waiter interrupts to take our drinks order.
“It’s too late to do anything today,” Jamelia says. “But tomorrow we can have a look around.”
From our spot on the veranda, we can see far into the distance. The countryside is vast, and I have no idea how I’m going to find a nuclear facility. 
I sigh. “We won’t be able to see that much in four days.”
“That depends whether you have a local guide.”
“A local guide?”
Jamelia winks. “My family come from Ayat, so I’ve contacted an old family friend to show us around. We have the same ideas about what are the best things to see.”
I nod in understanding. “Right.”
“Mak is going to pick us up in his 4X4 truck tomorrow, and we’re going to drive out to some of the more remote places. They’re quite beautiful, you know.”
“Sounds perfect.”
The waiter brings our drinks, and I sip my cold lemonade, soothing my parched throat. 
“When did you move to  Sidona?” I ask.
“My family moved to the city when I was twelve for my father’s job.”
“Do you miss Ayat?”
“I was quite young when we moved, but when I come back here, I always feel a sense of peace. It’s much less noisy for a start.”
“And when did you meet Uncle Ori? My mum never told me,” I ask, weaving my cover story into the conversation in case anyone is listening.
“We met at a family gathering. We got talking, and the rest is history.”
“So, you knew you liked him from the first moment you met.”
“My parents were pushing me to meet him, and I wanted to rebel, but when I met him, any rebellion went out of the window.”
“That’s a nice story,” I say.
Jamelia laughs. “We better go and get changed for dinner; otherwise, we’ll miss the performers.”
“Performers?” 
“Yes, they always have a performance after dinner. I’ve heard it can’t be missed.”

Mak meets us outside the hotel the next day in his truck. He’s older than Jamelia, with almost white hair but he looks strong as if he’s been working on the land all his life.
Jamelia shakes Mak’s hand. “It’s so good to see you.”
“It’s good to see you too, Jamelia.”
Jamelia smiles and puts her arm around my shoulder. “This is Layla. Ori’s sister’s niece.”
“Nice to meet you, Layla,” Mak says, shaking my hand firmly.
I look at Mak’s lined, honest face, and I know I can trust him. “Hi.”
“I thought we would head towards Syrus beyond those hills first,” Mak says.
“Whatever you think is best,” Jamelia replies.
Once we’re out on the road, Mak turns to both of us. “Don’t worry, we’re all clear. I checked the truck this morning, nobody can track us.”
Jamelia talks openly for the first time since I’ve met her. “Mak has heard reports that there’s lots of unusual activity in Syrus.”
Mak grips the steering wheels tighter. “Trucks and soldiers are constantly moving in and out of the area.”
“Do you think they could have a nuclear facility near here?” I ask.
“It’s possible,” Mak says.
We drive past the town of Syrus until we’re a few miles away then Mak parks his truck at the base of a hill. “I’m going to leave the truck here. We’re going to trek the rest of the way on foot.”
I get out of the truck, but Jamelia doesn’t move. “I would come, but I can’t because of my bad hip. Mak will look after you.”
“Okay,” I reply hesitantly.
“You’ll be fine,” Jamelia says.
“What if we’re there a long time.”
“Don’t worry about me. Take as long as you need. I’ll read a book.”

After a ten-minute trek up the hill, we have a view of the valley below. It looks like there’s a large building in the middle of some wire-fencing, but I can’t see much else.
Mak peers through his binoculars. “There’s a lot of soldiers.”
With my camera, I zoom in. At every corner of the fencing, are watchtowers. It reminds me of the compound. A truck is unloading parts and people in white coats, gloves and masks are carrying large metal containers into the building. I swallow hard and use my camera to take as many snaps as I can. This is a nuclear facility, but I have no idea how far advanced their work is. What I do know is that it’s dangerous for Hanan’s president to have that kind of power.
“Who works there?” I ask. “Some of the people must be local.”
“I could ask some questions.”
“Let’s see who comes in and out. Are you okay, waiting?”
“It’s no problem for me,” Mak says.
We sit on a rock, taking it into turns to watch. The hot sun beats down on my neck, and I wish I’d worn a hat. Mak doesn’t talk much, and boredom creeps in. I  peel an orange and eat a segment at a time, sharing some with Mak. After a couple of hours of waiting, we finally see people coming out who look like ordinary workers. They’re not soldiers, and they’re not scientists. I snap some more pictures of people lining up to get into a mini-bus.
“Do you think they’re from Syrus?” I ask.
Mak looks at them through his binoculars. “Maybe. Let’s head back to the truck. If we’re quick, we may be able to pick them up on the road out of here.”
We scramble down the hill as quickly as we can. I misplace my foot and fall on my back, grazing my elbow. 
Mak looks concerned. “Are you okay?” 
“Yes, keep going,” I say, feeling thankful that McCabe put me through my paces back in Mayland. 
At the bottom of the hill, we jump into the truck.
“What’s the matter?” Jamelia asks as Mak starts the engine and reverses.
“I’m pretty sure there’s a nuclear facility there,” I reply. “We’ve seen some people leave and we want to catch up with them.”
Jamelia’s voice shakes. “Okay.”
Mak drives the truck quickly along the road until we reach the main road into the facility. It’s not long before we see the minibus come past us.
I take a deep breath. “We didn’t miss it.”
“No,” Mak replies.
We leave it a few minutes, and then we start driving behind the minibus.
“Do you think they’ll see us?” I ask.
“No, trust me.” 
I sit back in the truck, knowing that Mak has things under control.
“They’re heading for Syrus,” Mak says as we see the minibus turn at a crossroads in the distance. “We’ll wait here a bit longer. Once we get to town, we’ll recognise it.”
I’m worried that we’ll miss the people getting off, but then I remember my photos. We know they live in Syrus and we know what they look like. I’ll be able to track them down. 
After another five minutes, Mak starts driving again. When we get to Syrus, we see the empty minibus parked on the main high street outside a shop. Mak parks the truck in a spot nearby, and I show Mak and Jamelia the photos. 
Jamelia points at a café with outside tables. “Mak, Layla and I will have a coffee there. If we spot anyone, I’ll stand up, and that will be your signal to follow them. Of course, if you see anyone, you know what to do.”

Jamelia and I walk to the café. A waiter comes and takes our order. Jamelia orders an expresso, and I order a lemonade. 
“Don’t you like coffee?” Jamelia asks.
“Not really,” I reply, scanning the crowd surreptitiously. “Besides, I’m thirsty.”
Jamelia smiles and looks around too. “Before you leave us, I’m going to make you a coffee convert.”
“Good luck with that, aunty,” I say.
Jamelia’s eyes flit across the people passing by. “How does Syrus compare to Sidona?” 
“Quiet,” I reply, taking in the few shops and cafes along the high street. It’s run-down but not as impoverished as some of the villages we passed on the way here.
Jamelia points across the street. “Do you recognise that man?”
I look in the direction she’s pointing and see one of the men from the photos. “Yes, I think I do.”
Jamelia stands up. “I’m just going to go to the toilet. See you in a minute.”
Once I’ve seen that Mak’s following the man, I avert my gaze. 
The waiter arrives with our drinks and Jamelia returns from the toilet with reapplied lipstick. I wonder if I’ll ever be that poised.
“When we’ve finished our drinks, we could go to that clothes shop over the road until our driver returns,” I suggest.
Jamelia smiles, understanding my meaning. “Yes, that’s a good idea. Our driver might be a while.”

The clothes shop has some beautiful scarves that are a fraction of the price of things in Sidona. 
I’m about to buy a white one with a beautiful design woven into the cloth when Jamelia steps in. “No, let me get this.”
“Are you sure?” I ask.
“Why wouldn’t I want to get one for my lovely niece?” Jamelia asks, and I’m stumped for a reply because I’m not really her niece.
I watch Jamelia pay for a white one and a red one. 
“The red one is for me,” she says. “They’re such a bargain.”
I squeeze her hand. “Thanks, aunty.”
When we come out of the clothes shop, Mak has returned. Jamelia and I climb into the truck, and we head back to our hotel. 
“What did you find out?” I ask.
Mak grins. “His name is Issam, and he’s a maintenance engineer at the plant. I’ve arranged for us to meet tomorrow around the same time, but he wants one thousand dollars in cash to cover his debts. The question is whether he knows enough to make it worth it.”
“But can we trust him?” I ask.
Mak raises his hands. “All I know is that he seemed to need the cash.”
“So, where’s the nearest bank?”
 “It’s an hour’s drive away,” Mak says.
“Then tomorrow morning, I’ll get the money out,” I reply.
Jamelia frowns. “What if he gives us away?”
“There’ll be no money unless he keeps quiet,” I reply.
“But what if it’s a setup?” Jamelia asks.
“We have to take the risk. I’ll go in disguise, and if things don’t seem right, I’ll turn back.”
“Do you think that’s safe?” Jamelia asks.
“It’s what I’m in Hanan for,” I say.
Jamelia sighs. “I know, but sometimes I think there are other ways.”
Jamelia’s words surprise me. They reveal she’s not happy about my involvement. It doesn’t change anything, but it’s nice to know.
That evening, I send a coded message to Thomson with my findings and ask for the money to be transferred. He messages me back within minutes. It takes me a while to decode the message, but it translates as:
Money will be transferred within the hour to your Dione Hasnawi account. No need to negotiate. Keep your informant on side. Offer to double the money if he can get plans of the plant to you.
I can feel bile in my throat. Thomson must trust me to be sending this much money with so few questions. If it was me, I wouldn’t put this much responsibility in my hands. Then it dawns on me how desperate Mayland must be.
Chapter 18

Early the next morning, we head into the nearest major town, Ianthe, with our regular driver. We pass several villages along the way, and I bite my lip at what I see. The houses look like they’re falling down, sewage runs down the street and children with enlarged bellies from malnutrition play in it. One of the larger villages we pass has a hall. It's ramshackle with broken windows, rubbish and a dirt path around it but it might do for a soup kitchen. 
Jamelia heads to the coffee shop, and I go to the bank. I take out my Dione Hasnawi identity card and head to the counter.
“Layla?” an imperious voice asks from behind me.
I quickly shove the identity card in my pocket and turn round. It’s Tyra, Zayd’s ex-girlfriend. “Hi, Tyra. What are you doing here?”
“I’m visiting my grandmother in Ianthe, but what are you doing here?” she asks.
“Jamelia is showing me around the countryside.”
“Is your brother with you?”
“No, I’m afraid he’s not.” 
“Pity,” she says. “Well, when we’re back in Sidona, we must meet. With your brother, of course.”
“Of course,” I reply through gritted teeth. I back out of the line of people and head for the door. “I’ve just realised I’ve forgotten my bank card. “See you later.”

My heart races as I walk around the block, but I eventually calm myself down. Surely Tyra wouldn’t know why I was here. I find Jamelia at the coffee shop she told me she was going to.
“I haven’t got the money yet,” I say. “I realised I forgot my card when I started talking to Tyra.”
“Tyra, that we know?” Jamelia asks.
“Yes,” I reply.
“What’s she doing in Ianthe?”
“She told me she’s visiting her grandmother,” I reply.
“Did she ask you any questions?”
“Not really. She seemed more interested in whether Raf was with me. When I told her he wasn’t, she lost interest.”
Jamelia rests her coffee cup neatly on her saucer. “Good. I don’t think we have anything to worry about then. Have a drink and then go back to the bank later.” 
I nod. “Okay.”	

I adjust my wig as Mak drives me into Syrus. The wig itches and the padding under my over-sized top is making me hot. A small gun is hidden in my waistband, and this digs into me. I rehearse what I’m going to say.
Mak drops me off a road away from the meeting point on an industrial estate. The area is probably busy during the working day, but at this time it’s deserted. Mak wants to come with me, but I insist that I can hide more easily on my own.
I find a spot near the warehouse where I can watch and wait. Time passes, and I hope our informant hasn’t changed his mind. I’m about to give up when I see him. Fortunately, he’s alone. I leave it a few minutes before coming out of my hiding place. My instincts tell me it’s safe.
“Issam?” I ask.
Issam jumps. “I didn’t see you.”
“Sorry, I took you by surprise. I needed to make sure you were alone.”
“You brought the money?” he asks.
“Yes,” I reply, lowering my voice. “Do you have information for me?”
“I do, but how do I know I can trust you?”
“If we were the secret police, you’d already be arrested.”
“True,” he replies. “How did you find me?” 
“We followed you, it wasn’t hard.”
“Why me?”
“Mak, the man you spoke to before, followed you and he seemed to think you’d like the money.”
“I do need the money, and what’s more I don’t agree with what they’re doing.”

He’s told me more than I expected, and it makes him a perfect informant. “We want to stop them, and the more you tell us, the easier it will be.”
He massages his temples. “What do you want to know?”
“How long has the plant been running?” I ask.
“A few months,” he replies.
“How far advanced are they?”
“We’re not told much. My job is to make sure the equipment works.”
“But you must have observed things?”
“I have, but that doesn’t mean I’m any wiser.”
“We saw samples of a radioactive substance being transported two days ago. How much uranium do they have?”
“I don’t know.”
“What can you tell me?
“I’ve seen devices in the assembly area, and then they suddenly disappear. There is a system of tunnels beneath the site, and I think they’re doing some tests down there. One of the tunnels collapsed, and we could feel the tremors afterwards.”
“Anything else you can think of?”
“There was some equipment that arrived a few days ago. A foreign shipment with stickers on the containers.” 
“What did the equipment look like?”
“They were metal cylinders several metres longs with spiral reinforcements.”
Centrifuges, I think, for enriching uranium. 
I take out an envelope of cash from my bag and hand it to him. “You’ve been useful.”
I watch him flick through the money greedily. “Thanks.”
“There’s more where that came from if you can do something for me.”
“What?”
“Do you have access to plans of the plant?”
“I know someone who does, but you’ll have to wait two weeks because he’s visiting his parents.”
“If you can get the plans, I’ll double your money.” 
“I’ll try my best,” he says. “How will I know when you’re coming?”
I turn to go. “Mak will find you.”
Mak shakes his head when I get back to the truck. “You shouldn’t have gone alone. Anything could have happened.”
 “He gave me what I want, and he’s going to find out more,” I reply.
Mak grunts. “Just as well, but next time I’m coming with you.



Chapter 19

Thomson is pleased with what I’ve found so far so the following morning, I finally have time to find the right place for the soup kitchen. It’s an essential part of my cover, but it also feels like I’m doing something worthy. On the map, the village hall I saw on the way to Ianthe is situated in a place called Goli, near several other villages and along the main route. If I base the soup kitchen there, it could help far more people than just those in that village.
When we get to Goli, the hall is locked, and we’re guided towards a small house, where the caretaker lives. An old man with a limp comes to the door.
“Can we have a look around the hall?” I ask.
He scans Jamelia and me with his eyes, assessing whether to trust us. “What do you want it for?” 
“We looking to make it into a soup kitchen,” I reply.
“What’s that?”
“A place where people can come and get food for free.”
He raises an eyebrow. “And are you planning on giving away food?”
“In short, yes but I’m acting on behalf of a fundraising committee. We’ve raised some money, and we’d like to spend it here.”
“And who’s going to run this soup kitchen?”
I clasp my hands together. “I was hoping we could recruit some local volunteers from the community.”
“Good luck with that,” he says. “Most people around here have got enough to do without volunteering.”
I look at Jamelia for guidance. The cost of the soup kitchen would skyrocket if we had to employ people. It would be much better if the centre could be staffed by volunteers.
“Perhaps we can meet with some of the other village elders this afternoon,” Jamelia says.
“I’ll show you the hall first and see whether you even like it,” the old man says.
We follow him back to the hall, stepping over the rubbish to get inside. The building is dirty inside and deserted apart from a few upturned tables and broken chairs, but it’s large, and there’s a small kitchen in the back with a sink and space for an oven.
“Does the hall get used much?” Jamelia asks.
“Not much nowadays.”
“What do you think?” Jamelia asks me.
“I think it could work,” I reply. “With some cleaning and repairing. We could buy a stove.”
Jamelia pulls out a notepad and jots down a few notes. “Yes, a bit of makeover is what it needs.”
“Do you want it?” the caretaker asks.
“We need to speak to the village elders first,” Jamelia says.
“I’ll take you to them.”
The caretaker leads us through the village. Crowds of people stare at us, and a gaggle of children follow us asking what we’re doing here. We are taken into one of the only houses with a proper roof. Inside is a group of older people sitting in a circle.
“Hello Babir, there are two women from the city here. They want to give us free food.”
Babir gestures to us to come in and sit down. “You’ve come here to give us food. Why?”
“There’s been some fundraising in Sidona, and we were deciding how best to use the money. We thought maybe a soup kitchen, a place offering free meals, staffed by volunteers in the community might be a good idea.”
Babir narrows his eyes. “You think free handouts is enough.”
Heat spreads up my neck and face. These people need more than a soup kitchen, they need proper sanitation and housing. “I know it’s not enough. But I thought we could start there and with time offer more things.”
Babir whispers with the group of other elders. “You have our permission, but volunteers are not so easy.”
“Could you help?” Jamelia asks.
Babir frowns. “We are old to be standing on our feet serving food, and many of the younger people are busy working, finding food, looking after their children.”
“There could be some division of labour. If some people are helping with the cooking and serving food, then others could look after their children,” Jamelia suggests.
“We will ask, but I cannot promise anything.”
Jamelia pulls out a purse from her bag. “Excellent. We will return tomorrow with your answer. In the meantime, here is some money for your caretaker’s time. Please ask him to clean the hall.”
Babir takes the money and places it on the mat in front of the elders. “We will see you tomorrow then.”

When we’re back in the car, Jamelia says. “A little sweetener.”
“Do you think they’ll find volunteers?” I ask.
“Yes, the money I gave them will incentivise them. They’ll be wondering if there’s more for them.”
“I thought the money was for the caretaker to clean the hall.”
Jamelia pats me on the shoulder. “You have a lot to learn, Layla. They will only give a small amount of that money to the caretaker, but he will still clean the hall.”
“I see.”

When we return to Goli the next day, we head straight for the elder’s house.
Babir greets us with a smile. “We have good news for you. We have found some volunteers to run your soup kitchen. Women with the best cooking skills.”
“That’s great,” I say. “I need to confirm everything with the fundraising committee, and then I’ll be back in two weeks to get it going. I know the windows need repairs and the kitchen needs an oven.”
Babir rubs his hands together. “If you can find us some funds before two weeks we can get the hall ready. Ali, the caretaker, has cleaned it already.”
“We don’t have access to the fundraising money yet,” I say.
“One hundred dollars is what we need,” Babir says.
Jamelia smiles at me and then hands the money over to Babir. “We want this to work.”
This is Jamelia’s generosity, and I feel humbled. I should have offered money. 
Babir gets up and shouts out the door. “Ali.”
Ali limps towards the opening and bows his head in acknowledgement.
“Please take our benefactors to the hall.”
We follow Ali to the hall, and when he leads us in, we are pleasantly surprised; it’s a lot cleaner, and all the rubbish has been removed. The few chairs and tables have been repaired. I’m amazed that Ali could work so fast. 
“You did this all since yesterday?” I ask, looking at Ali’s limp.
Ali grunts. “My family and me.”
“Thank you.”
Ali nods his head. “If you can make this work, it will be good for the village.”

Chapter 20

Jamelia and I head back to Sidona that afternoon. Our four-day trip had turned out to be five, and Jamelia is anxious to get back. 
“I couldn’t have done it without you,” I say in the car.
Jamelia’s eyes flit towards the driver and back at me warningly. “It’s a very worthy cause, and I’m pleased I could help. However, I’m afraid when you come back here, I won’t be able to come with you. I’ve neglected the household coming here, and I can’t do it again so soon.”
I bite my cheek. “Of course. I’m sure I can do it on my own.”
“I don’t think it will be wise to travel on your own,” Jamelia says. “But we’ll work something out. It would be okay for you to travel with a friend.”
“Maybe Kiran,” I suggest.
“Yes, that might work,” Jamelia replies. “Mak could always do a bit of driving for you when you get there.”
“That might be helpful,” I reply.

As we approach the house in the dark and I see the lights glowing inside, I realise that it almost feels like home. The hotel was luxurious, but Ori and Jamelia’s house is comforting. 
We arrive in time for dinner, and you can tell Ori has missed Jamelia because he hurries to the door to hug her and take her bags. One day, I hope to have what they do.
“I hear you managed to find a suitable village for your soup kitchen,” Ori says at dinner to me.
“Yes, with Jamelia’s help,” I reply. “She negotiated with the village elders.”
Jamelia smiles. “It was nothing.”
I shake my head. “I don’t think they would have gone for it without you.”
“Jamelia says you will have to return in two weeks to help set things up,” Ori says.
“Yes, there’s a lot to do. I might ask Kiran to come with me,” I reply.
Raf looks up from his dinner. “You’re going back so soon.”
“Yes, I kind of need to.”
“Right,” Raf says, stirring his soup. “You’re lucky you can see so much of Hanan.”
I bite my lip. “Yes, it’s not all like Sidona.”
“I’d like to see more of Hanan,” Raf says.
“Maybe we can visit in the summer,” Ori suggests.
Raf sighs. “If I’m not caught up at work.”
Ori senses Raf’s mood. “I thought you were enjoying your role as personal assistant.”
“Mostly but at other times it can be frustrating,” Raf says.
“Be patient. They’ll give you more responsibility with time,” Ori says.
“I hope so because sometimes I feel like a general dogsbody.”
Ori pats Raf on the shoulder. “It will get better.”

I wait for Raf in the garden after dinner. It’s the only place we can talk and be sure we aren’t heard. I don’t have to wait long. 
“What did you find out?” he asks.
“There’s a nuclear facility,” I whisper. “It’s in Syrus. I don’t think they’re that advanced, but they’ve recently had a delivery of centrifuges from another country. Maybe you could find out more at work.”
Raf folds his arms. “If they let me near anything.” 
“You told me to be patient last time, remember.”
Raf gives me a lopsided grin. “Yes, I do remember that now, but it’s not so easy when you’re receiving the advice.”
“No.” 
“What are you going back there for?”
“I’m hoping to get plans,” I reply.
“Be careful.”
“I will.”
“In the meantime, we’ve got to deal with Amal’s party on Saturday.”
“Aren’t you looking forward to it?”
Raf raises an eyebrow. “I’ve had instructions to charm the ladies.”
I plaster a smile on my face. “I see.”
“Has Thomson said anything to you like that?” Raf asks.
I hesitate. Raf is not in the best mood, but I want to prepare him. “He wants me to get closer to Zayd, the president’s son.”
Raf clenches his fist. “We’re Thomson’s puppets, aren’t we?”
I nod my head slowly. “Yes.”
“We have a choice,” Raf says. “We don’t have to do everything he says.”
“I know Raf, but you should have seen some of the villages. The people are living in such poverty, and they’re building this nuclear facility.”
“So, you’re saying you want to continue,” Raf says between gritted teeth.
I touch Raf’s arm, but he shrugs it off. “I want to change things.” 
Raf turns to go back into the house. “Let’s hope it’s worth it.”
I watch Raf walk inside, and I want to stop him, but I know that nothing I say will alter his mood. There’s a rocking chair on the veranda, and I sit in it, looking up at the sky. The stars have a different layout than at the compound but gazing at them always makes my concerns feel a little smaller.


Chapter 21

It’s Amal’s party, and I want to look right. Finally, I choose the dress that Kiran persuaded me to buy. The low back makes me feel self-conscious, but Jamelia says it’s appropriate for a party. The housemaid helps me put my hair up with a million pins, and Jamelia lends me some diamond earrings and necklace. When I look in the mirror, I don’t recognise myself. I feel like a princess in a fairytale.
Raf’s eyes widen when he sees me coming down the stairs, and he holds out his arm to lead me to the car. “Let’s find out how the other half lives,” he whispers in my ear. 
Raf looks striking in his tuxedo, but I don’t comment. Sisters aren’t supposed to notice these things.

Amal’s house is decked with thousands of lights. I’ve never seen anything so pretty. When Raf and I enter the house, we’re immediately greeted with a fruit cocktail flute. We’re a bit late, so the party is already in full swing. 
Amal totters over in her stiletto heels. “I’m so glad you’re here Layla, and I don’t think I’ve been properly introduced to your brother.”
“This is Raf,” I say.
Raf kisses her hand. “Nice to meet you, Amal and Happy Birthday!”
Amal’s eyes shine. “We’re having some dancing later you know.”
“Then we must have a dance,” Raf says.
“Definitely,” Amal replies.
“I’ll find you later,” Raf says. “I’ve just seen someone I know from work.”
Amal grins. “I understand what Kiran means now.”
“What?” I ask.
“Your brother is a complete dish.”
I inhale deeply. “Yes, people keep telling me that.”
Amal touches my shoulder. “You’re attractive but in a different way.”
“I’d hope so. I am a girl, after all,” I reply.
Amal pulls a face. “Yes, I know that, but he’s kind of dark and suave and you’re more of a pale beauty.”
I knew this was a flaw in Thomson’s plan when he decided that Raf and I would be brother and sister. Amal is the first to point out the difference, but there might be others who are a little more perceptive. “Raf takes after my mother, and I take after my father.”
Kiran joins us and kisses my cheek. “You’re here finally. How was your trip?”
“It was great. We saw some lovely countryside, and I also found a place for the soup kitchen,” I reply.
“Really, where is it?” Kiran asks.
“It’s a small village in the West of Hanan. I was wondering whether we could go there together. You know to get it set up.”
“Kiran getting her hands dirty. You must be joking,” Amal says.
“Kiran wouldn’t exactly have to slum it. I stayed in a really nice hotel nearby.”
“What’s Ianthe like?” Kiran asks.
“It’s a small town, but it’s got a few little shops and cafes. In fact, I bumped into Tyra there.”
“What was Tyra doing there?” Kiran asks.
“Visiting her grandmother.”
Kiran purses her lips. “That’s doesn’t sound like Tyra. She must be after her inheritance or something.”
Amal laughs. “The cat’s got her claws out.”
Kiran grins. “Just telling it how it is.”
“Talking of Tyra, she’s just over there with Zayd,” Amal says.
I can’t hear what they’re saying over the crowded room, but Zayd looks annoyed.
“And she said she didn’t care,” Kiran says.
Amal tilts her head. “What people say and what they do is two different things.” 
“Talking of which, you said you were going to let Dekel know you liked him tonight.”
“Did I say that?” Amal asks.
“Definitely,” Kiran replies.
Amal bites her lip. “Will you help me?”
“That would be cheating,” Kiran says.
Amal puts her hands together. “Please,” she pleads.
I laugh. “I’ll come with you even if Kiran doesn’t.”
“Okay, we’re all coming,” Kiran says.
Chakir and two other boys I don’t know are on the other side of the room. We make our way towards them. They’re dressed in tuxedos, but they look uncomfortable. They don’t pull it off in the way Raf does, but I shouldn’t compare. I shouldn’t even be thinking about Raf.
“Happy Birthday, Amal!” Chakir says.
Amal eyes flicker over Chakir’s face. “Thanks, Chakir.”
“You look nice,” Chakir says.
Amal reddens. “I bought it for the party. I like your tux too.”
I don’t think Amal needs our help, so Kiran and I signal to each other to move away. 
“Let me introduce you to Lyron and Matek,” Kiran says. “This is Layla.”
“Hi,” they say in unison. 
“Lyron and Matek are the kings of practical jokes,” Kiran says. “So, watch out.”
“Nothing wrong with a joke,” Lyron says. “But I take offence Kiran that you are labelling us before Layla’s got a chance to know us.”
I smile. “Don’t worry, I haven’t labelled you yet.”
“Just don’t do what you did at my party,” Kiran says, wagging her finger.
Lyron and Matek grin.
“What did they do?” I ask.
“They laced the cocktails with so much vodka, everyone started throwing up.”
“We just wanted people to have fun,” Matek says.
I twist my half-finished drink in my fingers. 
“Don’t worry, we haven’t done that tonight,” Lyron winks. “But that’s not to say we’ve done nothing.”
Kiran puts her hands on her hips. “You two are a nightmare.”
The lights dim in the background, and I watch Chakir ask Amal to dance. Amal gives us the thumbs up behind her back.
“I think our work here is done, see you later boys,” Kiran says, pushing me towards the drinks table.
We help ourselves to another cocktail and Mia and Tyra join us.
Kiran points at the dance floor. “Have you seen that Amal dancing with Chakir?” 
“Cute,” Mia says. “I told her she needed to just go for it.”
“Chakir was the one to ask her,” I say.
Mia’s mouth opens. “No way. I didn’t know the boy had it in him.”
Raf sidles over. “Can you introduce me to everyone,” Raf asks.
“Sure,” I say. “This is Raf.”
Tyra moves in swiftly, angling her body to block the other girls. “Hi, I’m Tyra. I met your sister, Layla, at the polo tournament but I don’t think I’ve had the pleasure of meeting you.”
Raf runs his hands through his hair. “It’s always nice to meet Layla’s friends.”
I cut in. “And these are my other friends. Kiran and Mia.” 
Raf bows his head slightly at Mia and Kiran in acknowledgement.
“I think you met Kiran before,” I add.
Kiran licks her lips. “Yes, we did, and Raf promised me a dance.”
Raf holds out his hand to Kiran. “I’d be delighted.”
Tyra’s eyes narrow as Raf and Kiran move to the dance floor, and she stomps off. I force myself to smile. 
“Don’t mind Tyra. She’s going through a bit of a rough patch at the moment,” Mia says. “I probably ought to go after her.”
I nod. “No problem.”
I stare at my drink, avoiding looking at the dance floor when a familiar voice interrupts my thoughts.
“You’re finally on your own,” Zayd says. “I’ve been waiting for the opportunity to talk to you.”
“Really?” I ask.
His mouth twitches. “Yes, really. You’ve been busy talking to people all evening.”
“One of the people being your ex-girlfriend.”
“Yes, I noticed you were speaking to her.”
“Were you arguing with her earlier?”
“Tyra isn’t particularly happy with me at the moment, but enough about her. What have you been doing with yourself?”
“I’ve been on a trip with my aunt to the countryside.”
“Did you enjoy it?” Zayd asks.
“It was eye-opening,” I reply truthfully.
“What does that mean?” Zayd asks.
“The countryside was beautiful, but there’s also a lot of poverty.”
Zayd’s smile wavers. “Unfortunately, there is a lot of poverty if you care to look for it, but that can’t be new to you. I don’t suppose Kaspa is very wealthy.”
I touch the necklace that Jamelia gave me and remember everything I learnt about Kaspa before I came. “It’s not a rich country, but there isn’t such a big difference between rich and poor.” 
“I get the feeling that you don’t approve of such divisions,” Zayd says.
Thomson would not approve of where this conversation is going. I know I need to backtrack, but I also want to challenge everything that Zayd’s father stands for. “Do you?” I ask.
“I know I don’t believe in communism. If everyone’s equal, people have no motivation to improve themselves.”
“But there is a middle ground,” I reply.
“Perhaps.” Zayd moves closer. “But enough serious talk, let’s dance.”
Zayd’s musky aftershave invades my senses as he takes my hand and leads me to the dance floor. It’s a slow dance, and Zayd pulls me close. I can feel his hand through the thin material of my dress, and my breath quickens. 
Zayd expertly twirls me around. “You’re a good dancer.”
“It was one of the only PE lessons I liked at school. I wasn’t keen on team sports.” I reply without thinking then I bite my lip. Kaspa’s schools may not have been like mine. I assume the girls took part in team sports, but I’m not sure. 
“Team sports were my favourite thing at school,” Zayd says.
“That doesn’t surprise me.”
“Why’s that?”
“I just imagine you’re pretty competitive. I saw you at the polo tournament if you remember.”
Zayd laughs. “Yes, I have to admit I like to win. Although my favourite sport is probably football.”
“Do you watch much football?” I ask.
“Yes, I like to go to a match when I can. I’ve got tickets next week for an international game. You should come with me.” 
I raise my eyebrows, and I can’t keep the sarcasm out of my voice. “It’s every girl’s dream to go to a football match.”
Zayd grins. “You never know you might enjoy it. What do you say?”
Thomson would want me to go but do I want to? I hesitate.
“I’ll take you for dinner after if that makes it more appealing,” Zayd offers.
“Okay,” I reply, not sure whether this is what would be considered a date.
The music is suddenly drowned out by the sound of sirens outside the windows and flashing lights shine through the windows.
“Crap, it’s the police. I didn’t think the music was that loud,” Amal wails. “I’m going to be in so much trouble.”
“We better go outside and speak to them,” Kiran says.
Chakir takes her hand. “Don’t worry, I’ll go with you.”
Amal signals to the band to stop. 
“Is it the police?” I ask Zayd as we cram towards the window.
Zayd grins. “Not quite.”
Outside, Lyron and Matek are speaking through two giant megaphones. “Come on out with your hands on your heads.”
“It’s Lyron and Matek.” I laugh.
We all head outside and the dark sky explodes with ‘Happy Birthday, Amal!’ emblazoned in lights. Zayd has disappeared, and when I look around, I see Amal giving Lyron and Matek a playful swipe.
Raf comes up to me. “Are you enjoying the fireworks?”
“Yes,” I say. “It’s much louder in real life than on a screen.”
“And more atmospheric,” Raf adds.
We stand in silence for a while, looking up at the sky. 
Raf shoves his hands in his pockets. “I saw you dancing with Zayd.”
I draw in a breath. “And you danced with Kiran. It’s all going to plan.”
Raf raises an eyebrow. “Right, the plan.” 
 Tyra slips herself between us. “Are the twins having fun?”
“Yes, thanks,” Raf and I say in unison.
“I think the music is about to start again,” Tyra says pointedly.
Raf holds out his hand. “Would you like to dance?” 
“I thought you’d never ask,” Tyra replies.
I watch them head inside and a lump forms in my throat. Linking my fingers behind my neck, I arch my back and take a deep breath, then I head inside. 
The rest of the evening, Mia and Kiran interrogate me on my dance with Zayd, but he doesn’t approach me again. At one point I see him talking to Raf. The comparison between them seems more evident. Raf is disarming whereas Zayd is self-assured. 


Chapter 22

The day of the football match with Zayd arrives, and I’m a mess. I tell myself that he’s just a useful contact that I need to develop, but I know that’s a lie. I’m glad Raf’s at work because I couldn’t have dealt with him as well. Jamelia suggests I wear something smart but casual as we’re likely to be in the VIP area. I decide on some white trousers, heels and a blue silk top.
Zayd picks me up in a limousine at two in the afternoon, and we head to the stadium. 
“You look beautiful,” Zayd says.
I take in Zayd’s crisp white shirt that shows off his broad shoulders and his designer jeans. “You’re looking pretty good, yourself,” I reply and then curse myself inwardly because this is now officially date territory. 
There are crowds of people when we get to the stadium, but we are guided towards a different entrance, which leads up to the VIP area with a bar, a lounge area and rows of seats looking out on the pitch. 
Zayd shows me the programme for the match as we sit down in front row seats and the Hanan flag. “The Hanan team are playing in red. We need to win this match to qualify for the next round.”
“Are we likely to win?” I ask.
“We’re probably the underdogs,” Zayd replies. “But that doesn’t mean we won’t win.”
I peruse the programme, taking in all the names of the players. I’m surprised that some of the names belong to my tribe. Maybe if you’re a talented football player, the Hanan government doesn’t kill you. 
The whistle blows, and the game starts. As we watch the game, I’m surprised that I want Hanan to win. 
“Get back,” Zayd shouts at our team as the other team’s attackers head towards our goal.
The ball goes in, and I find myself shouting, “No.”
Zayd shakes his head. “They need to defend better.”
The first half of the match continues with no goals on either side and then it’s half-time. 
“Shall we have a stretch and get a drink?” Zayd asks.
“Yes, sure.”
We walk around the lounge area, and a waiter offers us a drink. 
I swirl my drink. “I’m enjoying the match more than I thought I would.”
“I thought you were,” Zayd said. 
I flush red. “I hope I wasn’t too loud.”
“No, it’s great you’re into it.”
An older man in a dark grey suit comes over to us. “Zayd good to see you here.”
“Hi, Mori. I know I haven’t made it in a while, but I couldn’t miss this one.”
“Your dad’s working you too hard,” Mori says.
“True,” Zayd replies.
“And who’s your friend?” Mori asks.
“This is Layla.”
Mori bows his head. “Good to meet you. How are you finding the match?”
“It’s been exciting,” I reply.
Mori raises his hands in the air. “It’d be even better if we scored a goal. Anyway, I better do my rounds.”
“Who was that?” I ask as Mori walks away.
“That is the Hanan’s team’s ex-manager. The team had a long spell of wins under him.”
“Is the new manager not as good?” I ask.
“People don’t think so,” Zayd replies.
A tannoy tells us that the match is about to restart and we take our seats. I find myself drawn into the game again. 
Another thirty minutes into the game I’m resigned that we’re going to lose. I watch the crowd do a Mexican wave, and it makes me smile. I almost wish I was amongst them rather than in the VIP area. 
The Hanan team have greater possession of the ball, but every time they try to strike it misses.
“Go Tari,” Zayd shouts.
The ball goes in, and suddenly there’s an uproar. Zayd stands up and waves his Hanan flag, and I follow.  I have this sense of being part of something bigger. The crowd begins chanting, and I join in. 
We sit down again and watch the final ten minutes of the game. I sit forward with my hands pressed against the rail in front. With five minutes to go, there’s another goal, and the cheers from the crowd are deafening. I jump up and down with Zayd waving my flag, forgetting everything. 
We sit down again, and Zayd smiles. “We’re on the home stretch now.”
The whistle blows after another five minutes and Hanan have won the match. The crowd roars with delight and starts singing. 
Zayd joins in, and I enjoy watching him sing.
“That was brilliant,” I say afterwards.
“Do you want to stay and meet some of the team?” Zayd asks.
“Yes, I’d love to,” I reply.
We move to the lounge area, and after another drink, the players start arriving. 
Zayd talks to one of the strikers. “That first goal was amazing, Tari.”
“Thanks,” Tari says. “The crowd spurred us on. We wanted to win this match to qualify, so it’s a great result.”
“You must have been nervous before the match,” I say.
“A bit but you get used to the crowd, and then all you focus on is the game,” Tari replies.
Zayd circles around the players talking to them and I find out that he is one of the team’s sponsors.  
Eventually, we leave for the restaurant. 
“You’re quiet,” Zayd says in the car.
“I’m just thinking about the game,” I reply. “The crowd were so happy when their team won.”
“The Hanan people are very proud of their country,” Zayd says.
I raise an eyebrow. “Spoken like the president’s son.”
Zayd’s mouth quirks slightly upwards. “It’s hard to forget sometimes.”
“But you’re trying,” I reply.
“Tonight I am. Tell me more about you.”
I swallow hard. There’s part of me that doesn’t want to lie to him. “What do you want to know?”
“About your family? What was it like growing up in Kaspa?”
“My mum ran the farm after our father died. I think it was difficult for her dealing with all the labourers.” This is my cover story, but then I interweave it with real information. “I had a vegetable patch when I ten, and I liked growing herbs.” 
“I can imagine you doing that.”
“Really?”
“Yes, you seem like you’d enjoy growing things.”
I laugh. “I think my mother didn’t think much of my efforts.”
“And what’s it like having a twin?” Zayd asks.
“It good having someone to share experiences with,” I reply, and although Raf isn’t my twin, it’s the truth.
“Is Raf enjoying his job?” 
I give Zayd a quizzical look. “Why are you asking?”
“He’s your brother.”
I hesitate. I know Raf’s been frustrated, but Ori got him the job as a way into the heart of the government. “I think he’d like a bit more responsibility, but it’s his first job, so I guess it comes in time.”
“I’m sure someone like Raf will make his way up the ladder.”
“I saw you talking to him at the party.”
“He made some practical suggestions about trade but in a persuasive manner.”
“He’s the charismatic one.”
“I wouldn’t say that,” Zayd replies. “You’re more direct, but then that’s why I like you.”
I flush. “Thanks.”
The limousine pulls up outside the restaurant, and I realise we’ve left the city behind. We’re on a hill, high up from the bustle of the city. The restaurant is more charming than hip. Completely different from the sushi restaurant I went to with Kiran. It has a large outdoor area divided up by borders, bushes and potted plants.  We’re led to a table by a waiter that is hidden from the other clientele. 
 “You should try the lamb. It’s delicious,” Zayd says.
I look at the menu and wince. Seclusion comes at a cost, but I tell myself it’s not my decision to be here. “Sounds good.”
Zayd orders our food while I twist my napkin under the table.  It’s going to be challenging to keep up my act all through dinner. I steer the conversation onto Zayd. “So, what do you do during the day when you’re not wining and dining?” I ask.
Zayd shrugs. “I mainly carry out my father’s orders.” 
“What does that involve?” I ask.
“Talking to people, organising things,” Zayd replies.
 I wonder if Zayd has any involvement in the nuclear weapons program. I force myself to smile. “Sounds important.”
“You could look at it that way, but I’m not exactly making any of the decisions,” Zayd replies.
“Is that frustrating?” I ask.
Zayd raises an eyebrow. “What is it about you that I end up telling things that I don’t tell anyone else?”
I laugh. “Maybe I just ask a lot of questions.”
Zayd lays his hand on top of my hand, and a tingle runs down my spine. “You make me feel comfortable.”
I swallow. Feelings of guilt are mixed with pleasure. “That’s a good thing, isn’t it?”
“Yes, it is,” Zayd replies.
The food arrives, and I’m glad of the distraction. The rest of the evening, Zayd tells me stories about  Lyron and Matek’s misadventures. I laugh until my sides hurt, and I almost forget why I’m here. 

Zayd drives me home after dinner, and when we pull up outside Ori and Jamelia’s house, he leans in to kiss me. What I do know is public affection is banned. I should stop him, but when Zayd’s lips press firmly against mine, I find myself responding. I pull him closer, and it’s like I can’t get enough. Then I remember that it’s not real.
I break away, gasping. “I’m not sure we should be kissing in public.”
Zayd’s eyes crinkle at the corners. “No, probably not, but you’re so irresistible.”
“I’d better go inside,” I reply. “Goodnight.”
Zayd opens the door for me. “Goodnight, Layla!” 


Chapter 23

The next day, I sleep in. Jamelia knocks on my door about 9 am and comes into the room holding a cup of tea.
I sit up quickly when I see the time.
“Sorry, I can’t believe it’s so late.”
“Did you have a nice time last night?” Jamelia asks, setting the tea down next to me.
“Yes,” I reply, remembering Zayd’s kiss.
Jamelia sits on the bed. “I wouldn’t expect things to stay the same.”
“What do you mean?” I ask.
“You’ve set things in motion.”
I redden. “Do you mean with Zayd?”
“Yes, you can’t just go out with a president’s son and keep it casual.”
I swallow hard. “No, I suppose not.”
“It’s likely that you’ll be invited around to the president’s house for dinner. They’ll want to assess you. Decide whether you fit their criteria.”
“And will I?” I ask.
“You’re our niece, but they’ll want to know whether you know how to behave.”
“Maybe you can give me some pointers.”
“Of course, but there is some work to do.”
“We’ll start after you’ve got dressed.”
“Okay.”
In code, I send a message to Thomson. There’s no response. My stomach churns. What if they discover who I am? I get in the shower and run the hot water over my head. I wonder how easy it will be for the president to uncover my background. Will they go to Kaspa? 
When I get out of the shower, there’s a message from Thomson. With trembling hands, I decode it.
Don’t worry, your cover is secure. You are doing an excellent job. Keep up the good work.
I read the message and lie back on the bed and gulp. My cheeks heat up as I remember Zayd’s kiss. Things are progressing faster than I want them to. 
Zayd calls me on my phone. “Did you have a nice time last night?”
“Yes, thanks,” I reply.
“My father wants to meet you and your family,” Zayd says.
 “When?”
“On Friday,” Zayd replies.
“So soon.”
“Yes, sorry. I know it’s quick but my father’s like that.” 
“By family, do you mean you want me to bring Ori and Jamelia?” I ask, trying to keep my voice light. 
“Yes,” Zayd says. “And your brother Raf.”
“Raf too.”
“Yes, is that a problem?”
“No,” I reply.

After I’m dressed, I meet Jamelia downstairs. She leads me into the garden deliberately. I know it’s so we can talk in private.
“Now, when you meet the president, you’ll need to wear something conservative. We want you to appear to be a young, innocent girl with nothing for him to worry about.”
“Someone he can trust,” I reply.
“Exactly but you are also going to need to impress him. He’ll want a woman for his son who will take the lead in Hanan society.  Someone who is calm under pressure. Don’t be surprised if he tries to rile you. He’ll want to see how you react.”
“So I need to be prepared to be insulted?”
“Yes. You also need to show that you can run a household and command the staff. That you can organise large gatherings and charity events. Not only that he’ll probably quiz you on current affairs but make sure you don’t say anything controversial.”
Hanan’s current affairs are something I do know about. Probably more than the President would like. “I’m not sure I can live up to his ideals, but then I’m not actually trying to marry his son am I?”
“No, you’re just trying to stay in his favour for a little bit.”
“I’ll try to remember that.”
“One thing, I want to go through with you is table etiquette. The president will give us a lavish dinner. He’ll want to be seen to be generous to the family of his son’s intended.”
I gulp at Jamelia’s use of the word ‘intended.’ It makes it feel so serious. “Yes, I think I probably do need a reminder of which fork and knife to use.”
“Table etiquette is more than which fork and knife to use in Hanan. It is all about who eats first and what you do when someone offers you a new dish even if you don’t like it.”
“Tell me more,” I reply.
Jamelia links her arm through mine. “We’ll go inside now, and I’ll show you.”
“It all sounds a bit daunting.”
 Jamelia winks at me. “Just enjoy the bits you can enjoy.”
I redden wondering whether she knows about the kiss.


Chapter 24

The day of the dinner with the president arrives. Raf is sullen, and there is nothing I can say to improve his mood. Thomson is excited from the tone of his messages, but the only instruction he has given me is to build trust. 
I put on a white, embroidered knee-length dress that Jamelia has selected for me and a pair of white ballet pumps. Jamelia sends Fara, the maid, to do my hair. She braids it and curls it around in a new style.
“You look beautiful,” Fara says when she’s finished.
The girl in the mirror looks different. Younger, more innocent looking. Certainly not the liar I’ve become. “If I do it is all your handiwork.”
Fara shakes her head. “No, the president’s son can see natural beauty.”
I redden. “You know I’m going there for dinner tonight?” 
“Yes, everyone knows. Your picture at the football match is in all the magazines.”
“What magazines?” I ask.
“All the women’s magazines,” Fara replies.
I take a deep breath. “Can I see one?”
“Yes, I will show you.”
Fara goes away and comes back a few minutes later, waving the magazine. “Look, there you are waving the Hanan flag.”
“I don’t see what the big deal is. We could just be friends.”
“Not the way he was looking at you,” Fara replies.
I smile inwardly. I certainly look patriotic, and Zayd does seem to be taken with me. “Thanks for showing me Fara. Do you mind if I keep it for a day to look at?”
“Keep it for as long as you like,” Fara replies.

Jamelia, Ori and Raf are waiting downstairs when I come down. 
“We had better get in the car straight away if we don’t want to be late,” Ori says.
“You look perfect,” Jamelia says. “Fara did a good job with your hair.”
I laugh. “I don’t know whether it will ever come out, the number of pins she put in it.”
Jamelia smiles. “Fara does like a project.”
“Did you know there’s a picture of me with Zayd in a magazine?” I ask.
“Yes, I didn’t want to worry you about it. It was only in one or two.”
“Just one or two.”
Jamelia purses her lips. “Maybe more than that but it’s to be expected when you’re dating the president’s son.”
I steal a look at Raf. He hasn’t said a word. Well, if he doesn’t want to talk to me, I won’t make him. He knows this is part of the mission. And then I feel guilty because part of me isn’t just acting. 

We arrive at the president’s house, and there is a ton of security. Large metal gates open to reveal a long driveway. The house is three stories high, has so many windows I can’t count and massive pillars. Trees line the driveway, and I would guess an army of gardeners must be employed to keep the gardens so perfect.  It almost makes me choke to think that what it would be like if my relationship with Zayd was real. The guards at the gate check our IDs and then we’re searched. I would have thought they would trust us but clearly not. 
Finally, we’re allowed to drive up to the house. Jamelia complains about the overzealousness of the guards on the way to the door, but when the president and Zayd come out to greet us, she is all kisses and smiles. 
I watch Ori and Jamelia greet the president and then Zayd whispers in my ear. “I hope security wasn’t too bad.”
I raise an eyebrow. “I think it even ruffled Jamelia’s feathers.”
Zayd grimaced apologetically. “My dad is very security conscious.”
“I’m sure anyone would be in his position,” I reply. “But it must be hard to live with.”
“I told you it wasn’t so easy being a president’s son.”
“So, you did.” I smile.
The president walks over to me and looks me up and down. “Are you going to introduce me properly Zayd?”
“Dad, this is Layla. Layla, this is my father.”
“Nice to meet you, president,” I reply.
“I hear you were at a football match with my son last week.”
“Yes. It was my first football match, but I was pleased that Hanan won.”
“Maybe you are our lucky mascot then,” the president replied. “Still, it was very public.”
I flush not sure how to answer. I remember the pictures in the magazine, the one of me jumping up and down in the stadium. Probably not very ladylike behaviour. 
Ori intervenes. “Layla didn’t grow up in Hanan. She has been with her mother in Kaspa, so I’m sure she didn’t understand the implications of attending a football match with Zayd.”
“Nevermind, what’s done is done,” president Adil says.
Ori turns towards Raf. “And this is my nephew, Layla’s brother. He’s working in the department of trade.”
Adil looks Raf up and down and then looks at me again. “Yes,  I heard that you got him a job there. Nice to meet you, Raf. You look quite different from your sister.”
“Yes, I think I look more like my mother and Layla takes after my father,” Raf replies smoothly.
Adil nods. “Please come through to the drawing-room for drinks. It’s not quite time for dinner yet.” 
The drawing room is grander than I’ve ever seen. Expanses of gold material drape across the windows and crystal chandeliers hang from the ceiling. As I walk across the cream carpet and elaborately patterned rugs, I can feel my shoes sinking into them. The president sits down in a gold and red elaborately decorated armchair and indicates for Ori, Jamelia and me to sit on the sofa opposite. Raf and Zayd sit on a different sofa next to each other, and my stomach tightens. Then I hear Raf ask Zayd a question about the Hanan football team and I relax a little.
A manservant pours us mint tea. I nod my thanks but remain silent as Jamelia has schooled me. I aim to appear demure and unthreatening. 
The president sits back with hands behind his head. “Ori, I hear there have been some changes in your department.”
“Rumi had to move back to the country after his father died, which left a bit of hole, but I reshuffled a few people, and his replacement is doing a good job.”
“And Raf has been doing well I hear too.”
“He’s been lucky enough to be given a bit more responsibility recently.”
“Perhaps the simple life in Kaspa is good for children. Raf and Layla seem less entitled that some young people.”
The president is nearer the truth than he realises. I don’t think anyone on the compound is entitled. 
“Tell me more about your life on Kaspa,” the president commands me. “I hear you grew up on a farm.”
“It was pretty ordinary. Going to school, helping on the farm. I mean, we had farm hands to do most of the work, but we were also expected to pitch when things got busy.”
“What kind of farm is it?” the president asked.
I’m prepared for this question. All last night I’d run through everything Thomson had taught me about farming. “Our main produce is pistachios.”
“One of Kaspa’s main products. Would you say your mother is making a good living from the farm?”
“We’re not rich if that is what you mean, but we are comfortable. However, my mother thought it best that we leave Kaspa and make a new life for ourselves here in Hanan with Aunt Jamelia and Uncle Ori.”
“She must miss you.”
“Yes, she does, but we talk regularly, and she is pleased that we are doing well in Hanan.”
“I’m sure she is. It is a pity that Zayd’s mother is not here to see his progress. She died when he was only 5 years old.”
I bite my lip because I know this already, but it is not a fact that Zayd has shared with me yet. “I’m sorry.”
“It was a long time ago, but I’m afraid Zayd has missed his mother’s guidance, but then you also lost a parent when you were young so you must understand.”
“Yes,” I lie, and I don’t have to pretend grief because that’s what I feel when I think about Zayd with his corrupt father and dead mother. Thomson warned me about this. The closer you get, the harder it is to maintain distance.
“Anyway, let’s talk about more happy events. I asked you here to talk about how things will move forward between our two families. We must make decisions,” the president says.
“But before we make too many decisions, we must get an astrologer to see whether it is a good match,” Jamelia replies. “It’s tradition.” 
Jamelia and I had agreed on getting an astrologer as a way of stalling any decisions. Things move fast in Hanan once the families meet.
“Yes, I suppose that is the normal way although I’m sure in these modern times, the kids make their own decisions.”
“But I would like to be certain,” Jamelia insists. “I can engage an astrologer tomorrow with your permission.”
“Of course,” the presidents smiles. “Now let’s make our way into dinner.”
We all follow the president through to the dining room. Like the drawing-room, it’s beautifully decorated but smaller than I imagined. 
“This dining room is where I have smaller gatherings,” the president explains. 
“Have you been enjoying a grilling?” Zayd whispers as we make our way into the dining room.
“Not too much,” I reply. Frankly, I feel I’ve got off lightly, but I just hope Thomson’s got my cover in place properly in Kaspa because I do know the president will be digging for information there.
“What have you been talking about?”
“Cars mostly,” Zayd replies.
“Really?” I reply.
“Men can talk about them for hours. Can’t they Raf?”
Raf grins. “Totally.”
I smile. Raf has either forgotten his bad mood, or he’s the best actor in the world. Either way, it makes me feel better.
The oval table in the dining room is covered with a cream and gold patterned cloth, and there are at least four different types of cutlery for each person. The president sits at the head, and I am ushered to sit on one side of him with Zayd on the other.
As I take my place at the table, I pick up a little menu. It has a list of courses including a trio of seafood starters, a chicken dish, then a lamb dish and then a sugared apple dessert. “Wow!”
“The chef is doing his special dessert for you,” Zayd says.
“Sugared apples?” I ask.
“Yes, they are apples glazed in sugar and filled with ice-cream,” Zayd replies.
“How does he even do that?”
Zayd touches his nose. “It’s a secret.”
The president looks smug. “I only employ the best chefs.”
I’m sure he does even while other people starve in his country. When I was a young child, my mother used to call me a quiet conspirator because I’d always get into trouble behind her back. Today, I hope that’s true so that I don’t betray my contempt.
Jamelia fawns over president Adil. “We’re really looking forward to the meal. It sounds delicious.”
“You must have to entertain a lot,” Ori says.
“Yes, if it isn’t visiting dignitaries, it’s diplomats or military officials,” the president replies. “In fact, it’s nice to be able to have a small family dinner like this.”
“Quite,” Ori replies. 
“Unfortunately, when you’re president you have to prioritise business over family,” Adil says.
Ori nods. “It must be difficult.”
“Yes, when Zayd was younger, he didn’t always understand, but I’m hoping he does now.”
Zayd smiles dutifully. “Of course, father. I know it takes a lot of work to run a country.”
“Layla, what do you think of Hanan compared to Kaspa?”
“Sidona is very big, and there’s a lot more to do here,” I reply.
“Quite different to the country life in Kaspa,” Adil says. “Have you been outside Sidona yet?” 
I don’t want Adil to know we’ve been anywhere near the nuclear facility, so I try to be vague. “Yes, I saw some of Hanan’s beautiful countryside with aunt Jamelia,” I reply
“Where did you visit?” Adil asks.
Jamelia rescues me. “We went to Ayat as I have some family near there.”
Adil rests back in his chair. “I can’t imagine a young girl would enjoy Ayat.”
“On the contrary, I liked it a great deal,” I reply.
“What’s more, Layla found a place for her fundraising initiative nearby,” Jamelia says. 
“Tell me more,” Adil commands.
“The recent fundraiser that your son attended raised a lot of money and the committee had this idea to spend the money on a soup kitchen. Layla was keen to find the right place, and it’s all in motion now.”
President Adil touches my hand, and I try not to recoil. “What made you choose this place?”
“It was on a main route near to a cluster of villages, so it seemed quite practical.”
“You seem like a resourceful girl, Layla. I like that.”
I finger my napkin. “Thank you.”
The trio of seafood arrives at that moment to my relief. The rest of the dinner goes smoothly without too many questions directed at me. 
Ori and Jamelia congratulate me on making a good impression at the end of the evening. All I know is that it will buy me time.

The next morning, I swot up on modern art because Zayd is taking me to an art gallery for a well-known Hanan artist, Safina. When he arrives to pick up, I know I haven’t learnt enough to be knowledgeable on the subject. 
The gallery is in a white circular building, and we wind around a spiral stairwell to enter. Once inside, there is vast space. A few paintings line the walls with hefty price tags. The pictures seem almost childlike to me, and I’m surprised anyone would pay this much money for them; they consist of big splashes of colour on canvas. Thompson’s preparations and my school didn’t prepare me for this. Most of the artists I’ve learnt about are more traditional.
“This is different,” I say.
“In what way?” Zayd asks.
“Football match to art gallery. It’s kind of at either end of the spectrum.”
“I wouldn’t say that,” Zayd replies. “Football and art have much in common.”
“How?” I ask.
“The best artists and footballers need to be creative.”
“True,” I reply.
“What do you think of Safina’s work?” Zayd asks.
“Honestly?”
Zayd smiles. “Yes.” 
“I think a child could have done it.”
Zayd laughs. “That’s a criticism levelled at a lot of modern art, but I think they carried out some research which compared children’s paintings to real artists and most people preferred the artist’s work.”
“I guess the paintings would look pretty on a wall,” I reply. “But they’re expensive.”
“Safina is a well-known artist. I should introduce you; I think you’d like her.”
I suddenly feel a little jealous of Safina. “How do you know her?”
“She’s an old friend of the family.”
“Does your family know many artists?”
“My father’s influence extends across many circles,” Zayd replies.
His comment is like a kick to the stomach. Sometimes, I forget that I’m here to spy on Zayd and his family, but whenever he mentions his father, it reminds me that I’m not here for fun. “It must be useful to have so many contacts.”
“It’s useful in a way,” Zayd replies. “I enjoy what privilege brings, but I’m also bound by many rules.”
“Isn’t everyone bound by rules in some form or another?” 
Zayd takes my hand and kisses it. “Yes, but today I feel like breaking the rules. Come on, I want to take you somewhere.”
“We are somewhere,” I reply.
“I think we need to go somewhere more off the beaten track,” Zayd replies.
I raise my eyebrows. “Okay, if you say so.”
“I do,” Zayd replies. “Follow me.”
I follow Zayd back to his car, and soon we’re heading out of the city limits.
“Where are we going?” I ask.
“It’s a surprise.”
“You like surprises,” I say.
“Yes,”
“Why don’t you choose some music,” Zayd says.
I search through the radio until I find something I like. It’s like the music my parents played on the compound, and it reminds me of them.
“Folk music,” Zayd says. “I can tell you’re a country girl, through and through.”
“A country girl?” I reply.
“Yes, you’re not like the other girls in Sidona.”
I purse my lips. “Less sophisticated.”
“It’s a compliment,” Zayd says. “I like that you’re different.”
I feel like an impostor, but I plaster a smile on my face. “Thanks. You’re not like the other boys either.”
Zayd smirks as he pulls up outside a roadside cafe. “Good to know.”
“Is this where we’re going?”
“You think I’d take you here?” Zayd asks.
“I don’t know. You said somewhere off the beaten track.”
“I didn’t mean a roadside café. We’re just getting some picnic stuff.”
We get out of the car and look at what the café has on offer. Zayd orders a range of different meat parcels, chickpea burgers, pitta bread and dips. The woman behind the counter carefully wraps everything up. 
“Is that all for us?” I ask. 
Zayd touches his nose. “You’ll need it later.”
I grin. “Okay, I’m enjoying the mystery.”

Half an hour later, after winding through the countryside, we arrive at some stables. It’s been much more scenic than my journey to Ianthe. I haven’t seen any shanty towns at all. Instead, it’s been fields filled with crops and trees.
Zayd smiles. “I thought a country girl might enjoy a farm. “ 
My heart starts to race. Maybe this is where Zayd finds me out. I don’t know how to ride but shouldn’t a farm girl know how to? Thompson’s cover story runs through my head. What excuse do I have for not knowing how to ride? “I didn’t know that there was so much countryside so close to Sidona.”
“It’s well-hidden,” Zayd says.
 I arch an eyebrow. “Contacts.”
Zayd mouth twitches at the corners. “Yes, as I said, they can be useful.”
I realise now is the time to come clean. “I can’t actually ride.”
Zayd looks a little puzzled. “I thought you might have ridden in Kaspa but don’t worry it’s not so difficult.”
Zayd talks to one of the stable girls, and soon I’m being given a leg up onto a horse.
“Don’t worry she’s really calm,” the stable girl says.
“Thanks,” I reply.
The horse starts trotting, and it takes me a while to relax.
Zayd points to some hills in the distance. “We’re going to head up there to get a view.”
“Sounds good,” I reply.
Zayd draws his horse, so we are riding next to each other along the track. “If you didn’t ride in Kaspa, what did you do?” 
I keep my voice even as I regurgitate my prepared list of activities. “I had to help on the farm sometimes, shelling, roasting and packing if we were behind on orders, but mostly I liked to escape and read when I could. I didn’t have much spare time because my mother was very keen on Raf and me studying.”
“A typical Hanan parent then.”
I picture my mother resting her hands on my shoulders. “Yes, she believed that education gives you choices.”
“And do you believe it’s given you choices?” Zayd asks.
“I’m not sure yet. We’ll see what choices I’m given.”
“You said you like reading, what’s your favourite book?”
“That’s a difficult question. I like Siddharta and Steppenwolf by Herman Hesse.”
Zayd looks at me intently. “You’re a fan of self-discovery then.”
“I think it’s important to try and work out who you are. Don’t you?”
Zayd nods. “I agree, but you’d be surprised how many people are completely uninterested in self-reflection.”
Surely, Zayd is thinking of his father. That man lacks a conscience, never mind the ability to reflect on his actions. “Who are you thinking of?” I ask.
“I won’t name them, but some people I know are far more interested in appearances than looking inside themselves.”
What do I expect? He’s unlikely to criticise his father directly, but I can’t help digging further. “Do you think it’s important for a leader to be reflective?”
Zayd looks into the distance. “I think self-reflection is key to being a good leader, but my father wouldn’t agree. He believes that it weakens you.”
“If you can take an honest look at your strengths and weaknesses, then surely that makes you a better leader?”
Zayd smiles. “You’re preaching to the converted. Anyway, this conversation is getting way too serious. What do you say we eat?”
I see that we’ve reached the top of the hill and I look out across the fields. Olive trees grow next to the stables and yellow rapeseed contrasts against the lush green. “Sounds good. The view from here is great.”
Zayd helps me down off my horse, and then we unpack the food.
“What was it like growing up in Sidona as the president’s son?” I ask.
“I’m not sure it was that different from other people I know. When I was young, my father was busy most of the time, so I was looked after by a nanny. I think it was easier for him when I started school, but I only went to school in Sidona until I was seven and then I went away to boarding school.”
“Where did you go to boarding school?” 
“In Mayland.”
“Mayland?”
“Yes, that’s where most of the high-ranking officials’ children go to school or Eria. Sometimes there’s a bit of culture clash when we come back to Hanan.”
“How so?”
“The values are different in Mayland to here, and Hanan can feel a bit restrictive when you come back.  Anyway, what was your school like?”
Thomson is right, waiting is all I need to do but my stomach twists at the thought of betraying Zayd’s trust. “It was a small rural school. My favourite subject was Mathematics.”
“So were you a bit of a Maths nerd?”
“Maybe.”
Zayd raises an eyebrow. “I’m starting to feel intimidated.”
“Don’t be. I’m no genius. What did you like at school?”
“Politics.”
“That’s apt for a president’s son.”
The corner of Zayd’s mouth turns upwards. “I learnt a lot of theory, but whether it can be put into practice is another matter.”
“Maybe you’ll have a chance in the future.”
“Unlikely,” Zayd replies. “I wouldn’t mind seeing democracy in Hanan, but my father would probably shoot me for saying that.”
Zayd’s openness both scares and endears me. “He might listen to you,” I reply.
“You don’t know my father.”
I place my hand on top of Zayd’s because I don’t know what to say. His father is a monster. Then Zayd leans into me, and he’s kissing me. His kiss is strong and intense. Different to the one in the car. Tingles run down my body as he pulls me closer. I angle my body, so there’s no space between us. Zayd’s hands tangle in my hair, and I want this to go on forever.
After a few minutes, Zayd pulls away. “You’re dangerous.”
I flush red because I am treacherous but not in the way he thinks. “We should be more careful in public.”
Zayd laughs. “There’s no one for miles, but you’re right we do need to be more careful. I don’t trust myself with you.”
My insides flip, and I can’t help smiling because Zayd likes me. So much that he can’t trust himself. I shove any thoughts about him being the president’s son to the back of my mind. “Maybe we should start heading back.”
“Good idea,” Zayd says.
As I get up, to pack away the remaining food, Zayd pulls me onto his lap and runs his finger down my cheek. 
I giggle. “I’m trying to pack up.”
 “One last kiss then,” Zayd says as he kisses me lightly on the lips.


Chapter 25

Thompson messages me the next day with news. There are some uprisings in certain parts of Hanan, but the military has quashed them. He needs me to find out more. I know why I’m here, but bile rises up my throat. Sometimes, I wish I were just a normal girl.
Zayd calls me soon after I receive Thompson’s message.  “I forgot to tell you yesterday that there’s a charity dinner on Saturday that I’d like to take you to.”
“That’s very public.”
“That’s not a problem, is it?” Zayd asks.
“No, I just wasn’t sure whether you wanted to keep things low key.”
“I think that horse has already bolted,” Zayd says.
“Maybe. So, what’s the dress code?”
“Black tie.”
“I better start looking for a dress,” I reply.
“I have a table with two spare seats, do you want to bring Raf and one of your girlfriends?”
“Sure, I’m sure Raf will be happy to come, and I’ll ask Kiran.”
“Great! I’ve got to go away this week on some business for my father, so I won’t be able to see you until Saturday.”
“Where are you going?” I ask, wondering whether this has anything to do with uprisings.
“Kelsa in the South,” Zayd replies.
I feel like a snake as I press for more information. “What will you be doing there?” 
“You’re asking a lot of questions. I’ve got to talk to some officers down there. They’ve not been doing a good job in my father’s eyes.”
I swallow hard.  “I hope your trip goes well.”
“Yes, but all week I’ll be looking forward to seeing you,” Zayd says.
I’ve never had a boy say these words to me before. I should feel happy, but my stomach twists. “I’m looking forward to the weekend too.”

After my call with Zayd, I message Thompson and tell him where Zayd is going. I’m not sure the information is useful, but I’ve done my job. 
I find Raf downstairs. “Are you off to work?”
Raf raises an eyebrow. “Yes, why?”
“Zayd wants to know whether you’ll come to a charity dinner on Saturday. I’m going to ask Kiran too.”
Raf grimaces. “You’ve been pretty busy with Zayd.”
“So will you come?” I ask, ignoring his comment.
“I guess so.”
I nod towards the garden. “Fancy a stroll?”
“Okay but I need to be quick,” Raf says.
When we’re in the garden, I tell Raf what Zayd has told me.
“You think the uprisings are in Kelsa?” Raf asks
“I don’t know, but maybe you could find out more at work.”
Raf moves towards the gate. “I’ll try to.”
“See you later.”
Raf smiles. “Take care.”

With Zayd away, it’s the perfect opportunity for me to go back to Ianthe and get the plans for the nuclear facility. It’s been almost two weeks since I saw Issam, so I contact Mak to get in touch. By lunchtime, Mak’s come back to me with news. Issam has the plans and wants to see me. 
I meet up with Kiran on the pretext of finding a dress for the charity dinner, but really, I want to persuade her to go to Ianthe with me. 
I begin with a sweetener. “Zayd says that I can bring a friend to the charity dinner and I thought I’d ask you if you’re free.”
Kiran grins. “I’m free but did Zayd definitely say you could bring a friend?”
“Yes, I told you.”
“When I first met you, I never thought you’d be the one improving my social life.”
“Nor me either.”
“Is Raf going?”
“Yes,” I reply. 
“Great! So as his sister, tell me what is he really like?”
I wait for the uncomfortable feeling I usually get when the girls discuss Raf, but it doesn’t come. “He was popular at school, and he’s good with words. In fact, he was top of the class in poetry.”
Kiran’s face is wistful. “Maybe he could write me a poem.”
“Perhaps,” I reply. “Anyway, enough about Raf. I need to ask you whether you’ll go to Ianthe with me. I need to visit that soup kitchen again and see how they’re getting along.”
“When do you want to go?”
“I was thinking the day after tomorrow for one night.”
Kiran purses her lips. “It’s a bit short notice; I’ve got a hair appointment that day.”
“It wasn’t too short notice to go come to the charity dinner. Come on. It’s for a good cause, and you can easily rearrange the hair appointment.”
“It’s not so easy to rearrange. Do you know how popular Marisse is?”
“No.”
“He’s only the best hairdresser in Sidona. You really should try him.”
I roll my eyes. “Possibly.”
“Okay, you’re right. I need to be less selfish. I was making a vow to myself only yesterday to change, so I will come.”
I clasp my hands together. “Thanks. I’ll arrange it all. My aunt knows a great hotel nearby, and we can stay there.”
“I’ll trust you on that. Jamelia does have good taste.”
“And I’ll organise a driver and a car, so you don’t need to worry about anything.”
Kiran links her arm through mine. “You’ve already persuaded me, Layla. Stop talking before I change my mind.”
I grin. “Sorry.”
“I think we need to find the perfect outfit for a charity dinner,” Kiran says.
“And how does a charity dinner differ to any other occasion?”
“You know you’re totally hopeless, don’t you? A charity dinner requires something a little understated but elegant.”
I raise an eyebrow. “I’ll bow to your knowledge.”
We spend the rest of the afternoon, browsing the shops until we end up going back to the first one. Kiran buys a white playsuit, and I buy a small black jacket to go with a dress I already have. I’m not sure that Kiran knows what understated means, but I don’t bother telling her; I’ve achieved my goal, to get her to accompany me to Ianthe.

When I get back home, I contact Babir in Goli. I explain that I’m bringing a friend to see the soup kitchen and that she’s on the fundraising committee. Babir is keen to meet and says that everything is ready to go. My plans are in place.

Chapter 26

A couple of days later, I’m on the road to Ianthe with Kiran. 
When we pass the slums on the way out of Sidona, Kiran comments. “I forget how lucky we are sometimes.”
On the compound, we’d always had shelter, sanitation and food. It wasn’t great, but it was better than this. “Yes, I can’t imagine living here.”
“I wish I could do something.”
“We’re setting up the soup kitchen,” I reply.
“It’s something,” Kiran says. “But much more needs to be done.”
Kiran has never discussed politics with me before. Our conversations have always been frivolous, so I’m surprised she’s showing a conscience. “What do you think should be done?”
Kiran looks at the driver hastily and shrugs. “More fundraising.”
It’s the first time that Kiran has been careful with what she says. Usually, she says exactly what’s on her mind, but like everyone on Hanan, she avoids criticism of the government. I want to ask her more, but I need to find the right time. “The charity dinner on Saturday should help. Zayd told me it’s to raise money for children in the slums.”
Kiran sighs. “That makes me feel a little better. Anyway, what are the plans for tomorrow?”
“I thought we could have a leisurely morning and then go to Goli just after lunch before heading home.” 
“Sounds good. I like a lie-in.”
This is what I thought, and it gives me time to meet Issam in the morning.

Kiran smiles when we pull up outside the hotel in Ianthe. “I knew I could trust Jamelia’s taste. This place is gorgeous.”
More flowers have blossomed since I was last here and the scent fills the air. It truly is a little paradise in the hills. “It’s lovely, isn’t it? There’s a veranda out the back as well where we can have some drinks.”
A doorman takes our bags, and we head up to our rooms. I’ve organised for our rooms to be on different floors so that we both have a view of the hills and to make it easier for me to creep away. “Meet you on the veranda in ten minutes?”
“Yes,” Kiran replies.
As soon as the waiter has brought our drinks, Kiran starts questioning me. “I didn’t want to ask in front of the driver, but what’s going on with you and Zayd?”
“We’re kind of seeing each other,” I reply.
“Tell me more. Where’s he taken you?”
“We’ve been out for dinner and to an art gallery. That kind of thing.”
“And have you met his father yet?”
“Yes.” 
“What was that like? I hear he’s pretty scary.”
“It was a bit daunting. He asked me lots of questions about Kaspa and what I thought about Hanan. Then Aunt Jamelia told him about us setting up a soup kitchen, and he was impressed by that. So you can see why I’m keen to get this project running.”
“Interesting that he showed such an interest in helping the poor given that the government doesn’t seem to.”
I blink quickly. This is dangerous talk from Kiran. I’d like to say what I really think, but Thompson had warned me to trust no one. “Do you think the public support changes?”
“What do you mean by the public? Most people in Hanan are poor. If you mean Hanan’s elite, most of them don’t care.”
“But aren’t you part of Hanan’s elite?” I ask.
“Yes. Most of us young people think things need to change, but our elders seem to be stuck in the dark ages.”
“Maybe things can change then,” I say.
“You’re so naïve, Layla. Nothing is going to change.”
“Why do you say that?”
“Look, Layla. I’ve already said too much so let’s change the subject.”
I want to ask more questions, but it looks like the conversation is closed. What I do know is that Kiran’s loyalties are not with the president. “Right.”
“Tyra must be pretty mad about you and Zayd.”
“I don’t know, I haven’t seen her,” I reply.
Kiran raises an eyebrow. “I’d watch your back if you do see her.”
“Good to know.”
“There are photos all over the magazines of you at that football match.”
“I know. I didn’t realise how public it would be.”
“You can’t expect anything different if you date Zayd.”
A lump forms in my throat. If people start digging for information, I could easily be exposed. “I want to keep things low key for as long as possible.”
“Good luck with that.”
“What’s happening with that guy you were seeing last summer?”
“We’re still chatting, but it’s hard maintaining something long distance.”
“Do you think you’ll see him again this summer?”
“If I go and stay with my aunt, but I’m kind of interested in Raf.”
“Okay.”
“Is he seeing anyone?”
“Not as far as I know.”
“Great. I’m going to make my move at the charity dinner before someone gets in there first.”
My muscles tighten. I’m not as immune to Raf as I hoped, but maybe if he dated Kiran, I could just see him as a friend. “You should.”
“What does he like?”
I picture Raf in his room. Most evenings he’s playing the latest Hanan music while reading a book. “He likes music and books.”
“What kind of music?”
“He’s got a thing for the Roadies.”
“I love the Roadies. I’ve got every album.”
I flush red. “You’ll have something to talk to Raf about then.”
“You look a bit hot,” Kiran says.
“I am a bit,” I reply.
“Maybe we should go to our rooms then and get ready for dinner.”
“Good idea,” I reply.

Mak meets me the next morning outside the hotel at 8am. He only just recognises me donned in my disguise. As I hop into his truck, I pray that Kiran doesn’t notice I’m missing. I’ve got the money already in my bag for Issam, but I’m worried that he won’t turn up.
“I’m coming with you this time,” Mak says. 
I shake my head. “That will put you in danger.”
“How will you protect yourself?” Mak asks.
“I’ve a gun.”
Mak frowns. “But do you know how to use it?” 
“I’ve had training,” I reply.
“That isn’t the same as really knowing how to use a gun,” he says.
“Fine, if you really want to come, you can.”
“I do,” Mak replies.

I’ve arranged to meet Issam at a garage near to the nuclear plant. We park up outside, but he’s not there. As time ticks on, I start to panic. What if he doesn’t turn up? How will I make this trip again without people noticing? 
Twenty minutes late, Issam finally pulls up behind us in his car. I nod at him and then he follows us a few miles until we find a deserted piece of track. 
“Sorry, there were police outside this morning,” Issam says. “I had to head into work and then out again just to be sure they weren’t following me.”
My voice is squeaky when I reply. “Police? Why would the police be following you?”
“I don’t know,” he replies. “Maybe they suspect something.”
“You’ll need to be careful then. Do you have the plans?”
“Yes, do you have the money?”
“Yes,” I reply.
“Let’s see it,” he says.
“She’ll show you the money when you show us the plans,” Mak says gruffly.
Issam eyes shift uneasily between Mak and me. “None of this is coming back to me, right?”
“Nothing happened last time, did it?” I ask.
“No, but you didn’t have the plans last time.”
“You’re going to have to trust us. We’re here to stop the president.”
Issam opens his bag and pulls out a roll of paper, then he passes it to me. “These are the plans.”
I take out the envelope with the money from my handbag. “It’s all there.”
I unroll the paper. It shows the whole nuclear facility in detail. “Thank you. This is what we need.”
Issam climbs into his car. “That’s it now. No more.”

I call after him. “You’ve done a good thing.”
Issam nods then drives away.
Mak shakes his head. “He’s like a scared rabbit.”
“Wouldn’t you be if you were being followed by the police?” I ask.
“It’s happened before and no, because that would only make them more suspicious.”
“Not everyone is fearless as you.”
“You seem to be, Layla.”
“I must be disguising my feeling well then.”
Mak laughs. “Let me drive you back.”

Despite the Issam’s late arrival, I’m back at the hotel by 10.30am. Kiran, with any luck, is just getting ready. I run to my room to change and see a message on my phone, “See you at breakfast at 11am.” It gives me time to send pictures of the plans to Thompson. By 11am, I’m sitting calmly in the breakfast room with a magazine.
Kiran breezes in late. “You look comfortable.” 
“I’m looking at the latest fashions,” I reply. 
Kiran pulls the magazine from my hands and points at one of the models in shiny leggings. “I hate that look.”
“I think you’d have to have a pretty amazing figure to get away with them,” I reply.
Kiran raises an eyebrow. “They don’t look flattering on the model.”
My stomach rumbles. I haven’t eaten anything all morning, and the sooner I eat, the better. “What do you fancy for breakfast?”
Kiran picks up the menu. “I think I’ll have the eggs Florentine bagel with smoked salmon.”
“Sounds delicious. I’ll think I’ll have the same.”	
The waiter comes to take our orders. It feels different being here with Kiran. With my plans accomplished, it feels almost like a girls’ holiday. 
“What time do we need to be in the village?” Kiran asks.
“I’ve arranged to meet at 2pm, so we have a bit of time.”
“Excellent, because I’ve heard they have a spa here and I thought maybe we could both have a treatment.”
I think back to the back massage I’d had at Dighton.  It almost feels like a different life now. “If they’ve got space, then why not.”

The woman at reception is very accommodating, she books us both in to have a pebble treatment after breakfast.
Half an hour later, we’re lying on adjacent beds with warm pebbles on our backs. 
“This feels great,” I say.
Kiran smiles. “I told you it was good.”
“Zayd was telling me that he studies in Eria. Where did you study?” I ask.
“I studied in Eria too.”
 “What’s Eria like?”
“It’s really different to Hanan. It’s more modern. People our age date lots of different people and they don’t take it too seriously.”
“Would you like to do that?”
“I’m not sure. In one way it’s good that you're allowed to work out who you really like, but in another way, I think it leads to a lot of heartache. You can be dating someone for years, and then they just decide they don’t like you anymore.”
“But didn’t Zayd date Tyra for years before he broke up with her?”
“Zayd and Tyra were never truly dating. I think Tyra would have liked it to be more, but it was only a parental agreement.”
“I think I’d heard that, but I didn’t want to ask Zayd.”
Kiran touches her nose. “You should always ask about past girlfriends.”
I laugh. “Okay, I’ll make a mental note of that. Anyway, how else is Eria different?”
“For a start, it’s a democracy. People vote for their government, but it doesn’t mean that people aren’t divided. There’s still rich and poor but not like here.”
When I think about Mayland, I don’t remember seeing many poor people, but then I didn’t see much. What I do know is that there wasn’t anywhere near the poverty I’ve seen in Hanan. “Do you think you’ll ever go back to Eria?”
“Possibly.”
“What would make you go back?”
“If I can find a rich husband who’ll take me there.”
I laugh. “Good luck with that. I don’t think that’s Raf by the way.”
“I’ve heard you and Raf will inherit everything from Ori and Jamelia. After all, they don’t have any children, and you are their only niece and nephew.”
Thompson has given us a cover story, but he hadn’t factored in whether people would weigh up our wealth. But after mixing with Hanan’s elite for weeks, I know that money matters. “I guess Ori and Jamelia have hinted that we’ll be well looked after if anything happens to them.”
Kiran smiles smugly. “That’s what I thought.”
Kiran’s obsession with money makes me withdraw a little. Maybe if I had grown up all my life with vast wealth, I would need it too, but as I haven’t, it doesn’t matter to me. I can live without designer clothes and pebble treatments. What I want more than anything is freedom. Something that I don’t think Kiran has either. “I think I’d like to go to Eria at some point.”
“Maybe Zayd will take you.”
“Unlikely. His father seems to have big plans for him here.”
“You could always go on holiday there.”
I sigh. “I’d like that.”
“You know where I’ve always wanted to go?”
“Where?” I ask.
“Mayland.”
I choke a little. “Why, Mayland?”
“I want to see the quaint old buildings and cobbled streets.”
“We should go on a girls’ trip around the world.” I joke because I know it’s not possible.
Kiran sighs. “If only, but I know my parents would probably cut me off.”
“We can wish.”
 
When we get to the village a couple of hours later, my pebble treatment seems like self-indulgence. People are starving in this country, and I’m supposed to be helping them. I berate myself for my lack of focus. 
Babir greets us in the village hall. “What do you think of our renovations.”
I take in the freshly painted walls, the new kitchen equipment and furniture. “It looks great. You really have been busy.”
“All down to you and your aunt,” Babir says. “Your initial funding made this possible.”
“And your hard work,” I reply.
Babir nods. “All we need now is the go-ahead to start.”
I point to Kiran. “This is the chair of the fundraising committee, Kiran Saab. She’s in charge of the money.”
Babir bows his head. “I’m very pleased to meet you. We hope you approve of what we have done.”
“I trust Layla completely, and you have done everything she said you would, so I am happy to officially open this soup kitchen.”
Babir grins. “That is fantastic. You don’t know what this will mean to our community.”
“Don’t be too hasty. You should know the terms of our agreement,” Kiran says.
“What terms?” Babir asks.
“We will send you money every month, and one of our team will regularly visit to check on things. We need to know that everyone in the community is benefiting.”
Babir nods. “We will happily accept those terms. We have alerted the other local villages already.”
“And what’s their reaction?” I ask
“They’re sceptical, but they soon won’t be,” Babir says.
“Why are they sceptical?” 
“They don’t believe that you get anything for free. They think nothing good ever comes from Sidona.”
Kiran places her hand on her hips. “We hope this changes their minds then.”
Babir smiles. “Please don’t take offence. Things have been difficult for us. Please let me make you some tea in our new facility.”
Kiran nods. “Yes, I’d like some tea, and you can tell me more about how it is all going to work. I’ll need to feedback to the rest of the committee, and I’m going to take some photos too.”

On our way back to Sidona, Kiran has a satisfied look on her face. 
“Did you like what you saw?” I ask.
“Yes, I’m glad to be doing something practical for once. Thanks for bringing me, Layla.”
“It was your fundraiser; all I did was find a place to spend the money.”
“But you made it real.”
“It’s like a drop in the ocean. There’s so much that could be done.”
“Maybe at Zayd’s side, you could do more.”
It’s difficult to imagine being with Zayd long enough to make any lasting change. Thompson said we’d be in Hanan for a while, but I don’t think he means that long. “Possibly.”
“Once Zayd is president, you could do so much as his wife.”
“Hang on a second, Kiran. I’ve only just started dating Zayd, and I don’t think his father is going anywhere just yet.”

As we approach Sidona, we see a roadblock ahead with a long trail of cars and lorries. Soldiers with guns are walking around, speaking to people in their vehicles.
“What’s going on?” I ask the driver.
The driver switches the radio on. “I’m not sure but let’s find out.”
We listen to the news, but we’re none the wiser.
“I’ll walk up and see what they’re saying,” the driver says, getting out of the car.
A soldier speaks through a megaphone. “Get back in your car. Stay in your car.”
The driver sits back down again. “I think we have to wait until they tell us what to do.”
“Should we be worried?” I ask Kiran.
“Something has happened,” Kiran says.
My mind swirls through all the possibilities. It could just be a traffic accident, but it seems more critical than that. Maybe the uprisings are spreading. I need to make sure the soldiers don’t find the plans in my bag. “Do you think it could be an accident?” 
“Not with all those soldiers,” Kiran replies. “I wonder how long we’ll have to wait.”
 “I’ve got some snacks in my bag to keep us going,” I reply.
“Where did you get those?” Kiran asks. 
“Jamelia made me pack them before the trip.”
“Good old Jamelia,” Kiran says. “She’d never be caught out in a crisis.”
As I pull the snacks out of my bag, I check the plans are well hidden in the bottom compartment. It was foolish of me to keep them now, I realise. The photos should have been enough. Wasn’t getting rid of any physical evidence the first lesson for being a spy? It reminds me of how inexperienced I am. 
The traffic moves gradually forward, and as we get closer to the soldiers, my muscles tighten. Near the roadblock, a soldier signals to our driver to undo his window. “Pull up ahead and get out when we tell you.”
The driver nods his head vigorously “Okay.”
When we get out of the car, one of the soldiers looks at us keenly and points to our handbags. “Sorry ladies, we need to search every car and every bag.”
Kiran bats her eyelids. “Of course. What’s happening?”
“We’ve been told there’s a threat, that’s all I can say.”
Kiran taps her nails impatiently on the makeshift table as the soldier rifles through her bag. “Be careful you don’t drop anything. There are thousands of pounds of makeup in there.”
“It all looks fine,” the soldier says, passing her bag back.
He then takes mine, and it feels like I can hardly breathe. He does a cursory search and passes it back. “That’s fine too.”
We watch the soldiers open our suitcases and rummage much more carefully through them. They're obviously looking for something bigger. Maybe weapons. 
“That’s my underwear,” Kiran protests.
“Sorry, we have to search everything,” one of the soldiers says.
Ten minutes later we’re back in the car and being waved through the roadblock.
“What’s up with you?” Kiran says.
“I’m not used to soldiers with guns,” I lie. 
“You’ll have to get used to that in Hanan,” Kiran replies.


Chapter 27

The day of the charity dinner arrives. It’s being held in a large hotel. Supposedly one of the best in Hanan. Raf and I travel together in the car, and it’s the first time we’ve been alone since my visit to Ianthe.
“How was your trip? Did you get everything you needed done?” Raf asks.
“It was very successful. The soup kitchen is ready, and I got the plans.”
Raf smiles. “I wouldn’t expect anything else from you. You’ve always been super organised.”
“Really? Sometimes I feel I’m just getting by.”
“At school, you always had everything in place.”
“Did I?”
“Don’t you remember how you got everyone to write a piece for the end-of-term newspaper when Shara became ill?”
“Oh, yes. I forgot about that.”
“You even got me to write a piece at the last minute.”
“Thanks for that, by the way.”
“You just need to believe in yourself.”
“Okay, I’ll try.”
The car pulls up outside the hotel, and I see Zayd waiting for us near the entrance. As Zayd helps me out of the car, I’m bombarded by the lights of cameras and people shouting my name. “Are you Zayd’s new girlfriend? Where did you meet? How long have you been going out?”
Zayd guides me through the entrance. Once inside the foyer, Zayd speaks. “Sorry about that. You look beautiful, by the way. And I’m so glad you could make it Raf.”
Raf looks a little stunned. “Yes, Layla said it was a charity dinner, but I didn’t expect this.”
Zayd shrugs. “Unfortunately, it can be a bit of a media frenzy sometimes, but I hope you’ll enjoy the rest of the night.”
We walk into the grand ballroom, and I’m struck by the enormous chandeliers that hang from the ceiling.  Almost a hundred tables covered in white tablecloths fill the room, and each one has a centrepiece of pink, white and purple flowers. The chairs have pink sashes with a small placard next to each one. 
“How do we know where to sit?” I ask
“There’s a table plan over there,” Zayd says. “But I already know where we are.”
“At the front by any chance?”
Zayd smiles. “How did you guess?” 
“I don’t know, just a bit of intuition.”
As Zayd leads us to our table, he whispers in my ear. “I’ve missed you.”
I blush and try not to look at Raf. “Me too.”
The placards place Zayd on one side of Raf and me on the other. Kiran hasn’t arrived yet, but she’s next to Raf. I look at the door to see whether she’s coming, but I’m disappointed. There are a few other people on our table too, but they haven’t arrived yet. 
“How was your trip?” I ask Zayd as we take our seats.
“Hard work,” Zayd replies.
I touch his arm lightly. “Care to elaborate.”
Zayd sighs. “I had to take some people to task about their handling of a situation, and I don’t find that pleasant.”
“What was the problem?” Raf asks.
“I’ll tell you because you work for us, but it’s not general knowledge. There are some rebels in Kelsa, in South Hanan and things have got out of hand.”
“How?” 
“The officers there have been a bit heavy-handed with the locals, and that’s escalated the situation.”
Raf looks at me briefly before continuing to press for information. “Is it under control now?” 
“Not exactly,” Zayd says. “But let’s not discuss politics tonight, it looks like the rest of our table is arriving.”
Kiran approaches our table in a shimmering gold dress, and I watch Raf move to her side.
“Sorry I’m a bit late,” Kiran says.
“I don’t think you are,” I reply. “But I’m glad you’re here now.”
“Do you like my dress?” Kiran asks.
“It’s stunning,” Raf replies.
“Thanks, I bought this with the help of your sister earlier in the week.”
Raf shakes his head. “You girls like your shopping, don’t you?”
Kiran wags her finger at Raf. “You may scoff, but we’re not complete airheads. We set up a soup kitchen for the poor this week, you know.”
“Where did you do that?” Zayd asks.
“In a small village near Ianthe,” Kiran replies.
Zayd frowns. “You went out of Sidona, this week?” 
“Yes, sorry, I didn’t get around to telling you,” I reply.
“Did you have any problems?” Zayd asks.

“Actually, we were stopped at a roadblock just outside Sidona, and they searched all our luggage. They made such a mess of my things too,” Kiran replies. 
Zayd’s face is stern. “But otherwise, you were okay?” 
I purse my lips. “Yes. We’re absolutely fine.”
“I wouldn’t go outside Sidona again for a while,” Zayd says.
I nod, and I’m thankful I’ve already got the plans for the nuclear facility. “Okay.”
At that moment, a couple about Zayd’s age arrive at our table, and Zayd introduces us.  “This is Udi and Sofia. I studied at college with Udi in Eria, and this is his wife.”
Udi’s Erian accent contrasts with Zayd’s more Mayland tones. They start discussing football almost immediately.
Sofia has a kind smile, and she takes my arm to draw me away from the others. “I’ve heard a lot about you from Zayd.”
“What have you heard?” I ask.
“That you like the same books and you enjoy the same things.”
“Really, he said all that?” I ask
“He’s a good man, you know. Despite his father.”
I start a little. “You think he’s unlike his father.”
Her mouth quirks upwards at the corner. “In lots of ways.”
“So how long have you known each other?”
“I’ve known him since I’ve been with Udi, so a few years. We met in Eria when we were at college.”
“I see.”
A few more people from our table arrive and we all sit down. I’m introduced to four more of Zayd’s friends, but I forget their names almost as quickly as they’re said. It’s at a time like this that I wish I had Al’s astonishing memory. Conversation revolves around the charity auction. The most exciting thing on the list seems to be a seven-night stay on a private island called Shamsa and a special dinner with the captain of Hanan’s football team, Tari Antoun. 
“If I had dinner with Tari, I’d ask him about tactics,” one of the men says.
Zayd grins. “Do you think a few tactics will change your game?”
Udi laughs. “Not likely.”
“Are you going to bid on anything?” I ask Kiran.
Kiran smiles wryly. “I’d love that holiday on Shamsa, but I’ve no chance in a bidding war with the people here tonight.”
“What do you mean?”
“There’s Zayd of course, then there’s the deputy minister and his wife over there, and she can spend. Next to them is the interior minister and his wife.”
I recognise the ministers from the pictures that Thompson showed me, but they look a little different in the flesh. “Doesn’t President Adil come to these events?”
“No, he always sends Zayd. He hasn’t come to any social functions outside of the palace since his wife died.”
It’s strange how you can feel sorry for people you should hate. “That’s kind of sad.”
“Yes, but I wouldn’t feel too sorry for him,” Kiran replies
The first course of sesame lamb balls and a mint yoghurt dip arrives, and we all start eating.
“Is there anything that appeals to you in the auction?” Zayd asks. “What about the island trip?”
The island sounds heavenly, but it wouldn’t be a good idea to spend a week with Zayd on my own, and I don’t think Thompson would appreciate me jetting off somewhere when I’m supposed to be in Hanan. “I’d prefer to visit the nature reserve in Al Khona.”
“You’d pass up a seven-night stay on a private island for a nature reserve trip? You are a strange girl. But that’s what I like about you.”
I swallow guiltily. “I’ve never seen gazelle or oryx. But you said we can’t leave Sidona at the moment so maybe it’s not a good idea.”
“Perhaps not.”
“Why is it so dangerous to leave Sidona?” I ask.
“There’s a growing number of armed rebel groups that are on the move.”
“I see. No trip for me then.”
After the second course, the auction begins. The first thing to be bid is the private island stay and I’m astounded by the figures that people are offering. I’m glad I didn’t say anything to Zayd about wanting to go. As Kiran predicted, the first minister wins the bid on the encouragement of his wife. It seems clear to me now where all the money is going in Hanan. Into the pockets of the government officials. And I can’t lie to myself, into Zayd’s pockets too.
When the private tour of the nature reserve comes up, Zayd bids for it. I wish I hadn’t said anything earlier because if I accept gifts, then I’m no better than any of them. 
Zayd grins when he wins. “Fancy a trip to see the gazelles?”
I remind myself that Zayd has done this for me. I should be grateful, and it’s also for charity. I plaster a smile on my face. “Thank you, but I thought you said we couldn’t leave Sidona.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll organise a helicopter ride there.”
“Okay,” I reply as if that’s normal.
“Are you free on Wednesday?”
“I guess so.”
Zayd looks puzzled. “I thought you wanted to see the nature reserve.”
I smile more broadly and tap his arm. “I do.”
“So, is Wednesday, okay?”
“Yes, I think it’s going to be great. I was just worried a little about what’s happening in Hanan.”
Zayd seems relieved. “Don’t worry. I’ll protect you.”

In the car home, Raf looks at me closely. “You seem to be quite into Zayd.”
“I like him,” I reply.
“I’d say.”
“Do you like Kiran? She’s quite into you.”
“She’s a nice girl.”
“She’s a friend, so be careful.”
“I am but are you?”
I clench my teeth. “I don’t know what you mean.”
“The media are having a field day. Don’t you think that’s a little dangerous.”
I gulp. Raf is right to be concerned. The more my photo is all over the media, the more likely I am to be discovered. “I don’t know how to stop it.”
“We need to talk to Ori and Jamelia.”
“Yes,” I whisper.


Chapter 28

The next day, photos of Zayd and me are plastered all over the newspapers. I pull Jamelia into the garden. 
“I’m worried,” I say, holding up a newspaper. “What if people start asking who I really am?
“Don’t worry, Jamelia,” replies. “Thompson knows what’s happening and he’s invested in making sure your cover is watertight.”
“What if reporters visit Kaspa, or worse the secret police.”
“I’ve raised this with Thompson already. They’ve placed people there to back up your story.”
I take a deep breath. “That’s good to know. Raf was saying that he thought things are getting dangerous.”
“There is always some risk Layla in what we do, but I thought you knew that.”
“Yes, I do. It’s just that I forget sometimes.”
“Zayd told me last night that rebel groups are moving across Hanan.”
“Have you told Thompson?”
“Yes, last night.”
“That’s why your relationship with Zayd is so important. No one else could get this information.”
“But I feel like a fraud.”
“Don’t lose sight of the bigger picture,” Jamelia replies.
I purse my lips. “You’re right. I need to think about why I agreed to do this in the first place.” 
Jamelia’s eyes twinkle. “And Zayd isn’t so bad, is he?”
I sigh. “No, except that it’s just one big lie.”
“Enjoy what there is to enjoy, suffer what there is to suffer,” Jamelia says.
“Very philosophical.”

Wednesday comes quickly, and Zayd picks me up at 9am to take me for our trip to the nature reserve. He drives us to a helicopter pad and as we get in, I gulp a little. 
Zayd takes my hand. “Feeling nervous?”
“Just a bit,” I reply.
“Don’t be. Our pilot is very experienced, so all we have to do is sit back and take in the scenery.”
I clench Zayd’s hand tightly as we rise into the air, but once we’re up, I peer out the window. “Sidona looks so much smaller from up here.”
“Yes, it offers a different perspective, doesn’t it?”
I nod in agreement, recognising a few Sidona landmarks below.
Zayd looks at me. “Feeling a bit more comfortable.”
“Yes,” I reply.
“The reserve is thirty minutes away, so just sit back and enjoy. I’ve got to respond to a few emails if that’s okay.”
“Of course,” I reply. 
I watch Zayd take out his phone to send some messages, while I take in the landscape. We’re moving pretty fast, and soon we’re flying over fields. I can see some mountains in the distance and the green trees contrast with the yellow sand and rocks that are typical of Hanan. I should love my homeland, but it’s so much more barren than Mayland.
It’s not long before we land at the nature reserve. 
The manager greets us as we step out of the helicopter. “We are honoured to have you and your friend to visit, Zayd.”
Zayd smiles. “Thank you for having us, Abbas. This is Layla. It’s really down to her that we’re here.”
Abbas looks at me closely. “Well, I’m glad you wanted to come here, Layla.”
Abbas guides us onto the veranda of a wooden lodge on stilts. As we climb the steps, we have a panoramic view of the savannah.
I walk around the top of the veranda. “It’s fantastic up here!”
Abbas smiles proudly. “Yes, we built this so that visitors could really enjoy the scenery. We will have a drink here before heading on our tour.”
Abbas gestures for us to sit down at the table, which is laid out with traditional Hanan snacks and drinks. 
“What would you like?” Abbas asks.
“I’d like a cool orange juice,” I reply.
“Me too,” Zayd says.
“What is it you most want to see, Layla?”  Abbas asks me as he pours our drinks.
“I think I’d like to see some gazelles.”
Abbas smiles. “We have an excellent chance of seeing them. Have you always liked animals?” 
I trot out my usual story with a few embellishments because I have always liked animals. “I grew up on a pistachio farm, but there have always been animals around. We had a couple of donkeys, goats and chickens. I guess I’ve always liked feeding them.” 
“Wonderful,” Abbas says.
“What about you, Zayd?” Abbas asks.
“I’m keen to see a leopard.”
It strikes me as ironic that Zayd most wants to see this predator of the gazelles. 
“We’ll have to go a bit higher for that, and then we’ll need to be lucky. But I will try my best,” Abbas says.
“Great,” Zayd replies.

After our drinks, Abbas takes us to his jeep. We’re handed some binoculars and told to keep an eye out for movement.
“Our first stop is going to be a watering hole for the gazelles,” Abbas says.
“Fantastic,” I reply
On the way, Abbas pulls over at the side of the road. “Look to your right, can you see that movement in the bush?”
“Yes,” Zayd and I reply in unison. 
“That’s a wild ass and her foal.”
I grab my binoculars to see more. “They look like donkeys.”
“Yes, they’re similar but not the same. The foals are very playful. They frolic, run and chase about. A bit like human children.” 
“I’ll drive on now because there’s much more to see,” Abbas says.
As we approach the watering hole, I see the gazelles. Their large eyes stare at us from beneath their horns, and their tawny backs contrast with their black and white underbellies.
“Gazelles are not only fast, but they have some unusual characteristics,” Abbas says. “They are herbivores and are the prey of animals like cheetahs, lions and the Hanan jungle cat. However, they do this thing called stotting, where they appear to bounce around. One theory is that it puts off predators by showing that they are agile and fit and can outrun them.”
I laugh. “So they use bravado to outwit their predators?”
“Clever,” Zayd says.
“Yes, they’re smart animals,” Abbas replies.
I take some pictures before we move on. 
We drive a few more miles, and then we see some white oryx. They’re similar to gazelles in that they have large horns, but their coats are bright white.
“Their white coats are to reflect the sun’s rays,” Abbas explains. “They also have shovel-like hooves to help them walk on the sandy ground. They’re famous for their stamina and beauty. In fact, they have inspired several Hanan poets, and some believe the myth of the one-horned unicorn is based on oryxes that have lost one horn because their horns never grow back.”
“Fascinating. I’ll have to look up one of the poems when I get back.”
We spend another hour travelling around the savannah before we start heading up higher into the mountain trails in search of a leopard. 
“I’m going to wind up our windows now because leopards can be dangerous to humans. They hunt medium-sized animals, mostly antelopes, boars and deer.” Abbas says.
We travel quite a bit higher before Abbas cuts out his engine. “We should wait a while. A leopard may come closer if it doesn’t hear our engine.” 
We wait patiently, but after a while, Abbas gives up. “I’m not sure we’re going to see one today.”
“Not to worry,” Zayd says. “It will give me more reason to come back.”
“Next time you will have to stay for longer. We have some beautiful lodges,” Abbas says.
“Perfect,” Zayd replies.
As we drive back down the hill, a large animal darts in front of our truck. Abbas breaks quickly. “It’s a leopard,” he shouts.
I swivel my head to see, but I only just catch a flash of black and yellow heading through the trees.
“Did you see it?” Zayd asks.
“Only a glimpse,” I reply. “What about you?”
Zayd grins. “Just a little. Enough to pique my curiosity even more. I’ll definitely be back Abbas.”
Abbas grins. “Wonderful.”

We have a late lunch, and then we head back to the helicopter. I sigh as I look back over the landscape. The nature reserve had made me forget everything for a short time, and I’m not sure I’m ready to go back to reality.
Zayd smiles. “It’s easy to become absorbed in the animals, isn’t it?” 
“Yes, it’s both exciting and calming at the same time.”
Zayd pulls my hand to his lips and brushes them gently. “Being here with you has been both of those things for me.” 
A thrill runs through me. “Thanks for bringing me here, Zayd.”
“It’s my pleasure,” he replies.


Chapter 29

Zayd invites me for lunch on Saturday at his house. His father is away, and he says he wants to show me the grounds uninterrupted.
When I arrive, the butler greets me and leads me through to the library. It is wall-to-wall books, and I itch to look through them.
Zayd sprawls across one of the sofas, working on his laptop but as soon as he sees me, he gets up. “I’ve been looking forward to having you to myself.”
I laugh. “Apart from all your servants.”
“Yes, apart from the servants. Give me a minute, I just need to put something in the post, and then I’ll be back.”
I watch Zayd leave with an envelope. He’s left his laptop open, and I know that I can’t just let this opportunity pass me by. No matter what Zayd means to me. I open the documents folder and see one labelled government. I click on it. Inside there’s a file titled nuclear plans. I take out my USB stick and push it in. My heart races as when it says three minutes until the files transfer. 
My eyes scan the doorway, praying that Zayd doesn’t come back too soon.
“What are you doing?” Zayd asks from behind me.
I jump, clicking out of the folder I’m in. There’s must be another hidden entrance to the library.
Zayd scrutinises my face. “You seem a bit on edge.”
I keep my voice even. “You just took me by surprise.”
Zayd’s eyes drop down to where my hand is as I try to pull out the USB stick. “What’s under your hand?” 
I swallow. “My USB stick. I was just downloading a recipe.”
“Can I see what’s on it then,” Zayd says coldly.
I pull the USB stick out quickly. “Surely, you’re not interested?” I bluff.
Zayd pulls my hand towards him and removes the stick. “Let’s just have a look, shall we.”
I watch him place the stick back in the laptop, wondering whether I should run for it but knowing I don’t have a chance. Zayd sees the folder I’ve downloaded.
His voice is harsh. “You need to start telling me the truth.”
I stutter. “I am.”
“Do you know what we do in Hanan when people won’t talk?”
I had a pretty good idea. I’d be tortured until I said something and then they’d probably kill me anyway. I needed to give Zayd enough information that he’d let me go but not enough to expose the operation. 
I repeat the story I’ve prepared for this very situation. A tale that incriminates no one but myself. One that I thought I’d never have to use. “When I started dating you, I was approached by the Mayland government. They told me they’d give me a substantial sum of money if I could find out some information about your father’s dealings. It was enough money that my mother would never have to work again. Her farm is having financial problems, and she needs the money. Ever since my father died, she’s struggled to run the farm. I wanted to help her. Raf doesn’t know anything about this.”
Zayd’s face is stony. “Keep talking.”
“The more I got to know you, the less I wanted to do it. But when you left your laptop open, I thought I had an opportunity to get some information without hurting you. I’m sorry, but I put my mother first.”
Zayd eyes me with disgust. “You were using me.”
I blink back tears. “I didn’t set out to.”
“And I thought you were such an innocent. Someone who wasn’t tainted by everything, but I was so wrong.”
I gulp. “I’m sorry.”
“Just go,” Zayd says.
I grab my things and run downstairs. The driver is outside, and I climb into the car. “Take me to Central please.”
My hands tremble as the car moves. What if Zayd talks to his father. My hands shake as I message Raf, Ori and Jamelia with our code word for danger. If something happens to them, it will be my responsibility. 
What if the story I gave Zayd doesn’t hold true?
I playback the chain of events over and over in my head, berating myself at every turn. I swallow hard as I contact Thomson. He trusted me, and I’ve failed. Before long, I receive a reply.
Move to safe house until we know more.
When I get to Central, I walk into the shopping mall and leave looking like a different person. There’s a bus to the safe house. A route that has been carefully planned out. The safe house is a small apartment far enough out of the city to be away from people I know and busy enough so that I’ll be anonymous. No one pays much attention as I enter the run-down apartment building. The key is in a coded box outside, and I let myself in. The apartment itself is sparsely furnished. It has three basic rooms, a kitchen, a living room and a bedroom. 
I sit on the sofa rocking back and forth, holding my phone in my hand, waiting for a message. Hours pass. I make myself a drink, but I don’t feel like eating. The kitchen has a few basics. Enough to live on for a short time. Eventually, a coded message arrives. 
Stay where you are. Will know more tomorrow. Thomson.
I bring the duvet from the bed and huddle under it on the sofa. Then I put the television on. 
Images of the president are all over the news, so I switch it off. All it does it remind me of the mistakes I’ve made. I screw up my face, willing the tears to come, to feel some kind of release, but they don’t.

Chapter 30

A message arrives the next morning
Things are moving fast. A silver Mercedes will pick you up at 11 to take you to Faleem. Use the code word ‘Butterflies’. More details later. Thomson.
A large document arrives an hour later with detailed information on Faleem and what I need to say. The surprise is that he’s related to Adil. He’s under house arrest because he’s seen as a threat. Many people view him as the rightful president of Hanan. However, he had stepped aside for Adil.
At 11, a car waits outside. In my disguise, I give the code word, and the driver lets me in. I’m taken to what seems to me to be a large gated garden on the outskirts of the city. My guide leads me through the garden, under arches covered with vines and flowers. Trees overhang the walkways and flowers trail across the paths. There’s a large pond full of lilies, and a small bridge crosses it. Butterflies flit in and out between the flowers. It’s the most magical, beautiful garden I’ve ever seen. Now I understand the code word.
Faleem appears from behind a tree. His tread is almost silent. “You're admiring the place, I see.”
“Yes,” I reply.
Faleem waves his arm through the air. “It’s not so bad to be under house arrest if you live here.” 
“Why do they let you live here?” I ask bluntly.
“If they kill me, I become a martyr. If they imprison me, I’m a martyr so keeping me under house arrest, is the lesser evil. But come this way. I am a terrible host. You must sit down and enjoy a drink.”
I follow Faleem through the maze of pathways until we reach a large white house. Flowers grow up the walls, and there’s a large porch with a table and chairs. 
Faleem points to one of the chairs. “Please sit down.”
Obediently I sit down while Faleem pours me water from a jug with mint leaves in. He notices my gaze. “Mint from the garden.”
“You grow your own herbs?” I ask.
“Yes, I like to keep myself busy.”
“I’ve always liked gardening,” I reply. “But I’ve never been that good.”
“Patience is all that is needed,” Faleem says. “And I have plenty of time to be patient. Now you have come here for a reason. Tell me what it is.”
“The time is right for a new leader. The military is unhappy with the current president. The country is in ruins, people are starving, the nuclear weapons development has stalled, and other countries have placed sanctions on Hanan. I’ve come here to persuade you to be the next leader. They will accept you if you are prepared to take the mantle.”
“So you come offering me power. Why would I believe a young girl?”
“The fact that you’ve agreed to see me shows that you know I am more than just a young girl. This meeting was arranged by others. If you are willing to take the responsibility of running the country, you will have the backing of the International Federation of Peacemakers, including Mayland.”
 “Involving the military is dangerous. How do you know that one of the generals won’t just grab power for themselves.”
“Power-sharing could prevent that. Give the generals a vote on your government committee. Allow them to have a say in policies. As long as they are not ousted completely, they’ll be happy.”
“And what do we do with the president himself and his son? From all the newspapers, I would have said you were closer to getting engaged to the president’s son rather than exiling him.”
“As they say, don’t believe everything you read in the newspapers. The president, his son and his two closest advisors will be offered a place of safety outside of Hanan.”
Faleem nods his head. “I’d be interested to know what this place of safety is.” 
“The details have not been arranged yet,” I reply.
Faleem presses his fingers together. “You underestimate yourself, Layla, you are very persuasive, far more than a messenger.”
“Do you agree then?” I ask.
“I will consider your proposal. There is much to think about.”
I furrow my forehead. “We need to act quickly.” 
“Give me 48 hours. That is quick enough for such a big decision.”
I know the conversation is over, but I have hope. “Of course.”

A car arrives to take me back to the safe house, and as I get in, I wave goodbye to Faleem. He bows his head with his hands together as if in prayer. I’m not sure what kind of leader he will be, but I’m sure it will be better than what Hanan currently has.
As we make our way back to the safe house, I hear sirens and then a car screeches in front of us.
Two men in police uniforms drag the driver out and shoot him. I scream as he falls to the floor. I know I need to run, but I’m frozen looking at driver’s blood spill across the pavement. I didn’t even know his name. Then the men pull me out of the car.
“You’re under arrest,” the police officer says.
“What for?” I stutter.
The police officer pats my body checking for weapons and then pushes me into the police car. “Aiding and abetting a known rebel.”
My hands shake. “Where are you taking me?”
“Stop asking questions,” the police officer barks.
I touch the locket around my neck. At least I have the pill. I know I should take it now before they start questioning me, but I still have hope. I’m not ready to die. Slowly and carefully, so the officers don’t see me, I transfer the pill to my bra. 
We head to the outskirts of Hanan, where poverty is everywhere. Then I’m roughly pulled out of the car and marched alongside a concrete block with bars for windows. Women’s faces press against the prison bars as I pass. I’m brought into a room where two female officers search me again. They tell me to remove all my clothing and jewellery except for my underwear. I keep my face expressionless. 
As I’m taken to a cell, I wonder whether anyone will rescue me. Do they even know where I am? Will Raf be able to find out? What I do know is that Hanan keeps political prisoners locked up for years. I’m pushed into a packed cell with ten other women staring at me. 
“You’ve got a new friend,” the female officer sneers.
The women circle me and start pulling at my clothes. 
“I like your cardigan,” one woman says.
“Have it,” I say, taking it off.
The woman runs her fingers over the material greedily and puts it on. “I’m Mira.”
“I’m Layla,” I say.
“We know who you are,” Mira replies. “It’s the buzz of the prison. How the president’s son’s girlfriend has fallen from grace.”
I swallow. “Oh, right.”
“They say you betrayed him.”
I swallow guiltily. “Is that what they’re saying?”
“Yes, sweetheart, but don’t you worry we’re on your side. We’re not in here for nothing.”
“What are you in here for?” I ask.
“Now that would be telling but let’s just say none of us is friends of the president.”
I look around, and the other women nod their heads.
“How long have you been here?” 
“Years,” Mira replies. “There’s plenty of time to know my story.”

Days pass until it becomes a week. I lie on the top bunk of my bed listlessly. Maybe I’ll be stuck here forever. I hear the heavy tread of the guards walking down the corridor, and my heart jumps. 
“Layla, come with me,” the guard says.
I follow the guard to a room, and then I see Zayd. He doesn’t look angry like I expected him to be but concerned. He signals to the guard to leave and then we’re alone.
“Has anything happened to you?” he asks.
My knees feel weak. “I saw a man shot and then I was brought here.”
He steps closer, lifting my chin to look at him. “But otherwise you’re okay.”
“Why are you here?” 
“I’ve come to get you out of here.”
“Really?”
“Yes, I’ll explain in the car, but now we need to move quickly.”
He opens the door, and the guard hands me my watch and locket apologetically, and then we leave. I swallow hard when I see Mira’s face against the bars of the cell.
Once we’re in Zayd’s car, he explains. “I’m working against my father and have been for some time. I’m on your side, and I’m here to help.”
“So you lied to me?” I ask. 
“I just didn’t tell you everything.”
“You made me feel like I betrayed you.”
“It’s complicated.”
“I’m sure I can keep up.”
“When you were on my laptop that day, I thought you might be working for my father. I didn’t know what you were up to.”
“You say you are working against your father but in what way?”
“I think you need to tell me a few things first, don’t you?”
I scan his face trying to read his thoughts. Maybe this is just an elaborate act on his part to get answers out of me. I wasn’t going to give up any information yet, not until I knew more. “There’s not much for me to tell you.”
Zayd raises an eyebrow. “So you don’t trust me?”
I turn away and resolutely look out the window. Zayd has an uncanny ability to break down my barriers even when I don’t want them to be. 
Zayd sighs. “I’m taking you to the Erian embassy and then you can decide whether you want to talk.”
As we travel through the streets of Sidona, something feels different. There is hardly anyone about even in the shopping district. It is eerily quiet.
Zayd’s car pulls up outside a large stone building. There are soldiers at the front and Erian flags. So he wasn’t lying. He has been working for the Erians. I let out a breath. Erian is one of Mayland’s main allies, and I finally realise I’m safe.
I’m taken up a broad staircase to a room with oak-panelled doors. 
Zayd places his hand on the small of my back, and it feels like he’s burning a hole there. He nods at the guard. “We’ve an appointment with the Erian ambassador.”
The room is grand with large sashed windows. The grey-haired but young-looking ambassador moves across the room as we enter. He extends his hand. “Hi Layla, I’m Jake Kennedy. I’m sorry we’re meeting under these circumstances.”
His expression is friendly, and I decide to trust him. After all, what choice do I have? I shake his hand. “Hi.”
“You must be very tired, but I really need you to tell me what’s been going on.”
My eyes flicker towards Zayd, and he nods at me. I begin my story, internally cringing when I detail my involvement with Zayd. I wouldn’t be surprised if he hates me for all the lies I’ve told, but then he lied to me too.
When I’ve finished Jake Kennedy smiles at me. “Thank you for sharing everything you know. It will help us a great deal. Don’t worry, we’re going to get you safely home.”
Home means the compound to me, but I know he’s talking about Mayland. “What about Raf?” I ask.
“Don’t worry, he’s safe. He’s already on his way to Mayland.”
“He’s left Hanan already?”
“Yes, his cover was blown along with yours.”
“What about Ori and Jamelia?”
“They’re in hiding.”
I swallow. “Are they going to be alright?”
“Don’t worry. Things have moved quickly in Hanan since your visit to Faleem. Your actions started a rebellion and Ori and Jamelia are on the right side.”
“But Faleem didn’t agree to anything.”
“I think when he heard you’d been arrested, it set things in motion. There’s nothing like a martyr to bring steel to people’s will.”
I swallow hard. “There’s a rebellion.”
“Yes, in fact, there’s a military coup. Faleem just needed to say the word. There’s been a lot of unrest in the ranks.”
I try to read Zayd’s expression, and he knows what I’m thinking.
“Don’t worry. I’m no supporter of my father.”
Jake continues. “As we speak, there is fighting in the streets. That’s how Zayd was able to get you out of prison so easily. People are no longer prepared to put up with the current regime.”
“What’s happened to the president?” 
“He’s gone into hiding,” Jake replies.
My eyes widen, and I turn to Zayd. “It’s your father!”
Zayd shrugs. “Yes and I don’t want him harmed, but I know what he’s done. I know the suffering he’s caused.”
I bow my head. “I’m sorry.” I mean it on so many levels.
Zayd nods his head at me.
Jake watches our exchange before continuing. “I’ve made arrangements for you to be taken from here to the airport. Zayd will fly with you to Mayland.”
“Zayd is coming with me?”
“Yes, he needs to leave Hanan too. He’s a target here.”
“Even though he supports the rebellion?”
“Not everyone will understand.”
“Go now. There’s a car waiting outside to take you to the airfield.”

When I walk down to the car, my paranoia kicks in again. Is Zayd really on my side? Or is this just a big ruse to get information out of me. 
In the car, I avoid Zayd’s eyes. If he is really is on my side, I don’t want to hurt him more than I already have. 
The streets are busier than earlier with large crowds of people holding up banners. One banner says, “Free us from oppression” and it makes me realise how little I understood about Hanan. The glossy surface hiding deep-seated resentment. The people are only now able to express it.
 As we head past the shopping area, there are smashed windows in some of the shops. 
“Looting,” Zayd says. “People taking advantage of the power vacuum.”
I think of the poverty that I’ve seen in Hanan, and I’m not sure I agree with Zayd’s assessment. I can’t help myself replying curtly. “Or getting things they need?” 
“I think that’s being kind,” Zayd replies.
I don’t say anything else. I don’t want to argue with Zayd.
The sound of gunfire makes me jump. Men with scarves wrapped around their faces are holding guns and shooting into the air. I can hear the people’s screams in the background. 
“Turn the other way and loop around the residential quarter,” Zayd commands the driver.
The driver quickly does a U-turn, and we race away from trouble.
I steady my shaking hands. “Who were they?”
“They call themselves freedom fighters, but they’re not much more than hooligans. Hanan isn’t like Mayland. The new regime will still need to keep tight control over the different factions within society.”
“Right,” I say, feeling I feel a little sick. In my naivety, I imagined a free Hanan with a democratically elected leadership, but I’m guessing from Zayd’s comments that I’m wrong.
Zayd smiles thinly. “It’s not what you imagined.”
I sigh. “No.” 
Eventually, we arrive at a private airfield. A small plane sits on the runway.  
“Is this your plane?” I ask.
Zayd arches an eyebrow. “Yes. We couldn’t very well get on the next plane out of Hanan with all the tourists.” 
“I guess,” I reply.
“I would be lynched,” Zayd says. “And I might as well take advantage of one of the last privileges I have left.”
“Of course,” I reply.
As we board the plane, I feel a bit lighter. A responsibility has been lifted. I’m no longer the girl that has to spy on a president. I’m no longer living a lie.
There are only a few seats inside the plane, and all of them have tons of legroom. There are even a sofa and proper tables. It’s nothing like the plane Raf, and I travelled to Hanan on.
Zayd indicates for me to sit in the chair opposite him. “Shall we play a game?” 
I make a face. “What’s the game?”
“True, false.”
“Only if I’m allowed to abstain from answering.”
 “You knew who I was the first time we met.”
“What at the garden party where I did the treasure hunt?”
“Yes.”
“False. I’d seen photos of your father and his closest allies but not you. Why?”
“Let’s continue. Second question. You knew I’d approach you at the polo tournament when you went for a walk.”
“False again. I didn’t target you Zayd. At least at first, I didn’t. When I went to that polo tournament, I still didn’t know who you were until later when Jamelia told me.”
“So at least I’ve only got myself to blame,” Zayd said.
I shrug my shoulders. “I’m sorry, Zayd but I had a job to do.”
Zayd gets up. “I think it’s a bit crowded in this area. I might just sleep over there.” 
“You weren’t completely honest with me yourself,” I protest to his retreating back.
“I didn’t lie about how I felt about you,” he says, sitting as far away from me as he can.
I don’t say anything to that because I don’t know myself what’s real and I’m not going to lie to him again. 


Chapter 31

When I see the green patchwork quilt of Mayland, I blink back tears. I’m safe. The pilot announces that it’s going to be an hour until we land, and I count the minutes passing. Zayd hasn’t said a word to me, and I know that there is nothing I can say to make it better.
When we land, Zayd and I are met by Thompson. He ushers us through customs, and then I see them.
“Mum, dad, you’re here.”
I run towards them, hugging them both and as I feel my mum’s arms around me, I can’t help but sob into her shoulder.
“It’s going to be alright,” Mum says. “Thompson has found us all a place to live on Mayland, and you’re coming back to live with us.”
I lift my head. “A permanent place to live.”
Dad’s voice cuts in. “It’s a beautiful cottage in the countryside on the outskirts of a village.”
Thompson cuts in. “Everyone thought you’d like it and we look after our people. Now Zayd, we’ve also found you a place to live, and I can take you there now.”
I wipe my tears away and wonder what arrangement Zayd has made with Mayland. As I watch him go with Thomson, I want to run after to him and tell him I’m sorry, but then I remember I’ve already said that, so I stand glued to the spot.
“Let’s get you home,” Dad says.

In the car, my parents tell me that Raf is well and he has also got a house not too far away. It makes me feel better that Raf is going to be close by. There is also talk that with the new regime in Hanan, that people on the compound may return to Hanan. 
I should feel happy that I’ve helped my people and that my parents are free, but my heart still feels like a screwed-up piece of tissue. Maybe once I’ve had some sleep, I’ll be able to put everything into perspective.

The stone cottage is like a picture in a storybook. It is perfectly proportioned with ivy and climbing rose growing up the walls. There’s a garden as well with apple and plum trees. Thomson is right, it’s just what I would have wanted.
A week passes, and I occupy myself reading books and walking around the village. I’ve never had so much freedom. I’ve accumulated a lot of money during my time in Hanan, and I treat myself and my parents daily to a cake at the village bakery. Slowly, I detail my experiences in Hanan to my parents, although I try to leave out as much of my relationship with Zayd as possible. 
Raf and I text occasionally, but it’s hard to say everything in a text. When my parents invite him around for dinner, I see it as an opportunity to set things straight.
Raf arrives with a bunch of flowers. “For your mum.”
Mum is thrilled to see Raf and hugs him. Apparently, they saw him a few times before I got back from Hanan. I didn’t realise what friends they’d become.
We’re ushered into the garden while mum finishes dinner preparations, and I’m glad to be able to speak to Raf alone.
“I’m sorry I left you out there,” Raf says as soon as we’re outside. 
“I’ve never thought about it that way,” I say. 
“They said that it would be easier to get one of us out at a time, but when I found out you’d been captured, I felt guilty that I hadn’t questioned things more.”
“Don’t feel guilty. You were right to leave when you did. I wasn’t mistreated in prison. Most of the women there were on my side.”
“But things could have been much worse.”
“Yes, but it doesn’t matter now. I’m back here safely, and so are you. Not only that we’ve changed things for our people.”
“You changed things. I’m not sure I really did anything.”
“Come on, Raf. Your intelligence was just as important as mine.”
“Maybe, but it was you who got close to Zayd and Faleem.”
I bite my lip. “I’m not sure what impact I had on Faleem, and Zayd was already on our side.”
“I hear Zayd is in Mayland now.”
“Yes, they gave him asylum.”
“Have you been in contact?”
“No, I’m not sure he’d want to see me given how much I lied to him.”
“Did you though?”
“What do you mean?”
“Come on, Layla. I’m not stupid. Even if you can’t see it yourself, I know how you feel about him.”
I sniff. “Do you think he’ll forgive me?”
“If he doesn’t, he’s stupid.”
“Thanks, Raf.”
Raf gives me a lopsided smile. “No problem just remember that I’m here if you change your mind.”
I link my arm through his. “If I can get past the throngs of girls at your door.”
Raf laughs. “Especially when I’m the next James Bond.”
“James Bond?”
“Yes, Thomson has recruited me for another mission.”
“In Hanan?”
“No, somewhere else but I can’t tell you where because then I’d have to kill you.”
I swallow hard. “Be careful.”
“Do you think you’ll do another mission?”
“I doubt it,” I reply. “I think Hanan was a one-off.”
“And you are kind of famous now, aren’t you? Not great spy material.”
I punch Raf’s arm. “Only in Hanan.”
“Still, you’re kind of the face of a revolution.”
“That’s a little far-fetched, don’t you think?”
“Maybe a little,” Raf grins.
Mum calls for us to come into dinner and I walk back in feeling that I’ve regained a friend.

Chapter 32

A few days pass, and I finally pluck up the courage to call Thomson. I cringe when I ask Thomson for Zayd’s contact details. When Thomson doesn’t quiz me, I know I’ve got off lightly. 
I attempt to call Zayd several times, but I just don’t know what to say. His address is in Hatton, the capital city of Mayland, about 50 miles away. 
A week later, I eventually pluck up the courage to visit. I want to see where he’s living even if I don’t speak to him.  I plan my route, order some coach tickets and explain to my parents that I’ll be gone for the day.
On the coach journey, I go over what I’m going to say several times. That’s if he’s there. He might be out, and part of me wishes for that. When we arrive in Hatton, houses line the roads. It’s noisy and polluted, but there isn’t the poverty that I’ve seen in Sidona. As we approach the centre of town, the buildings become taller, and there are large shopping centres. 
The coach station is grimy and rundown. As soon as I alight the coach, I see a homeless man with a sign asking for food, so I give him my sandwich. Perhaps Mayland isn’t as free of poverty as I initially thought.
My phone tells me that I have a ten-minute walk to get to Zayd’s house. It’s by the river. As I walk towards it, the streets become more residential. They are quieter and lined with leafy trees. The houses are centuries old and have an elegant design; Each one is a few stories high, with well-proportioned features, large windows and steps leading up to the front entrance. It doesn’t surprise me that Zayd lives somewhere like this. Zayd’s place is on a square with a private park in the middle. I walk up the steps to his house, which is clearly the grandest on the square. My finger hovers over the doorbell, but I don’t dare to ring it. I turn back around. It is enough to know where he lives. I walk over to the private park to appease my curiosity. The gate swings open and a tall man bumps into me.
“Layla,” Zayd says.
I flush red. “Zayd.”
“What are you doing here?”
“I came to find you,” I reply.
Zayd puts his hand on the small of my back and opens the gate. “Come into the garden.”
I follow Zayd through the entrance, and I’m greeted with what seems like a little paradise in the middle of Hatton. Oak, ash and lime trees create areas of shade and light; roses, rhododendrons, azaleas and flowers that I don’t know are planted everywhere. Zayd guides me through a pergola covered with white and blue flowers that leads to a bench.
Zayd takes my hand. “Let’s sit down. Now tell me why you wanted to find me.”
“I don’t know.”
Zayd’s mouth twitches. “You don’t know?”
I stare at my hand in Zayd’s. “I missed you.”
“So it wasn’t all a lie?”
“No,” I choke.
Zayd tilts my chin, and then he’s kissing me deeply. A thrill runs through my body.

Later, Zayd leads me into his house. As he makes me some coffee, I want some answers.
“When were you were recruited as an Erian spy?”
“When I was studying there.”
“Was anyone else recruited by Eria at the same time?”
Zayd shakes his head. “Not as far as I know, but I wouldn’t be surprised.” 
“What made you come to Mayland and not Eria?”
“Why do you think, Layla?”
I stutter. “But you were so angry with me.”
“I was, but that didn’t mean I didn’t love you.”
I absorb his words. “You love me, but you don’t really know me.”
“I think I understand the essence of you. Maybe not all the details. The question is whether you feel the same about me.”
I’ve mulled over my feelings for Zayd ever since I’ve got back and finally I understand it. “I love you too.”
Zayd pulls me towards him and kisses me again. 
When we come up for breath, he says. “Now tell me where you really come from.”



 
 













































































T











 







































