

Messiah’s Message
The Divine Commissions of Eli and Jasmine - Volume IV
By Donna J. Farris
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2011 Donna J. Farris
Ebook cover image copyrights: 
Unicorn Logo:  Zorica Lukacev - Gra - Fotolia.com
Heavy construction equipment:  Lee Prince - Fotolia
Jerusalem at night:  Yevgenia Gorbulsky - Fotolia.com
Kneeling man  Ivan Isak - Fotolia.com
Man holding young boy at sunset:  srnicholl - Fotolia.com
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Acknowledgments
Special thanks to Len - a professor who taught me endings are more important than beginnings.
For Micah
“For He orders His angels to protect you wherever you go.” Psalms 91:11


Table of Contents
Chapter 1 - A Prophet in the Making
Chapter 2 - Man Makes His Plans
Chapter 3 - Where is God When You Need Him?
Chapter 4 - Revelation and Discourse
Chapter 5 - Trouble in the Pit
Chapter 6 - Is it Worth it?
Chapter 7 - Living With the Pigs
Chapter 8 - To Speak or Not to Speak
Chapter 9 - A Battle Worth Fighting
Chapter 10 - Can Faith Move Mountains?
Chapter 11 - The Prodigal and the Prophet


Chapter 1 - A Prophet in the Making
“Who established the ways of a man? Who records his days before there were any?”
“Sir, you know,” replied the heavenly multitude.
“Before I formed them in the womb, I knew them. Before they were fashioned, all were written, the appointed days of their lives.”
“Marvelous are your works, oh Sovereign LORD of all!” declared Eli and Jasmine.

The clock struck midnight. Bells in the tower began to ring. With each chime Micah became more and more afraid but he did not know why. When the twelfth bell sounded, Micah’s heart was pounding so hard he could hardly breathe. He wanted to cry out but could not make as sound. Then a doorway appeared in the ceiling. A blinding radiance from another world poured down over his bed like dancing sun beams and wrapped his body in a blanket of living light. Then Micah woke up.

Micah Anthony Collins turned nine years old on April 15th. He remembers that particular birthday for two reasons. First, his mother made him a birthday cake shaped like a red fire engine. And second, that was the night his dreams began. Micah had the exact same dream every single night for twenty-one days. “What does it mean?” he asked his father.
“I’m not sure, Micah,” his dad replied. “You gave your life to Jesus when you were six years old. You read God’s word every day and I know you love Him with all your heart. Let’s pray and ask God to show us if these dreams are some kind of message from heaven or just meant to frighten you.” So Micah and his dad prayed and the dreams stopped.
A year later, on the evening of Micah’s tenth birthday, he remembered the dream again. He decided to talk to God about it in prayer when he went to bed that night. Micah turned out the lights and walked over to the side of his bed. But instead of crawling up onto the mattress, he got on his knees. Micah doesn’t remember what he said, but he remembers praying and then climbing into bed. As soon as he covered himself with the blankets, he realized he had not decided to get on his knees just then. Someone or something had pushed him to his knees.
All of the sudden he started to tremble. Wide-eyed Micah looked all around the dark room thinking, “Someone else is here! I can’t see them but I can sure feel their presence.” To protect himself from the invisible intruders, Micah remembers quickly piling all the blankets on top of his trembling little body. Then he hid underneath the covers for the rest of the night.
Micah still remembers the experience like it was yesterday. Especially since the next day his memory verse was Proverbs 1:7. “The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge. Fools despise wisdom and instruction.” As he thought about the verse, Micah wondered if God had visited him the night before to teach him a lesson.
“There is a lot I don’t know yet,” he thought, “but I know now it is good to have a healthy fear and respect for the Maker of heaven and earth.”
No one in Micah’s family fully understood what God was doing in his life until Micah’s twelfth birthday. As he was getting ready for bed that night, he heard his father calling out his name. With a toothbrush in his mouth, Micah walked down the hall and into his parent’s bedroom.
“Yah Dad?” Micah said.
“Yah what?” replied his father with a sleepy grin.
“You called. What’s up?” Micah asked again.
“I didn’t call you, son. It must be the TV down stairs. Your mom is watching a movie.”
Micah walked back into his room, finished brushing his teeth then switched off his desk lamp. He was sound asleep when once again he heard his father’s voice calling, “Micah.” He switched the desk lamp back on, got out of bed, walked down the darkened hall and knocked on his parent’s bedroom door.
“What’s wrong Dad?” he asked.
Rubbing his eyes his dad said, “What do you mean, son? It’s two o’clock in the morning.”
“But I heard you call my name. Is everything ok?” asked Micah again.
“I didn’t call you. You must have been dreaming. If you hear the voice again, pray and ask God for guidance. Now go on back to bed and try to get some sleep. We’ll talk more about this in the morning.”
Micah closed the door and slowly walked back to his room. “This is bizarre!” he thought. “First dreams, now voices!”
Sitting down on his bed Micah said, “God, I don’t…” But no sooner had he opened his mouth to speak than his bedroom door opened. And just like in his earlier dreams, brilliant white light came flooding into his dark room. Only this time Micah was wide awake.
In the doorway Micah saw two unicorns standing side-by-side. One was a huge silvery white creature with feathery wings and long, slender legs. Attached to one side of its muscular neck flowed a magnificent shimmering horse mane. And placed between two large midnight blue eyes was a single, massive horn. It was an awesome-looking creature!
The other animal wasn’t a true unicorn. That is to say it did not have a horn in the middle of its forehead. Micah called it a unicorn because of the two small wings hugging the middle section of the creature’s body. The animal was smaller and much less intimidating than its companion. Micah thought it looked more like a small pony than a mythical creature.
The smaller creature was brown-colored with a glossy, grey-brown mane so long it covered the animal’s front hooves. The creature seemed to glow with a warm sort of comfort, as if comfort was also a touchable, living thing. Looking into its golden, almond-shaped eyes, Micah somehow felt safe, as if no harm could ever come near.
The shining white unicorn stepped out of the doorway and into Micah’s room. The animal raised its head and spoke to Micah saying, “Highly Esteemed One. You have been chosen to see the things which were, the things which are, and the things which will be. All you see and hear you will speak.” Then the creature stepped backward into the light, the brilliant doorway closed, and the unicorns vanished.
At breakfast the following morning after hearing her son’s experience Sharon, Micah’s mom, said, “Son, I wonder if God has chosen you to be a prophet. You know, just like the Old Testament prophets of the Bible.”
Micah’s father seemed to agree. “I think that is exactly what’s happening. And like the prophets of old, once God chooses a man to be His spokesman there is no turning back. Micah, more than ever you need to commit yourself to the study of God’s word and prayer. Listen for His still small voice. Whatever He says, you must declare.”

Micah was intelligent, a quick learner and academically ahead of most children his age. He learned to read at age five. A year later, he was reading stories to his younger cousins. And he seemed to have been born with an unquenchable thirst for knowledge, especially about the Bible. At a very young age, Micah developed the habit of reading his Bible every day for one whole hour. It wasn’t long before he knew more about God’s word than many adults in church on Sunday morning.
Through the years, Micah’s parents did their best to nurture their son’s heavenly calling. But raising a prophet could be challenging at times. To Micah, things either were or they were not. Facts were facts, right was right, and black was black. Grey was for sinners.
His parents remember one particularly uncomfortable Sunday morning. Micah was sitting in the pew with his Bible open in his lap following along as the preacher read from the gospel of John. After the service, an older gentleman sitting next to him said, “My, my, son. You sure seem to enjoy reading your Bible.”
Micah said to the man, “I do. I read my Bible for one hour every day. How much time do you spend reading God’s word, Sir?”
The man became very sad and said, “Well, I am ashamed to say I do not read my Bible every day.”
Micah replied, “Only a fool hates the knowledge of God.”
Micah’s parents apologized to the elderly man and quickly left the sanctuary. “But mom,” Micah said later on that afternoon, “I don’t understand why people hate God so much.”
Mrs. Collins lovingly replied, “Because they don’t really know him, honey. If people took the time to actually read their Bibles, they would soon discover who God really is and would come to love Him just as you have.”
After a moment, Micah said to his mother, “When I grow up, I’m going to help people know and love God.”
Chapter 2 - Man Makes His Plans
“Papa, from the highest heavens they come,” announced Eli. “The Warriors, the Watchers, and the Healers.”
“Before the birth of time, you have remained steadfast. Loyal ones, Beloved stumbles in the darkness. They seek truth, but find it not. They have eyes to see it, but see it they do not. They have ears to hear it, but hear it they do not. They need your help to reach the Way of life everlasting.
Eli, Jasmine, and the innumerable host of Holy Ones replied, “We will accomplish all that is written in the Books of Life, Oh Most High.”

Before Micah knew anything about being a prophet, he grew up like any other active, imaginative young boy. When he was six, he wanted to be a fireman and drive fire trucks really fast. At seven, he dreamed of fighting pirates on the high seas, discovering buried treasure and rescuing fair maidens in distress. At eight, Micah wanted to be a pilot like his Uncle George, always flying around the world seeing new and exciting places. But no matter what Micah imagined he would be when he grew up, he was certain of one thing. He wanted to be just like his father.
Mr. Tony Collins, Sr. was originally a carpenter. In his early years, he built everything from rocking horses to magnificent mansions. Some of Micah’s happiest childhood memories were working alongside his dad. Micah helped his dad build barns, back yard fences and repair leaky roofs. He helped his dad build the best tree fort a kid could ever want. And once, when the family needed a security guard to protect the chicken coop in the back yard, Micah got to use the chain saw to help carve a large, wooden grizzly bear.
Micah’s mother used to tell him a story about a time when he was only five years old. “You scared us half to death!” she used to tell him. “Early one Saturday morning you went out into the garage and found one of your father’s hammers and a box of nails. You wanted to surprise him by building a bathroom shelf all by yourself. But as you were pulling the box of nails off the workbench, the box tipped over and fell onto the concrete floor. All of the sudden you found yourself barefoot in a sea of nails.”
Micah loved hearing stories about his childhood. He grew up in a big, two-story house near the Des Moines River in Iowa. The Collins family had lived in Iowa for generations. Micah remembers miles of perfectly square corn fields, the endless chatter and smell of turkey farms, wintery blizzards and lots of thunder storms and scary tornados.
When Micah was still very young, his father decided to start his own construction company. Over the years, Collins Enterprises, Inc., also known as ‘CEI’ grew from a successful local business into a highly profitable and well-respected international construction firm. CEI built schools, hospitals and churches throughout Mexico and Central America. Partnering with local firms throughout the Far East, they built hotels, shopping malls and fire stations. CEI had also erected theaters, museums and other civic centers in various European and Middle Eastern cities.
With Micah’s love for building, it made perfect sense for him to pursue a career in construction management. When Micah graduated from college, his father hired him to be the Project Manager for a school being built in West Des Moines. Micah did an excellent job, finishing on time and under budget. The owners of the project were thrilled with his performance.
Micah proved to be a gifted leader and shrewd businessman. He was a man of action and knew how to get the job done right the first time. It wasn’t long before his father offered him the job of Vice President of CEI.
“You’ve earned the position,” his father said proudly.

Micah married his high school sweetheart. Julie Madigan was the love of his life. She was a smart, talented, and gorgeous brunette with hazel eyes and the most beautiful singing voice Micah had ever heard. When Julie sang a hymn in church on Sunday mornings, Micah thought he was listening to the voice of an angel.
When Micah was four years old, Julie’s family moved three doors down on Elm Street. Micah and Julie grew up together and easily became best friends. Some of the other boys used to tease Micah about hanging around a girl, but he never gave it much thought.
As children, Micah and Julie climbed trees together, sold lemonade on street corners, built snow men at Christmas, and went swimming in the river during the summer. Micah even let Julie become an official member of his “Build or Bust” secret club and eat pizza in his tree fort.
At the Fourth of July picnic the summer they both graduated from high school, Micah asked Julie to marry him.
She said, “Yes! I thought you would never ask.”
With fireworks bursting overhead, Micah kissed Julie for the first time. In that moment, he couldn’t tell the difference between the fireworks bursting overhead and the fireworks bursting inside his own heart.
Micah always promised Julie when they got married, he would build her the house of her dreams. He kept his word. What else could a man in love, born with a hammer in his hand do? He built his bride a beautiful, two-story country home just six blocks east of her parents’ house. Micah looked forward to the day he could build a tree fort in the back yard with his own son.

One sunny afternoon in April, Tony Collins called Micah into his office. “Son, CEI won a bid in Israel. Looks like we’ll be building a new children’s hospital in Jerusalem.”
“Israel? Dad, that’s incredible! Who are you going to send to oversee the work?”
“I was thinking about sending you,” replied his father. “This is an important project for CEI. I want the best talent we have and that means you, son. What do you say? Will you go?”
Without hesitation Micah said, “Of course I’ll go. Who could turn down an opportunity to work in Israel, the land of God’s chosen people? And in Jerusalem…the holy city! Wow! What an honor it will be to build a children’s hospital for those folks, especially after all they have been through recently.”
“Great! I knew you’d feel that way. Here’s a list of the companies already on board. Most of them are guys we have worked with in the past. We still need to hire a few more subcontractors, but Zuriel ben-Hadar, our Middle Eastern Division VP, will give you all those details. I already told him you were coming. Sorry, but I knew you couldn’t resist.”
The two men chuckled. “You know me too well, dad,” laughed Micah.
“Zuriel will meet you at the airport. He’s made all the arrangements,” said the senior Collins. Then in a more serious tone he added, “Micah, I have feeling your involvement on this job is critical the success of this project. I want your hands-on involvement in every aspect of the work until that hospital is finished. I know you will do an excellent job not only for CEI and our clients, but for the Lord as well. Call me if anything unusual develops or you run into any delays. I’ll be praying for you, son.”

Julie was just as excited about the project as Micah. “I knew when I married an international builder there would be times of separation,” she reassured her husband. “Don’t worry about me. You know the family is just down the street. And besides, I’ve always wanted to see Israel. Maybe now is the perfect time for visit, hint, hint,” she laughed.
Putting her arms around Micah’s neck and giving him a kiss, she said, “I love you so much. You go build that hospital for those children and for the glory of the Lord. And make sure you enjoy every minute of the experience!”

The ten hour, transatlantic flight from New York to Tel Aviv was uneventful. During the overnight trip, Micah managed to get a few hours of sleep. By 8:00am the following morning, the Boeing 777 jet made its final descent to the Ben Gurion International Airport.
From the window in his seat looking south towards the city of Jaffa, Micah couldn’t help thinking about the biblical story of Jonah.
“Hard to imagine,” he thought. “From this very same ancient seaport, Jonah boarded that ship and later had his intimate encounter with a sea monster.” Micah laughed out loud as he wondered what kind of giant creatures might still lurk beneath those placid Mediterranean waters.
Micah was standing next to the baggage carousel waiting for his luggage to circle around when Zuriel spotted him. “It’s a pleasure to finally meet you, Mr. Collins,” Zuriel said. “Your father’s told me some interesting stories about you.”
“I’ll bet he has,” laughed Micah as the two men shook hands. “It is a pleasure to meet you too!”
During the forty mile drive up to the capital city of Israel, Zuriel gave Micah a status report on the project. “We’ve already hired a local man named Peter Massad as the Project Manager. He and his company are managing the day-to-day operations of the project. I’ve arranged for you to spend the day tomorrow with Mr. Massad and meet his team of architects and engineers.”
“Excavation of the underground parking garage should be completed in about three weeks,” continued Zuriel. “Once the grading and compacting are done, we’ll be ready to begin pouring the concrete. By the way, the owners decided to name the facility, the Rapha Children’s Hospital and Eye Clinic.”
Zuriel added, “Oh, and one more thing. I’ve rented a flat for you near the construction site. The owners are just about finished with some minor renovations. They assured me the flat will be ready in a couple of weeks. Sorry about the delay. In the meantime, you will be staying at the King David Hotel. It’s a five-star resort hotel with world-class accommodations. I think you will be very comfortable there until your apartment is ready.”
“Excellent! It’s going to be a pleasure working with someone as thorough as you, Zuriel,” Micah said confidently.

The King David Hotel was even more impressive than Micah expected. The hotel had richly decorated rooms, beautiful garden terraces and some of the best middle-eastern food in all Israel. And the view of the old city walls, ancient domes, Mount Zion, and some of the newer parts of the city were absolutely spectacular.
After dinner, Micah decided to go for a walk around a section of the old city wall near the hotel. He walked across the street and around the corner past the YMCA building. It was a beautiful slender tower constructed entirely of white Jerusalem limestone, like every other building in the city. The clock in the YMCA bell tower chimed 9:00pm.
As Micah followed the tourist signs, he became more and more fascinated with the sights and sounds of the ancient city. He continued walking until he came to a rest station not far from the original East Gate in the old city wall. Looking westward out over the city he heard a man’s voice crying,
“Oh, Jerusalem! Jerusalem! Eternal peace was within your reach, but you turned it down.”
Micah looked everywhere but saw no one. The voice he heard was so mournful, Micah found himself emotionally moved to tears. Without truly understanding why, he sat overlooking the city in the middle of the night and wept without restraint or shame.

Unseen companions stood on either side of Micah. Warriors of Light reverently bowed their heads and covered Micah with their shimmering wings. And a gathering of Watchers joined with the prophet as he entered into heaven’s ancient grief.
Chapter 3 - Where is God When You Need Him?
“They were so close,” said Jasmine sadly.
“I know!” Papa replied. “I was there. Mercy was offered. They chose war.”
“Will they be forever separated?” wondered Eli.
“Forever the Zelphi have watched. Forever they have recorded. They see all and understand all. They know what must be done.”
“My Liege, Victor and the Triumphant Ones, along with Galen and his Healers are in position,” reported Eli.
“Excellent!”

It was some time before Micah was able to control his unexpected grief. Emotionally drained and physically exhausted, Micah found a cab and headed back to the King David Hotel. It was well past midnight before the weary prophet finally went to sleep. 
The following morning, Peter Massad met Micah in the hotel restaurant for breakfast. Peter was a tall, thin man with dark hair and a dark mustache. He was intelligent, serious, and very dedicated to the project. Micah could tell he was a hard-working, down-to-business sort of man which was good. Micah respected hard work. But Micah also knew how to enjoy life. First impressions convinced him Peter Massad had no such perspective on life. Nonetheless, Micah was confident Peter would be professional and do an excellent job for the company.
After breakfast, Peter drove Micah out to the job site. It was a spectacular location on a summit overlooking the eastern slopes of the Jordan Valley. Like all construction sites, the area looked like a series of gigantic ant hills with men and machines scurrying about in every direction. The buzz of bulldozers, tractors, and heavy machinery was deafening!
Hydraulic excavators with cat-digging buckets dug deeper and deeper into a hole which would eventually become an underground, multi-level parking garage. Bull dozers scraped and scooped mounds of earth into a steady line of dump trucks waiting to be filled. Once loaded, the trucks slowly drove their heavy cargo up the steep dirt road and out of the hole. The dirt was then unloaded onto a piece of undeveloped land about a half mile away. Once emptied, the trucks made a u-turn and headed back down into the pit for another load. Micah loved watching the perpetual activity. It meant progress!
“Looks like things are moving right along, Peter,” Micah said with a smile.
“I hoped you would be pleased, Mr. Collins,” replied Peter without smiling.

As they were driving back to Peter’s office, Peter handed Micah a copy of the Jerusalem Post. “I thought you might like to see some of the publicity we’ve received. Two days ago the paper did an extensive article on the hospital, the owners, architects, and the builders.”
Micah opened the paper and spent the next few moments reading the printed article.
“Collins Enterprises, Inc. based in Des Moines, Iowa, USA, a leading international construction firm, was selected to build the new Rapha Children’s Hospital and Eye Clinic in the heart of Jerusalem. Mr. Micah Collins, Vice President of CEI’s North American Division, will personally oversee the project. Expected to arrive in a few days, Mr. Collins will take up residency near the site and maintain an active management role in the construction of the hospital until its scheduled completion in two years.”
“Zuriel ben-Hadar, Vice President of the Middle East Division of CEI told the Jerusalem Post, ‘The goal of CEI has always been to provide our customers with superior, hands-on service throughout the duration of the project, delivering our buildings on time and under budget. Mr. Collins and I are here to ensure the owners get what they paid for and the residents of Jerusalem get a state-of-the-art medical facility able to serve the needs of children for generations to come.’
“Partnering with CEI is Massad General Contractors of Tel Aviv. Owner, Peter Massad, will serve as Senior Project Manager.
Micah continued reading until he reached the final paragraph which stated, ‘This project will bring much needed employment to the city. Many skilled tradesmen are still required. Experienced local sub-contractors are encouraged to apply,’ said Mr. Massad. ‘Anyone interested may contact Massad General Contractors for more information.’”
“It’s a good article,” Micah told Peter as they were pulling into the parking lot of Massad General Contractors. “Keep me informed regarding the sub-contractors.”

After Peter had introduced Micah to the project’s architects, engineers and designers, he took Micah back to his office. Opening the door, Peter was surprised to find his father, Kadmiel Massad, waiting to greet him.
“Father! What are you doing here?” Peter asked coldly.
“Hello Peter. It is good to see you again, son. Actually, I came to ask you and Mr. Collins to have dinner with us tonight. Jason told me all about the new hospital project and the famous American builder. He thought it would be nice to have you both over for a meal. It was Jason’s idea, Peter.”
“Forgive me, Mr. Collins,” said Peter realizing Micah had not yet been introduced. “This is my father, Rabbi Kadmiel Massad. Jason is my six year old son.”
Micah shook hands with Rabbi Kadmiel and said, “My dad would be so jealous. Dinner at you home sounds wonderful!”
Peter did not seem as excited. Looking at Peter, Micah quickly added, “If it’s not a problem.”
Turning his back on his dad and looking directly at Micah, Peter said, “You’re the boss. Dinner it is.”

After several hours of appointments and project meetings, Peter drove Micah to Kadmiel’s house. It was a modest but lovely home located near the Israeli Knesset building in the western part of the city. Peter knocked at the front door and waited. Jason Massad opened the door and greeted the two men with a great big smile.
“Abba! Abba!” he shouted, lifting both arms upwards towards his father.
But Peter just patted the boy on the head and said, “Jason, this is Mr. Collins. Where’s your grandfather?” Then Peter walked right past his son, through the hallway and into the living room.
Micah was stunned by Peter’s indifference towards his own son. Micah extended his hand to Jason saying, “Hello there my fine young man. It is a pleasure to meet you.”
But when Jason stuck out his hand towards Micah, his hand was pointing towards Micah’s left side. Micah reached around and shook Jason’s hand. That’s when he realized Jason was blind.
“I’m glad you came,” Jason said enthusiastically. “Nana’s been cooking all day long and boy do we have a lot of food.” Jason rolled his eyes and laughed.
“Welcome! Welcome to my humble home,” said Rabbi Kadmiel hurrying to the door to greet his dinner guest. “I hope you brought a hearty appetite, my friend.”
Micah was escorted to the dining room and seated before a table loaded with plates, bowls and platters of delightful-looking Jewish food.
“Grandfather, can I sit next to him?” asked Jason excitedly.
“Of course, if Mr. Collins does not mind,” said Kadmiel.
“Not at all! I wouldn’t have it any other way,” Micah said jokingly. “And my friends call me ‘Micah.’ It’s a good thing I am hungry,” he laughed. “I can’t wait to sample all these wonderful-smelling dishes. And I can’t wait to tell my dad what he missed.”
Everyone at the table laughed together; everyone except Peter.
During the course of the evening, Micah was served a traditional Israeli vegetable salad, bowls of green and black olives, hummus, pita bread and slices of white cheese, chicken soup with matzo balls and roasted leg of lamb. For dessert a lovely platter filled with locally grown fresh fruit, nuts, and halva was placed on the table. “It’s made from sesame seeds,” explained Nana.
“Whatever it is, it’s delicious!” said Micah.
Micah could not help but notice Peter’s silence during dinner. He never once spoke to his son. He never even looked at Jason. His attitude seemed to be getting more disagreeable with each passing hour.
Micah fell in love with Jason. He was a talkative, smart, kind-hearted young boy, with curly black hair and absolutely bursting with energy.
“When I grow up I want to be a carpenter just like my father,” Jason told Micah. “I know Yeshua will heal my eyes one day. Then I can build hospitals like my dad.”
“Sounds like a great idea, Jason.” Winking at Kadmiel, Micah added, “Did you know that when I was just about your age I said the same thing to my father? And look at me now!”
“Micah, I understand your new hospital will be called, ‘Rapha Children’s Hospital and Eye Clinic,’” said Rabbi Kadmiel. “Did you know ‘Rapha’ means ‘The LORD who heals’?”
Micah replied, “It’s odd you mention that, Rabbi. I had a very unusual experience the first night I arrived in Jerusalem. I cannot explain why, but I have an odd feeling it may have something to do with this project.” Micah then told Kadmiel the words he heard on the old city wall his first night in Jerusalem.
“You heard the heart of Yeshua!” said the Rabbi. “Israel did not recognize Jesus Christ as her Messiah when he came the first time. That is why Yeshua wept over the city the day he rode into Jerusalem on that donkey. And from what you have told me so far my son, I’d say you were one of his prophets.”
Surprised, Micah asked, “How is it you understand Jesus Christ was God’s anointed Messiah? I thought Jewish rabbis did not believe in the New Testament teachings about Jesus.”
“Most do not, but I do. I have come to understand and accept the truth that Jesus Christ was the promised Savior, the one my countrymen have waited for since the promise was first given to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. Jesus is the Holy One of Israel and God’s Messiah. Nana, Jason and I love Jesus with all our hearts,” revealed the gentle Rabbi.
By this time it was apparent that Peter had heard enough of the dinner conversation and could no longer contain his seething bitterness. “How could any Jew love God? What has he ever done for our people except brought misery and death to our nation for generations?”
“Papa, that’s not true,” said Jason beginning to cry. “Yeshua healed many Jewish people and made them well just like he’s going to heal my eyes one day.”
“Actually Jesus…” Micah started to say, but he was abruptly interrupted by Peter.
“God does not heal anyone! Not then. Not now. Things are what they are. That’s it!” Peter stated bluntly. He then pushed his chair away from the table and stormed out the back door and onto the open veranda.
Rabbi Kadmiel said, “Micah, please forgive my son. He does not really mean what he says. Grief and doubt have found a home in his heart.”
Jason added, “He does not believe in Yeshua. But I pray for him every day.”
“I don’t mean to pry Rabbi, but what happened to make Peter so angry at God?” Micah asked respectfully.
“There was a terrible car accident. His wife was taken to heaven and Jason’s eyesight was taken away. To Peter, God only takes. He never gives,” explained Kadmiel. “Since the accident, Jason has been in our care. His father hardly ever comes to see him. Tonight was the first time in three months Peter has been home. We pray daily for him to be reconciled to God and to his son.”
Micah replied, “I had a hunch it was something like that. Such a tragedy can make a man’s heart very bitter. But Rabbi, I know God is in the business of reconciliation and bringing prodigal sons home. I will join with you in prayer for his return. Now, would you excuse me for a moment please?”
Micah quietly left the room and went out to join Peter. Still looking out over the city, Peter said, “I suppose my father told you what happened, so you tell me. Why would the God of Israel allow such terrible things to happen to His ‘Chosen people’? If God is so good, why did he take my wife? If God is so loving, why does he leave my son blind? The doctor’s said they may be able to help him but the eye surgeries would cost hundreds of thousands of dollars. Where am I supposed to get that kind of money? God says ‘Trust me. I will take care of you.’ Then he grinds you into the ground in agony and pain. Such a God does not deserve to be loved or worshipped.”
Micah started to reply but putting up his hand, Peter interrupted Micah once again. “Look, Mr. Collins. With all due respect, you hired me to do a job not listen to your religious views. We both have a full day’s work ahead of us tomorrow. Please say your ‘goodbyes’ to my family now. I’ll meet you in the car.” Peter then turned and walked out of the house.
Micah collected his jacket and warmly thanked his gracious hosts. “Nana, the meal was spectacular! I may have entered your home hungry, but I leave with a full stomach and a heart overflowing with the warmth of your hospitality. Rabbi Kadmiel, I hope I have the pleasure of your company again very soon.”
Then taking Jason firmly by the hand Micah said, “And Shalom to you my new-found friend!”

Neither man spoke during the drive back to the King David Hotel. The minute Micah returned to his room, he called his wife. After listening to Micah’s concerns Julie said, “You know Honey, I had a very disturbing dream. Dozens of children were crying out in pain and then there was silence. I can’t put my finger on it, but something tells me there’s more going on with Peter Massad than meets the eye. Just keep both eyes on him and be careful, ok?”

The following day, Mr. Tobias Amir arrived at the corporate office of Massad General Contractors for his 11:00 am appointment with Peter Massad.
“After reviewing all business proposals, your company was selected as having submitted the lowest bid. Therefore my boss would like to offer Amir and Associates the job of pouring the concrete for the Rapha Children’s Hospital and parking garage,” stated Peter.
“Thank you, Mr. Massad,” Tobias replied half smiling. “I assure you, our partnership on this project will be very rewarding. In fact, I guarantee it!”
“Fine,” Peter replied flatly. “I took the liberty of preparing the contracts. My secretary has the documents at her desk. You can review them in the conference room. If there are no additional questions, please return your signed copies to her and she will mail you a fully executed agreement. We’ll let you know when the site is ready. Good day.”
Peter abruptly dismissed Tobias then closed the door to his office. “I know CEI is trying to save money, but I wonder if they have any idea who we just hired,” thought Peter.
“Where is it? I know I kept a copy around here somewhere,” he muttered.
Shuffling through a stack of old newspapers on his credenza, Peter found what he was looking for. An article on the second page of the Jerusalem Post stated, “Investigators are still looking for clues into last week’s collapse of a newly constructed parking garage in Tel Aviv. No criminal charges have been filed as yet, but authorities are still investigating Amir and Associates, the concrete contractor, in connection with the disaster.”

Peter could not see the invisible, dark companions which accompanied Tobias Amir in and out of his office. He could not see the wicked forces beginning to take up positions around his own building. And Peter had no way of knowing who or what had just been dispatched to the hospital construction site. Commander Deobolas knew. So did the Zelphi.
Chapter 4 - Revelation and Discourse
“Oh Papa, forgive them. They understand not what they say,” pleaded Eli and Jasmine.
“I know and I already have, remember?” Papa reminded the Listening Ones.
“Such pain is the work of the evil Prince Roz, esteemed in hell but despised in heaven. He has tormented the Rose of Sharon from the beginning. Idolatry is his delight; destruction his specialty. His unholy comrades are never far behind. On the rise against the Beloved are Commander Deobolas and his demons of Compromise and Greed. Captain Lyar travels with him accompanied by the twins of hell:  Doubt and Deceit; Guilt and Condemnation. To your posts, my Faithful Ones!” ordered Papa.

A week later, Micah had just stepped out of the shower and was getting ready for bed when he heard the clock in the YMCA tower across the street chime 10:00pm. He set his alarm for 6:00am then picked up his Bible. He read his life verse in Micah 6:8.
“He has told you, O man, what is good; and what does the LORD require of you, but to do justice, to love kindness, and to walk humbly with your God.”
Micah loved verses like this one. “Clear, concise, and correct!” he used to say to his dad laughing.
After praying for the Massad family, Micah switched off the lamp by his bed. Just then he heard what sounded like the balcony door being unlocked. Turning to investigate, Micah saw the draperies in front of the sliding glass door slowly open.
“Someone’s trying to break into the room from the veranda!” he thought. But once the curtains were fully open, Micah realized he would not be confronting a mere human intruder.
Blinding white light flooded his hotel room making it hard to see anything clearly. As his eyes began to adjust to the light, Micah saw what he thought was a pair of horses standing next to each other just above the black metal safety railing on the patio. They appeared to be suspended in mid air.
The creatures stopped for a moment as if deliberately wanting to enhance the impact of their arrival. Then both intruders stepped down onto the concrete patio slab and walked into Micah’s room. That’s when he realized they were not horses at all. They were unicorns.
Instantly Micah remembered his childhood dream. And like that child so long ago, Micah found himself frantically grabbing a hold of all the blankets on his bed. Pulling his multi-layered woolen shield up around his neck, Micah then sat wide-eyed and perfectly still. So many thoughts were bombarding his mind all at once that Micah had a hard time determining which thought came first and which came last. Finally he decided it really didn’t matter.
“Where do they come from? What do they want? My God, these are incredible creatures! Do they have another message for me? Am I supposed to follow them somewhere?”
In the midst of Micah’s colliding thoughts, the brown creature on the left broke the piercing silence. Taking one step toward the bed the animal said, “Micah, do not be afraid! We are servants of your race. We have been sent to give you understanding and courage.”
Micah was glad it was the smaller animal doing the talking this time. The one with the huge shimmering horn was quite intimidating. From its hooves to the tip of its horn, the brilliant white unicorn was easily eleven feet tall. Since the ceilings in the hotel room were only twelve feet high, Micah wondered how the animal was able to stand erect without ripping a hole in the ceiling. He concluded the creatures had some sort of power to make rooms larger than normal to accommodate their size.
Gathering all the courage he possessed, Micah said, “But who, or should I say, ‘what’, are you? Are you angels sent from God?”
The small brown one laughed and said, “My name is Jasmine. The one with the frightfully large horn between his eyes is my brother, Eli. And I believe you were expecting us, is that not true, Dear One?”
“Well when I was a young boy, I dreamed animals like you came into my bedroom and spoke to me. Are you those same animals?” Micah asked.
Tossing his head up and down, Eli stomped one hoof on the tile floor and shouted, “Excellent! I think he’s got it! What a refreshing change.”
Jasmine continued. “Since your first breath of terrestrial air, we have been by your side. We stood beside you when you knelt in reverent respect before the Holy One of Israel. We wrapped you in shining robes of heaven’s righteous light. And we delivered your prophetic commission as instructed.”
“I don’t understand. The Bible has a lot to say about angels. But you are unicorns,” Micah said cautiously. “The Bible never says anything about unicorns.”
Winking at Jasmine, Eli replied, “Is there a difference?”
Looking at Jasmine Micah replied, “But where’s your horn?”
Lifting her head high, Jasmine rubbed her warm, moist nose lovingly against Eli’s forehead and smiled. “Oh, Papa’s ways are so exciting. One just never knows what he’s got up his sleeve. But it is forever good and always perfect.”
“Papa? Who’s Papa?” asked Micah.
“The message is this, Dear One,” replied Eli ignoring Micah’s questions. “Trust God! He will give knowledge of things past. He will give understanding of things present. He will reveal things to come. Take no thought for yourself. Declare His words no matter what the cost.”
“Ok,” said Micah. “That is pretty clear. I think I understand. But I have always been curious. Are the visions of things to come certain, or can they be altered?”
Eli lowered his great head and tilted it slightly so Micah could look straight into one of his huge midnight blue eyes. “God watches. God hears. God knows. Man chooses, but the destiny of all life remains in His hand.”
“But you haven’t answered my question,” replied Micah more boldly. “You are speaking in riddles! Can the events of the future be changed or are they set in concrete?”
Lifting his head to heaven and stamping the floor again, Eli said firmly, “It is enough!”
Turning to leave Eli added, “Remember. Trust Papa at all times!” Those were the last words of the glistening white unicorn.
“Be very courageous Dear One,” said Jasmine gently. “And remember, we are with you always, even until the end of all ages.”
The small brown unicorn then extended her wings and tenderly embraced Micah’s entire body, still hiding behind his feeble woolen shield. As her feathery wings touched the top of his head, Micah felt something like a jolt of electricity surge through his body. The next moment he felt as if his soul was being filled with a courageous new strength entirely impossible to describe. Micah felt as if he could now single-handedly conquer armies and slay giants like Israel’s King David of old.
Both animals then turned and walked back out onto the veranda. Micah waited for them to extend their wings and fly away. “I can’t wait to see this!” he thought.
But instead, the brilliant pathway reappeared over the patio railing. Micah watched as both creatures walked majestically into the starry sky on a supernatural carpet of light and disappeared somewhere beyond Micah’s range of vision.
“Wow!” he said out loud. “I can’t wait to tell dad about this vision!”

As he got back into bed, Micah was unaware of the Warrior and the Healer stationed on either side. Micah was also unaware of the Watchers still recording from the veranda outdoors.
Chapter 5 - Trouble in the Pit
“Hoards of wicked ones have left their dark abode. Commander Deobolas is amassing troops throughout the beloved city,” reported Eli. “The Watchers record his troops are now in full control of the hospital construction site, as well as Amir and his people. Wicked ones are at this moment attempting to secure territory around the entire Massad family, having been spotted as far as Tel Aviv. What are your orders, Sir?”
“Lieutenant Galen understands the threat. He knows what is at stake. The Healers will respond accordingly when the time is right,” was Papa’s confident edict.

“Assemble the legions as instructed,” commanded Deobolas. “Our orders are not to strike until all troops have arrived and target is ready. Until then, avoid direct confrontation with the Warriors of Light. Make certain all are in place my brethren, then let us await our moment.”
Thousands of hellish warriors responded in one accord, “As you have spoken, oh Dark One, let it be written.”
“Captain Lyar, you have your assignment and know exactly where to position your forces. I know I can depend upon your skillful weapons of war to extinguish all opposition.
“Your desires are my delight.” replied the wicked Captain. “So shall it be done!”

Much had happened in the two short weeks since Micah had arrived in Jerusalem. He could not fully explain it but he knew his presence on this project was no accident. The voices, the visions and Peter’s accident were hardly random events. Micah was convinced something big was happening. He just wished those two unicorns had been more specific.
It had been a week since dinner at the Massad’s. Micah thought it might be helpful to give Peter some time and space to put behind him the personal confrontation which had previously occurred between the two men. So for the time being, Micah decided to send any business correspondence for Peter through Zuriel’s office. Micah concentrated his efforts on reviewing the final designs for the above ground facilities and on some newly identified utility coordination problems with Massad’s electrical engineers.

Monday morning of the third week, Peter informed Zuriel the city inspectors would be on site Tuesday morning. Peter was confident there would be no concerns and the site would be ready to begin compaction the following day.
“Motor graders and watering trucks will be arriving Tuesday afternoon,” Peter told Zuriel. “They’ll be ready to roll bright and early Wednesday morning. If all goes well, Amir and Associates will begin pouring concrete this time next week. All three levels of the parking garage should be completed by July 15th. That puts us right on schedule to begin above ground construction.”

Zuriel called Micah with the update. “Excellent!” replied Micah. “Dad will be pleased to hear the news.”
Tuesday morning, Micah and Zuriel met with Peter and the inspectors on site. Everything was in order and the city gave CEI a green light to begin ground compaction.
“Give Amir’s company the go ahead and make sure those concrete pump trucks are ready to roll next week,” Micah instructed Peter.
Micah and Zuriel went back to the office to review the budget and some legal agreements. Zuriel also had a stack of invoices he wanted Micah to review.
“And last but not least,” Zuriel concluded, “We received a bill today from Amir and Associates for the concrete. Check out the total amount of the invoice.”
“That’s twice as much as the original bid!” Micah said loudly. “What’s their problem?”
“I’m not sure but I wanted to make you aware of the situation,” replied Zuriel. “They haven’t delivered an ounce of concrete yet and they’re already asking for payment in full within 10 days. I tried to reach Peter but his phone went to voice mail. I told him to call me as soon as possible. If I don’t hear from him soon, I’ll drive back out to the job site. He’s going to stick around out there until all the compacting equipment has been delivered. I’ll call you as soon as I have an answer.”

Around two o’clock that afternoon, the caterpillar graders, rollers, and watering trucks arrived. Peter directed the trucks to park in the vehicle yard at the southwest corner of the lot. Peter had not eaten anything since breakfast and was starving. He decided to grab a quick hamburger and stop for gas before returning for his on-site meeting with Tobias Amir later that evening. While the gas was pumping, Peter called Zuriel.
“What is it?” he said hurriedly.
“Can you explain why Amir and Associates has already submitted an invoice for twice their original bid?” quizzed Zuriel.
“Mr. Amir and I discussed some minor increases but nothing significant. I’m meeting with him and his foreman this evening in the hole. Just some routine issues to review. I’ll discuss the invoice with him and call you back,” promised Peter.
When Peter’s tank was full, he went to the ATM machine and inserted his credit card. As the payment transaction was being authorized, a message scrolled across the LCD screen which read, “Buy truth and do not sell it. Get wisdom, instruction and understanding and live.”
“What kind of crazy advertisement is that?” Peter wondered.
As he was driving back to the construction site, Peter turned on the radio. At first he was listening to classical music. But suddenly the music was interrupted by a male voice saying, “I love you. Give your heart to me, my son and walk in the ways of good men.”
“That sounds like some kind of religious station,” Peter thought. He reached over and turned the dial until he could hear classical music once again. “Now that is what I like to hear.”

Peter was totally unaware of the Healing Ones escorting him back to the job site. He was also unaware of the unholy forces dispatched to torment him. But keeping their distance for fear of Galen’s troops, all hell could do for the moment was jeer and sneer at their prey as they followed high above. Winged warriors of light successfully kept the Dark Ones at bay until Peter arrived.

Peter drove through the main security gates at the construction site around 5:30pm. He had a few minutes to kill before Tobias arrived, so he picked up a mystery novel he had been reading. Turning to Chapter Seven he read the first sentence. “The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom. Only a fool despises instruction.”
Peter threw the book down on the seat beside him. He shook both hands violently in the air as if trying to shake off some kind of invisible ink that had stained his hands. “That’s the craziest thing I’ve ever seen!” he said.
After a few moments, he cautiously picked up the book again and turned to Page132. “When Susan returned home after the movie, the house was dark…”
“That’s more like it! For a moment, I thought I was losing my mind!” Peter said to himself. “Man, this project has really gotten under my skin.”
But Peter knew his anxiety was more than work-related stress. After a moment’s silence, Peter put down the book and whispered, “It was a year ago today.”
Peter closed his eyes. He could still see the images of the medical attendants as they lifted the covered, lifeless body of his wife into the ambulance, shut the steel doors and drove away.
“I should have died that day, not her.” He wiped a lone tear running down his cheek and stared blankly out the window as he waited for Tobias to arrive.

About this time, Dark Ones who had accompanied Peter into the hole joined forces with Captain Lyar’s troops already in control of the territory inside the pit. Embolden by their combined strength, Lyar’s troops moved swiftly against Galen’s warriors.
Lunging towards their holy opponents, unholy horns clashed, hooves stomped and hind legs kicked wildly. The forces of Light managed to inflict some damage on their dark enemies, but were quickly chased out of the pit, off the construction site, and north through the city. Confident they had thoroughly routed the holy warriors, Lyar’s soldiers returned to the pit to continue executing their devilish plans.
Now miles from the future hospital, Lieutenant Galen’s troops regrouped as ordered.

Amir and crew pulled onto the lot around 6:00pm. The sun was just setting when all three trucks drove down into the pit. With all the flood lights turned on, the three-story hole was almost as bright as the ground hundreds of feet above. The group did a quick walk around the perimeter of the hole then Tobias dismissed his employees.
“You have your orders. Get going,” he said. “Mr. Massad and I have some personal business to discuss.”
“What about our money?” shouted one of the men as he slid behind the steering wheel of his truck.
“I already told you. I’ll be in touch! Now get out of here before I change my mind!” Tobias yelled back.
When the two men were alone Peter said, “Tobias, my boss called. They’re concerned about your bill.”
“I expected such a response. But you and I know how quickly the cost of labor and materials can rise, especially in this city. Assure your boss the price increase is reasonable and necessary. And remind them payment in full is required before delivery. If they don’t pay, there will be nothing underneath this hospital except a loose pile of dirt,” Tobias said defiantly.
“First, explain to me the meaning of your additional charges for ‘Professional Services,’” pressed Peter.
“Hey, a man’s got to make a living somehow doesn’t he?” Tobias laughed without the slightest twinge of guilt regarding his deceptive demands.
“And what about the cement? Is it top-grade, or is it from the same source used to build that parking garage in Tel Aviv which collapsed last year?” Peter asked.
“Just what do you mean by that?” replied Tobias in a threatening tone.
“You know exactly what I mean. How much money did you and your partners make on that catastrophe?” demanded Peter.
“That’s a pretty serious accusation, Mr. Massad. But you know, since we’re already such close business partners and all...what the heck. We split the insurance money with the owners,” confessed Tobias freely.
“But people almost died when that three-story garage collapsed. Those parking levels fell on top of each other like pancakes! Cars parked inside were squashed like flies. People were trapped for hours under mounds of dirt and chunks of concrete. I brought with me a copy of the newspaper article just in case you forgot,” Peter said pulling the folded newspaper out of his inside coat pocket.
Tobias just shrugged his shoulders unconcerned as Peter continued his emotional cross-examination.
“Water came spilling out of broken pipes in the bottom of the hole. Investigators said the concrete foundations crumbled like sand. So tell me, how did you manage to collapse a structure less than a year old without any evidence of foul play?”
Tobias winked at Peter and grinned slyly. “Trade secrets!” he said sarcastically.
Peter could not believe what he was hearing. “But we’re building a children’s hospital you fool! If this garage collapses, innocent children could be killed,” Peter shouted.
“Don’t worry. You do your part. We’ll do ours. You just convince your bosses to pay our fee and then keep your mouth shut. If anybody at CEI starts poking around, you make sure they don’t find anything,” Tobias instructed his worried partner.
“We’ll fix it so that garage collapses long before any kids are inside. The insurance will pay and we’ll split the money fifty/fifty. You get half and we get half. I’m talking about millions of dollars, Massad.”
Reluctant, Peter shook his head slowly and said, “What you’re asking me to do is illegal. I could go to jail for a very long time if anyone finds out what we’re doing.”
Tobias continued his intimidation and greedy persuasions. “But they won’t find out so stop worrying! Just think about that blind son of yours. With all that money, you’ll be able to pay for those expensive reconstructive eye surgeries you tried to get for him last year. Remember? Imagine being able to give your only son back his eyesight…or…leave him blind for the rest of his life if you go to the police. But I don’t think that will be a problem. I knew we would see eye-to-eye on this deal the first time we met.”
As he listened to Amir’s plan, Peter heard a still, small voice inside his head saying, “Remember what your wife said? What would Jason think? What would God want you to do?”
But Peter replied to the inner voice of his own conscious saying, “My wife is dead! When Jason can see again, he’ll thank me. And who cares what God thinks! What has he ever done for me?”

Divinely shielded from the view of Peter and the demons now controlling the site, Lieutenant Galen stood beside Peter. Like a tape recording which is rewound and replayed over and over again, Galen continued to whisper words of truth into Peter’s ear.
But looking down at the dirt under his feet, Peter finally put both his index fingers inside his ears and wiggled them wildly, as if trying to dislodge the unwanted internal tape recording. He succeeded. The voice of truth was silenced.

Peter then raised his eyes, extended his hand and said, “Alright Amir, you win. It’s a deal.” The two men shook hands and Tobias drove away leaving Peter alone in the pit.

Invisible to those around him, Lieutenant Galen then extended his mighty wings, and flew straight up out of the hole to rejoin his expectant brethren.
Victorious, a horde of wicked warriors flew alongside Tobias’ vehicle as he drove out of the hole. With the Healers having been successfully driven from the area, Commander Deobolas and Captain Lyar were now free to do what demons do best.
Chapter 6 - Is it Worth it?
“Sir, Prince Roz travels freely, always watching, always demanding destruction,” said Eli. “How much longer will he be allowed in this world?”
“The Day of Judgment surely comes. But until the Books of Life are complete, two paths remain before wounded humanity. Guilt drives men to compromise. Grace draws men to redemption. Prince Michael has been dispatched. He will stand against the Prince of this realm.”

As Peter was walking back to his truck, the overhead flood lights in the hole went out. He was instantly plunged into absolute darkness. He could not even see his own hand in front of his own face. But it was not just the dark that troubled him. It was a kind of skin-crawling, creepy darkness that felt almost as if it were alive. It was the kind of darkness that makes grown men run and hide.
“That’s not funny Tobias,” Peter yelled back up the dirt road. “Turn those lights back on right now!”
Standing perfectly still, Peter waited a few moments hoping Tobias would have a change of heart and flip back on the switch at the main electrical breaker box topside. But nothing happened. Realizing he was on his own, Peter tried to concentrate on the exact location he last saw his truck. Making a mental note of its position, he decided the best way to get back to the vehicle was to keep the image of a clock in his mind.
“If I walk straight towards eleven o’clock,” he concluded, “I should run right into the tailgate.”
Guessing the truck was about ten steps ahead, he began to walk slowly towards his vehicle. Peter reasoned that the sound of his voice would help steady his nerves, so he counted out loud.
“One, two, three...Augh! What was that?” he cried out. Peter felt icy cold fingers touching the back of his neck and he thought he heard the sound of heavy breathing close by.
“Calm down old boy!” he said out loud. “This freaky darkness is just playing tricks on your mind.”
“Four, five, six…Ouch!” Peter felt as if he had just been punched in the face.
Staggering a bit, he shouted, “Who hit me? Where are you?” But no one answered.
“Seven, eight, nine...Ugh!” Peter stumbled and fell face down in the dirt.
Terrified, he screamed, “Who tripped me? Tobias, I swear you’ll be sorry!”
Peter got up on his knees and thought, “Ok, now which way is the truck? Let’s see. I fell forward so it should still be just one or two more steps directly ahead.”
Peter realized that in absolute darkness, it was easy to lose all sense of direction. So he figured he had a better chance of reaching the truck if he stayed on his knees. And he gained a small degree of comfort knowing his hands were connected to something solid. So stretching out his arms in front of him and methodically moving them from side to side, Peter continued to inch his way forward.
“Ten…eleven…Aahh! At last!” he sighed heavily as his hands brushed against the edge of something rubber. He guessed it was the rear tire on the driver’s side.
Peter stood up then carefully felt his way around the body of the truck until he reached the driver’s door. As the door opened, he was momentarily blinded by the dim cab light. When his eyes adjusted to interior lighting and Peter could see what he was doing, he quickly jumped inside behind the steering wheel and locked both doors. Putting the key in the ignition he looked up and screamed.
There on the outside of his windshield was a snake. It’s long, slimy body was twisted and sprawled across the glass from one side of the truck to other. With mouth wide open and fangs exposed, its’ head lay pressed against the glass right in front of steering wheel. Two bulging, yellow snake eyes were fixed on Peter. 
Unnerved, Peter automatically switched on the windshield wipers hoping the blades would push the reptile off the hood. That’s when he realized the creature was already dead. Although the wipers were not strong enough to remove the serpent, the blades did shove its’ lifeless body over to the passenger side of the windshield.
Turning on the headlights, Peter exhaled deeply. Much to his relief, a sense of security and courage were restored as the brilliance of the dual lamps dispelled the intense darkness inside the hole. With a large portion of the glass exposed, Peter was then able to see enough of the ground ahead to safely maneuver the truck.
He spent the next hour or so slowly driving back and forth throughout the entire length of the pit hoping to spot whoever had been tormenting him three stories beneath the surface of the earth. Though he saw no one, the mysterious, invisible voice returned. This time Peter heard the message loud and clear. “Get out of this pit! Get out now!”
“No problem!” Peter shouted out loud.
He spun the truck around and quickly drove out of the hole leaving a trail of dust behind him. But as Peter reached the surface he discovered the security lights were off topside as well. The entire construction site was dark.
“What in the world is going on around here?” he wondered out loud.

Invisible to human eyes, the moment Peter’s truck was topside Triumphant Ones sprang out from behind massive iron rollers inside the equipment yard. At the same time, Shining soldiers covertly buried deep inside enormous mounds of dirt shot straight up into the air like exploding stars. Other Radiant Warriors flew out of gigantic concrete drainage pipes where they had been hiding, awaiting the call.
“How foolish and weak is the Light! Such an assault was anticipated. Arise evil comrades,” ordered Commander Deobolas. “Defend what has lawfully been seized.”
In a flash, supernatural battles erupted in every corner of the construction site as wicked warriors once again engaged their holy attackers in an age-old struggle for dominion. Using earthen objects as weapons of destruction, unearthly combat sprang to life. Like miniature children’s toys, heavy-duty compaction equipment was tossed on top of advancing holy warriors. Bales of barbed wire were overturned on the ground to ensnare pursuing unicorn hooves. Holy winged soldiers were kicked against scrapper blades and sent tumbling over the top of watering trucks. Triumphant Ones were chased through office trailers and empty steel dump trucks. Long dark horns relentlessly jabbed and poked the glowing fighters, chasing them from one end of the site to the other. At every encounter, General Victor’s forces appeared to be outnumbered and out maneuvered.
In a final, massive coordinated attack, Deobolas succeeded in defeating his holy opponents. Half of Victor’s soldiers were utterly routed off site through the main security gates and driven west over the Mediterranean Sea. All remaining warriors were driven high into the sky above the earth, in apparent defeat.

Peter phoned the emergency repair number to report the electrical outage. Within minutes a repair truck was on site. Wanting only to go home and get some rest, Peter was forced to wait on site until the electrical repairs could be completed.
While waiting for the repair crews, Peter poked around the grounds in search of a metal rake. Picking up the dead serpent still laying on the truck, he threw the body into a nearby dumpster. The creature left a trail of gooey, yellow ooze on the windshield.
“Great!” said Peter sarcastically. “I just had the truck washed. Now I’ll have to scrub the glass all over again.”
The electrician had no explanation for the outage. Perplexed and increasingly frustrated, Peter decided it would be prudent to make one last loop around the entire site just to make sure everything was secure before he went home. The last thing he wanted was to receive an emergency call to return to the site just as he was crawling into bed.
With security lights fully restored and flooding every square inch of ground, Peter drove slowly past the row of construction trailers parked near the entrance. He then circled south around several mountains of dirt, drove past the vehicle yard, and slammed on his breaks. The inside security gates were wide open. One grader and one of the watering trucks, which had been delivered along with the other compaction equipment earlier that day, were gone.
Raising his arms, Peter cursed, “What the @#$%!”
Before taking any action regarding the missing equipment, Peter felt he needed to finish the site inspection. Continuing, he circled around another mountain of sand and abruptly stopped the truck once again. Directly ahead of him in the southeastern corner of the lot he found the watering truck. It was upside down leaning against the chain-link fence.
“That is the most bizarre sight I have ever seen in my life,” exclaimed Peter.
Driving along the eastern edge of the lot, Peter then turned and slowly headed northwest towards the entrance to the lot. That’s when he spotted the grader. It was resting on its side at the top of a mound of medium-grade gravel. The blade was sticking straight up in the air and embedded deep inside the mountain of rock.
Astounded Peter exclaimed, “How in the world?”
Peter then drove around the last mountain of dirt and saw another alarming sight. The gates to the supply and materials yard had also been unlocked and were wide open. Getting out of his truck for a closer inspection, Peter discovered that every bundle of stainless steel concrete rebar was gone. All that remained were impressions in the dirt where the bundles had been placed a day earlier.
“Is this what Tobias meant by ‘handling everything else?’” Peter wondered. “My God! The man’s crazy! What’s next?”
Peter had no choice. He called the police and then he called Zuriel.

Peter did not get home until 1:30 in the morning. Exhausted he walked into the bathroom to wash his face before trying to get a few hours of sleep, grateful his unusually challenging day was finally over. He turned on the sink faucet and waited for the water to get hot. The warm water felt so good on his weary eyes. He put down the wash cloth, reached for his toothbrush and looked into the mirror.
“Aaah!” he screamed. Staring back at him from the vanity mirror was the image of a huge, grotesque figure running towards him. It was a hairy black creature with two legs, two horns, a deformed nose and mouth and piercing black eyes.
Peter jumped back up against the bathroom wall and raised his hands to protect his face. “No! Get away! Leave me alone!” he screamed.

Micah’s phone rang at 1:00am. “Collins,” Micah said still half asleep.
“Micah, this is Zuriel. We’ve been robbed and the construction site was vandalized. You’re not going to believe this, but all the steel rebar delivered yesterday has vanished. Massad has already made a full report to the police. No one was injured during the robbery, but it appears one of the watering trucks and a scrapper blade were damaged. I don’t see any reason to delay the compaction crews scheduled to arrive this morning. However, we’ll need to get a heavy-duty crane on site to rearrange the vehicles. You’ll understand what I mean when you get out here. Can you be on site by 6:00am?”
“Count on it!” Micah assured Zuriel.

Peter did not get a wink of sleep the remainder of the night. He kept thinking ghostly figures like the one he saw in his bathroom mirror were climbing all over the walls of his bedroom trying to kill him. He had no idea how real they were.
At 5:30am Peter got dressed and called Amir’s office. “What are you trying to do to me, Tobias? Are you insane?” he yelled into the phone.
Tobias Amir was unaware of the demonic forces now in control of his every thought, word, and deed.
“Now you listen to me, Massad,” Tobias replied angrily. “A lot of people are counting on you to fulfill your part of this deal. You’ve got to get a grip and keep that overactive guilty conscious of yours under control. You can’t go bonkers on us now. Otherwise, you may end up losing more than you bargained for. Do we understand each other?”
“Are you threatening me?” Peter started to say, but Tobias hung up.
“What kind of mess have I gotten myself into?” Peter started to wonder.

Micah was dumbfounded! “How in the world could anyone move that equipment into such a bizarre location without being seen or heard?” he asked Zuriel the following morning.
“Good question but I don’t have an answer, boss! I’ve never seen anything like it,” Zuriel responded. “We’ve either got a very creative prankster or a lunatic on our hands!”
“Where’s Peter? What’s his explanation? Didn’t he hear or see anything unusual last night?” questioned Micah.
“He seemed as perplexed as we are, however he was pretty shaken up by the robbery. I told him to get some rest and come in later this morning. He’s been through a lot this past year and we need him to stay sharp,” Zuriel told Micah.

Later that morning, compaction crews began their work right on schedule. Motor graders with their huge, long steel blades began to smooth out the rough spots and fill in the depressions in ground at the bottom of the pit. Watering trucks began spraying water onto the dirt, while rollers attached to the caterpillars moved back and forth to compact the soil beneath. The ground had to be perfectly level and smooth before the steel rebar frames were laid and the concrete poured.
Around noon, two heavy-duty cranes were delivered to the site. The watering truck was turned right-side-up and the grader was hoisted out of the gravel pile. There was a gaping hole in the side of the water tank and the blade on the grader was damaged. Both vehicles were trucked off-site for repairs. Micah and Zuriel went back to the office. Peter stayed on site. Work continued throughout the day without any further interruptions or problems.

Late Thursday afternoon, Micah got a frantic call from Zuriel.
“Micah, get down here quick! There’s been a fire. Fire trucks and paramedics are on their way. So are newspaper reporters and a TV camera crew.”
When Micah arrived the fire had been extinguished and the area secured, but the site was anything but quiet. Emergency equipment and crews still scurried about checking for any dangerous hot spots which could rekindle the flames. Most of the rescue workers had already left. But as Micah was parking his truck, an ambulance pulled out with its red lights flashing and sirens blaring. He spotted Zuriel speaking with the fire captain and rushed over to join them.
“Micah, apparently the fire was caused by some sort of electrical malfunction,” Zuriel explained. “It started near the power poles, right next to the generators and then spread to the row of temporary office trailers. The electrical contractor’s trailer was totally destroyed. Two of their electricians were injured trying to contain the fire. They were just taken to the hospital with minor injuries but it sounds like they will both be fine.”
“Thank God!” exclaimed Micah. “Where’s Peter?”
“The compaction crews said he left the yard just before the fire broke out. He probably doesn’t even know about the fire yet,” replied Zuriel.
“Right,” Peter said. “Call me after you reach him. And as far as the media is concerned, CEI will release an official statement tomorrow. Until then, no one is to speak to the reporters, clear? I don’t want any misinformation floating around the city which could potentially jeopardize the project.”

“But I’m telling you I saw him!” Peter insisted.
“I don’t care what you think you saw. You’d better find another explanation when your boss comes knocking at your door. Your son is sure a cutie. I’d hate to see anything happen to him,” said the man at the other end of the phone call.
“You leave Jason out of this. I don’t care how much money you give me. It’s not worth it. I want out! Your guys are going to kill somebody! I will not be a partner to murder,” Peter shouted at the top of his lungs.
“There is no such thing as ‘out’, Massad. Now don’t call me again until you have my money and a delivery date.”
Chapter 7 - Living With the Pigs
“Once flesh and blood begins to journey down crooked paths, do they ever find their way back home?” wondered the compassionate Jasmine.
“You know the answer to that question, Dear One. It was decreed from the beginning. The end of wickedness is certain death, but the free gift is peace with heaven and life ever more. Their choice is their future. So it must be.”

It seemed to Micah that he had just fallen asleep when he was awakened by the sound of four bells. He looked at the clock radio next to his bed. Both hands were vertical. It was exactly midnight. He wasn’t sure why, but he got up and looked out of the hotel window. Across the street he saw the hospital construction site. A nearby bell clock began to chime. With the dull groan of every ring, Micah’s heart beat faster and faster. He was terrified but did not know why. Exactly twelve strokes rang out from the tower like the sound of a judge’s gavel banging on a metal bench as he declared the guilty verdict. Then Micah went back to sleep.
The following morning he went down to the hotel restaurant for breakfast. Micah opened the Jerusalem Post then quickly put down his coffee cup as he read the headlines: 
“Sabotage or shoddy safety measures? The jury is still out. Fire broke out at the future site of the Rapha Children’s Hospital late yesterday evening. Workers are blaming Collins Enterprises for what has been called, ‘unsafe working conditions’. One on-site electrical worker told our Post reporter, ‘CEI does not care about the safety of their workers. None of the crews on this project feel safe, but what can we do? We need the work.’”

“Which one of our electricians told those reporters such nonsense?” yelled Micah over the phone as he and Zuriel discussed the unfolding, now public, drama.
“Unsafe working conditions my eye! Nothing could be farther from the truth. Since dad started CEI twenty-five years ago, we’ve never had such problems. Whoever the guy was who spoke to those reporters, I want him found and permanently escorted off site. And set up a meeting with Peter Massad as soon as possible. It’s time he and I had a heart-to-heart talk.”
“Oh, one more thing,” Micah added. “Is there a clock tower anywhere near the construction site?”
“No,” Zuriel replied. “Why do you ask?”
“Never mind. Call me when you get a hold of Massad. Thanks Zuriel.”

“Hi, Dad. Good to hear your voice too,” said Micah. “Hey, it will take a few days to clean up the site and get a new trailer set up for the electrical contractor and their subs. In the meantime, I don’t see any reason to delay the compaction work in the hole. Zuriel has ordered another shipment of rebar which will be here the end of next week. Another week and we should be ready for the concrete. At worst, we’re only looking at a delay of seven to ten days, probably less. Then we should be back on track.”
“There’s one more thing, Dad. The concrete subcontractor, a guy named Tobias Amir, is trying to strong-arm us into giving him twice his original bid. He’s threatened to withhold delivery if his bill is not paid in full within ten days of receipt. Massad hired all the subs. I’m meeting with Peter this afternoon to find out what this guy is up to. Amir’s out of his ever-loving mind if he thinks we’re going to fork over that kind of money, now or ever.”
“Call me as soon as you’re through with Mr. Massad,” said the senior Mr. Collins. “I can’t put my finger on it, but I’ll bet he knows more than he’s telling us. Have Zuriel see what he can do to counter the negative publicity. Such lies could ruin our reputation, internationally and stateside. And son, put a security team on site round the clock. As crazy as it may sound, we just may have a saboteur on our hands.”

“Well, keep looking!” ordered Tobias. “And call me when you find him. Then I want someone on this guy’s tail 24/7! I don’t want our silent business partner to go soft on us and try to weasel his way out of our agreement when this deal goes down. Got it?”

When Micah had not heard from Peter by 4:00pm, he phoned Zuriel. Frustrated by so many unanswered questions, Micah asked, “Where’s Massad!”
“No one knows,” Zuriel informed Micah. “He’s not at home and no one at the office has seen him since yesterday. I’ve left several messages but he’s not answering his cell phone.

“We’ve lost him, Sir,” reported an apologetic Captain Lyar. “My troops were on him when he left his house, then suddenly he just vanished.”
“Imbeciles! Send more troops if you have to! They can’t have gone far,” ordered the bad-tempered Commander Deobolas. “Turn that city upside down if you have to, but find them! Do you hear me?” he roared.
“It’s General Victor, oh Mighty One. We suspect he’s hiding our prey. Sizeable numbers under his command are making their way to this arena as we speak. Sir, are we confident we have sufficient ranks to defeat them in open combat?” asked the worried Captain.
Prince Roz interrupted his Commander to personally address the assembly of fearful subordinates standing before him.
“Have no fear, Soldiers of the Most Exalted Sovereign King of Darkness. Their land is his! Their world is his! The very air they breathe belongs to him! Now, you have your orders. Go...all of you and trouble me no more with your petty, foolish doubts or you will join in their ultimate fate!”

“Prince Michael, we are honored. Your assistance is most welcome,” declared a respectful General Victor. “The Elite Forces you bring will be a great asset in this crucial battle.”
The Zelphi recorded the dialogue in the Books of Life then turned the page.

Peter returned home late Friday night. He was mentally and emotionally exhausted, but could not quiet his thoughts enough to fall asleep. His mind was still racing from the events of the past few days. Trying to relax, he switched on the TV hoping to find some boring late night talk show which would lull him to sleep. But he was totally unprepared for the television programming he discovered. It was on every channel. No matter how many times he turned the dial, he saw the same terrifying images – images of himself.
He saw himself dressed in filthy rags, barefoot and covered in dirt from head to toe. He had cuts and bruises all over his face and hands. Peter watched his image on the small electronic screen stumble around what looked like a dark, back alleyway. He fell, he cried, he got up. He tried to take a few more steps, but with every attempt ended up back in the dirt as before.
Peter watched as he haphazardly made his way down the alley to what appeared to be the city dump. The TV screen was filled with images of mountains of garbage, broken bottles, burning piles of refuse, old tires, twisted pieces of discarded metal, rusted cars, dead animals, and ravaging pigs.
Horrified, Peter watched himself reach into one of the dented garbage cans, pull out a piece of moldy green bread covered with maggots and begin to eat it. Immediately he vomited. Wiping his mouth, he walked across the street, reached under a pile of rubbish and pulled out the remains of a dirty mattress. Covering himself with a torn piece of cardboard, he rolled over onto the mattress and closed his eyes. The electronic image froze showing Peter asleep on the filthy mattress.
Peter threw the remote control on the floor where it smashed into several pieces. Jumping up off the couch, he ran over to the TV and yanked the plug out of the electrical wall socket. It seemed like an eternity before the grainy, electronic images completely faded and the TV screen was black.
“I don’t understand what’s happening to me. I must be losing my mind!” he thought. “It’s Tobias! No, it’s Micah! No...I know. It’s my father! They are all trying to drive me crazy!” Peter became so distraught he curled up into a fetal position on the floor beside the couch and cried hysterically until he finally fell asleep.
The only reason he knew for sure he had actually fallen asleep that night was because of the dream. It was one of several dreams which began shortly after the accident. In this dream, Peter saw a man walking towards him. He could not see the man’s face, only his hands. As the man extended his arms Peter could see deep wounds in both palms. Life blood dripped from the wounds to the ground beneath the man’s feet. Peter could see the letters of his own name carved into the flesh of each human hand. Then a voice said, “Peter, your name is etched within me. How could I ever forget you?”

“We’ve found him!” reported a thrilled demonic soldier.
Instantly, the edict went forth. “Destroy him!” commanded Deobolas.
From strategic locations in the olive trees across the street, servants of hell descended in mass towards Peter’s home. But before a single demon even reached the grassy front yard, a legion of Healing Ones had materialized directly in front of the advancing army. Encircling the entire perimeter of the residence with a flaming shield of light, Lieutenant Galen and his troops successfully held back the forces of darkness. All demands for the soul of Peter Massad were resolutely denied.
Chapter 8 - To Speak or Not to Speak
“Obedience is better than sacrifice,” Eli reminded his sister and fellow servant of the Most High.
“Brother, the Prophet will not fail. He is our faithful friend,” Jasmine replied with confident assurance.
“How great is the Father’s love for them!” declared the Surrounding Ones. “His mercies last forever! Blessed be His glorious name!”
“Arise, my Prince. The time to lead Beloved has come.”

Micah tossed and turned all Friday night. He was deeply troubled.
“Lord, what’s happened to Peter? Show me how to pray for him. And Lord, please show me why I’m here in the middle of all these bizarre events and what it is You want me to do. In Jesus name. Amen.”
Micah opened his eyes and realized he was sitting in the back seat of a moving car. Jason Massad was asleep next to him, with his head resting peacefully against the car door. Peter Massad was driving. Micah assumed the woman sitting next to him in the front seat was Peter’s wife. Micah could hear the two adults arguing.
Mrs. Massad said, “Peter, those men are crooks! You know they are. Why would you risk going to jail? We don’t need their kind of money. God will take care of us.”
Peter momentarily turned his head to look at his wife as he yelled back, “Enough already with this ‘Jesus’ stuff! I’ve already told you, I’m not interested.”
When Peter again focused his eyes on the road ahead of him, he screamed. His car was racing towards a large cement truck that had driven through a red light. He slammed on the brakes but it was too late. Peter’s car crashed head-long into the rear of the truck. Upon impact, Micah’s side car door flew open. He was violently ejected from the vehicle and found himself on a nearby sidewalk unharmed.
Riveted to the scene now unfolding in slow motion before him, Micah watched as Mrs. Massad’s body was thrust from the front seat of the car, out the passenger door, her twisted frame landing face down in the street. Jason was violently tossed forward and backward, but his seat belt restrained his body from being thrown out of the vehicle. He lay unconscious on the back seat, his body covered with blood and broken glass. Peter’s head had been forced through the wind shield. His forehead was bleeding profusely as he lay unconscious, sprawled over the steering wheel.
An instant later Micah found himself standing at the bottom of the Rapha Hospital parking garage. The ground was smooth and hard, and looked ready for the rebar and concrete. Micah noticed a large pile of cement sacks in the center of the hole. He walked over to the pile and read the name on one of the bags:  Amir and Associates. On the ground next to the sacks was a wooden sign that read, “Tel Aviv Parking Garage.”
In the twinkling of an eye, Micah found he had been transported to the front of a collapsed multi-level building. Huge chunks of broken concrete, shattered glass and twisted steel were everywhere. As he gazed around the rubble, Micah noticed a half-crushed metal sign covered in dirt. Picking up the sign and wiping away some of the dust, he read the words, “Rapha Children’s Hospital and Eye Clinic.”
A moment later, Micah heard organ music. He turned around and found himself standing in a cemetery. A long line of mourners were walking slowly behind a casket being carried by six men. Micah watched as the men brought the small casket to the grave side. Peter Massad was standing next to the open grave. Just as the casket was being lowered into the hole, Micah looked inside the grave. Lying in the dirt at the bottom was an empty brown sack with the words, “Amir and Associates.” Suddenly the mourners vanished and Micah saw the etching on the gravestone. It read, “Here lays Jason Peter Massad, Beloved Son.”

The YMCA clock across the street from the King David struck midnight. Being jolted awake, Micah sat straight up in his bed. He was covered in sweat and gasping for air.
“It was a dream! Oh God, it was all a dream. You have just shown me the past, the present and the future, just like those unicorns said you would. But God how does the hospital collapse? And what does Amir and Associates have to do with all this? And dear Lord, does Jason have to die? Is there no alternative? Why wouldn’t those unicorns answer my questions?”
Micah spent the remainder of the night weeping and praying like he had never prayed before. Early Saturday morning, Micah called his father.
“Wow! That is indeed an alarming vision, son,” said Tony Collins soberly. “But it makes perfect sense. I believe Peter is a man in a great deal of pain. He probably blames himself for his wife’s death and his son’s blindness. Grief and guilt often drive men to make unwise and hurtful decisions. And according to your dream, I suspect Peter has been struggling with greed for some time. His own conscious is tormenting him, driving him to make a choice between his lust for money and what he knows in his heart is right.”
“Micah, God is extending mercy and redemption to this man. We dare not stand in His way,” the senior Collins continued. Pausing for a moment, he then said, “The Lord has put us in a very difficult position. Peter is our employee. If he wants to be nasty, he could sue us claiming CEI uses their authority to force their religious beliefs on their employees. And since most people today don’t even believe in God, he would probably win in a court of law.”
Still deeply troubled Micah said, “But dad, he could ruin the company.”
“He could, but I don’t see any other choice,” his dad replied. “We really don’t know how Peter will react to a prophetic message from the God he has vowed to hate. But the response of the hearer is not the prophet’s problem. Your responsibility is to trust and obey. The rest is God’s problem. Give Peter a chance to respond. Then we’ll know better how to proceed.”
The senior Collins then added, “If this Amir character had anything to do with the collapse of that Tel Aviv parking garage, Peter may know something which could help the police bring him to justice. And as far as Jason’s death, I have a hunch Peter is the key to his own son’s future and quite possibly, the future of our hospital as well.”
“You know dad, I don’t think I want to be a prophet any more. It’s too painful,” Micah confessed. “I’ve never cried so much in my entire life. My heart was broken as I saw those images. I don’t know how God is able to bear the sins and sorrows of every person on earth day in and day out. I can’t! I’ve ask God to send someone else.”
“Micah, there’s no such thing as ‘out’. There’s no way around obedience. You know that. You must first make the decision to obey; then God will give you the strength to act. I know. I was in a similar situation once,” revealed Micah’s dad.
“God called you to be a prophet? You never told me this before Dad. What happened?” Micah asked.
“Some other time. Remember, God built CEI. This company is His and it is His responsibility to protect it. You speak what God has shown you. Your mother and I will pray that Peter is willing to hear and receive the words of the Lord. Call me after you’ve spoken with him. I love you son. Goodbye.”

Mr. and Mrs. Collins called their daughter-in-law. The three agreed to pray through the night for Micah, Peter, and Jason, and to pray against the supernatural forces trying to destroy the children’s hospital and the reputation of Collins Enterprises.

The tender Jasmine smiled at her brother. The Healer and the Warrior continued their vigilant watch. No wicked thing was allowed near the prophet and demands for his life fell on deaf ears.

After Micah ended the call with his father, he heard a still small voice inside his head say, “Take no thought for yourself. Your life is and will always be safe in Papa’s hands.”
Micah spent several minutes in prayer then phoned Peter Massad.
Chapter 9 - A Battle Worth Fighting
Eli then assembled The Warriors, The Healers, and The Watchers for a crucial final briefing.
“Papa has spoken,” said the powerful holy warrior, “and Prince Michael has issued new orders. General Victor, Triumphant Ones have been reassigned. They are to proceed directly to the construction site and permanently secure the entire arena. No dark thing is to remain or return. The need for warriors in Tel Aviv and the other targeted areas previously discussed has been confirmed. Dispatch your troops at once as recorded.”
Jasmine then addressed the heavenly armies assembled before the throne. “Lieutenant Galen, your Healing Ones are to take up their positions near the Eastern Gate, as it is written. Have my sisters in place by nightfall.”
“May I suggest Healers for the intercessors as well, Esteemed One?” Galen asked respectfully.
“Papa said you would offer. Their prayers are our strength. As you have stated, let it be done,” ordered Jasmine.
Eli concluded the briefing. “Elite Forces, you have been sent to strategic locations around the King David and the Mount of the Lord as planned. Once in place, you are to await Papa’s perfect timing.”

Heaven’s unseen armies were immediately deployed to secure the salvation of one man’s soul according to the words written in the Books of Life. Everyone understood Papa’s heart. All knew what was at stake.

“Mr. Collins. I’ve been expecting your call. I know I have a lot of explaining to do. Could we meet somewhere this evening to talk, somewhere quiet?” requested a humbled Peter Massad.
“Of course. Is the hotel restaurant alright?” replied Micah. “I could reserve a corner booth for shall we say, 6:00pm?”
“That will be fine. I’ll meet you at the front desk at 6:00pm. Thank you, sir.”

“Sir, Lieutenant Galen’s forces successfully withstood our troops at the Massad home,” reported Captain Lyar. “We were not allowed to lay a finger on the human.”
“No! He must not meet the prophet! How many times need I explain the threat?” roared an angry Prince Roz.
“Idiots! Incompetent fools! Must I personally fight every single battle to ensure the dominion of my kingdom in this world? Deobolas, blow the ram’s horn! Send the call to arms throughout my ranks and release those in waiting. I am no longer interested in slaves or prisoners. Kill them all!” commanded the vicious Prince of Destruction.

“The holy command has come!” Eli announced to the waiting armies of heaven. “Seize the moment on behalf of Beloved!”
Immediately, twelve brilliant doorways appeared in a circle in the skies above the future Rapha Children’s Hospital. Blinding light rained down on every square inch of the site, from the main entrance above to the depths of the pit below. Legions of radiant, winged unicorns of every shape, size and color poured out the heavenly doorways in a surprise attack.
As Triumphant Ones descended, thousands of glistening hooves sliced into the flesh of the unsuspecting demons. From inside trailers and concrete pilings; from dump trucks to bull dozers; from the bottom of the hole to the top of large gravel mountains, razor sharp horse teeth ripped apart the bodies of hell’s soldiers. Powerful holy legs violently kicked the adversaries of heaven from one end of the construction site to the other.
Without mercy, shimmering single horns of steel were thrust again and again into the sides of dark warriors. Suffering wound after wound, bloody and broken creatures of hell fell to the ground by the hundreds. Instantly, their mortally injured bodies dissolved into puddles of black ink. Their thick liquid remains slowly oozed through the dirt, descending into prepared prison cells at the center of the earth.
Realizing the magnitude of his defeat, Commander Deobolas ordered what few troops remained to withdraw and regroup at Amir’s office. Severely injured, the creatures fled to the skies in retreat. Hoping to strengthen his battered army with troops already in position inside the building, Deobolas began his search for reinforcements. But when his ragtag army arrived, Deobolas discovered Triumphant Ones had just taken control of the area. None of his comrades had survived the attack.
Desperate to escape the siege, Deobolas turned and led his troops north of the city, but to no avail. Heaven’s warriors easily overtook the retreating army, forcing them to fly south back over the city. The defeated army was then driven more than thirty miles south to the high mountains near Masada.
A battalion of Triumphant Ones were waiting. One-by-one, the fleeing soldiers were kicked through the air and down towards the edge of the Dead Sea. Greeted by yet another contingent of holy unicorns, the dark soldiers were immediately skewered, lifted off the ground and thrown into the salty sea. As their bodies touched the lifeless water, each one was instantly transformed into a unicorn-shaped pillar of salt. By the end of the battle, the shore of the Dead Sea was littered with hundreds of newly formed statues of grotesque-looking winged creatures.

In the heat of battle, Commander Deobolas somehow managed to slip away. Convinced he had successfully eluded his enemy, the escaping warrior found a secluded cave high above the desert valley floor in which to hide. Once majority of the Holy Ones had withdrawn from the battlefield, he then decided it was safe to seek more permanent shelter. Extending his massive unicorn wings, Deobolas cautiously began his descent down the rocky cliffs only to discover the powerful General Victor himself had been waiting.
The two mighty warriors faced off in a fight to the death. Soaring through the skies high above the salt flats the epic battle continued. With heads down and horns carefully aimed, the two soldiers charged. Sparks of light exploded like fireworks as their sword-like horns collided.
Positioning himself for yet another assault, Deobolas suddenly felt a sharp pain in his right hind-quarter. Turning to investigate, he saw the gaping wound and the black blood running down his side. Seizing the momentary hesitation of his severely injured adversary, General Victor turned his rear end towards Deobolas. And with a single kick of his muscular hind legs, the dark commander was rocketed into the hot desert skies above.
Unable to regain his stability, the wicked creature tumbled through the air then plummeted to the earth landing about nine miles south of Jerusalem, near Bethlehem. Without giving his opponent a moment’s rest, General Victor advanced for yet another assault. Again and again he kicked. His razor sharp hooves repeatedly sliced into the dark flesh of his enemy, inflicting wound after wound.
Then forcing Deobolas eastwards back towards the Dead Sea, the defeated warrior saw the bodies of his fallen comrades lining the southwestern shore. Mortally wounded, unable to mount a defense, the once-mighty Deobolas lay helpless as General Victor moved in for a final attack. Plunging his massive horn straight into the middle section of the dark unicorn, Victor then flung the creature into the middle of the salty waters. Commander Deobolas sank to his grave at the bottom of the inky, dead sea 2,300 miles below sea level, never to rise again.

“Sir, the hospital site has been recovered,” reported the victorious General. “Triumphant Ones also confirm they have defeated Captain Lyar’s army in Tel Aviv, however the wicked captain has escaped. In addition, Radiant ones eliminated two snipers, one near Nazareth and the other in a cave in Bethlehem. All cities are now secure.”
“Well done my faithful brothers,” stated Eli to his courageous comrades.

Meanwhile, Jasmine’s sisters surrounded the homes of both the Collins families in the United States. Healers stood watch as Micah’s wife and his parents continued their all-night prayer vigil.
Lieutenant Galen also dispatched two additional battalions of Healers to the Kidron Valley, stationing them on either side of the city’s massive Eastern Gate. No counter-offensive was recorded.

“So you see, Mr. Collins,” Peter concluded as the two men were finishing dessert, “Tobias Amir was directly responsible for the collapse of that parking garage in Tel Aviv. And I don’t know exactly how, but he is planning something similar for the children’s hospital. His men stole the rebar and started the fire at the project site. But believe me when I tell you, I don’t have a clue how they managed to move that equipment.”
“Tobias threatened to hurt my son if I did not get the money from you,” Peter continued. “I had no choice. I had to take Jason somewhere he would be safe. He’s staying with friends in Nazareth. I also explained the situation to my father. As a precaution, he and mom have gone to the coast for a few days.”
There was a long pause in the conversation as each man pondered the gravity of the situation they now faced. Finally, Micah broke the uncomfortable silence.
“Peter, it took a great deal of courage to come forward with this information. We’ll contact the police and make sure Mr. Amir and his accomplices are arrested. I’m sure when the authorities understand your willingness to cooperate with this investigation no charges will be filed against you. I’ll contact Zuriel. CEI will do everything in our power to keep you and your family safe until Amir and his men are in custody.”
“Mr. Collins, I was wrong to participate with such illegal activities. I know that now. If I had gone through with my end of the deal, I may well have been a party to murder. I could never have lived with myself if that happened. My selfish decisions have already hurt the people I love the most. I want to make my life better, but I don’t know how. You are a man of faith. Please, tell me what do,” pleaded the broken man.
“Let’s take a walk,” Micah suggested.
The two men left the hotel and quietly walked around the old city wall. Micah led the way, taking the same path he had followed his first night in Jerusalem. Once on top of the wall, Micah found the same rest station where he had wept.
“Let’s rest here for a while.”Micah said to Peter.
The two men sat down together only this time, instead of facing west, the men sat facing east looking out towards the Mount of Olives and the Garden of Gethsemane.
“Peter, I have a confession to make. All my life I have studied, prayed, and tried to live by the teachings of the God of the Bible, by the words of the same God who revealed himself to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. But since I have been in Jerusalem, God has personally taught me more about His heart for both Jews and Gentiles than I have learned in all my years of study. And you have been a part of my holy education. God brought the two of us together to teach us both a lesson about His great love, not just for nations but for individuals like you and me.

Jerusalem lay quiet and heaven listened as the prophet spoke the Father’s heart.

“Peter, hear the words of Jehovah, the LORD God, Maker of heaven and earth to you:
‘I am mercy. I am not some unfeeling deity as you have imagined me to be, detached, remote, never feeling the pain of your afflictions. I am not a casual observer in your world.
‘I was with you as you argued with your wife in the car before the accident. I was right beside you as the paramedics respectfully placed her body in the ambulance and drove away. I was there as my holy angels carried your beloved friend to her eternal home with me. I held you in my arms as you wept by her grave side. I heard your groans and personally felt your grief within my own heart.
‘I was there to comfort your son when he learned he was blind. I heard his prayers for your comfort and salvation.
I was mercy to you when you called me hateful names, accused me of cruel actions and swore you would never follow me.’
‘It is a great mystery, but Mercy was once in anguish just as you have been. There was a night I stood in a garden in the midst of the Mount of Olives and wept for my friends. I extended mercy, but they chose hate. Their hearts were hardened like yours.
‘Mercy was betrayed by close friends. Jealous leaders condemned Mercy to die in a phony trial of justice. Barbaric thorns and broken glass ripped open the flesh of my back. Mercy was nailed to a splintery, rugged cross. Holy blood spilled out onto the dirt beneath my pierced feet. I could have easily saved myself. I am God. I chose to save you.’
‘I am mercy and through my death, the full and just penalty for your sin has been completely and forever paid in full. No one else could pay your debt but me because I alone am God. Besides me, there is no other.’
‘My son, I did not abandon you. You abandoned me. In mercy I come to you now. I come to seek, to deliver, to rescue you from the fruit of your own bitterness. I come to set you free from the prison of your selfish ambitions and self-centered greed. Israel missed the Merciful One. Do not you miss me, Peter. Will you trust me to heal your heart? Will you come home before it’s too late?’”
Peter stared at the Mount of Olives in absolute silence trying to comprehend the words of the prophecy. All of the sudden his mind was flooded with a tidal wave of images, memories, voices, and choices. It was like a dam had burst inside his soul. In rapid succession, he remembered hearing his wife scream and the doctor saying Jason was permanently blind. He remembered the arguments with his father and rejecting the love of his son.
Peter remembered the ATM message, the radio voice and words in his book. He remembered the awful fear, the dead serpent and that all-consuming darkness. He remembered the handshake in the pit, the fire and the threats. He remembered the TV images and the pigs. And he remembered his name carved into the flesh of those nail pierced hands.
After several moments Peter turned to Micah and said, “The events of my life have not been a series of random coincidences. And they are not the result of a guilty conscious or an overactive imagination. These are supernatural events. God is here right now. He is with me. He has always been with me. I understand that now. I’m not angry any more. I’m not afraid any more. I want to stop running away from God and simply come to Him if He will have me.”
With that confession of faith, Peter surrendered his life to the redeeming love of Jesus Christ. Overcome with emotion, he buried his head in his hand and wept like he had never wept before. Cleansing, healing tears streamed down his face. Micah sat humbly next to the prodigal and prayed. So did heaven.

It was very late when Micah and Peter decided to head back to the King David Hotel. They still had about twenty minutes of walking ahead of them when Peter said,
“I know a short cut not far from here. There is an alleyway up ahead that will take us around to the back side of the YMCA. We’ll be at the hotel in half the time.”
“Sounds good to me,” smiled Micah. “Lead the way.”
The two men were just coming out of the alley behind the YMCA when Tobias and three of his employees stepped out from the shadows. Standing directly in front of the tired men Tobias said menacingly,
“Kind of late to be walking through dark alleys, isn’t it gentlemen? You never know what kind of trouble you might run into at this hour of the night.”
“You mean what kind of rats might come crawling out from under a rock, don’t you? What do you want Amir?” demanded Peter.
“Massad! Massad! Is that any way to treat a business partner?” scoffed Tobias as he firmly put his arm around Peter’s shoulder. “My men and I have been looking all over town for you. I don’t like double-crossers. Some associates of mine are anxious to see you. We came to give you a ride. So why don’t you and your boss just walk nice and slow towards that black sedan across the street and…”

Unseen to human eyes, four demonic soldiers stood beside Amir and his men. Having escaped the earlier slaughter of their comrades, the four surviving warriors were still in full control of their willing captives. Thrilled at the opportunity now before them, the demons danced about wildly, roaring in unison,
“At last! We are the victors! While heaven sings, we will crush their precious beloved. Then we’ll see what kind of song the saints will sing.”
But their hopes were short lived. As the dark warriors moved towards Peter and Micah, Elite Forces materialized directly in front of Amir and his three companions. Instantly the radiant beings, with the legs of a horse, the upper torso of a human male, and wings more like iron bars than feathers, encircled the startled warriors. Hopelessly surrounded hell’s would-be victors were trapped.
In a flash of blinding holy light, the earth beneath the demonic hooves gave way revealing a bottomless shaft. Screaming in agony as they fell, all four creatures plummeted down the shaft into fiery prison cells in the bowels of the earth, there to remain until the time of final judgment. Then as quickly as shaft had opened, the entrance to hell closed and the battle was over.

“I don’t think so! Everybody, hands in the air, now!” shouted a commanding male voice. Spinning around, Tobias discovered he and his men were surrounded by policemen with pistols in hand, aimed directly at Amir’s men.
Zuriel ben-Hadar stepped out from behind one of the officers, saying, “Shalom my friend! Good thing I got your text message in time.”
Walking over to shake Zuriel’s hand, a relieved Micah said, “Boy am I ever glad to see you! I wasn’t sure you’d still be up.”
As Tobias and his men were handcuffed and put into the squad cars, Micah, Zuriel and Peter walked together across the boulevard to the King David. It was well after midnight when they entered the hotel lobby. Peter and Zuriel said their final ‘goodbyes’ and both headed home. Micah checked the front desk for his mail then took the elevator up to his room. Closing the door behind him, Micah heard the YMCA clock chime 1:00am. All of the sudden he was overwhelmed with a sense of divine peace.
“And all is well,” he said out loud.

Eli and Jasmine stood reverently beside the prophet as holy love filled the room.
The Zelphi humbly recorded the words of life in the prophet’s book of life.
Prince Michael and his Elite Forces watched from the alleyway across the street, giving thanks to the Father above.
General Victor and Lieutenant Galen watched from atop the YMCA clock tower rejoicing with their holy brethren.
Chapter 10 - Can Faith Move Mountains?
“Carry the prayers of the Beloved in golden bowls from this room to Papa’s throne. Let their prayers draw heaven to earth,” instructed Jasmine humbly.
“All that is written, we will do,” reverently answered the Holy Ones.

Early Sunday morning Peter Massad drove back to Nazareth. When Jason heard his father’s voice, he ran to the door to greet him.
“Abba! Abba!” Jason shouted joyfully, raising his arms high in the air towards his father.
Peter scooped his son up in his arms and swung him around and around in circles, kissing Jason over and over again. Repentant tears ran down Peter’s cheeks as he said, “Please forgive me Jason for being so unkind to you. I am so sorry for the way I have treated you since mommy died. I love you son and I promise you, things are going to be better now. I love you my son! I love you so much.”
Father and son hugged each other for a long time. Then when Jason was back on his feet, he started telling his daddy all about the prayers he had prayed and about his continued faith that God would one day heal his eyes. 
“I know Yeshua will do this,” Jason shared excitedly, “because he told me in a dream, papa.”
Peter was amazed. “You have had dreams from God, Jason?”
“Yes papa. I even had a dream about mama. I saw her in heaven standing next to Yeshua. She was all better and she looked very happy.”
Remembering his own remarkable dreams Peter hugged his son again and said, “I believe you, son.”
Peter embraced Jason again and the two wrestled playfully on the living room floor. It was the first time they had laughed together since before the accident. When the laughter subsided, Peter thanked his dear friends for taking such good care of Jason then father and son drove back to Jerusalem.
Rabbi Kadmiel and his wife returned to their home later that morning and made arrangements for Peter and Jason to have lunch with them around noon. As the family sat around the table enjoying their meal, Peter told everyone about the remarkable prophetic words Micah had shared. He told them about his own visions and how God had taken away his anger and fear. He told them about Tobias and the hospital project. Then he apologized to his father and mother for the pain he had caused. It was a wonderful time of healing – three generations reconciled at last.
After lunch Kadmiel said, “Peter, the words Micah shared with you came from the New Testament, the second part of the holy Bible. They tell us a true story about a man who was born into our world. He lived and died and was buried in a tomb. But after three days he rose again from the dead, proving he was much more than just a man. He was God in human flesh. He died on a cross for our sins so we could experience abundant life in this world and eternal life with Him forever. His name is Jesus and he is Christ the Messiah, the Son of the Living God.”
Kadmiel continued. “In speaking of Jesus, God said that He specifically chose Christ to be the carefully chosen, precious Cornerstone of His church. God said He would never disappoint those who put their trust in him.
“Peter, Christ is the Stone that some of our countrymen have stumbled over. He is the Rock that has caused many to fall. They stumbled because they would not listen to or obey God’s word. They fell as punishment for their unbelief. 
“But Peter, you are not like them. You once stumbled; you once fell; you were once offended by him. But now you believe and Jesus Christ has become the cornerstone of your faith. You have finally come home. Welcome back my son. Welcome home!”
The entire Massad family spent the remainder of the day eating, talking, laughing, singing, dancing and hugging. No one wanted to leave the sweet new fellowship they had discovered. But when evening came, Peter had to say his ‘goodbyes’ and return to his own home. The family decided that since Peter was not yet ready to take care of Jason full time, Jason would continue to live with his grandparents for the time being.
“But I promise Jason,” Peter assured his son. “Somehow, we will find a way to make this work!”

Once again that night, Peter had difficulty sleeping. He kept thinking back on all the mistakes he had made in his life; all the people he hurt and how selfish he had been. Overwhelming guilt and condemnation returned to his bedroom like an unwanted visitor refusing to leave. As he lay on his bed, Peter could not seem to control his self-condemning thoughts.

When Lieutenant Galen had taken control of the Massad residence, one devilish imp had been permitted to remain. When Peter returned home that night, the lone warrior realized there was no escape and that he had but one chance to injure his human enemy before being destroyed by the Holy Ones shielding the residence. Rushing out from behind the night stand, the wicked imp quickly plunged his horn of condemnation directly into Peter’s head.
“So you prayed a prayer, so what!” taunted the liar. “You’re the biggest fool of all if you really think a single prayer on top of a mountain in the middle of the night can just erase a lifetime of failure and sin.”
The lone tormenter was allowed one stab, then immediately silenced as three Healing Ones leaped on top of the pitiful soldier. Mortally wounded when twelve sharp hooves sliced into its’ neck, the creature was kicked out the bedroom window onto the sidewalk outside. Upon impact, the wicked unicorn simply dissolved into a puddle of dark ooze and disappeared into the underworld below to join his already imprisoned comrades.

Peter lay awake for a long time trying to find the answer to the haunting question. He wasn’t exactly sure how this “saved by faith” process actually worked.
“Ok, so what does God do?” he wondered. “Does He pretend nothing ever happened? Does he somehow just forget about all the wrong I’ve done? Well…maybe. If I confess my sins, isn’t that what the Bible says?”
Peter wished he could be sure, but doubts persisted and answers were nowhere to be found that night.

Monday morning, Peter met Micah and Zuriel at the CEI office.
“The police called this morning,” said Micah. “The detective wants you to go down to headquarters today and tell them all you know about Tobias Amir and the Tel Aviv incident. Since you knew nothing about the CEI fire or robbery, and since you never gave Tobias any money, the police assured me no criminal charges would be filed against you.”
“And I am sure I have you to thank for that, Mr. Collins,” said the redeemed employee.
Zuriel then updated the two men on the status of the hospital project. “We hired another concrete contractor just this morning. Their professional references are excellent. The owner assured me they were able to work within our schedule and could start pouring as soon as the rebar frames are in place.”
“Thank God!” said Peter. “Project delays were my biggest fear. I am relieved to hear we are able to proceed on schedule. I don’t know how to thank you both for your friendship and support during all this.”
Turning to Micah, Peter said, “And by the way, my father asked if you would like to join us for dinner again tonight.”

After finishing another one of Nana’s now infamous Jewish meals, Peter and Micah walk out onto the veranda to talk. Micah could tell Peter was still very troubled. He silently prayed then waited until Peter was ready to speak.
“Micah, Saturday night was an incredible experience for me! For the first time in my life I felt like God was real and that He was with me. But I still have doubts about my past failures. I have to know once and for all. Can faith in God really move the mountains of garbage out of my life? Can faith in Jesus Christ completely remove the mountains of guilt and condemnation I still feel regarding the death of my wife? And will God answer the prayer of a spiritually weak father who is begging Him to restore sight to his blind son?”
After another silent prayer for wisdom, Micah said, “Peter, for a man in your position, those are normal and honest questions. And I am happy to say the Bible’s answer to every question is absolutely, ‘Yes!’ When you put your trust in Jesus, God takes away all your sins and throws them into the deepest part of the Mediterranean Sea then puts up a ‘no fishing sign.’”
Peter managed a weak chuckle as such an image flashed across his mind.
“As far as Jason’s eyesight, if you will have faith in God, He will heal. And I can prove it. Why don’t we pray right now and ask Jesus to heal your son’s eyesight?”
But Peter was worried. “What if He doesn’t? What will Jason think of me if I fail him once again?”
“Why don’t we let Jason answer that question?” Micah replied.
Micah left Peter alone for a few moments to prepare his heart, as he went inside to get Jason. Jason was sitting next to his grandfather on the couch.
“Jason,” Micah said, “would it be alright with you if your father prayed for you and asked Jesus to heal your eyes?”
Tears of joy welled up in Kadmiel’s eyes as the beauty of those words sank deep into his heart.
Jason jumped up and said, “Yippie! I knew this would happen when papa came to Jesus. I knew it!”
Micah took Jason’s hand and led him onto the veranda. Jason’s grandparents followed and stood next to their son. Peter slowly looked up at Micah then looked into the face of his only son. Everyone could sense his hesitation.
Trying to encourage the new-found faith of his friend, Micah said, “Go ahead Peter. Just tell God what’s in your heart. He will understand.”

Just as Peter was about to speak, a bloody and badly wounded Captain Lyar swooped down from the roof onto the patio railing directly in front of Peter. Consumed with rage, the crippled warrior screamed into Peter’s ear,
“Who do you think you are? God does not love you. He doesn’t care about your pathetic blind son. God will never answer your prayers. You don’t deserve his help and you never will…”
“Enough!”roared Prince Michael. “Be silent!”
In the twinkling of an eye, Elite Forces seized the defeated creature by the throat. Ripping off its horn, the mighty ones muzzled the demon lord then placed shackles of iron on all four legs. Forced to its knees, darkness was then forced to witness the healing power of the Most High God.

There was a long, agonizing silence on the porch. Sensing his father’s fear, Jason quietly said,
“Daddy, I had a dream last night. Two horses were standing by my bed. One was all shiny blue and had a very big horn on its head. The other was kind of small and had hair like the sun. The small pony spoke to me and said, ‘Don’t be afraid. Papa is with you. When your daddy prays to Jesus, you will see again.’”
When Micah heard Jason’s dream, he remembered being not much older than Jason when two unicorns stood beside his bed back in Des Moines.
“But blue and yellow unicorns?” Micah chuckled to himself. “I figured all unicorns looked like Eli and Jasmine, but I guess I was wrong. ‘One truly never knows what Papa has up his sleeve.’ That’s what Jasmine said.”
Finally, Peter reached out and took the face of his precious son in his hands. He bowed his head, closed his eyes and said,
“Jesus, I know I do not deserve to be forgiven for all the wrong things I have done. But you died on the cross to pay the penalty for all my sins. Today, you have offered me new life and the promise that you will never again condemn me for my past mistakes. I receive Jesus Christ into my heart as my Lord and Savior, and I receive your amazing gift of forgiveness.
“Because you are God, I believe nothing is too difficult for you. Not because of any good thing I have ever done, but because of your great love for Jason and me, I ask you to please, please Jesus let my son see again, in Your name I pray, amen.”

Dipping the hairs of their velvety soft tails in the living waters of heaven, the Healers washed Jason’s eyes with soothing, sparkling bubbles of light.

Peter was afraid to move. He slowly opened his eyes and looked at Jason. Jason was silent for a moment. Everyone waited anxiously. Jason opened his eyes and looked straight into his father’s face.
“Abba. I see you!” he shouted. “I see you! I see you!”
Peter grabbed his son in his arms. Pressing him tightly to his chest, the father sobbed unashamed for several moments. Tears of joy, tears of praise, tears of wonder and thanksgiving flowed freely down every cheek. Kadmiel and his wife got on their knees and thanked the God of Israel.
Micah raised his hands to heaven and shouted, “Thank you Jesus. Blessed be your glorious name!”

The Healers, the Warriors, and the Watchers bowed their heads in worship. It was recorded as a most holy moment.

“Augh!…” screamed the Prince of Darkness, from a location safe enough away from heaven’s warriors to ensure his personal survival.
“The prodigal was supposed to be mine!” he roared. “Heaven tricked me again. He never fights fair! But one day...one day his throne will be mine. One day I will…”
Rising to display the majesty of his glory, Prince Michael stood up on Mount Zion before the defeated prince. Knowing he dare not engage his mighty adversary, Prince Roz simply raised his human-like fist and cursed saying,
“The war is not over! There will be other opportunities, oh mighty prince.”
Growling and muttering the wicked serpent then slithered back to the chambers of hell.
Chapter 11 - The Prodigal and the Prophet
 “Once the Beloved heard of your greatness, but now he has seen your glory. He accused heaven of things too wonderful for men to comprehend. Now he understands. Now he worships,” announced heaven’s hosts.
“Grace replaces guilt. War dissolves into peace. In exchange for death, eternal life has been received,” Papa joyously declared to all with ears to hear.
“Thanks to all our faithful friends,” added Eli and Jasmine in unison.
The Zelphi completed another page in the record of man.

Wednesday morning the caterpillar graders, rollers, and watering trucks had all left the site. The ground of the parking garage was fully compacted and ready for the iron rebar framers. The next few days were spent constructing the critical massive steel frame work used to reinforce the concrete structure.
Peter called Zuriel to confirm delivery of the concrete would begin the following Friday as promised.
At dawn Friday morning, a small army of trucks and scores of workers descended upon the construction site. Traffic was affected for several city blocks around the site as streets were either completely or partially blocked off to allow the steady flow of trucks unbroken access to the site. Timing was critical.
A steady parade of concrete trucks feed the prepared cement mix into three pump trucks stationed around the edges of the pit. Gangly pumps poured concrete into large boom arms which hovered over the foundation pit, while below workers hurriedly spread the gushing concrete material over the steel rebar network.
From a platform above the pit, Peter Massad watched the progress as workers shoveled, leveled, and smoothed the concrete as soon as it reached the ground. By the end of the day, 264 truckloads of concrete had been poured into the hole forming a safe and solid foundation for the new hospital and parking garage.

Saturday morning Micah drove to Tel Aviv to pick up his dad from the airport. But when he arrived an unexpected passenger was also waiting to greet him.
“Julie!” Micah shouted. “What a wonderful surprise!” he exclaimed embracing his wife for the first time in weeks.
“I couldn’t wait any longer. I missed you so much I decided to fly over with your father,” Julie told her husband. “I wanted to surprise you.”
“Well you succeed!” Micah said grinning from ear to ear, still hugging the women he loved.
Giving his son a big hug, Tony Collins said, “We thought you’d be pleased.”
On the drive up to Jerusalem, Micah gave his father a status report on the project and the situation with the Massad family.
“From what you’ve told me so far, it sounds like we had nothing to worry about. God had everything under control. Imagine that!” teased the senior Collins.
Micah laughed and said, “Man makes his plans and God guides his steps, right? I have to tell you dad, sitting on the wall overlooking the Garden of Gethsemane as Peter prayed was one of the most moving spiritual experiences of my life. God is truly amazing!”
“Amen!” added Mrs. Micah Collins. “And I have to tell you both that after I had the dream about those children, I was really scared. I prayed long and hard for their safety. I can’t tell you how relieved I am to hear the way God worked everything out for good. Looking back, it is clear God had lessons of faith for us all.”

Micah helped his dad check into the King David Hotel and then got his wife settled into their room on the seventh floor. That evening, the Collins family met in the restaurant for dinner.
“I brought you a copy of today’s Jerusalem Post. I thought you would like to know the status of the infamous Mr. Amir and company,” Micah said to his dad after they had been seated.
The front page newspaper article read, “Criminal charges have been filed against Tobias Amir, owner of Amir and Associates, a local concrete contractor, in the collapse of the Tel Aviv Parking Garage two years ago. Mr. Amir denies any wrongdoing in the matter. But new evidence reveals he planned the destruction of the building in order to collect the insurance money. Amir and several others have also been charged with planning to destroy the Rapha Children’s Hospital and Eye Clinic currently under construction in Jerusalem.”
“The General Contractor, Collins Enterprises, Inc. was also the target of arson, robbery and slander. Vice President Micah Collins told reporters, ‘We are grateful for the courage of those who have come forward with this new evidence. Not only was Amir plotting to destroy the hospital but the reputation of CEI as well. We are confident when the facts are known, these men will be sentenced to prison for a very long time. In addition, CEI is delighted that the children’s hospital will be completed on schedule.’”
“What about Massad?” Tony asked his son after reading the article. “Is he in the clear?”
“Absolutely,” replied Micah. “And the police have assigned a couple of plain clothes detectives to protect the entire family until they are confident all guilty parties have been rounded up and are behind bars.”

Monday morning, Tony, Micah and Julie met Zuriel and Peter Massad at the construction site. Taking Mrs. Collins’ hand, Peter said, “It is an honor to meet the wife of a prophet.”
“My friends just call me ‘Julie’,” she teased.
Julie always loved to visit CEI’s construction sites. It was a thrill to watch the massive equipment in action and see the crews busy at work. Once the foundations of a building were complete, the structure always seemed to just rise overnight, like a gigantic tree breaking through the surface of the earth as it reaches toward the sky.
As they stood side-by-side on the platform watching the work, Micah took his wife by the hand and said, “Level by level, floor by floor, the building will rise. And in eighteen months, the hospital will be admitting their first patients.”

With no additional problems on the horizon, Micah and Julie took a few days off to explore the remarkable land of Israel. The day they toured Masada and the Dead Sea area, the Collins discovered they had chosen a very busy tourist spot. Scores of photographers, reporters and spectators had suddenly taken an unexpected interest in the same geographical area.
It seems that large chunks of oddly-shaped pieces of salt had mysteriously appeared along a remote area of the shoreline. Hardened mineral fragments shaped like the legs, torso and heads of horses were scattered along the water’s edge for miles. It looked as if harden statues of the four-legged creatures had been tossed out of an airplane above the site and shattered into pieces upon impact. Israeli authorities were baffled as to where the statutes came from and how they were transported to the site.

When the two American tourists returned from their sightseeing travels, Micah’s apartment was ready. Julie helped her husband move out of the hotel and into his more permanent residence.
Two weeks later, Mr. Collins, Sr. and his daughter-in-law returned to Des Moines. Micah stayed in Jerusalem as construction continued. Every three months Micah flew back to Iowa for a short visit with his family.
Two years later, Collins Enterprises, along with the contractors, owners, and project friends, cut the ribbon declaring the official opening of the Rapha Children’s Hospital and Eye Clinic. Jason Massad was given the honor of cutting the ribbon.

With the opening of the hospital, it was finally time for Micah to go home. Peter and Jason drove Micah to the airport.
“Goodbye my little prophet,” Micah said as he hugged Jason for the last time.
“I will miss you my brother,” he said to Peter. “May the LORD bless you from Zion and may you see the prosperity of Jerusalem all the days of your life. Indeed, may you see your children’s children.”
Micah and Peter shook hands for the last time and the two men went their separate ways.

Jason and his dad became regular visitors at the Eye Clinic. It was said of Jason Massad that he prayed with every single child admitted to the hospital. Some were miraculously healed. Others were not. But at some point in their stay, every child who came to the hospital was told of God’s great love for them.
Jason Massad became a builder like his father and eventually joined Massad General Contractors. The Massads still live in Jerusalem where they continue to share the good news of Yeshua to anyone with ears to hear.

One year after returning home, Micah and Julie had their first son. He was given the name ‘Peter’.
“God told the Apostle Peter, ‘upon this rock I will build my church’,” Micah told his wife. “I like the prophetic implications.”
Julie kissed her husband and thanked God for the prophetic gifts He had given to her husband.
Sometime after the birth of Peter Collins, Micah asked his dad, “So, you never finished telling me about your prophetic calling. What’s your story, Dad?”
“The day my parents, your grandparents, dedicated me to the Lord it was prophesied that I would be a messenger of God’s word. But like you, it took several years before any of us really understood what God had up his sleeve.”
“Do you think my son will have the gift of prophecy also?” Micah asked his dad.
“I wouldn’t be surprised. Just as you and I lay the foundations for our buildings, a prophet is used by God to lay the spiritual foundations in the hearts of men. Let’s wait and see what kind of foundations Peter begins to lay. Then, once a prophet, always a prophet, right?,” laughed the senior Mr. Collins.

When Peter was three years old, Micah purchased the lumber for his son’s tree fort. Rumor has it Peter helped his dad lay the foundation.

Over the course of Micah’s life, he was never really quite sure where Eli and Jasmine were. At times he thought he saw their shadows on the bedroom wall just before sunrise. But he knew they would always be with him. After all, holy unicorns always keep their promise.
The End
P.S. – If you hear a tower clock chime midnight, look around. Eli and Jasmine just might be visiting someone in your neighborhood. Or they may be on their way to your room. If they come, don’t be afraid. Papa sent them.


####
About the Author
Messiah’s Message is Volume IV in the action-packed, Christian youth series entitled The Divine Commissions of Eli and Jasmine.
Filled with exciting, real-to-life adventures of epic struggles between angels and demons, of good and evil, choices and consequences, sin and redemption, love and forgiveness, the Divine Commissions series chronicles the stories of Eli and Jasmine - Servants of the Most High God.
Visit http://divinecommissions.blogspot.com/ and follow the tales of Eli and Jasmine through other action-packed adventures. Discover interesting, behind-the-scenes insights into the characters. Get hot-off-the-press updates regarding upcoming stories. Share your comments Connect with other readers. Share the adventure with friends.
Connect with Donna Farris Online:
Divine Commissions blog:  http://divinecommissions.blogspot.com/
Discover other titles in the Divine Commissions Series
The Power of a Legacy - Volume III
Discover other titles by Donna Farris at Smashwords.com



