MURKY MANOR

Copyright 2008 by Steven & Margaret Larson
Cover Art Copyright 2008 by Betty Rieffer

Smashwords Edition
Published by Margaret Larson at Smashwords

This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be resold. Thank you for respecting the work of the authors.

Other books available by these authors

CHILDREN'S FANTASY BOOKS
Cave of Discovery
Worlds Within
The World Beyond the Door

A COLLECTION OF WRITINGS
Thoughts on the Wind

Print versions available at www.lulu.com/larsonworlds
Visit us at our web site www.home.earthlink.net/~larsonworlds


CONTENTS
1 Turrets and Lightening
2 The Clipper Ship Diner
3 Moving In 
4 The Gazebo
5 The Image in the Cup
6 Strawberry Crepes
7 Fog in the Rainforest
8 The Captain's Church
9 An Unexpected Trip
10 Escape on Two Wheels
11 The Cataract
12 Pirate
13 The Antediluvian
14 Plants, Mold, and Mildew
15 Water Wisps at the Manor
16 Escape from the Inn
17 The Misty Way
18 Watermelons
19 Searching the Antediluvian
20 Edison's Escape
21 Safe Keeping
22 A Safe Storm
23 Aftermath
24 Procuring a Boat
25 The Chase
26 Back to Murky
Epilogue


CHAPTER 1 - TURRETS AND LIGHTENING

The old willow tree's top branches whipped around in the wind like stringy hair. A flash of lightening lit up the lower limbs. They scraped over the ground like gnarled fingers searching in the grass for something lost.
Meredith stood in front of the antique secretary desk and slid up the roll top. A small wooden replica of a gazebo sat on the desk. She released a catch in the back, and the roof lifted off like a box top. Inside a black cup nestled in a pile of vibrant blue silk. 
She turned back to the windows. The outside world was bathed in purple light. Three sides of the small turret room had windows and cushioned seats. A cream colored cat sat with its nose pressed against the pane. Lightening flashed. She counted until she heard the boom in the distance. Seven seconds. Seven miles away. 
Meredith pushed aside the leather bound book she had been reading and curled up beside the cat on the faded fabric. She had expected Captain Morgan's journal to be full of exciting stories about his voyages. Instead the pages only contained navigational figures, duty rosters, and weather reports.
"What do you think of the storm, Thomas Edison?" She buried her fingers in his soft fur and was rewarded by a purr. "That's what I think too," she said softly. "It's like the earth is being washed for an exciting event. Like my birthday." 
In two weeks she would be twelve. This visit to her aunt would be over by then. She would be home for her birthday. This year Heather, the most popular girl at school, had agreed to come to her party. Heather didn't like rain. She said it messed up her hair. Maybe this year there would be clear skies. But it had always rained on her birthday, and she had always thought of it as part of the celebration. Until now.
The rain started with soft spatters. As the sky darkened, it tapped harder on the old glass. The house had stood there for over a century. Over time the glass had become wavy and thicker on the bottom. Water running down the surface further distorted the image of the yard far below.
Narrow bookshelves separated the deep-set windows. They were filled with old books. She closed the Captain's journal and placed it back on the shelf. The house was full of oddities collected by Captain Morgan on his voyages over a hundred years ago.
The hardwood floor was rough and uneven under her feet as she crossed the room. She stepped onto a tiny rug in front of the desk and wiggled her toes. Lightening flashed again and static in the rug popped against her foot. 
Boom. Three seconds. Three miles. Edison jumped off the window seat and slunk down the spiral staircase that led to Meredith's bedroom. 
She took a lighter from a tarnished brass spittoon and lit two candles on the wall over the desk. She tugged on the edge of the scarf and it slithered away from the cup. Scooping up her hair, she tied the blue silk around her unruly curls. Loose strands hung down and clung to her sticky skin. The room lit up briefly. Thunder rolled. One second. One mile. 
The cup had no handle and reminded her of a Japanese teacup, but much larger and heavier. She stretched her fingers around the cup. As she tilted it towards the candle, faint blue lines shimmered on the outside surface.
Eerie shadows danced on the walls. The musty odors of faded maroon drapes and old books blended together. She could see a reflection of candle flames in the now dark windows. 
Then a brilliant light filled the room and shimmered around the window frame. The lines on the cup glittered. Strands of hair brushed across her cheek. Then everything went black.
Meredith shivered. The window must have blown open and snuffed out the candles. There was a cold breeze against her bare arms and legs. It smelled of damp earth. For a moment she smelled something spicy, almost like cinnamon but with a tartness she could taste. It lingered on her tongue like the time she had eaten a green apple. Could it be a fragrance from one of the candles? 
The floor was cold as she took a step toward the window. She stubbed her toe, and let out a yelp as something fell with a soft thump. She knelt down and rubbed her toe. Her groping fingers brushed against cold metal. Stupid spittoon, she thought, and gave it a shove. A flash of lightening showed that she was facing an open doorway, not the window. 
She caught a glimpse of the willow tree's swaying branches scratching at the doorframe. She gasped and squeezed her eyes shut. The breeze stopped suddenly. She opened her eyes and looked up from where she crouched on the floor. The room was warm and had the familiar musty odor. In the candlelight she could see the spittoon still sitting on the floor beside the desk with the lighter poking out of the top. 
The stairs creaked. Light bounced up the hallway walls. She heard her aunt's voice.
"Meredith? Meredith are you up here?"
"Yes, Aunt Doris. I'm in the turret room." She struggled to her feet, and put the cup on the desk. Doris stood in the doorway breathing hard. 
"I was in the kitchen when the lightening hit and the electricity went out. Whoo! I thought I was starting to get in shape, but those three flights of stairs are a real workout. Guess I need to drop a few more pounds."
"There's no electricity?"
"Nope. Didn't you hear that loud boom when the lights went out?"
When Meredith shook her head, the scarf came loose. Her light brown curls cascaded down her back. She caught the end of the scarf before it fell to the floor.
Doris raised her eyebrows and pressed her lips together. "Hmm. Well, it sounded like a major hit. The whole neighborhood is probably dark. Good thing we were planning on moving into town tomorrow." She frowned at the candles. 
In the moving light she looked a bit like a candle herself. Her hair was cut short and dyed bright red. The fine strands floated around her face like warm embers, softening the wrinkles. She handed Meredith a flashlight and blew out the candles. 
"The Captain had two sons, Robert and David. They all lived in this house until the Captain died. Then the sons divided up the estate. David bought his own house and they dismantled their father's ship. They used the lumber to build turrets onto their houses."
"There's another house with a turret like this?" Meredith asked.
"Not any more. Both houses were built in the 1800's and lit by gaslights. One night during a thunderstorm, much like this one, David's house burned down. After that, Robert had this house wired for electricity. All except this room."
 "I think electricity would spoil it," Meredith said.
"Well, no electricity seems like a good excuse to eat out. What say we go to the Clipper Ship for supper?" 


CHAPTER 2 - THE CLIPPER SHIP DINER

The rain stopped by the time Doris found her car keys. It was a short drive to the Clipper. Everyone else seemed to have had the same idea. Meredith was glad she had taken the time to change clothes. Heather always said, "You never know when you'll meet someone, and you don't want to look stupid." 
The parking lot was almost full when they arrived. Doris squeezed her small SUV in between two pickup trucks. One was red with a confederate flag decal covering the back window. The other truck was blue, rusty, and muddy. A tattered pirate flag hung from the antenna. Then again, it wasn't likely she would meet anyone here.  
She pulled her blue jacket tighter around her as they walked around puddles to the front entrance. It was lucky her mother had insisted she bring it. Who could have guessed she would need a jacket in August?  
They crossed a short wooden bridge to the restaurant. It was built over the water like a ship docked at a pier. Outside the door, a wooden mermaid held a sign listing fresh seafood specialties. 
As they opened the door they were greeted by a recording of an Irish tenor belting out a lively sea tune. A middle age man looked up from behind the counter and grinned. His black and silver hair was mostly hidden under a leather captain's hat. It curled around the hat, and poked out at odd angles. He winked at Doris.
"Hello, Carlo," Doris said. "Looks like everyone up on the hill has lost their electricity tonight."
"Mean night for navigating the highways," he said. "There's one table left."  He pointed across the room.
He wore blue jeans, but his shirt was white silk with billowy sleeves. It looked like something from a costume shop for pirates. The overhead light glinted on the St. Christopher medal that hung around his neck on a gold chain.
They wound their way through the crowd to the table. Meredith unfolded her napkin and arranged her knife and fork on it. Stretching her fingers, she casually checked out her nails. Heather would be impressed. The white polish was still perfect and the tiny blue flowers on each nail were all intact. Carlo joined them. As the adults talked about the weather, Meredith scanned the room. 
Next to the window overlooking the water, a man and woman sat at a table ignoring the view. He hunched awkwardly over the table and handed her one sheet of paper after another. His dark hair hung limp down the back of his neck. It covered his forehead emphasizing his long narrow nose. 
The woman sat stiffly in her chair and frowned. With a long, skinny finger, he pointed to something on the paper. His chin had a defiant tilt as he waited for her response.
"What can I get for the young lady?" The voice pulled Meredith's attention back to her own table. The server waited with his pencil poised.
After she gave her order, Meredith looked back across the room. The woman was leaving. The man scooped up the papers and stuffed them in his coat pocket. One sheet fluttered to the floor unnoticed. His legs were long and his body thin. In just a couple steps he had caught up with her. His talk was animated as they walked out together.
A girl clearing their table picked up the paper. She studied it for a moment, then slipped it into her pocket. As she passed through the swinging doors into the kitchen, the light fell on her black hair revealing blue highlights. 
Meredith was just finishing dinner when a boy came up to their table. His hair was wet, but it didn't weigh down the dark strands that curled around his ears. 
"I heard you were looking for me," he said.
Carlo tilted his head and grinned. "You look like something the cat drug in, son. Look what you've done to my floor."
The boy looked down at his muddy shoes and frowned. "Oops. I guess that shortcut through the back was wetter than I thought."
Carlo turned to Meredith. "This fine specimen of manhood is my grandson Tony. Tony, say hello to Meredith. She's Doris's niece and here for a couple weeks to help out while the old Murky Manor is being repaired."
Tony's face reminded her of a statue from her history book on the Greek classic period. His features were perfectly proportional, and he had the same sparkling blue eyes as Carlo. Then he grinned and a crooked tooth spoiled the image. He stuck out a hand that was moist and streaked with dirt. 
Meredith grimaced, and shook his hand quickly. She wiped her hand off on her napkin. Tony looked at his hand and seemed surprised to see the dirt. He rubbed it on his jeans. 
"I've seen Murky from the outside," Tony said. "The school had a haunted house up there one Halloween a couple years ago. Actually it was just a haunted yard. We didn't get to go inside." He looked sad at this announcement. "Hope you're not changing anything."
"Just repairing the wiring," Doris said. "The storm knocked out the electricity, but the wiring needed replacement anyway. I don't want any fires."
 After dessert, it was decided that Tony would meet them in the morning to help them unpack. Doris smirked as she said, "Be sure to clean up before you come. Ms. Argon, the manager, runs a tight ship. She won't be too happy to see children at all. Best not to startle her too much."
He is rather startling, Meredith thought with a smile. Maybe he'll be cleaner tomorrow.

The sky had cleared and the moon was out when they left the Clipper. Doris slowed the car and turned on Willow Drive. The streetlights were still out, and the high beam headlights lit up the glistening pavement. 
Meredith leaned forward and peered through the windshield looking for the turnoff to the mansion. Moonlight shone intermittently through thick trees that lined both sides of the road. The only way Heather and her crowd would come out here would be for a Murder Mystery Party. Meredith's Murder Mystery at Murky Manor. Had a nice ring to it.
"So who named this place Murky?" she asked.
"The town people started calling it that right after Morgan moved in. That's when the fog started appearing. There was never fog on the hill before, or so the story goes. It settles in around sunset. Most days it doesn't burn off until almost noon."
"That's rather spooky."
"Yes, I guess it is. No one knows what causes the fog. The house isn't real close to the water, and it's up on a hill. It's nice we're in a car and not traveling by horse and buggy."
Meredith agreed. 
"I'll bet Robert occasionally traveled this road on dark nights when returning home," Doris said.
"He was Captain Morgan's son, right?"
"Right. You remember that both brothers had turrets added to their houses made out of wood from the Captain's ship. Robert also got the figurehead. He had it mounted under the turret. You saw it when you arrived this morning. When David's house burned down, everything was destroyed. Except his turret."
"What happened to it?"
"I heard it was turned into a gazebo."
Meredith felt a tingle of excitement as she thought about riding alone in a buggy on a moonless night up this twisting road. What would it have been like to live at Murky Manor in those days? 
She pictured coming up to the old house with the windows all lit up. A groom would be waiting to take the horse to the stable. Inside a maid would settle her in a comfy chair next to the crackling fire. Tantalizing smells of fruit pies would fill the room. 
Doris stomped on the breaks. The seatbelt grabbed Meredith and jerked her back against the seat. 
"Missed the turn," Doris said, and backed up. 
They pulled onto the private road, and fog filled the headlight beams. Doris turned the lights to low. Only a few feet of pavement were visible as the car crept up the hill. 
The road snaked past huge tree trunks that appeared out of the vapor. The car emerged from the trees. Fog covered the ground, but a large moon filled the clear sky. The mansion was neither lit up nor welcoming. It was black and cheerless. The windows brooded menacingly down at Meredith as Doris parked the car. 
She could just make out the dark outline of the figurehead. In daylight it had seemed cheery and welcoming. Now it was more like a watchful guardian that resented their presence.
 "Here we are," Doris said with a big smile. "Murky Manor's not looking its best, but I'm sure the old house doesn't mean any harm."
She hopped out of the car and handed Meredith one of the lanterns that Carlo loaned them. 

The lantern light gave Meredith's room a melancholy feel. The storm had left the room cold. The bed was built into the wall like a ship bunk. As she climbed in, she wondered if it was the captain's bunk. It was good she wasn't very tall, or she wouldn't have fit comfortably. At first the sheets were icy, but they soon warmed. It felt good to snuggle down under the blanket. She reached one arm through the chilly air to switch off the lantern. A soft thud on the bed let her know that Edison had come to join her. She fell asleep with his purr vibrating against her back.


CHAPTER 3 - MOVING IN

Meredith woke up early the next morning. She stretched, and her foot slid underneath Edison. She bounced him up and down until he gave a moan of complaint. His cream colored body was spotted with green light making the cat look like an alien from a B class movie. 
Light came through a stained glass window with a pattern of leaves and small blue flowers. It could only be reached by ascending part way up a staircase. Metal steps began just a few feet from the bed and wound around and around in a tight spiral leading almost straight up. 
Meredith dressed quickly and pattered up several steps. She peered between the leaves on the glass to see the grounds below. Doris was right about the fog. A thick cloud covered the yard. She hurried back to the bed.
"Come on, Edison. It's moving day." 
Picking up the cat in one arm, she pulled the blankets over the bed. They hung unevenly down the side, and she gave the wrinkles a passing swipe. Edison responded with an indignant meow. She put him on the floor. 
"Never mind, Edison. Heather will never know we didn't make the bed properly."
He dug his front paws into the rug's dull green pile. 
"Hey," Meredith said. The cat flicked his tail and dashed up the stairs. 
Meredith looked at the old rug. The pattern had faded into one mass of brownish green. Edison's attention would hardly be noticed.
The steps were cold on her bare feet. She trailed her hand along the wrought iron being careful not to catch her fingers in the decorative metal leaves under the railing. 
She came to a landing where an open door led into the turret. The stairway continued coiling up into unexplored darkness. No time to investigate now. She wasn't sure she even wanted to know what was up there. 
As she entered the turret, she passed between tall narrow bookshelves. It was like walking into the pages of a book, a secret world. 
The panoramic view gave her a feeling of strength. Up here it didn't matter what she wore. There were no fashion police to forbid wearing Heather's color - pink. She could wear any color she wanted to up here. Of course she didn't have anything pink, so it didn't matter.  
Only the treetops could be seen poking out of the fog. The old willow tree looked like the head of a monster rising from a lake. With a shudder, she grabbed the cup from the desk and rolled it up in the tiny rug. Back in her bedroom, she finished packing her clothes and hurried downstairs to help Doris.

The heavily packed SUV stopped in front of Green Earth Condos. Meredith pushed against the box that poked her side. This bumped the cat carrier, and Edison started howling again. He sounded hoarse. 
From the time they had imprisoned him in the carrier, he had been growling and meowing his disapproval. Meredith had given up trying to talk soothingly to him. Finally, he had settled down to a low rumbling growl, but the jarring had set him off again.
Meredith picked up the carrier and followed Doris up the walk. A thin woman stood in the doorway watching their progress. She wore a long, moss green skirt that rippled in the faint breeze. Her sleeveless, brown tank top revealed impressive muscles. A vine tattoo circled one bicep. Meredith looked harder. Was that a butterfly in the tattoo? She shivered at the thought of how many needles that would take.
 With each step Edison's howls got louder and longer. The frown on the woman's face got deeper and darker. She crossed her arms. The tense muscles pulsed in her biceps making the butterfly appear to move.   
Doris smiled up at the woman when they reached the porch. Then Meredith recognized her as the woman from the Clipper. The one who had been talking to the fidgety man.
"Hello Ms. Argon," Doris said, and set down her suitcase.
There was only one step up to the porch, but Ms. Argon towered over them. Her eyes shifted from Doris to the cat carrier. 
"We have rules about noise levels. I don't recall your contract including a cat."  Her eyes moved up to include Meredith. "Or a - child."  
She must think I have some disease, Meredith thought.
"Oh that's alright," Doris said with a smile. "I don't mind they weren't mentioned. Meredith is family, and just visiting. I'm sure Edison won't complain about the noise - once he gets used to the apartment. He'll do his part to make sure there aren't any mice about."
"Mice?" A flush of purple crept across her high cheekbones. Her voice dipped lower, and her eyes narrowed. "We have no mice."  She enunciated each word.
"Ah, well, I should think not. Now that Edison's here you won't have to worry about getting any. Nor rats either I shouldn't think."  
There was a soft hiss of air as Ms. Argon gasped.
Doris picked up her suitcase and stepped onto the porch. "Come along, Meredith."
Meredith's knuckles turned white on the carrier's handle. With Edison yowling and hissing, she squeezed past Ms. Argon and followed Doris into the lobby. The flesh on her back twitched as she waited for Ms. Argon to stop her, but that faded as she entered the lobby. It was like stepping into a jungle. 
Chirping birds and croaking frogs mingled with the soothing sound of wall fountains. Flagstone sections branched off the green marble floor creating paths that led into thick masses of plants and tall grasses. A flash of yellow fluttered past her head. She turned to see yellow, orange, and blue butterflies dotting the flowers. Trailing vines wiggled in the breeze from whirring ceiling fans. Through the branches of ornamental trees, she caught glimpses of tall windows. The serene atmosphere was broken by a loud voice.
"Wow, this is really something."
	Meredith jumped and looked around for the voice. She spotted Tony standing on the pathway between the trees.
	"You should come see the neat tables they stuck over by the window," Tony said pointing behind him. "There's a little pond too, but I couldn't find the frogs. I think it's just a recording."
	Meredith set the carrier down with a thump. The cat let out a howl. 
	"How did you get in here?" Ms. Argon said.
	"Oh, he's with us," Doris said.
	"I suppose he's family too? Hopefully temporary?"
	"Just here to help us move in."
	"Well, see that he stays with you - at all times. I will not have anyone trampling through my conservatory. These plants are delicate, expensive, and rare. You'll be responsible for any damage. How long a stay are you planning?"
	"I was planning just a week, but I found out this morning that the contractor I lined up for the job has cancelled. It's hard to say how long it will take to line up someone else."
	Argon's face paled. She cleared her throat. "I could recommend someone if you'd like."
	"Why, that's very kind of you. Yes, please do that."
	"I'll have him stop by on Monday to see you."
	"That's wonderful news," Doris said. "Here, Meredith. I'll take Edison." She took the carrier and led the way. 
	Tony picked up the suitcase, and they all squeezed into the elevator. Meredith pushed aside a runner from a hanging plant. As the doors were closing, she caught a glimpse of Ms. Argon. She stood with clenched fingers resting on her hips and a frown on her face.
	Tony mumbled, "Nice muscles. I'd like to get a tattoo."


CHAPTER 4 - THE GAZEBO

They made only four trips across the gleaming marble floor, but each time Meredith felt like someone was watching her. Once she caught a glimpse of a green skirt as Ms. Argon disappeared around a curve on the flagstone walkway. Another time all she heard was the rhythmic tapping of heels on the stone walk. They paused, then started again. 
	On their last trip through the lobby, an old man with his arms full of groceries shuffled ahead of them into the elevator. A shock of gray hair covered his head. It stood up in back where he had either forgotten to comb it or had been unsuccessful. He turned around and stared at the elevator buttons.
	"Come onboard," he said. "I don't take up that much room. Besides, it would be helpful if you'd push the button for the second floor. Name's Hank."
	Meredith could see Argon frowning at them from the front desk as the doors closed.
	Tony introduced them, then asked, "Can I help with those?"
	The old man handed him a bag. Meredith took the other one, and they followed him to his apartment. 
	As he fumbled with the key he said, "There's another stairway you know." He pointed a bony finger towards the end of the hall. "Not so visible if you take my meaning." He winked. "Ms. Argon can be a bit overbearing."
	He took the groceries, said thank you, and closed the door. 
	"We can check it out later," Meredith said. "Let's eat."

The two children sat on the floor in the living room. Meredith's plate was empty except for a few grease spots left by the pizza. Mushroom chunks littered Tony's plate where he had carefully pulled them off and lined them up on the edge. They hadn't prevented him from eating five large pieces. Now he looked sadly at the empty box. If she ate that much, she'd have to stop shopping in the juniors' section. It didn't seem to be hurting him any. He looked like he'd been working out. 
There were a few mushrooms lying in the bottom of the pizza box. She loved mushrooms, but she was afraid to pick them up. Tony might think she wanted his leftovers. His hands might look clean now, but she still remembered the mud from the night before. No sense taking chances. 
Moving in had not taken long because the apartment came with furniture. It also came with plants. They were everywhere. She got up to throw away the box and had to push aside a vine to reach the wastebasket. 
"These silly plants are everywhere," Meredith said. "They've invaded the apartment. It's like a rainforest."
"Complete with an Amazon warrior."
"With what?"
"Argon - the Amazon."  Tony grinned. "Didn't you notice the muscles? She'd be perfect running through the thick jungle chasing?chasing?"
"Kids like us," Meredith finished. "I wouldn't call her that to her face. She looks like the type to put us in a cauldron and have us for breakfast."
"Exactly. She probably stocked the pond with piranhas. Hey, that's why I couldn't find any frogs! They've all been eaten, and that recording is their last feeble cries for help."
Meredith made a face. "That's disgusting."
"Has anyone see Edison?" Doris asked as she walked into the room.
Meredith gasped. "Maybe he got out and wandered down to the lobby."
Tony jumped up. "He'll be eaten by the piranha. He won't know they aren't goldfish. We've got to rescue him."
A clattering crash came from the kitchen. It was followed by a scratching noise on the tile floor. A furry, cream colored blur with fluffed tail shot through the doorway and fled down the hall.
"Ah, there he is. No doubt looking for his supper," Doris said.
"Okay if we go explore the grounds?" Meredith asked.
"Yes, but try to stay out of Ms. Argon's territory."  

"Let's take the stairs that Hank suggested," Meredith said. 
The steps were concrete. Scuff marks and scratches marred the plain white walls. A water stain darkened a ceiling tile.
"This is elegant," Tony said. "Nothing pretentious like carpeting or wallpaper. Just the basics."
"Hank was right though. It has something more important. A back door." 
Meredith opened the door at the bottom. A sidewalk extended a few feet before splitting into two paths. One led around the building to the front. The other path disappeared among trees in a park.
Tony grinned. "We skip the rainforest and the Amazon. Good move. This is great."
They raced down the sidewalk. Maple tree branches intertwined overhead creating an arbor. Meredith slowed her steps to avoid slipping on the spinners and yellow pollen that littered the path. Flowerbed borders overflowed with multicolored impatiens and daisies.
They came to a wooden footbridge. Meredith leaned over the rail. A flower box had been built along the bottom edge. It was filled with primroses that climbed up the sides of the bridge and trailed down towards the water. 
They followed the path around bushes and trees. It stopped at a huge weeping willow. Hanging limbs from the old tree drooped down, hiding the path. 
"Shall we go in?" Tony asked. It was foggy under the tree. As he moved the branches, the mist scattered. Meredith felt the tingling sensation she always experienced when a storm was coming. The dangling branches in Tony's hand quivered. It was like he was holding hands with the tree. She ducked, and scooted past him. The tiny leaves brushed her arm in a caress.
It was cooler under the canopy. Light filtered through the branches throwing bright speckles on the mossy ground. Ivy vines with glossy leaves crept up the trunk. 
"The path doesn't end after all," Meredith said. She pointed to flagstones that led around the tree. Stepping from one stone to another they came to the backside. The path picked up again and led out through the hanging branches.
Meredith stepped off the last flagstone. She parted the branches and stopped. 
"What is it?" Tony asked as he stepped up beside her. 
She let the branches fall and pointed. A wooden gazebo sat in a clearing a few feet away. Evenly spaced windows wrapped around the building. 
"It's a gazebo," Tony said. "Let's check it out."
She remembered the willow tree branches scratching at the open doorway during the storm the night before. She grabbed his arm. Her voice was hoarse. "No," she said. "It's the turret from Murky Manor."
Tony tilted his head and squinted at the building. "You could be right. Maybe they were built by the same person. I only saw it at night. I don't remember the turret that well. I was more impressed by the figurehead underneath it. They had a spotlight on it for the Halloween party."
He stepped onto the gazebo's small porch and looked in. 
"It's kind of messy in here. I guess the Amazon doesn't come out this far."  
He turned around with a big grin, but it faded when he looked at Meredith's face. 
"You don't look so good. Are you feeling okay?  Maybe you should come in and sit down."
He took her hand and pulled her inside. It was not at all like the turret room. No desk. No bookshelves. Instead of padded window seats, a built in wooden bench ran around the inside walls. Empty flowerpots with dirt still clinging to their insides littered the room.
Relieved, she sank onto the bench. She closed her eyes and leaned against the wall. Silly she thought. Of course it isn't the turret room. This must be the turret from David's house. Doris said it survived the fire and was turned into a gazebo. 
A breeze through the window ruffled her hair. It carried the scent of tart cinnamon. She inhaled the pleasant aroma and thought of apple pies and cinnamon buns. 
Suddenly she stiffened. It was the same smell as last night but without the rain. And what about the willow tree pawing at the doorframe? The tree at Murky Manor couldn't have been at the door. The turret door was on the inside of the house. 
A crash made her jump, and her eyes flew open. Tony was hopping on one foot. He limped over to the bench and sat down. "Didn't see the dumb thing," he muttered while rubbing his ankle.
Meredith shivered. In the middle of the floor a brass spittoon was slowing spinning on its side. 


 CHAPTER 5 - THE IMAGE IN THE CUP

Meredith pushed the gazebo out of her mind. It had been a long day. She just wanted to finish unpacking and go to bed.
She placed the last of her clothes in the dresser. The smell of new carpet replaced the odor of particle wood as she slid the drawer closed. The furniture had come from an "assemble it yourself" store and looked like standard hotel room furnishings. After the eccentric antique pieces at Murky, the modern furniture was dull but functional. 
The only unusual things in the apartment were the plants. They populated all the rooms. Like aliens who were curious about the new tenants, they seemed to watch her movements. The drab beige walls made a striking backdrop for the abundant shades of green foliage. Dark forest green rubber trees lurked in corners with their roots tucked into clay pots. Ivy and spider plants dangled from the ceiling. Their vines and leaves tickled her face when she ducked through doorways. 
Even her bedroom had plants. A skinny fichus tree stood in the corner and leaned into the room. Blue morning glory vines climbed out of a squat brown pot on the floor. They wound around the leg of a small square table in front of the window. Several leaves poked over the tabletop and reached for the light. 
Of course the flowers were blue. It seemed to be the only color in her life since Heather had chosen it for her. Even the flowers on her nails were tiny blue forget-me-nots. "So you won't forget your friends while you're gone," Heather had said.
She sat on a chair by the window. The screen on the bottom half blurred her view of the park. The sun appeared to be sitting on the top of the trees. Branches scattered the light as it made its way to the ground. She traced the stone path that led to the willow tree. 
As dusk settled in, the full moon appeared to get brighter. It was probably quite dark now under the willow. The branches quivered. They seemed to be beckoning things to venture closer. Close enough to be caught and drawn under the canopy. 
The branches parted at the bottom, and a small creature jumped out. It looked around for a moment. Then began nibbling on the grass. Only a rabbit she thought. What was she expecting?
The wind picked up and stirred the leaves making them dance along the branches. She squinted at the dark gazebo windows. It looked like there might be movement inside. After watching carefully, she decided it was just the play of light and shadows. 
Something tickled her shin. She jerked her leg and hit the table. 
"Ow!" she said.
"Meow!" said Edison
The plant wobbled on the table. She caught it before it tumbled over the edge. 
"You almost dumped the plant, Edison. Ms. Argon will turn you into a stuffed doorstop if you kill one of her plants."
She reached down and scratched the cat's back. He responded with a loud purr. She straightened the pot. 
"Looks like this plant is already on its last leg. Or rather stem. Its leaves look like shamrocks, but it hasn't been too lucky."
It was the only plant Meredith had seen in the apartment that wasn't healthy. The tiny flowers were so badly shriveled it was impossible to tell what color they had been. The leaves were wilted, and the dirt in the pot was hard and dry.
Meredith picked up her tiny rug and shook it out in front of the bed. The cup spilled out and rolled across the carpet. Edison growled and pounced. He caught it just before it hit the chair leg. 
"Good catch, Edison," Meredith said as she pulled the cup from between his paws. He swiped at her with an indignant meow.
She went to the bathroom sink. In the fluorescent light the cup had a definite blue tint that she hadn't noticed in the turret. Maybe it was just the candlelight that had made it look black. 
After watering the plant, she filled the cup again and waited for the water to seep into the soil. The chair cushion didn't offer much padding, but the plastic had a spring to it as she sat down. She set the cup on the windowsill. 
Leaning forward, she clasped her hands around the cup and gazed at the liquid. A reflection of the moon floated in the water. In the moonlight, the shiny lines on the cup appeared brighter than last night. 
Ripples from her breath distorted the image. Her eyes felt heavy. A mist skimmed over the surface. It looked like the form of a bird landing on the water in slow motion. She caught a whiff of tart cinnamon and suddenly was wide-awake. The mist swirled to the sides of the cup, and she bent closer. Something bobbed up and down on the ripples. Cool, damp air touched her face making her shiver. It was a girl floating on a piece of wood. 
She heard voices that sounded far away. 
"I want to save the girl."
"Meredith?"
"Hurry, there's not much time."
"Wait at the door."
"Meredith."
There was a knocking sound, and she looked up. Doris was in the doorway.
"Didn't you hear me calling? Dinner's ready."
Meredith turned back to the cup. The image was gone. The water was clear. As she closed the curtains she thought she saw a shadow in the gazebo doorway, but it faded quickly.


CHAPTER 6 - STRAWBERRY CREPES

Meredith stretched and blinked at the alarm clock's glowing red numbers. 7:00 a.m. Morning sunlight fell on the potted plant in front of the window. The flowers were still shriveled, but the leaves no longer drooped.
Peppy guitar music drifted down the hall. It thrummed in her brain. Doris had unpacked her exercise video.
"Four, three, two, one. Let's just stretch that out. To throw in a balance challenge, lift your right foot and point your toes while?"
A loud crash was followed by an indignant howl. Small paws galloped down the hall. Meredith sat up as Edison dashed into the bedroom.
"Sorry, Edison?" Doris called from the living room. The music from the exercise video continued on. Edison sat on Meredith's rug. He smoothed down his fluffed tail with short, vigorous licks. 
"Do you miss Murky Manor, Edison?" Meredith scratched his ears, and he allowed himself to be comforted. 
In the morning light, the cup definitely looked blue. Faint lines appeared to be etched on its surface. She filled it with water and studied the liquid. There were no images inside. With a quick movement she dumped the water on the plant, and left the cup on the hall table.

Doris had rolled up her exercise mat, and was vacuuming up dirt. She flicked off the hand vacuum as Meredith entered. 
"Not as roomy here as it was at Murky. I'll have to make a few adjustments."  
She pursed her lips as she pressed dirt around an African Violet in a small pot. The flower looked lopsided. Several of its leaves were broken. Doris set it on the end table and gave it a critical look. 
"I don't think Ms. Argon will notice, do you?" 
Meredith smirked. "Uh?maybe it will recover before we move out."
Doris nodded. "What say we head down to the Clipper and get some fruit crepes?"
"Won't that defeat your exercising?"
"Nonsense. That's why I exercise. Well, one reason. It's not raining yet. We'll walk. That'll burn off some calories."

Meredith looked over the menu while they waited for the server. Pancakes and waffles dripping with butter and whip cream. Eggs loaded with cholesterol. Bacon and sausage oozing with fat. And everything topped with sugary syrup. 
If she kept eating like this, she wouldn't have to worry if her clothes were in fashion. She'd have to buy a whole new wardrobe. She could even buy pink. Heather was fanatical about weight control. A slow smile crept across her lips. But Heather wasn't here now. She decided to go with the crepes and whip cream.
"Hello, I am Amari. Have you chosen?"  
The words had a strong cadence. Almost like a chant. Meredith looked up to see the waitress. It was the girl who had been clearing Ms. Argon's table a couple nights ago. Her dark blue eyes almost matched the streaks in her black hair. Meredith wasn't sure if they were highlights or dark blue dye. 
"Strawberry crepes," Meredith said. "With whip cream."
"Straw-berry crepes," Amari repeated, enunciating each syllable. She stared at Meredith's hands, then turned to Doris. "You have chosen?"
"Sounds good to me," Doris said. "I'll have whip cream too."
Meredith glanced at her nails. They looked fine. What was she looking at? As Amari walked away Meredith noticed the back of her T-shirt. It had a picture of a large pine tree with words in a circle around it. Evergreen Landscaping - We Beautify Your Yard. 
Meredith made a face. Who'd wear a shirt with an advertisement on it? Especially in public. If Heather were here, she would be hysterical. 
When Amari returned with the food, Meredith noticed her belt buckle had a buffalo on it. Where did she get those strange clothes? 
Meredith looked down at her own outfit. Heather had helped her pick it out. Her t-shirt had a sprinkling of tiny white flowers scattered across one shoulder. It was the perfect shade of blue to coordinate with her navy shorts. 
The crepes were delicious. Each bite was a mix of sweet pastry, slightly tart berries, and smooth cream. She scooped up the last spoonful.
"Gramps asked me to bring this out." 
Tony set a small plate down on the table. It held a heart shaped scoop of ice cream surrounded by a drizzle of chocolate syrup. An imbedded strawberry leaned off center, and slowly slipped down the side of the mound. 
Meredith swallowed. The crepes felt heavy in her stomach. Maybe all this sweetness was not such a good idea first thing in the morning.
Doris giggled. "Well that's very pretty, but even a walk back to the apartment won't compensate for this meal and that dainty. Why don't the two of you split it? I told Ms. Argon I would meet her this morning to set up an appointment with the repairman. Don't let the sugar go to your heads. Stay out of trouble."
Tony slid into her spot, and grabbed a fork. "You want the strawberry?"
Meredith picked up the berry and nibbled on it while Tony gobbled up the ice cream. She watched Doris talk to Carlo at the cash register. They leaned toward each other over the counter. For a terrible moment, Meredith was afraid he was going to kiss her. She sighed with relief when they both started laughing instead. 
"Would have been a great morning for fishing." 
The voice came from a nearby table where two old men sat. The speaker's gnarled fingers were wrapped around his coffee cup. The other man spoke up.
"Yep. Just like yesterday and the day before. We been out every day this week and haven't caught a thing. Even the pesky seagulls seem to have flown off somewhere."
"I think maybe it's that tropical storm hanging out in the Atlantic. Helga I think they named it. Animals can sense those kind of things you know."
	The clinking of plates turned Meredith's attention back to her table. Amari was picking up the dishes. How had she sneaked up so quietly? She held out the plate, and pointed to the stem Meredith was still holding. Surprised, Meredith dropped it on the plate. Amari's flip flops slapped softly as she walked away. 
"She's weird," Meredith said. "Does she live around here?"
Tony shrugged. "Just showed up one day and wanted a job. Gramps said she must have waited tables before somewhere. Seems to know what she's doing. Real quiet though - and talks funny when she says anything at all."


CHAPTER 7 - FOG IN THE RAINFOREST

They returned to Green Earth Condos. Hank was coming out the front door muttering to himself.
"Crazy summer. Cold and rainy all the time. Now the fog's getting inside the building." He looked up and smiled. "Watch your step in there. Ms. Argon must have brought in a fog machine for her rainforest." 
When they entered the lobby, thin strands of mist crawled over the marble floor. A patch hovered by the wall fountain. The running water made Meredith want to head upstairs to the bathroom.
"No one at the front desk," Tony said. Then he dropped his voice to a hoarse whisper. "The Amazon is out. Let's check out the indoor rainforest."
He grabbed her hand and pulled her down the path through the ornamental trees. A short footbridge spanned a shallow pond. He fumbled in his pocket and pulled out a couple pennies. Grinning, he dropped one in her hand. He flipped the other coin into the water. It landed with a soft plop. Meredith was about to toss the coin when she heard a woman's voice.
"You won't have any trouble at the house. They're both staying here until the job is done."  
Meredith's fingers closed around the coin. She turned to Tony. 
"The Amazon." She mouthed the words.
A man's voice answered. "Good. I don't want any annoying children under my feet when I'm trying to work. The old lady will be difficult enough. But I'm very interested in this job. That house is unique. It deserves special attention." His voice was high pitched and grating.  
"Well, don't take too long on the job. My plants aren't used to carelessness," Argon said. "One child attracts another. Now that boy is hanging out here too."
"There's more stray kids than cats these days," he said. "I think this town is a corridor for runaways. Did you see that strange one at the Clipper?"
"Just because her hair is dyed blue doesn't make her strange."
His voice had a slight whine. "I'm not so sure it's dye. Her eyes are the same dark blue." 
"Probably tinted contacts."
"I don't think so. There's something uncanny going on behind those eyes. Do we know where she's from?"
"You're not going to say from Atlantis are you?"  Her voice sounded tired.
"The Atlanteans were very fond of blue," he said. "A deep blue the color of the sea. Some progressive scholars believe they all had blue eyes."
"Lots of people have blue eyes. That doesn't mean they're from Atlantis."
"Sometimes it is the dreamers that have a clear understanding of the truth. The dusty minds of professors are clouded and can't interpret the facts that are right in front of them."
"In what facts have you found hidden truth?" 
"When I find the artifact you'll see." He sounded arrogant like a know-it-all professor. "What do you think is causing all this strange weather? Things are out of alignment. Just like they were 150 years ago. They were having strange weather then too. And in the Captain's notes, he described IT as blue."
A chair scraped across the tile floor. Meredith pulled on Tony's arm and they raced outside. 

 They didn't stop until they reached the gazebo. Panting, Meredith collapsed onto the bench. It was chilly inside the building.
Tony sprawled on the other bench. "Who do you think she was talking to?"
Meredith shivered. It took a few moments for her eyes to adjust to the dimness. "I hope he's not the guy Doris hired to fix the electric. It sure sounded like he was describing Murky Manor."
"Is it really spooky there?" Tony asked.
She laughed. "Well, there are a lot of odd things in the house. Apparently the Captain brought them back from his voyages. I don't know how he found room on the ship for anything else."
"What kind of stuff?"
"Oh, old paintings and photographs. Corners are filled with statues and urns. Walls are covered with face masks, swords, and tapestries. It was eerie that night the power went out. It's pretty dark in there without electricity, even in the middle of the day."
Meredith swung her feet back under the bench, and they hit something soft. She hung her head down over her knees and squinted into the shadow. 
"What's this?" Her fingers dug into cloth. When she pulled on it, she almost tumbled off the bench. A canvas bag slid into view.
Tony said, "That wasn't here yesterday. What's in it?"
"Probably old rags for cleaning."
The drawstring gave way, and the bag fell open. Inside were t-shirts, jeans, skirts, and a pair of old tennis shoes. She held up one of the shirts. Cater Lake was printed across the front. She grimaced. 
"Tourist stuff. Look at this." She giggled as she held up a brown skirt with a parrot and palm tree. 
"That would look good on the Amazon," Tony said.
"I don't think they'd fit her. 
Something pink was near the bottom. She tugged on it, and pulled out a jacket. The soft fleece slid over her arm. She ran her fingers over its surface. The dim light cast shadows making the fabric in the folds a deep rose color. Something fluttered to the floor, and Tony picked it up.
"What is it?" Meredith asked.
They bent over it together as Tony unfolded the piece of paper. "It's a clipping from a newspaper. Looks like a tree with some patchy fog on the ground."
"That's the willow tree," Meredith said.
"The one outside here? That doesn't look like the park."
"No. The one at Murky. Must be late in the day because there isn't much fog. There's just that strange column of mist next to the tree. It goes up several feet. Read the caption."
Tony read. "When Captain Morgan moved into the old manor, the fog moved in with him. It wasn't long before neighbors dubbed the place Murky Manor. This picture was taken from the newly constructed turret that Robert Morgan added to the house he inherited from his father. Note the strange column of mist in the yard."
"Willow trees seem to attract fog," Meredith said.
"Could be just water from a sprinkler."
She nodded. "Wonder who left these clothes here."
"Maybe that guy is right," Tony said. "Maybe there's a runaway living right here in the gazebo."
Meredith was thoughtful as she put the clipping and the jacket back in the bag. "Last night I thought I saw a shadow in the doorway."
"You mean while we were here?"
"No, silly. Later. From my window."  
"You can see the gazebo from your window?"  He leaned out the door and squinted. "Yeah. I can see part of the building through the trees. Can't really make out windows though. Looks like it might rain."
"That's not all I saw last night," she said. 
He sat down next to her, and put one foot up on the bench. With a disarming grin he said, "Do tell. What other shadows did you see?"
Unlike Amari's dark blue, alien eyes, Tony's eyes were a clear blue. In spite of, or was it because of, his casual manner she felt drawn to him. He invited confidence. She found herself telling about the cup, and the image floating in it.
"This cup was from the manor?"
She nodded. "It belonged to the Captain."
A crack like a twig breaking made her look towards the window. It was getting dark outside. She could just make out the waving willow tree branches. 
She jumped up. "Let's get back to the condo before the storm hits."  
It felt weird to be afraid of a storm. She loved storms. Why did this feel different?

The rain started when they reached the back door. They took the stairs. Edison met them at the door with loud meows.
Meredith laughed. "I better feed him. The cup is on the table at the end of the hall."
As Tony went to get the cup, she popped open a can of cat food and crinkled up her nose. 
"Is it this blue one with no handle?" Tony called.
"Dark blue," she called back. "I don't know how you eat this stuff, Edison. This is disgusting."  She scraped the food into his bowl. Loud purrs were punctuated with gulping as he tried to eat and purr at the same time. His fur was soft against her fingers as she scratched his back. It was almost as soft as the pink jacket.
She stood up and called, "Did you find it?" There was no answer. "Tony?" 
She heard a soft moan. A chill went down her spine, and she looked around the corner. Tony stood in front of the small table. His hands gripped the cup as he leaned over it. 
 With a few quick steps she was beside him. 
"Tony? Are you alright?" She put her hands around his on the cup. Water sloshed inside. He looked up.
"It looks like it goes down a long way?" His voice trailed off and his fingers released their grip. 
"Careful," she said. Water spilled onto her fingers as she caught the cup. 
The front door opened. Doris called, "Meredith? You home?"
"Down the hall watering the plant," Meredith called. She dumped the water onto the fichus tree and set the cup back on the table. It wasn't her imagination. The cup was a lighter blue than she remembered.
"Well, the plants outside won't need water for awhile. Good thing I had my raincoat. It is pouring out there!" She came into the living room fluffing her hair. It floated out from her head and settled back down in a red mass. "Oh, hello, Tony. I picked up some donuts. If we're lucky they'll still be hot."
Tony looked up. His stomach rumbled. Meredith snickered, and they followed Doris into the dining room. As she opened the box the smell of sugar and cinnamon drifted up.


CHAPTER 8 - THE CAPTAIN'S CHURCH

Meredith's blue sundress flared out as she twirled in front of the mirror. The nice thing about church, she thought, was dressing up. She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear, but it refused to stay. With a smile, she slipped on her sandals and admired her small feet. She hurried down the hall. Carlo and Tony had just arrived.
"I thought we might visit the old Lutheran church up the street," Carlo said. "The building is over 200 years old making it an historical site."
"That might be interesting," Doris said. "The realtor who sold me Murky mentioned it has a long history in the town." 
"There are some really old tombstones in the churchyard," Tony whispered as they followed the adults down the stairs. "Some go back to the 1700's and have some pretty clever epitaphs."
Meredith grimaced. "Sounds great." Now I'm dressing up for dead people she thought. 

The church was an imposing, gothic structure. It sat back from the road with a small cemetery on the side. The grass was well kept, but the tombstones were old and worn. Some leaned at odd angles.
They passed through the tall, red double doors into a dim sanctuary. The walls, furnishings, floor, and ceiling were all polished oak. Stained glass windows scattered a rainbow of colors across the glossy pews.
Meredith was surprised to see Hank shuffling down the aisle toward them. A label tag identified him as an usher. 
"Hello, Hank," Doris said. "I didn't know you attended here."
"Fifty years," he said. "First time for you?"
Doris nodded.
"Ah, then you should sit in the Captain's pew."
Doris' eyes lit up. "Captain Morgan? He attended here?"
Hank nodded and led them down the aisle. His hair glistened where he had attempted to slick it down in back, but one piece was still defiant. 
He stopped at a pew near the front. "Here we are."
They filed in and sat down. Meredith stopped to read the brass plate on the end of the pew. 
"Hath not God chosen the poor of this world rich in faith, and heirs of the kingdom which he hath promised to them that love Him?"
Hank said, "Back in the days when the church charged pew rent, Captain Morgan purchased this pew for his family. His family wasn't big, and the Captain was always away on some voyage. So he stipulated that visitors and the poor could always sit in his pew." His eyes twinkled. "Some of the congregation didn't like it, but his pew was always full." 
Overpowering notes from the pipe organ flooded the room as the choir filed in. Hank sauntered back down the aisle, the tuff of hair swaying in rhythm. The music drowned out most of the singing. Meredith didn't mind. She didn't know the songs and she could sing as loud as she liked. 
After the singing, a young man came out. His short-cropped, blonde hair and tanned skin contrasted sharply with his white shirt. He announced that his sermon would be taken from Matthew chapter 6. This was the pastor? He looked more like a surfer. Meredith sat up to listen. 
He read, "So why take ye thought for raiment? Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin: and yet I say unto you, that even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these."
She picked up the church bulletin and read the sermon title. "Faith or Fashion? Which do you follow?" Meredith slumped back in the pew. He wasn't going to be very interesting after all.

Tony seemed disappointed that there wasn't time to visit the cemetery. At least she was spared walking through the wet grass in open sandals. Instead, they headed to the Clipper for the Sunday special. 
The only fresh seafood listed on the mermaid's sign was Blackened Catfish. The other specials were all steak and chicken dishes.
"I was hoping there would be more choices by the time we got here," Carlo said. "Apparently the fishing still hasn't picked up."
"Any idea what the trouble is?" Doris said.
"They seem to be blaming it on tropical storm Helga. That storm has been out there for a week now. It fluctuates daily. Meteorologists don't know what to make of it. It just sits out there. If it decides to come inland, it could be a real disaster."


CHAPTER 9 - AN UNEXPECTED TRIP

After dinner Meredith changed into blue shorts and a t-shirt with white trim. She took the cup and met Tony in the lobby. It was muggy and the windows were clouded over with moisture. 
They headed for the gazebo. It wasn't as humid outside, but her hair curled and frizzed even in the hair clip's grip. The damp breeze felt chilly against her neck. Inside the gazebo it was even cooler. 
The bag of clothes sagged on the bench. "I thought we put that back underneath," Meredith said.
"We did. Someone moved it."
Meredith set the cup down, and opened the bag. She ruffled through the contents and the newspaper clipping rustled against her hand. The pink jacket was missing. 
A crack of thunder made her jump. Rain began pattering softly on the roof. It rapidly became a downpour.
"Close the shutters or we'll get drenched," Tony shouted. "I've got this one. Get the other side."
Meredith crammed the paper into her pocket and pushed on the shutter. It slammed, pinching her finger. She cried out and pulled her hand free. 
A trickle of water ran under her sleeve as she held the shutter closed. "Tony! I can't get it latched."
Twisting her neck, she tried to look over her shoulder. A gust of wind blew dead leaves and dirt through the open door. She sneezed and lost her hold on the shutter. It banged against the wall.
Tony pushed her aside and pulled the shutters closed. "Get the door before the whole place is soaked," he said. 
She pressed her throbbing finger to her mouth and crossed the room. With a heave she slammed the door shut. Outside the rain pelted the building. She looked at her finger. The nail polish was chipped. The flower had been half scrapped away.
"Sounds like someone's throwing gravel at us," she said.
"That's hail," Tony said.
"It can't be hail. This is August."
"He held out his hand and opened his fingers. Small white crystals lay melting on his palm.
Meredith shivered. "It's cold and wet in here." If the jacket had still been in the bag she would have considered putting it on. It didn't matter who had worn it. How could it be so cold in August?
"It's only wet because you didn't get the shutters closed in time." He picked up the cup.
 "I chipped my nail polish trying to close the stupid things."
Tony blinked. "Is that all?"
"No. I smashed my finger too. Why did you leave the door open?"
"I didn't. It blew open."
A crack of thunder boomed making them both yell. 
"It's dry in the middle of the floor," Tony said. He brushed aside the dirty leaves and sat down. "Come on." He patted the floor.
Making a face, she sank down beside him. They leaned against each other back to back. She wrapped her arms around her bare legs and rested her chin on her knees. His back was warm and she stopped shivering. Soon they were breathing in rhythm. 
"Yesterday I saw an image in the cup." He said the words so softly she barely heard him over the rain.
"What did you see?" Her voice quivered.
"A sailing ship coming towards me, rising from the bottom of the cup. There was a figurehead on the front just like the one at Murky. She was even holding a globe, only there were blue flashes of light around it. I couldn't see if they were inside the globe or on the surface.
He shifted position. Cold air brushed against the backs of her arms. She scooted around so they were sitting side by side. He held the cup out. Their fingers met around it. She wasn't sure which was warmer, the cup or his fingers. How could he have warm hands when hers were like ice?  
There was a crash of thunder. A flash of light lit up the room. She squeezed her eyes shut. When she opened them it was dark and quiet. She let go of the cup and stood up. 
"What happened?" Tony said.
When Meredith's eyes adjusted to the dim light she could make out bookshelves lining the walls. 
"That looks like a stairwell," Tony said.
"We're in the turret at Murky Manor." 
"Murky Manor? That's impossible."
"Those stairs go down to my bedroom. Look out the window. There's the willow tree."
"In the park?" He knelt on the window seat. "Wow. That's not the park. How'd we get way up here? Hey, this is really cool. I've actually made it inside Murky. But how?"
"It's just like the storm the other night. The one that took out the electricity. I was in this room when the storm came up. There was lightening. Then I think I was in the gazebo for a couple minutes. The willow tree was scraping at the door. Then I was back here. It all happened so fast. I wasn't sure till now that it really happened at all."
"So we just wait and poof - we'll be back in the gazebo?"
"How should I know?"
"This is some view. It's just like that picture in the clothes bag. Whoever took that photograph must have been standing right here."
"I didn't know that willow tree was so old. This picture was taken years and years ago, and the tree hasn't changed at all." She laid the clipping on the window seat.
Tony looked surprised. "Where did that come from?"
"I put it in my pocket when the storm started," she said.
He turned back to the window. "That fog is really creepy."  
The willow tree swayed in the wind. Its branches dribbled in a swirling blanket of mist that surrounded its trunk. Several patches of fog separated and floated over the grass. They were lost to view when they drifted under the turret. 
"Long as we're here, why don't you give me a tour? Show me some of the Captain's strange stuff." He looked around the room and stopped at the desk. "Hey this is cool. Looks like a replica of the gazebo."
"We should go. We don't want to get stuck here all night." Meredith tried to keep her voice light.
"It's not that late." He lifted the gazebo's lid. "What's this?" He pulled the silk scarf out and held one corner. The fabric unfolded and the other end slithered to the floor.
"Give me that," she said and pulled the scarf out of his hand.
"Okay. Show me the other cool stuff in the house."
"The power is out, remember?" She tied the scarf around her waist. "You won't be able to see anything." She tried not to think about the drive back from the Clipper with Doris. The image of dark trees and moving shadows kept creeping into her mind.
He lit one of the candles and grinned at her through the flame. "We'll use a candle. Come on."  
"You can see stuff on the way out. It's a long walk back to the condos." 
As they stepped out into the hall she looked back. The cup was sitting on the floor. For a moment she hesitated, then snatched it up. 
Tony was standing outside the door holding the candle up to the wall. The face of a teenage boy looked down from a photograph in an elaborate frame. He stood on a pier with a small, dark object next to his hand. Behind him was a ship with the figurehead of a woman. Her hair blew out to the sides of the ship and her dress flowed down to her feet.
 "It's the figurehead I saw in the cup," Tony said.
Meredith couldn't make out any details in the candlelight. "How can you be sure? They all look alike."
"They're not all alike. Each one is individual."
"Well, that could be from Captain Morgan's ship. You can check it out when we get outside."
As they made their way down the hall, the candle illuminated only a few feet at a time. They stepped around a tall wooden statue of a hairy animal with long arms and a menacing face. 
"This would look great in my room," he said. "Do you think Doris would sell it?"
"Come on," Meredith said, and pulled on his arm.
The flickering flame made masks on the wall blink and grimace at them as they passed. She hoped the road wouldn't be as dark as the house. Tony stopped at the top of the stairs to examine a carving on the railing. 
A soft moaning came from the front of the house. 
"Creaky old place," Tony said under his breath. He leaned over the railing, and raised the candle. The light spilled down several stairs. Meredith laid her hand on his arm. He sucked in his breath and jerked his hand away. The candle went out. It was much darker in the hall than in the turret.
"Whhheerre."  The sound floated like a whisper from below. "Whhheerre."
The lines on the side of the cup were glowing faintly. They clearly outlined a flower. She tucked it under the scarf where it felt warm against her side.
 "Must be the wind coming through an open window or something," Tony said. His voice cracked.  
Meredith shook her head. Then realized he couldn't see her. "Doris checked everything several times before we left. If there's an open window, someone opened it."
She could just make out the front door. Light filtered in through the filmy curtains that covered the windows on either side. The white fabric rippled.
She squeezed Tony's hand and pointed. "Maybe you're right about the window," she said softly.
"Whhheerre."
She shivered. The whiteness moved again and separated from the window. It wasn't the curtain. Tony started backing up. He pulled on her hand. The whiteness floated across the floor towards the stairs.
"Whhheerre."
They bumped into each other. Meredith nearly fell on the steps. They stumbled down the hall. She swerved but was unable to avoid the statue. It teetered, and the leering face swooped towards her. She screamed. Tony caught the statue and pushed it back in place. She clutched his hand. They raced down the hall and scurried inside the turret. He pushed the door closed and locked it.


CHAPTER 10 - ESCAPE ON TWO WHEELS

Meredith inched toward the window. Fog hid the ground and wrapped around the willow tree. A tall column of mist coiled up and draped over one of the branches. It swirled and changed shape until it looked like a figure facing the window. It detached from the tree, and floated towards the house. Tony pulled her away from the window.
"Down the stairs," he whispered. 
Each tap of her shoes on the metal steps made her cringe. She stopped to look out the round window. Only wispy fog.
She placed her finger over her lips. Tony nodded. Together they pressed against the bedroom door and listened. Meredith squeezed her eyes shut and held her breath. Soft whispering sounds seeped through the door. The room was getting darker. Tony touched her face and their eyes met. They started back up the stairs.
When they reached the landing to the turret, Tony paused and pointed up. The stairs wound up into darkness. She shrugged. There were many places in the house she hadn't explored. Now she wished there had been more time before the power went out.
Tony started up the stairs. He motioned for her to follow. Her hand trembled on the rail. She tried to push the picture of whispering fog out of her mind and concentrated on the steps. 
As they climbed higher, the air got colder. The rail felt clammy. Tony stopped suddenly. She bumped into him, and the cup slipped out from under the scarf. It gave off a faint glow, casting soft blue light on a door. 
"That's convenient," Tony said. He tried the handle, but the door wouldn't budge. "It's stuck."
Moving the cup closer, she examined the door. The rain probably made the wood swell. Cool air blew in around the doorknob. She ran her fingers along the frame. Something clinked on the floor. They froze in place and listened, but all was silent. 
Tony reached down. With a big grin, he held up a strange old-fashioned skeleton key. The end was shaped like a flower.
"Try it," she said. "Hurry."
He put it in the lock. After several tries there was a click. She slipped the cup into the scarf. When he pushed the door open, cold, moist air hit their faces. Before them a narrow stretch of wooden flooring ran the length of the roof. It was bordered by a metal guardrail.
"A widow's walk," Tony said. "Come on. There's a door at the other end." With one hand skimming the rail, he started jogging across.
It seemed so far away. Meredith took a step. The walkway was wet. Her foot slid. With a gasp, she grabbed at the railing. The metal was cold and slimy. Tony was already out of reach. 
She glanced down. Immediately her stomach lurched. The world below had been devoured by the murk, and it was working its way up to catch them. Swallowing hard, she hoped she wasn't going to be sick. Her face was hot. She felt like she was walking against a current. One step at a time she shuffled her feet forward. Her fingers felt numb.
Tony was waiting at the other end. One more step. He pulled her inside and closed the door. Taking deep gasping breaths, she leaned back against the wall. 
"The same key works in both doors," Tony said. "What a cool place. You okay?"
"Yes," she said, but she didn't feel okay. 
"Down we go then. Let's see where these stairs lead."
"I'm not going down there," Meredith said.
"Why not? It's lighter in this stairwell. Must be windows somewhere along the way."
She slid down the wall and thumped on the floor. Wrapping her arms around her knees, she said, "I'm not going down there."
He sat down beside her and their arms touched. "We have to. There's no other way out." He nudged her gently. "Would you rather go back across the roof?"
She trembled. "No."
He reached out and his fingers tightened around her hand. Warmth flowed into her cold fingers as she got to her feet. 
"It'll be okay," he said. "I'll go first." 
They started down. Six steps, turn, six steps, turn. A closed door led into the house. A small window with opaque glass faced outside. 
Six steps, turn, six steps, turn. Another door. Another window. They continued down. The steps ended at a door, this time facing the outside wall. Tony tried the key. The door opened, and mist swirled in. Meredith jumped back, and stifled a cry. 
"Looks like there's a shed just a few yards away. We can be across in a few seconds. Come on."
She started to protest, but he had already closed the door. They ran to the shed and ducked inside.
Meredith set the cup down on a bench, and stuffed the scarf in her pocket. Her hair was tangled and wet. She shoved it under the clip. Tony's head was poked behind some boxes, and he was moving things
"What are you looking for?" she asked.
"Help me with this." His muffled voice drifted back.
She took the boxes he handed her and stacked them on the other side. With some scraping and rattling, he pulled out an old bicycle.
"Looks like the tires are still good and inflated. Transportation home."
She looked at the rusted bike with skepticism. 
"Beats walking," he said with a grin. "You can ride on the handlebars and I'll peddle. What do you say?"

They wobbled down the gravel driveway. Meredith gripped the cold metal handlebars, and gritted her chattering teeth. How had she let him talk her into this? They bumped along until they reached the asphalt road, and the ride smoothed out.
"Now we can make some time," Tony said. 
"Not too fast!" she wailed. But the wind whipped the words away. Either he didn't hear her, or he was ignoring her, because the bicycle sped up. 
"Slow down," she yelled. 
"The chain came loose," he said. "No brakes! Hang on."
Trees sped past as they shot down the winding hill. Branches whipped at her legs. Her hair worked its way free of the clip, and blew back in his face. 
"I can't see." He leaned to try and see past her. The bike swerved.
"Careful," she shouted. A patch of fog crossed the road and she gasped. "Look out." They flew through the vapor leaving her skin wet. The road leveled off. They started to slow down. In another minute they coasted to a stop. 
"That was some ride!" Tony said. "Hop off."
She twisted her hair back under the clip. In a few minutes Tony had the chain back on. The rest of the ride back was at a more reasonable pace. They left the bike in the gazebo and headed down the path towards the condos. 
Dark clouds gathered, and the wind picked up. Moving tree branches scattered light across the path. Leaves rustled as a squirrel scampered through the brush. At the front door, Meredith stopped. 
"I don't have the cup," she said.
"Did you drop it?"
"No," she said. "I left it at Murky Manor."
"We'll just have to go back for it."
A dark shadow moved through the trees. 
"Tomorrow," she said.
"Tomorrow," he agreed.
Just then the front door opened, and Carlo stepped out. 
"Tony," he said in surprise. "Doris and I were just talking about you. Meredith seems to be picking up on your bad habit of attracting mud."
Meredith glanced down. The white trim on her clothes was now spotted with gray and black.
"Come on, son. Let's go home and get you cleaned up."  He winked at Meredith as he put his arm around Tony. "See you tomorrow," he called over his shoulder.
Argon looked up from the desk as Meredith entered. A flush crept up the Amazon's neck, and her eyes widened. What now, Meredith thought. She hurried into the elevator. As she pushed the button, she looked back and saw her trail of muddy footprints across the polished green marble. 
Argon found her voice. "You've contaminated the?"
The doors swooshed closed, and the voice stopped.


CHAPTER 11 - THE CATARACT

Meredith rummaged through the dresser drawer. Everything was some shade of blue. That day of shopping with Heather had been so much fun. She was full of compliments about how pretty Meredith looked in blue. It made her eyes sparkle. It complimented the gold highlights in her hair. With tireless fervor she had pawed through the racks to find blue, blue, blue. Even her shorts were blue denim.
Everyone in Heather's group had their own color. They all blended together like a perfect rainbow. But only Heather wore pink.
The plant needed water again, but she didn't have the cup. Funny how it seemed to change colors. In the stairway it had given off a blue light. Maybe it was radioactive. The shed might be a good place for it.
She slipped a light blue shirt over her head. With a tiny smirk, she pushed her hair back to reveal the small pink flower on her pocket. Heather had missed that tiny spot of color, like a seed overlooked on the ground.
She started down the hall and heard a man's voice. He and Doris were discussing Murky Manor. His voice had a familiar grating sound. Where had she heard it? She slowed her steps. Then she remembered. It was the man the Amazon was talking to in the rainforest.
"It sounds like a simple enough job," he said. "I should be able to get the repairs done in a week."
"You're sure it'll only take a week?" Doris said
He turned to see Meredith standing in the doorway. "Yes ma'am. As long as my workers and I don't have any interruptions or anyone underfoot."
It was the man she had seen in the restaurant, the one with all the papers. The Amazon must have recommended him for the electrical job.
Doris raised her eyebrows and straightened her back. "I don't think that should be a problem. Is there a contingency in the contract in case you run over?"
"That won't be necessary. I have a commitment to sail out of here on Sunday. We'll put in whatever hours are necessary to get the job done on time."
"You have your own sailboat?" Doris asked. 
"Indeed, madam. I'm a charter member of the Antediluvian Seamen. We're meeting in the Mediterranean near Crete. I've looked forward to this all year."
"Well, then come on into the kitchen. We'll sign the contract, and I'll get you a key." She looked over at Meredith. "Tony is in the lobby waiting for you. I told him you'd be down in a few minutes."

As Meredith rode the elevator to the lobby, she read a poster that had been hung over the buttons. 

ATTENTION! Destruction of plants in this building will NOT be tolerated! Picking flowers is STRICTLY prohibited. Do NOT throw coins or trash in the ponds! Violations could result in loss of privileges and fines. Management

The doors slid open. Meredith expected to see flowers lying on the floor and a security guard with a camera. All she saw was Tony with a big grin. A small sign on the front desk read, "Manager out. Will return at 10:00. Quiet please."
"You haven't been picking flowers have you?" Meredith whispered.
He pointed to himself and mouthed, "Me?" He shook his head and motioned for her to follow him. 
From one of the paths, she heard soft pipe music mixing with the regular jungle sounds. 
"The Amazon is in the inhalatorium," he whispered.
Meredith looked confused. He pointed through the foliage. Argon was sitting cross-legged next to a pond. Her hands rested on her knees with her palms up. Thin trails of moisture rose from the water like steam and circled her fingers. In rhythm with the music, she breathed in deeply and blew the air out slowly. Each breath brought a smile to her lips. 
Tony was shaking with silent laugher. Meredith quickly pushed him out the door. 
"I met the guy that we overheard the Amazon talking to," Meredith said. "He's going to be working on Murky Manor. Get this. He has a sailboat and is a member of the Ante-di-lu-vian Seamen."
"What's that? I thought he was interested in Atlantis."
"I don't know. Maybe the Ante-whatever seamen spend their vacations looking for Atlantis. He seemed to think Amari was from Atlantis."
Tony snickered. "Yeah right. Let's go to the marina and see if we can find his boat." 
Meredith wasn't thrilled about poking around the marina. She didn't understand his interest in boats, but she was relieved he had forgotten about the cup. She wasn't ready to face the fog at Murky Manor.

As they got closer to the water, the air became cooler and damp. Tendrils of Meredith's hair escaped from the clip, curling and frizzing. She crossed her arms, and held her jacket tight against her.
A thin vapor slipped past Tony's lips as he softly whistled off key. 
He paused and looked around. "Now, how will we know which boat is Spencer's?"
Steel drum music with a Caribbean island beat reverberated from a yacht. Footsteps coming up behind them tapped in rhythm. A tall man and a woman in glittering high heels passed by them. The woman wore a cashmere sweater and Capri's. The man looked like he had stepped off the cover of a romance novel.
The woman's voice had a whine to it. "It's just a silly storm that won't amount to much. Why can't we take the yacht out? The party will be sooo boring if we spend the day at the dock."
The man shook his head. "We're not risking it. A weather front like Helga could organize quickly. I've waited a long time for a boat like the Cataract. I didn't spend all that money just to risk having it demolished so you can have a joy ride in the bay with your friends."
"You're so mean. All you think about is being first. We wouldn't have to go far?"
"We're not discussing it. This boat can sail rings around the Antediluvian tub. If there's anything to Spencer's tales, I'm going to be the one to make the discovery..." 
Their voices were drowned out by the music as they joined the group dancing on the ship's deck.
"Did he say Spencer?" Tony asked.
Meredith nodded. "Wonder if it's the same one."
A waiter in white swept past them and paused. He pivoted on his heel, and shifted the tray balanced on his shoulder. The liquid in the glasses hardly moved. 
He raised his eyebrows, and his mouth curled up in a sneer. "You must be lost," he said. "Shall I have someone escort you back to the public docks?" 
Meredith straightened up and adjusted her hair clip. "That won't be necessary. Come Anthony. Obviously Papa wouldn't park his yacht down here."
She slipped her arm through Tony's and nudged him toward the gate. He sauntered along with his hands in his pockets, whistling a tune Meredith didn't recognize. She could feel the eyes of the waiter following them all the way to the gate.


CHAPTER 12 - PIRATE

"Okay, so now where?" Tony asked.
"Lower rent. Spencer obviously can't afford the wardrobe needed for that section."
"You're the expert."
They passed motor boats with families and college kids on their decks. Soon the boats started getting smaller. They started to show signs of wear. The boats and the people were dirty and unkempt. 
"I don't think this is the right area either," Meredith said quietly. Her grip tightened on Tony's arm. "He mentioned sailing. This doesn't look like the sailboat section."
An older boy on the bow of one of the boats was watching them. His long legs unfolded as he stood up. Balancing on one thin arm, he vaulted over the railing onto the pier. 
Tony's steps slowed. "I think you're right."  
They turned around and Meredith felt a chill. A stocky boy stood in front of them. His shorts were ragged on the edges. A large bruise covered one shin. 
"What have we here?" he said with a smirk. "Looking for Daddy's yacht perhaps?"
Had he overheard her talking to the waiter and followed them?
"We're not looking for anything," Tony said. "We're just leaving."
"You can't leave yet, the party's just starting." He looked over their heads. "Isn't that right, Smiley?"
Tony stumbled into Meredith as the tall, lanky kid bumped him as he brushed past. There was no way to get around the two of them. The water looked cold and dark. Meredith wondered how deep it was, and shivered at the thought of what might be beneath the surface. She looked past them down the pier. A scruffy man was heading their way. His battered hat was pulled low, hiding his eyes. Most of his face was covered with a gray beard. 
Tony gripped her hand and said, "We're leaving."  He took a step forward pulling Meredith with him.
"Not so fast there, hothead. You need to show some respect for your elders. A walk down the plank might be just the thing to cool you off."
Smiley chuckled, and the sound made Meredith shiver.
"You have the best ideas, Bart," Smiley said. "A walk down the plank is just the thing."
Bart dropped his hand on Tony's shoulder. Tony tried to jerk away. Suddenly there was a white blur. Bart's hand was yanked free when something hit him in the back. With a yell of surprise he was knocked off the dock. Water splashed over the pier soaking Meredith's feet. She gasped at the cold and at the large white dog. It snarled at Bart as he splashed in the water.   
The dog whipped its head around and bolted after Smiley. The boy's long legs pelted down the pier with the white blur snarling and snapping at his ankles. He leapfrogged across several boats and jumped to the next pier. 
The scruffy man yelled, "Pirate!  Heel!" The dog trotted back. With a snort it flopped down at his feet. The dog was all white except for a black spot around one eye. It looked at Tony and Meredith and wagged its tail briefly.
"Your uncle doesn't want you hanging around down here causing trouble," the man called to Bart. "After you cool off you head for home. I don't want to see you down here anymore."
Bart pulled himself out of the water. Dripping and shivering, he slunk down the pier at a shuffling run. 
Meredith realized she was still gripping Tony's hand. She let go and stuffed her hand in her pocket.
"I've told those kids to stay away from here. Pirate has it in for those two delinquents. Can't say as I blame him." He reached down and scratched the dog's ears. Pirate closed his eyes and rolled his head back.
"Folks call me Smitty," he said. "What brings you two down here?" He pushed his hat back. Friendly brown eyes appraised them. He wasn't as dirty as Meredith had at first thought. He looked like one of the wooden carvings of sailors that were sold in the art shops along the wharf. All he needed was a pipe to complete the picture. 
"I hope you're not looking for trouble," he said, and crossed his arms over his chest.
Meredith smiled. "Oh no sir. We're looking for?for?"
"Spencer," Tony said. "We heard he had a boat down here."
"Hummph. How do you know Spencer?"
"He's ah?he's working on my aunt's house," Meredith said. 
"Really? What house would that be?"
"Murky Manor," Tony said with a big grin.
"I see," Smitty said. "Then your aunt must be Doris, and that would make you Meredith."
Meredith's eyes got wide. She was speechless.
He laughed. "Surprised? Don't be. We all know about Murky Manor down here on the docks. Old Captain Morgan was quite a character. Who's your partner?"
"This is Tony," Meredith said.
"Ah yes, of course. Carlo's grandson. You look just like him."
Tony made a face, and Meredith giggled. She turned back to Smitty. "Did you know Captain Morgan?"
"Hah! I'm not that old," he said with disgust. "But I've heard that the Captain brought back some mysterious things from his voyages. Many of them are still in the old house."
"There are some weird things there," Meredith said.
"Wouldn't mind seeing some of those things myself," he muttered. He took a deep breath. "Well, now, you were asking about Spencer's ship. You don't want to be down this pier." He jerked his thumb back the way they had come. "Head back to the main boardwalk and turn two piers down."
"Thank you," Meredith said.
"Pirate can't be everywhere so you need to watch where you're headed. Now come up and say hello to Pirate."
The big dog got up, and Meredith took a step back.
Smitty chuckled. "He's just showing his manners. Standing up when he's introduced to a lady. Step up and let him smell your hand."
Trembling, Meredith forced herself to step forward and reach out. Pirate pushed his nose into her hand. His tongue came out and licked her palm. She giggled and ran her fingers over his silky fur.
"Now you, Tony."
Tony did the same, and the dog sat down.
"Now be off with you. And say hello to Doris and Carlo."
He turned away and ambled down the pier. Pirate trotted by his side.
Meredith's shoes squished as they headed back to the boardwalk. She left behind a line of wet footprints.


CHAPTER 13 - THE ANTEDILUVIAN

As the sky clouded over, the temperature dropped. Meredith's open mesh shoes dried quickly, but her feet were cold. She wished she had worn jeans instead of shorts. 
They turned and headed towards the water. Endless rows of sailing vessels filled both sides of the pier. 
"Smitty was right. This is where the sailboats are," Tony said. 
 "Yep. This should really narrow it down," Meredith said. They all looked alike. What difference did it make which one was Spencer's?
Gray sky blended into gray fog. It blanketed the water and hid the blackness beneath. A drop of water hit her arm. Then another. Great. It was starting to rain.
"Tell me again why we're doing this," Meredith said. She hugged her arms to her chest to keep out the cold air. She wondered who was wearing the pink fleece jacket. It would have been warmer.
"Aren't you curious?" Tony said. He started reading the names of boats they passed. "Seahorse, Poseidon, Hesperus. That one doesn't sound much like the water. Sea Otter, Coral Reef." He stopped at a white boat with gold trim. A small three-pronged spearhead had been painted next to the name.
"An-te-di-lu-vian," he read. 
"What's that picture next to the name?"
"It's a trident. A fishing spear. It's the symbol for Poseidon the sea god in Greek mythology. He used it for creating earthquakes and tsunamis."
"I thought that was Neptune."
"Same guy. Neptune was his Roman name. This has to be Spencer's boat."
 "You can't be sure," she said. "It could be a popular name."
"Oh come on. How many Antediluvian Seaman do you think there are in this port?"
"Well, there's the one with the yacht."
"Right. He called Spencer's boat an Antediluvian tub."
"Yes," she said slowly. "I suppose he meant it wasn't new."
Tony sniffed. "It's not new, but it's in great shape. All it really needs is a good paint job. I'd hardly call it a tub."
"That's because you're not comparing it to a yacht."
"I think that guy's wrong. I think this boat is lots faster than his fancy rig."
"Well, fast or not, I'm ready to go home. It's raining. My feet are cold. I'm cold. Pretty soon the whole place will be covered in fog."  
Faint voices drew Meredith's attention away from the boat. At the end of the pier, a patch of pink was visible against the gray. Someone was sitting on the edge looking out over the water.
"We could check it out," Tony said. "No one's around." 
She turned back to him. "Are you crazy?  We don't know whose boat that is."
"It's Spencer's boat. It has to be."
"Well even if it is. What if he's on board sleeping or something?"
"Yeah, I guess," he said wistfully. "I would like to know what's with that guy. After all, he is working on your aunt's house."
Meredith hardly heard him. It was a girl's voice coming from the end of the pier. She could almost make out the words. Suddenly she wanted to know who was down there. Was someone in the water?  
"I think she's talking to someone," Meredith said.
"Who?"
She pointed to the end of the pier, and started walking. 
Tony trotted up beside her. "I thought you wanted to go home."
"Never mind that," she said. "I think that's Amari and she's wearing the jacket from the gazebo."
As they got closer, a column of mist rose up out of the fog. It swayed back and forth. For a moment it hung motionless, then sank back into the water.
The girl cried out in a long wail, "Nooo!" and swiveled around. "You have disrupted the contact. Why are you here?"
Tony shrugged. "We came to find a boat."
"There are many boats here." She looked confused.
"Tell me about it," Meredith said. "They all look alike."
"We were looking for a particular boat," Tony said. "The Antediluvian."
"Were you talking to someone?" Meredith asked. "I thought I heard voices." The fog swirled and wavered, like it was trying to solidify. She forced her gaze back to Amari. 
"Antediluvian." Amari said the word slowly. She looked out over the water. "Before the flood. Before the water. Could they mean other side of the water?" She stomped her foot. "What does it mean?"
"We found it," Tony said.
"They said you would. You must show me," Amari said.
"It's right back there?," Tony said.
Amari's eyes flashed with anger. "You left it unguarded?"
"Well it's not exactly ours," Meredith said. Why was she getting so upset about Spencer's boat?
"Of course it isn't yours," Amari said. "It is," she paused, "antediluvian. You must show me where it is."
Meredith stared. "The boat?"
Amari narrowed her eyes. "I don't believe you have it. You can't be the right one. They must have meant someone else."
The rain turned to a fine mist. The wind picked up. Sailboats at the dock slipped in and out of view as clumps of fog passed over the pier. Moisture was soaking through Meredith's jacket. 
"I've had enough," Meredith said. She turned to Tony. "I'm going home."
A gust of wind buried them in fog. Everything was gray mist. Something soft brushed against Meredith's hand. She jerked her arm away. 
"Tony? Where are you?"
"Wow, this is really eerie." Tony's voice came through the cloud in front of her. The wind shifted and suddenly they were staring at each other. Meredith looked around. Amari was gone.
"That was weird," Tony said. "Where did she go?" He looked around. "Never mind. I'm ready to go home too."
As they walked up the pier Meredith said, "I think she was talking to the mist. Just like the mist at Murky."


CHAPTER 14 - PLANTS, MOLD, AND MILDEW

Water stains spotted Meredith's blue jacket. She considered tossing it in the wash. But it was chilly outside, and she didn't have a spare. She put it on. It had a weathered look that made her feel adventurous. All she needed was a Raiders hat. Maybe in pink. Wouldn't that surprise Heather?
She stopped to check the plant before leaving her room. It was still dry, but the leaves weren't drooping. It certainly needed a lot of water. She dumped a full glass on the dry dirt.
In the elevator, there was a new sign. What now?

ATTENTION! Bringing plants into this building is STRICTLY prohibited. This activity will NOT be tolerated! Violations could result in loss of privileges and fines. Management
 
There were more silly rules here than at school. The doors opened. Meredith stopped to listen to the weather channel on the corner television set.
"The storm front named Helga is still just a tropical depression. It shows signs of organizing into a hurricane, but so far has only generated rainsqualls and turbulent waters. Meteorologists are baffled at the way Helga has not moved or changed significantly for almost a week. Astronomers have jokingly named it Earth's Great Gray Spot in reference to the storm that has raged on Jupiter for centuries. Hopefully this storm will move on sooner than that." The announcer chuckled at his own joke. "Coastal areas can expect more fog and rain."
"Mildew. Mold and mildew."
Meredith jumped at the voice behind her. Argon thumped a spray bottle down on the desk. She gave Meredith a withering look. 
"I've made adjustments to the temperature settings. We must keep the doors closed at all times," Argon said. 
All the time? How were people going to get in and out?
"The only hope of keeping the environment in here clean is through a controlled atmosphere," she continued. "Air quality is key."
Moisture coated the bottom half of the windows. Light coming through the top filtered through the rainforest and fell on the Amazon in tiny speckles. It made her skin look like a moss covered brown rock. She looks like she is growing mold, Meredith thought. At least Heather didn't pick sickly green for me.
"You must also mention to that boy that he is not to bring in any foreign spores on his clothing. I don't want any more of that." She pointed to the wastebasket.
Meredith leaned over and looked inside. A wilted blue flower lay at the bottom of the trash can. She thought she caught a faint whiff of cinnamon.
"That's a blue daisy," Meredith said.
"That is not a daisy."
"What is it?"
"I don't know. The important thing is that it is dead. I don't want them multiplying and destroying the delicate balance I have established in this conservatory."
"We'll be careful, Ms. Argon."
"See that you are."

Meredith hurried down the path and pushed aside the willow tree branches. She stepped out from under the canopy and stopped in mid stride. A vine climbed up the gazebo wall. Brilliant blue flowers with tiny orange centers poked through an abundance of leaves. 
She took a deep breath. The scent of tart cinnamon was overwhelming. Well, we didn't plant them she thought. As long as the Amazon doesn't come out here, we should be safe. Tony was waiting inside.
"How do you like the flowers?" Tony said. "Makes me want apple pie or a donut. Don't suppose you brought any?"
"No. Where did they come from?  Did you plant them?"
"Not me. Not really sure you can call it planting. There's no dirt in the pot. They're growing in water."
"Really? Just water?"
"Yep."
"Somehow one got into the lobby. The Amazon found it and she's really furious. There's a new posting in the elevator about it. She insisted I tell you not to bring in any foreign spores."
Tony's eyes got big. "Whoa. That makes me sound like an alien. I thought she was the one from another planet."
A shadow fell across Tony's face. Startled, Meredith turned. Amari stood in the doorway holding one of the flowers. Her strange blue eyes stared at them.  
"Speaking of otherworldly," Tony mumbled.
Meredith shot him a warning glance.  He looked down and mouthed, "Sorry."
"It is sun flower," Amari said.
"Humph," Tony said. "That's not a sunflower. Everyone knows sunflowers are big and yellow with lots of seeds."
Amari tucked it behind her ear. The blue in the petals complimented the streaks in her hair. "It opens and closes with the sun. It is sun flower."
"Okay, it's a blue sunflower." He looked questioningly at Meredith and spread his hands.
"Maybe that's not its official name," Meredith said.  Maybe that's just what it's called where she comes from.  Where do you come from, Amari?"
Their eyes met. Meredith wanted to look away, but the blue eyes fascinated her. They were uncanny. Not even cats had eyes that color.
"From other side of the water."
Meredith said, "Huh?"
"Antediluvian," Amari said.
"We're back to that again," Tony said. 
Meredith wondered if she was playing dumb. What was she hiding? Spencer might be right about her being a runaway. Or just crazy.
"Who were you talking to on the pier?" Meredith asked.
Amari shook her head. "They left before telling me."
"Who left?" Meredith breathed out the words. She was afraid of the answer. The image of the mist rising out of the fog was too similar to the mist that floated up the stairs at Murky. 
"Water wisps. The keepers of the Misty Way."
 Tony cleared his throat. "This is getting creepy."
"Then there really are creatures," Meredith said. "It wasn't just our imagination when they floated across the lawn and came up the stairs."
Amari gasped. "Where? Where did you see them?"
"Murky Manor," Tony said. "But it's always foggy there.  It could have been anything."
Amari grabbed Meredith's arm. Even through the jacket, her grip was fierce. "You must take me there." Her voice was low and urgent.
Meredith felt a wave of panic. She jerked her arm back. Amari gasped and let go.
"I?I am sorry," she said backing up. "I didn't mean?" she took a couple steps to the door.
"Wait!" Meredith said.  
Amari turned back.
Meredith rubbed her arm. "Are these water wisps dangerous?"
"They are powerful, but mean us no harm. They brought me here to find it. If I cannot, the storm will come for everyone."
Tony stood up. "Let's check out Murky Manor. Maybe we can figure out what she's talking about. While we're there we can get the cup."


CHAPTER 15 - WATER WISPS AT THE MANOR

Meredith shivered, but not just from the chilly, damp air. She trudged along behind the others up the twisting road. At each bend, the gloom seemed to settle deeper. 
Finally, they emerged from the tunnel of trees. Murky Manor sat in the deep vapor that buried the yard. It covered the porch leaving the door floating in a gray pool. The figurehead appeared to be flying over clouds. It only needed wings to look like an angel or a mythological creature.
"Where are they?" Amari asked.
"Let's check the shed," Meredith said.
Tony led the way. He waved his arm making the fog separate just long enough to see where to put his feet. It immediately flowed back into place hiding the ground. Amari followed him. Meredith came last.
"The fog wasn't nearly this thick last year at Halloween," Tony said. "This is dense. You have to wade through this stuff like water."
Meredith couldn't see her feet. Actually she couldn't see anything below her knees. The pink jacket glided in front of her as if Amari's feet weren't touching the ground. Meredith stumbled when her foot strayed off the walkway.  
They reached the shed. Tony pulled open the door. The boxes they had moved to get the bicycle out had been stacked neatly back in place. The bench was empty.
"Where do you think you left it?" Tony asked.
"On the bench," Meredith said. "It's gone."
"Where are they?" Amari asked.
"Who?"
"The water wisps," she said impatiently. "Did we not come to find them?"
"You must have left it in the house," Tony said. He grinned at Amari. "That's where we saw the water wisps."
"I left it on the bench," Meredith said.  
"Well let's just go look inside. It's obviously not here," Tony said.

They decided to take the back stairway. When they got to the hidden door it wouldn't open. 
"You locked it?" Meredith asked.
"Not me," Tony said.
"You must have. Now how are we going to get in?"
"I still have the key," Tony said with a smug smile. He pulled it out of his pocket, and held it up.
"Sun flower," Amari said pointing at the key. "It is sun flower."
Meredith looked at the key. It did look like the blue flowers.
"Odd," Tony said. He shrugged. They went inside, and shut the door. Meredith tried the handle. It was locked.  
"Don't lose that key," she said. "The door locks automatically."
Amari started up the stairs, and they followed.
"Do we need to go across the roof to the turret?" Tony asked.
"We're not going out there," Meredith said. There was no way she was walking across that roof again in the fog.
"If you left the cup in the turret. . ." he began.
"I left it in the shed," she interrupted.
There was a creek of old hinges as Amari opened a door on the landing. Meredith peeked past her. The second floor hallway stretched out in front of them. Amari stepped onto the carpet and headed down the hall.
"Where's she going?" Tony whispered.
Meredith shrugged. "Come on."
When they caught up to her, she was staring at the photograph that hung outside the turret room.
"It's him," she said softly. "He looks older somehow, but it's him and he has the sensor." 
What had been just a dark object by candlelight, Meredith could see plainly now. "It's the cup I left in the shed," she said. 
"Who is the woman?" Amari asked.
"Probably just a figurehead," Tony said. "The sailors on the old ships thought they brought good fortune."
Amari leaned forward. "She has lovely slippers."
"Only one," Tony said. "The other foot is hidden by her dress."
"When did you become interested in fashion?" Meredith asked.
"Not fashion. It's expert carving. Creating a quality figurehead took a lot of time and effort by a skilled craftsman. Look at the detail on this lady."
"Where do we find them?" Amari said.
"Figureheads?" Meredith asked. "This particular one is outside attached to the house. We could check it out on the way to the shed. Where I left the cup."
Amari shook her head. "No. Where do we find the boy and the sensor?"
"If that's Captain Morgan, he's been dead for a hundred years," Tony said.
"How is this possible?" Amari sounded confused. "It has only been a few weeks since the sensor was lost."
"Why do you keep calling it a sensor?" Meredith asked.
"It gives warning when our worlds are about to touch," Amari said. "It does not belong to this world. The water wisps have warned that the storm will come if it remains here. We must find it. The storm will come for us if the sensor is not returned." 
"Are you trying to say you're not from this world?" Tony asked.
"Is it not evident?" she said with a smile. "Come.  Show me the room where you left the sensor."
"The turret room," Tony said pointing to the door.
Meredith muttered under her breath, "I left it in the shed." 
He reached for the doorknob. 
"We're not going to be able to get in," Meredith said. "Remember we left it locked."
The latch turned, and the door swung open. He glanced at Meredith with a wry smile. 
"We did lock it," she said.
"Well someone obviously unlocked it," Tony said. 
"There's no electricity in this room, so there's no reason for the workers to come in here."
Meredith pushed the door shut behind them, and curled up on a window seat. She crossed her arms, and watched as they searched the room.
Tony finally slumped onto the other cushioned seat.  "Guess you're right. It's not here."
Meredith rolled her eyes. Amari sat down beside her and nodded to the yard below. The only thing visible was the tops of the trees.
"It is like the crow's nest on board the Sea Hawk," she said, "except there were no trees poking out of the fog."
"You were onboard a ship?" Tony asked.
She ran her fingers through her hair. The blue strands stood out against her tanned skin. 
"The fog was thick. Captain Bardo said I had good eyes, and wanted me to act as lookout. We were shorthanded. He couldn't spare any of the men. I didn't want to go."
She leaned back against the wall and began her story.


CHAPTER 16 - ESCAPE FROM THE INN

"You'll only be underfoot on deck," Bardo said.
Amari cringed as she touched the slimy ropes leading to the crow's nest.
His voice softened. "We're all afraid, girl." He turned away.
Amari scuttled up the wet rigging as the mist rolled over the water. It slipped onto the bow of the Sea Hawk and crept across the deck. 
She looked down to where Captain Bardo stood at the helm. He brushed back his dripping hair and pulled his hat down firmly. Moisture from the air mixed with his perspiration making the rough clothes cling to his muscular frame.  
As the Sea Hawk ventured further into the narrow waterway, the sensors began to shimmer and turn a dark sapphire blue. Until now, Amari had not paid any attention to the sensors. They were standard equipment on every vessel that ventured out on the deep. The dull black caps were the only thing to give warning when a ship drifted too close to the shadow world. They were attached to the ends of the poles holding the sail in place. Dull black became bright blue when the ship entered the Misty Way and strayed too close to a vortex.
Those who ignored the sensor warnings and foolishly entered the narrow channel seldom returned. No one knew for sure what lurked behind the impenetrable fogbanks that flanked both sides, but it reached out and swallowed ships whole.  

Before coming on this voyage Amari worked at the Flying Dolphin. She served food and drink to the sailors who crowded around the firepit in the rundown inn. They delighted in scaring her with their tales of monsters that lurked in the Misty Way. She tried to pretend she didn't care, but their harsh laughter told her they could see her fear. 
It was late the night that Bardo entered the crowded gathering room. The coarse jesting ceased and talk faded into the corners. His boot heels rung on the worn floor as he crossed the room with long strides. The sailors hurried to make a place for him next to the fire.
Amari felt his eyes following her as she scooped up the laden dinner tray. The familiar pain crept up her arm as she tried to steady her hand and keep her numb legs moving. 
Her thoughts were on getting through the next hour when the inn would close. She longed to ease her aching muscles onto the straw mat in the tiny room off the kitchen where she slept. In spite of her efforts, the liquid sloshed over the mug's rim when she set it down. She felt compelled to meet his gaze.
Shadows from the flickering flames hid the flecks of gray in his hair. It was pulled back and tied with a strip of leather.  A white scar ran down from his left eye. His jaw was set in determination that showed even through the rough beard.  
 "I sail tomorrow morning, and I mean to bring my wife a servant," he said. His voice was mellow, but it carried the tang of the common sailor.
Amari looked over the big man before her. It was warm in the room. Added heat from the fire pit made her light headed.
The skin around his eyes tightened. His voice softened. "She is delicate, my Sadie. She needs help with the children and the household chores." 
The dim, smoke filled room was oppressive. Amari's head was starting to ache. She had been hungry at the orphanage, but never this tired. Talk of the fresh sea air made her irritable.
"You'll find no governess for your children here," she said, and started to turn away.  
"I would expect a fair day's work. The pay would not be great, but my wife is a kind mistress and has been educated."
Amari turned back. "How nice for her. Perhaps you should try the school up the hill. That's where you'll find young ladies."
"Anyone who worked for her would have an opportunity to study - if they cared to do so." 
Amari met his eyes. Could he mean her? Was it possible he was offering her a chance to escape?
"The voyage will be long, uncertain, and full of danger," he said.
"Are you asking me?" she barely whispered.
He nodded.  
She shivered as the fearful tales of the sea rushed through her head. Before she could change her mind, she pushed them aside and accepted his offer.

It was still dark the next morning when she stood on the dock. Her small bag contained a change of clothing, two stolen loaves of bread, and a slab of dried salted meat. They would hardly be missed. She wouldn't be getting her pay at the end of the week.
It was her first visit to the docks. The noise and smells were overwhelming. Tilting her head back, she tried to take in the giant ship. The name was carved into the side in great ornate letters. She studied the scrap of parchment that Bardo had given her with the name of his ship printed on it. The letters seemed to match.
Sailors scrambled across the deck. An endless stream of dock workers toiled up the gangway. Crates, water barrels, cages with squawking chickens, and even a goat were being loaded. Everywhere she looked, fruit and vegetables hung from the rigging and filled every available corner.
At first the voyage was exciting as she woke each morning to clear skies and warm breezes. Her duties as cook's helper were mild compared to her labors at the Dolphin. Days ran together. She lost track of how long it had been since seeing land. The fresh vegetables had been eaten. Water in the barrels was no longer clear, and it smelled stale.  
Then the weather turned. They were assaulted by a fierce storm. It raged for three days. When it finally abated, they had been blown off course.  
That morning Bardo called the crew together on the rolling deck. A cold breeze ruffled Amari's hair. It pierced her thin clothing making her shiver. The skies had cleared, but white caps dotted the water.  
The captain's speech was brief. Supplies were running short. It was late in the year. The cold breeze foretold of more bad weather. Their battered ship might not last though another gale. They could never make it to port before the next storm.  
He held the men with his unwavering gaze. With a steady voice he proposed they make a run through the Misty Way - that narrow channel that separated them from the shadow world. The winds were not likely to pick up before nightfall. 
There was loud talk and bickering. Amari could see fear and rebellion in the eyes of the strong, daring men. In the end they knew there was little choice. Rather than face another storm on the open sea, the crew voted to risk the Misty Way. They spent the rest of the day making repairs and preparing the ship.  


CHAPTER 17 - THE MISTY WAY

As the sun sank below the horizon, the wind began to fill the sails. Thin wispy clouds skidded across the darkening sky. They were hopeful of a quick and smooth passage. Bardo had called for Amari, and sent her up to the crow's nest. 
Dread settled over her. One by one the stars faded. Remembered warnings of the sailors in the inn taunted her. She strained her eyes looking for the creatures they had described. Fog closed in, surrounding the Sea Hawk. It blocked all but faint glimpses of blue light from the sensors.
She pulled her worn jacket tighter to her thin frame. At times the ship beneath her disappeared in a shroud of fog. Voices of the sailors wafted up to her from far below like ghosts from lost vessels. The crow's nest floated through the frightening vapors like a basket adrift on the sea.  
The tip of something poked though the clouds, startling her out of her dark thoughts. It was gray and stretched taunt like the skin of a bat. It dipped and swayed through the mist. She caught a glimpse of claws gripping an object. Its surface reflected blue light from the sensors. Dark moisture dripped from the claws.
She heard a terrified scream, and realized it was coming from her throat. She clutched the rail and yelled, "Sea monster off the bow!"
Frantic footsteps rattled across the deck. Shouts of alarm broke the stillness. The ship rocked in the calm waters. The mist cleared. Amari saw Captain Bardo fall to the deck as the wheel was wrenched from his grasp by a hidden force.  
She was thrown against the railing with her face plastered painfully against the bars. Then she saw it clearly. It was not a wing. It was a sail on another vessel. The other ship had a figurehead of a woman on the front. Dirty water ran down the rigging and dripped onto the figure's fingers. They clasped a polished globe that still flickered blue with reflected sensor light. It looked like lightening had been captured inside its depths. 
Released from its constraint, the Sea Hawk veered toward the other vessel. It pitched wildly. Her perch swung in a wide arc. As the dark sea came rushing towards her, she threw up her arm to shield her face. Crying out, she clutched for the railing. Her hand slipped on the wet wood.  
The floor was wrenched from beneath her feet. She screamed as she tumbled through the air. Her shriek was cut short as she slapped the water's surface. Hot pain from the impact was instantly replaced by numbing cold. The water swallowed her. She frantically waved her arms and legs trying to escape the sea's death hold. Her lungs burned. She fought the water. Finally, her head broke the surface. She tried to shout, but water filled her mouth making her sputter and cough. 
The two ships lumbered toward each other. Her faint calls blended with the cries of terrified sailors. Rigging from the other ship slid over the sensor sending blue flames of light shooting into the air.
The hulls collided with a sickening grinding and scraping. A resounding boom echoed across the water when a piece of timber broke off. The plank tumbled though the air towards her, and fell with a loud splash. 
Once again she fought for air as the wave swept over her head. She grabbed for the floating debris. Her fingers tightened around the splintered wood. When she came to the surface the area was bathed in blue light. The pole holding the sensor caught on the other ship's rigging and bent. With a loud crack and pop, the pole snapped sending the sensor spinning through the air. Amari choked, and tried to call out as the Sea Hawk disappeared into the heavy mist.
She heard a shout. A boy leaned over the railing of the other vessel. The sensor lay at his feet casting blue light up into his face. Their eyes met. His ship turned, and started to move away.  His voice was urgent as he called to her, but she couldn't understand the words. He threw a rope, and called out again. It slapped the water a few yards away. Frantically she swam towards it. 
The wind shifted. A cloud of mist engulfed the ship.  "Come back," she cried. 
His voice blended with the shouts of others. A flicker of blue pierced through the mist. Then nothing. No light. No sound. She was left in cold, wet darkness. 
Somehow she found the floating debris, and pulled herself on top. The cold worked its way deeper into her as she drifted through the waves. She lost track of time. Her throat was dry from shouting. It was difficult to concentrate. She drifted in and out of consciousness. Thirst was ever present.  
She opened her eyes. There was a soft glow. The water was warmer, and she was caught in a gentle current. A murmuring sound became voices. The glow got brighter. It was coming closer.
"The sensor has passed beyond, and it is for us to reclaim it."
"I want to rescue the girl."
"You're risking the lives of all our merchants. The sea lanes will be plagued with storms as long as the sensor is in the shadow world.
"Patience Bali. The girl can help, and I will not just leave her."
"Hurry Nalani," said Bali. "While you linger over her, the sensor is moving through time. It becomes more and more difficult to trace its path. We must make haste."
"Then wait at the door, Bali. I will push her past the threshold."
Amari felt soft wet fingers touch her brow. She was engulfed in the spicy scent of the sun flower, and knew no more.


CHAPTER 18 - WATERMELONS

The silence was uncomfortable. Meredith stared at the floor. What Amari was saying couldn't be true. It sounded like the plot from an old science fiction movie that her parents would watch. Maybe Amari's parents made her watch old movies when she was little. Or maybe there was more to the cup than Amari was telling.
Tony stretched and cleared his throat. "It's a good story, but.."
"You don't believe me," Amari finished. "I don't blame you. I only half believed your world existed until I found myself here." 
"Just how did you get here?" Meredith asked.
"I told you. The water wisps rescued me and brought me here."
Maybe it was all an act, and Amari was laughing inside. She could be acting strange so people would believe her story. But maybe she wasn't really all that different. 
"I don't know what kind of clothes they have in your world," Meredith said, "but the stuff you're wearing looks like it was bought at a discount store five years ago." 
"Discount store?" Amari raised her eyebrows.
"Okay, so where did you get those fashionable clothes?"
"From the clothes box."
"The what?" Tony said.
"The big yellow box where people put clothing for those without money."
Meredith scrunched up her face. "You stole from a clothing donation box?" 
Amari shook her head, and looked confused. "The woman told her daughter they were for people who couldn't afford to buy clothes."
"Wasn't the box locked?" Tony asked.
Amari frowned. "There was no key. Just a latch with numbers. Anyone could open it. You just turn the knob to line up the mechanism and it opens. Is that not how it is done?"
Meredith was stunned. "You picked the lock."
"That's a pretty neat trick," Tony said, "but you shouldn't let people know you can do that. It will make them suspicious of you."
"I needed clothes," Amari said. 
She played the part well. The story even fit what Meredith had seen in the cup. Could Amari have overhead when she was telling Tony about the image she had seen? She thought back to the twig breaking. Could it have been Amari listening?
"I saw you in the water," Meredith said.
Amari smiled. "Now you think to tell me a story."
"No really. I filled the cup with water. There was a mist over it. When it parted, I saw a girl floating in the water on a piece of wood. It was you wasn't it?"
"That cannot be. The sensor does not show pictures. It warns of danger and contact with the shadow world."
"I think this is your shadow world," Tony said. "And she's right about the pictures. I saw the ship's figurehead. The one in the picture with the boy."
Amari stared at him.
"Maybe it has more powers than you've told us." Meredith said.
"I thought the water wisps brought me here, but maybe it was the sensor."
"It does move things. It moved us to this room from the gazebo during a storm," Meredith said.
"Storms," Amari said. "There will be more storms. They will get stronger if we don't get the sensor back to my world. That much the water wisps have told me. I have to find it."
They heard a far off thump of a door opening. Heavy footsteps clumped up the stairs. 
A muffled voice said, "Next time we get take-out food from the Clipper. That lunch was terrible."
The workmen stopped in the hall outside the closed turret door. Meredith held her breath. She wasn't sure why, but she didn't want them to know they were there. Glancing at the others she placed a finger over her lips.
The floor shook slightly as something heavy was dropped outside the door. A clattering noise of metal against metal was followed by muttering.
"Careful with those tools," the voice said. "What are you looking for?"
"Electrical caps. They were in that blue cup from the shed. I put it in the corner of the toolbox."
"Oh that. Last time I saw that cup it was on Spencer's jacket by the front door. He dumped the caps into his Styrofoam coffee cup and left it on the table."
"Well that's a fine thing. More tramping on the stairs with my bad knee. What did he want with that old cup anyway? It didn't even have a handle."
"Who knows why Spencer does anything."
The voices faded as the two men thumped back down the stairs.
"Guess there's no sense looking for the cup now," Tony said. "Sounds like Spencer took it with him."
 "Let's get out of here before they come back," Meredith said.

As they made their way back to the road, Meredith kept glancing at Amari. Was she lying or did she really believe that stuff about another world? Could she really pick a lock? Or was the cup some kind of high tech device from an ancient civilization like Spencer's Atlantis? She stopped in surprise. Maybe Spencer took it because he thought it was from Atlantis. She hurried to catch up. 
They reached the main road as an old, run down truck full of watermelons labored past. When the driver saw them, he swerved and shifted gears with a grinding racket. A watermelon perched on the top of the pile wobbled. Then it bumped down the stack and rolled out the back.
It hit the grass with a dull whop and a sharp crack. The truck lurched out of sight. Tony dashed over, and picked up the melon.
"Good thing it landed in the grass. Just cracked the shell." He grinned. "Who's for watermelon?"
Meredith grimaced at the idea of an unwashed, dripping watermelon and sticky hands.  But she was thirsty, and the idea of cool melon was enticing.
She dug in her pocket and triumphantly pulled out a wipe. "Wait a minute," she called and hurried over.
Tony had placed the melon on a large flat rock and was opening his pocketknife. She handed him the wipe and said, "Here, clean the blade first."
Tony laughed and took the wipe. With exaggerated care he ran it over the blade, then looked at her questioningly. "Ok?" he asked.
She shrugged. "You might want to do your hands too." She pulled out another one and wiped her own fingers.
They sat under a tree and stuffed the juicy ripe fruit into their mouths.
"Too bad there's no seeds," Tony said. A trickle of juice ran down his chin. He wiped his mouth on his shoulder.
"You want to plant more fruit?" Amari asked.
"Nope. Watermelon seeds are for spitting. I can shoot one several feet."
"That's a noble talent," Meredith said. "Must be a big hit at parties."
"Well," he shrugged, "there may be some that's better."
"This fruit would be a favorite with the sailors at the Flying Dolphin. We do not have anything like it," Amari said.
"You've never eaten watermelon?" Tony asked.
She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. "No. Is it a delicacy?"
"Hardly," Meredith said. "More the other way around."
"It is wonderful. It would be highly prized at the trade market. The inn where this was served would bring a nice profit to the owner."

They didn't talk much on the way home. By the time they reached the condos it was getting dark. Amari headed back to the Clipper. She was scheduled to work that evening. 
"Do you think that stuff she said is real?" Meredith said.
"I don't know, but I think she believes it."
"I don't know what's more scary. Another world and a cup that is making storms here - or hanging out with someone who makes those things up." 
"The idea of another world with misty creatures is more scary, and it may be true. Something moved us from the gazebo to Murky the other day. If the cup didn't do that, what did?" He shrugged. "See you tomorrow."
He strolled up the street with his hands in his pockets. The sound of his off key whistling made her smile. His casual confidence was reassuring. Maybe he was right. The logic was sound. She watched until he was out of sight. 
Leaves rustled as a chilly breeze passed through the branches. She took a deep breath and caught the familiar scent. Cinnamon. Her stomach tightened. She hoped it was donuts, but she knew it wasn't. In the twilight, color had faded from the world. Houses and cars were indistinct and mysterious. Then she saw it. Mist separated from a group of trees and floated off in the direction of Murky Manor. She dashed inside.


CHAPTER 19 - SEARCHING THE ANTEDILUVIAN

Meredith panted as she tried to keep up. It was already mid morning, but the air was not getting any warmer. She should have just told Tony no when he stopped by to suggest going to the marina. As they hurried down the pier, she glanced at the small walkways next to each boat. 
"What are you going to do when you get there?" she asked.
"Check out Spencer's boat. He has to have the cup." Tony said.
"We don't know that for sure. You can't just search his boat. It's breaking and entering." Her face felt hot even with the cool breeze coming off the water. 
He grinned. "I wasn't planning on breaking anything."
"You know that's not what I meant."
"Let's just see if anyone's on the boat first. Then we'll decide what to do." 
He stopped at the Antediluvian's dock. Meredith was breathing hard. Her hair clip hung loose letting her hair fly about. She knew she looked awful. With a vicious yank, she pulled it out and a few hairs came with it. Tears burned her eyes, but she quickly brushed them aside.  
Now that they were standing still she could hear voices. The air had a hint of cinnamon. Tony put a finger to his lips.  
"Be quiet yourself," she whispered and pushed him aside. 
"Find the floating bell." It was a woman's voice. Faint and thin. "The sensor will take you through the door. Time is short. The worlds are converging. When the sensor becomes clear, the storm will descend. Before that happens, you must return with it to your home."
"But I don't know where it is." 
Taking care to be quiet, Meredith crept around the boat. A column of mist hovered over the water in front of a girl. She sat at the end of the walkway with her feet dangling over the edge. Meredith was sure it was Amari. Tony bumped into her. 
She stumbled and the clip rattled across the walkway. Amari scrambled to her feet. The mist sank into the water and disappeared. 
"Who were you talking to?" Meredith said.
Amari put a finger to her lips. Clattering footsteps were coming down the pier where they had just been.
"Come on, Bart. I tell you Pirate is sleeping down on the other pier. It's easy pickings down here."
"Easy for you to say, Smiley. Pirate's got it in for me."
Tony jerked his thumb towards the sailboat. "Quick," he whispered. "Before they get here."
He flung his leg over the side of the boat. "Come on," he said and held out his hand. 
Meredith's fingers closed over his, and she stepped over the side. Amari was already leading the way into the dark cabin. Meredith pulled the cabin door most of the way closed. Through the crack she could see Bart and Smiley as they came around the corner. They stopped and looked toward the boat. 
"I thought I heard someone," Smiley said.
Tony's breath was warm on her neck. It smelled faintly like onions and green peppers. The motion of the boat pushed her against him. She wished it would stop rocking. They must know that someone was onboard.
Bart took a step forward and there was a sudden snap. He paused and looked down. 
Smiley chuckled and picked up the broken hair clip. "What have we here?" he said. A sneer spread across his face. "Looks like the little fashion plate was down this way."
"Maybe I'll get the chance to give her boyfriend that swimming lesson after all," Bart said.
"I wonder where they might have disappeared to?" Smiley almost sang the words as he stared at the boat cabin.
Meredith took a step back and pressed up against Tony. His hand squeezed her arm and he started to step past. Snarling and growling erupted outside. Meredith leaned forward. A white blur flashed by. Shouting was accompanied by pounding footsteps. The clamor ended abruptly with two loud splashes. 
As the boys swam past the boat, Pirate followed them on the pier barking and growling. Then all was silent.
Meredith started giggling. "Sounds like Pirate's the one giving the swimming lessons."
"They should be getting pretty good at it by now." Tony said.
Meredith turned at the sound of soft thumping. Amari was opening and closing cabinet doors. Tony began searching shelves and drawers. 
"What are you guys doing?" Meredith said. "We could be arrested for this." Would Heather be disgusted if she had a jail record, or would she be impressed? Of course her parents would be disappointed once they got over the shock.
"Here," Tony said, handing her several books. The shinny covers slipped in her hands and a paper fell out. She felt her nail break as she caught the books. Great, she thought. Where am I going to get a manicure? 
Tony picked up the paper. "It's the newspaper clipping with the picture of the willow tree."
"That's the paper from the restaurant," Amari said. Spencer dropped it."
"Then it was you that left the bag of clothes in the gazebo," Meredith said.
Amari nodded. "But how did Spencer get the paper?" 
"I left it in the turret room," Meredith said. "Spencer must have found it." 
Tony put the clipping in the drawer and picked up a CD. "Donovan's Greatest Hits," he read.
"Donovan? Who's Donovan?" Meredith said as she shifted the books around. 
Tony shrugged, and scanned the list of songs. "There's one called Atlantis."
"These books are all on Atlantis," Meredith said. "The History of Atlantis, Unearthing Atlantis, and Atlantis the Antediluvian World. Must be where he got the name for the boat." 
"This is strange," Tony said as he examined a map on the wall. He tilted his head to read the printing. "It appears to be a map of the ocean floor . . ."
"We must find the sensor," Amari interrupted. "The water wisps have warned that time is short."
"Okay, okay." Tony opened a drawer and pulled out a glossy black wooden box. The lid had a white wood inlay in the shape of a trident. "Here's something." He opened the box. "It's paintings of cups." He pulled them out and spread them on the bunk. There were six.
"It looks like there's a whole collection of cups. How do we know which one is supposed to be causing all the trouble?" Meredith said.
Amari ran her fingers through her hair. "They are all the same."
"They can't be," Meredith said. "One is almost clear with a pink tint and etched flowers. One is solid black, and the others are shades of blue. . ."
"There's something on the corner of each picture," Tony said squinting at the paintings. "It's a signature. Captain Morgan. I think there's also a date." 
He moved the paintings around and stood back. In the new order, the cups got progressively darker.
Amari pointed to the first picture where the cup was clear. "The water wisp warned that the sensor would get lighter as our worlds converged."
"But that's the oldest picture," Tony said. "The cup gets darker as time passes." He ran his finger over the pictures.
"The clear sensor is when it first came to your world. As our worlds drew apart, the sensor darkened."
"It was black when I first found it in Murky Manor," Meredith said. "When we left it in the shed, it was blue."
"Our worlds are coming together again," Amari said. "It brings the storm that approaches." 
She leaned back against the wall. The boat started to sway. Meredith staggered. Curtains on the tiny cabin window billowed out and a breeze rustled the pictures.
"Better put those back in the box before something happens to them," Meredith said. "If the Captain painted those, I'd like to know how Spencer got them. Seems like they would have been part of the Murky Manor estate." She dumped the Atlantis books on the shelf, and a leather book fell over. It was Captain Morgan's journal.
Tony scooped up the paintings and laid them gently in the box. They could hear the soft patter of rain outside. The boat was rocking in its dock now. He gripped the railing along the wall as he put the box back in the drawer.
"We better get out of here," Meredith said. She pulled the silk scarf out of her pocket and wrapped it around the journal. 
"What are you doing?" Tony had to raise his voice over the rising wind. The rain beat outside on the deck.
She stuffed the journal into her inside jacket pocket and staggered out the door. The wind caught her hair. It whipped around her face making it hard to see. She grasped the ship's railing and jumped onto the pier. Her feet slid on the wet boards. She twisted to keep from falling. The mist was blowing out to sea, and the rain came down in sheets. By the time they reached the main boardwalk, the rain had let up and the sun came out.
"That lasted just long enough to get us drenched," Meredith said. She squeezed out her hair and shook the water off her hands.
"I thought you were the one who didn't want to search the boat. What did you take?"
"It's Captain Morgan's journal. It belongs to Murky."
Tony's eyes got big. "Wow. That's a big find. Maybe we should go back and finish looking around. We may not get another chance."
"No way," Meredith said. "I'm going home to change. Besides, you can't go dripping all over the cabin." 
A dog barked. Smitty and Pirate were making their way down the pier. He stopped to talk to someone on one of the boats.
"Well, we lost that chance," Tony said. "Might as well go home."
Amari gazed at the Antediluvian. With a sigh she turned and followed them.


CHAPTER 20 - EDISON'S ESCAPE

Meredith did not have an opportunity to look at Morgan's journal until the next day. Why had Spencer taken it? There must be something important she had overlooked. 
Doris poked her head into the living room. "Looks like another rainy day," she said. "I'm going out to get a few groceries. Want anything special?"
Meredith shook her head. "I'm going to read for awhile, and then go meet Tony at the Clipper."
"Okay dear. See you later." The door locked when Doris pulled it shut. 
"Come on, Edison," Meredith said and patted the sofa. "Let's see what's in this old journal."
She unwrapped the leather book and stuffed the scarf back in her jacket pocket. Edison jumped up beside her. 
A ticket stub marked the page where the book opened, and she began to read an entry. The sea was calm. Clouds had moved in without warning, and now low visibility made movement hazardous. While they waited for the fog to lift, Morgan made entries in the ship's log. The fog reminded him of another time thirty years earlier. That was his first voyage. The fog had settled in on the ship like an animal tightening its grip on its prey. Strange voices floated through the vapor. Some of the crew saw ghosts and apparitions. They blamed the collision on uncharted rocks or a reef. No one would acknowledge there had been another ship. 
He was the only one who had seen the girl. He tried to rescue her, but he lost sight of her in the fog. Before he could convince anyone to turn the ship around, the storm began. During the raging tempest that followed, he worried that somehow the storm was his fault for failing. After several days the skies finally cleared, and he began to have doubts that the girl ever existed. 
But there was no denying the cup was real. That strange cup that fell onto the deck at his feet. At first it was clear and the delicate flower etched in the glass glowed with blue light. As the storm lessened and the skies cleared, the light faded. The cup darkened from the pale blue of a clear sky to the color of the sea at night. All traces of the flower disappeared. 
Meredith scratched the cat's ears. "Sounds like our cup, Edison. Maybe there is something to Amari's story after all." 
She skimmed through several pages and found another entry. At one of the foreign ports, Morgan purchased a curious box in the shape of a gazebo. He decided to use it to store the cup. The last time he had taken it out, the glass was a solid dull black that looked more like ceramic than glass. 
Meredith picked up the ticket stub. It read 10th Antediluvian Seamen Conference. Admit One. It was dated two years ago. She wrapped the leather strap around the journal and put it in her dresser.
"Time for me to go meet Tony. You stay here, Edison and watch the apartment."
Edison stretched and followed her to the door. 
"Step aside so I can get out." She put several treats on the floor. While he munched on them, she opened the door. Edison looked up and darted through the opening.
"Come back here, Edison!" She grabbed several more treats and dashed after him. He was nowhere to be seen. Doris would be devastated if anything happened to that cat. She ran down the hall. A middle-aged woman was puffing up the stairs. She paused and looked up at Meredith.
"You wouldn't be looking for a cat would you?"
"Oh yes! Did you see him?"
"Headed for the garden. He slipped under that big bush where the flagstones start." She pointed.
"Thank you." Meredith bounded down the steps. The "Manager Out" sign was on the desk. That was hopeful. Maybe Argon was out of the building. She slowed down. No good startling him. If the Amazon was around and caught him first?she shuddered.
An excited voice emanated from the fountain area of the rainforest. She caught sight of Edison's cream colored tail extending from under a bush. It twitched back and forth. He was stalking something. 
Meredith tiptoed down the flagstone path. She reached for the tail. Edison growled and pounced. Her hand closed on air. She peered through the branches of the fern and her heart sank.
Argon sat cross-legged on a woven mat. Her hands rested palms up on her knees. She didn't open her eyes as she said, "Spencer, you're not concentrating. Let your troubled thoughts melt away."
Spencer sat across from her. His legs were bent at an awkward angle, and his fingers gripped his knees. The knuckles were white. He leaned forward. 
"I tell you I have found it. This will change the course of the world's economy." 
Meredith spotted Edison. He was behind Argon and swatting the fringe on the mat's edge. She tossed one of the treats at him. He stared at it and yawned. Come on, Edison she urged silently.
Spencer's voice dropped to a whisper. "We can end global warming."
Argon opened her eyes. Her face contorted in disgust. "And just how do you propose to accomplish this amazing feat?"
His smile trembled with eagerness. "It controls the weather. We can control the weather. It will give us power."
Meredith froze. What was he talking about? 
"Power?" Argon said. "Power is what got our world into this mess. It is greed and power that is killing our planet." She shifted and Edison dug his claws into the mat. Meredith threw another treat trying to lure the cat closer.
"Power in the wrong hands," he said. "But the right person could use it for good."
"And this. . . artifact? How did you find such a thing?"
"Research. I've studied Atlantis for years. It looks like an ordinary cup, but recently I discovered a journal that tells about its powers. My efforts are paying off, but there's more."
Meredith dropped the last treat just beyond the bush and glanced to see if they had noticed. Research indeed. He had stolen Captain Morgan's journal and the cup. 
He dropped his voice. "The cup shows images of another world."
Argon's eyes narrowed, and she crossed her arms. "What are you suggesting?"
"When the cup is filled with water it shows images of a water world. The world of Atlantis. The Atlanteans were a highly innovative people. They invented a method for capturing moving pictures."
"You mean like an ancient television?" Her voice had a hint of humor.
"A poor comparison. Television is for the masses and is filled with mindless dribble. This would have been used by elite visionaries for the advancement of society."
"And you've seen this yourself?"
"Not exactly." His eyes shifted nervously. "But I've heard about it firsthand."
The gazebo, Meredith thought with disgust. He was spying on us when I told Tony about the image in the cup. It wasn't Amari. Edison twitched his tail and moved closer to Meredith's hiding spot. One more step, Edison. Just a little closer.
"This is absurd," Argon said. "There is no object that can control the weather. Perhaps you misunderstood. Maybe the prehistoric movies were shadows on cave walls instead of movies inside a teacup." She got to her feet and leaned down to pick up the mat.
Meredith grabbed Edison. He hissed when she squeezed him. His claws dug into her arm as she backed out of the bush. 
Spencer was untangling his legs and struggling to his feet. He rubbed his leg. "Wait," he said, "you haven't seen the evidence." 
Meredith fled for the elevator. The doors sealed as Spencer and Argon emerged into the lobby.


CHAPTER 21 - SAFE KEEPING

Meredith carefully locked the door with Edison inside. In the hallway she met the woman again coming out of her apartment. 
"Did you find your cat?" she asked.
"Yes. Thanks for your help."
"No problem. My name's Millie. Wouldn't mind having a cat myself if I was home more. I'm off to meet the girls for a matinee. You have a nice day now." 
Meredith took the back stairs, and headed for the Clipper to find Tony. The damp breeze tugged at her hair. Loose strands tickled her face. She brushed it out of her eyes, and stuffed the ends under her jacket collar. Strands kept creeping out. She stopped at a convenience store to get a new clip.
An array of brightly colored ponytail ties hung on the rack next to the clips. Maybe a tie would be better. It wasn't as stylish, but it might be more practical. As she reached for blue, her eyes focused on a pink tie with thin white stripes. Her hand hovered for a moment, then moved to the pink as if the color had captured her in its grip. Her fingers closed around the pink tie and she pulled it from the rack. 
While waiting in line she scanned the aisle. The usual candy and magazines filled shelves, but there was also a rack of flower and vegetable seeds. She gave the rack a lazy turn. Morning glories, marigolds, tomatoes, pumpkins - and watermelons. 
"Next," the cashier said.
Meredith grabbed a pack of watermelon seeds and checked out. Once outside she gathered her hair and wrapped the new tie around it. The bag with the seeds she put in her pocket and zipped it shut. 

The Clipper's entryway was full of people waiting for a table. She read the day's specials. 

Due to Helga's influence, we can only offer a limited selection of fresh seafood. We apologize for any inconvenience and hope you will join us for one of our tasty Italian specialties.

Meredith squeezed past a family with four kids. Swinging doors to the kitchen burst open, and Tony strode through. His shirt was splattered with water. He wiped his dripping hands on his jeans and grinned. 
"Want a Coke?"
She nodded. He filled two glasses at the fountain and led her past the kitchen to a back corner. 
"My private table," he said and gestured to a tiny booth by the window. They slid into the narrow seats.
"I think that's the cleanest I've seen your hands," Meredith said. Immediately she wished she could pull the words back, but Tony didn't seem to notice.
"Washing dishes will do that," he said. "How are things in the rainforest?"
"Spencer and Argon were in the inhalatorium this morning. I overhead them talking."
While he drank his Coke, she filled him in on the journal entries and the rainforest conversation.
"It's obvious Spencer was listening when we were in the gazebo. But where did he get the idea the cup could control the weather?" Tony asked.
"I don't know. The cup's been around for over a hundred years. It can't be causing every storm that happened over that time. Helga has to be a coincidence." 
"Is it? And what about Amari?"
"I'd like to believe her. She tells a good story, but it can't be true. As for Spencer, he's just plain strange."
"So we're siding with the Amazon on this one?"
Meredith made a face. "I didn't say that exactly." She looked out the window. "Speaking of Spencer." She nodded towards the window. "There he goes now. He's heading back toward the condos. What do you suppose he has in that briefcase?" 
"He's not a briefcase kind of guy," Tony said. "I'll bet there's something in there other than house repair contracts." He pulled Meredith's Coke over and drained the glass. "Let's see where he's going."
Meredith stared at the empty glass in disbelief.
"Come on," Tony said.
She followed him around the tables, and out the door.

At first they were nervous that Spencer would see them, but he never looked back. In just ten minutes they were back at Green Earth.
"Give him a minute to get inside. Then we'll just stroll in casual like," Tony said.
"Right. Casual," Meredith said and smiled. She wondered what Heather would think of Tony. Her smile faded as she pictured introducing them. Then again, what would Tony think of Heather?
"Let's see what's happening," Tony said and headed for the front door.
When they entered the lobby, it was empty. The rainforest soundtrack covered their footsteps. Meredith pointed to the flagstone path leading into the foliage. Tony shook his head and pointed at the front desk.
Silently they made their way across the marble floor. Tony stopped and gripped her arm. A short hallway behind the desk led to two rooms. One door was glass. It acted like a mirror, reflecting what was happening in the opposite room.
Argon stood in front of an open wall safe. Spencer pulled a cloth bag out of the briefcase and handed it to her. She loosened the drawstring. 
"This is the unassuming little object that can control the weather? And you're trusting it to me? I'm honored." 
A halting laugh escaped from his throat. "Someone's been going through things on my boat. Some valuable things are missing. I can't take the chance of someone finding this."
Tony and Meredith exchanged surprised looks.
"Well, it's doubtful they would recognize it as anything important," Argon said. "It might make a nice vase."
"You must not do that." He reached for the bag but she moved away. She tightened the string and set the bag in the safe.
"You really could benefit from breathing exercises Spencer. You're much too uptight."
"Once I discover the secret to its use," he said, "the weather will be under my control."
Argon narrowed her eyes. "And what do you plan to do with that kind of power?"
The nervous laugh came again. "Why, benefit mankind of course."
"Of course," she said. She closed the safe and hung a picture over it.
Tony tugged on Meredith's arm. They raced up the stairs. At the top, Meredith stopped to look back. She wished she hadn't. Spencer was looking up. His eyes were cold and suspicious. She forced herself to look away and walk down the hall in what she hoped was a normal manner. Tony was waiting at the apartment door.
Once inside, she turned the deadbolt. "Do you think he knows we saw them?" she said.
"I don't know, but we do know where the cup is now."
"Yes. It's locked in the safe."
"True. That is a problem. In the meantime, I'm thirsty. Got anything to drink?"
 "How can you possibly be thirsty?" she said.
He shrugged. "Can we check the refrigerator?"
She laughed and opened the frig. "This is it. The last one unless you want diet." She handed him a ginger ale. Edison pushed past her legs and put his paws on the bottom shelf of the refrigerator. The doorbell rang.
 Meredith handed Tony a can of cat food. "Here. Feed Edison while I see who's at the door."
"Don't open it if it's Spencer." 
She heard the pop of the can lid and Tony talking to the cat. What if it was Spencer at the door? She moved stealthily across the living room. Holding her breath she looked through the peephole. It was Amari. Releasing her breath in relief, she opened the door.
"I am sorry to bother. . ."
"Nice to see you," Meredith interrupted. She pulled her inside, pushed the door shut, and locked it.
"Ginger ale?" Tony said and held up the bottle.
"If you're thirsty, don't hesitate and don't put the bottle down anywhere," Meredith said.
Amari looked puzzled and took the drink. Disappointment and resignation crossed Tony's face. 
"I have come to ask your help in finding the sensor," Amari said. She took a sip of the soda and looked surprised.
"No problem," Tony said. "We know where it is. The only problem is getting it out of the safe."
"Why would we not want it to be safe?" Amari said.
Meredith smiled. "No, no. It's in a safe. Locked in a box in the wall. We don't know the combination."
Tony's eyes got big, and he took a deep breath. "Ah, but Amari has opened combination locks. Isn't that right?" His look was triumphant.
Meredith put up her hands. "Wait a minute. Are you suggesting we break into the safe?"
"We don't have to break anything. Amari can just - well whatever it is she does to open locks. If the cup isn't in the bag, we leave the bag there and close everything up. If it is the cup, we're not stealing because it belongs to you. Actually to Amari. We're just reclaiming it."
"And what happens once we get the cup?" 
"We send it home with Amari," Tony said.
Meredith turned to Amari. "And do you know how to get home?"
"Through the Misty Way," Amari said. "The water wisps said it is just beyond the last water bell."
Tony frowned. "There's a string of buoys in the bay. The last one is several miles out. They do ring something like a bell." He looked unsure.
"Supposing you're right. When do you propose we attempt this little caper?" Meredith said. "It's not like the Amazon is going to conveniently step outside while we help ourselves."
"We wait until she's in the inhalatorium," Tony said.
Meredith frowned. "She only meditates in the mornings."
"Tomorrow morning then," Tony said. "We can meet at the back stairway. What time?"
A meeting time wasn't the issue. The whole idea was crazy. What if someone came into the lobby? What if Spencer showed up? What if there was an alarm? What if?
"Let's make it 8:00," Tony said. "Let's hope the Amazon is feeling meditative tomorrow. Don't be late."

 
CHAPTER 22 - A SAFE STORM

Meredith lingered at the bottom of the stairwell. Her hand trembled as she opened the door. Amari and Tony pushed through.
"We were beginning to think you weren't coming," Tony said. "Did you have trouble getting away?"
"I slipped out while Doris was occupied with her exercise video. We have about twenty minutes before she starts looking for me. What's in the bag?"
He opened a plastic shopping bag, and pulled out a blue cup with no handle.
"What is that?"
"A replacement of course. Everyone knows you always switch a copy for the real thing."
"Spencer will never be fooled by that."
"No, but the Amazon might. Besides, it's the right size. If they don't look inside the bag, it will buy us some time."
"This seems to come pretty natural to you. Are you sure you haven't done this before?"
He gave her an innocent smile. "I watch a lot of crime shows."
"Where did you get the cup?"
He grinned. "At the dollar store. It was half price."
"You were shopping for a bargain at a discount store?" She cringed. A vague picture of long aisles full of cheap knockoffs filled her mind. With a kind of macabre fascination she wondered what else the store sold. For a moment she considered asking.
"We should hurry," Amari said.
Meredith pushed shopping out of her mind. They ascended the stairs and crept down the hall. Like watching eyes, the peepholes on the doors seem to follow their movements. Faint music and voices of TV announcers filtered through the walls as they hurried past. At the top of the main stairs Meredith flattened herself against the wall. Trembling, she sneaked a look around the corner. 
Argon was walking toward the rainforest. Meredith could see the sign on the front desk.  
"All clear," she whispered. "I'll watch the Amazon. You two switch the cups."
They nodded and slunk down the main staircase. Tony and Amari skirted the desk. Meredith crossed the lobby. She glanced at her watch. Fifteen minutes. 
Heather's choice in colors worked out pretty well for this activity. Green would have been better, but her dark blue shirt and jean shorts were better camouflage than pink. She peered through the branches. Argon was sitting on her mat. So far so good. She glanced toward the desk. Amari and Tony were hidden from view.
The room blurred for a moment. She felt lightheaded. Nerves. She blinked rapidly, and pressed her cold fingers against her face. How long would it take Amari to open the safe? Five minutes? What if it took longer? What if Amari made up that stuff about being able to open locks? This was stupid. Why had she let them talk her into this? She took a step back.
A shadow passed over the tall windows. The room darkened. Argon shifted making the mat rustle. Meredith froze. The lights flickered, and a crashing boom blocked out the jungle noise. Had they tripped an alarm? Then she realized it was a storm.
With sudden fierceness, rain pounded against the windows. Meredith ran. When she reached the front desk, her foot slipped. Her elbow smacked the corner. Wind roaring around the building covered her gasp of pain. Shaking her numb fingers, she looked back. 


Argon emerged from the rainforest. Hot wind crashed open the front door, carrying a torrent of rain. It soaked everything in its path and flooded the marble floor. 
Argon rushed forward and struggled with the heavy doors. She was soaked immediately. Her hair clung to her face. The sweeping rain plastered her clothes to her body. Branches snapped. Leaves and debris filled the air. The "Manager Out" sign skittered across the desk and flew toward the window.
Meredith turned away. Her eyes widened in surprise and she gasped. Amari was rushing towards her with the cup glowing in her hand. There was no time to get out of the way. They collided.

Meredith floated in weightlessness. She pressed against a wooden railing that swept through the air in a dizzying arc. Far below, sailors clung to ropes and scrambled on a wet ship deck. Their terrified voices cried out to one another. A bank of thick fog swept over the deck and immersed the ship in darkness. She was falling?

Meredith hit the lobby floor. She struggled for breath. The cup rolled past her head, and a hand snatched it. 
Coughing and gasping she sat up.
"Come on," Tony hissed. "I've got the cup. We have to get out now."
Amari helped Meredith struggle to her feet. The wind died down, and Argon was latching the doors. They fled up the stairs. 
Apartment doors opened all along the hallway. Hank stepped out looking rumpled. Millie was knocking on doors. Doris stepped out. Surprise crossed her face when she saw them. "Meredith? I thought you were inside."
Meredith forced a smile as her mind raced. She was still confused about what had happened. It was so strange. Did she black out? Was it a dream?
"Big storm," Tony said. "We might need to help Ms. Argon clean up."
Everyone crowded up to the railing. The lobby floor was littered with broken branches. Leaves and dirt swirled above the floor in slow spirals. 
Millie called for brooms and mops. Soon people were heading down the stairs. Meredith put the cup in her room and hurried to join the others. 


CHAPTER 23 - AFTERMATH

It was oddly quiet in the lobby without the rainforest recording. Meredith tracked through the spilled potting soil and debris. Her feet spread the dirt and left a muddy trail as she sloshed through the puddles. 
Argon stood in the middle of the floor, her face wet and bewildered. Water dripped from her hair and off the bottom of her skirt. She held a broken plant with dirt still clinging to the roots. Bits of soil broke loose and fell to the floor forming a pool of mud at her feet.
Amari picked up a flowerpot and began scooping up dirt from the floor.
"If we plant it right away. . ." Amari said. She made a hole in the dirt and reached for the plant. 
Argon said, "Wait." She moved her finger along the stem and a butterfly fell into her hand. It lay limp on her palm. 
Amari gently took the plant and put it in the pot. Pressing the dirt around it firmly she said, "It will grow."
Tony stepped up beside Meredith. "Where's the cup?" he whispered.
Meredith turned to answer when the front doors burst open. Everyone turned as Spencer charged across the room. He marched up to Argon. 
"I must see it now," he said.
Meredith pretended to sweep the floor and inched nearer. What would he do when he saw the bargain cup?
Argon laid the butterfly in the pot with the plant. She rubbed her hands on her wet skirt. "Calm yourself. We're rather busy at the moment. Look around."
"Yes, yes, I know. There was a funnel cloud outside. You were fortunate it did not touch down." He dropped his voice to a conspiratorial whisper. "It must have been caused by IT." He nodded his head towards the front desk.
Argon raised her eyebrows. "Really?"
"I must know it is safe," he said.
Meredith glanced around. Millie had gone back to directing the cleanup. Hank shuffled toward the door dragging a large trash bag. Meredith worked her way around a trashcan.
Argon took a deep breath, and let it out slowly. 
"Very well," she said and led the way behind the desk.
Meredith grabbed a rag and started wiping down the counter. She could just make out the conversation in the back room.
"I tell you the cup is what caused this storm. I know I can control it. Just let me examine it."
"Here," she said. "Take it and get out if you're not going to help with the cleanup."
"What is this?" His voice had a high pitched intensity. "What have you done with the cup? This is not what I gave you."
"Of course it is. You saw me put it in the safe. Surely you don't think I had any interest in it?"
"That girl. She must have taken it."
"What girl?"
"The runaway. The one with the Atlantean eyes. She recognized the cup for what it really is."
"Don't be absurd. No one could get in this safe without the combination."
"She has powers that you can't guess. She's stolen my cup." His voice deepened and Meredith shivered. "But I'll get it back. I know?" 
"You have what you came for. Take it and go," Argon said. 
"You could have been a part of this," Spencer said, "but you have proven unworthy. You can keep this worthless imitation." There was a muffled shattering of glass.
Meredith cowered down and pressed against the wall. She wished she hadn't gotten so close, but Spencer stalked past without noticing. He gave a savage shove to the front door. It swung open and hung at a crooked angle. His foot slipped on the wet porch, and he waved his arms erratically like a scarecrow to catch his balance. With an angry mutter, he stomped off.
"Two storms in one morning. Seems our friend has added to the mess," Argon said. She held out her hand and helped Meredith up. "Storms do seem to bring out the best and worst in people. Mind if I borrow that broom?"
As they cleaned up the broken glass, Amari and Tony came in.
"It is important that I get home," Amari said.
Argon shrugged. "I guess I can give you a ride. Where do you live?"
"Over the water," she said. "On the other side."
"Across the Bay? How did you get here?"
"She's been visiting," Meredith said. 
"Her boat left without her," Tony said.
Argon hesitated. "Well, that would be a long drive."
"It would be shorter by boat," Tony said.
Argon shook her head. "Get on a boat right after that storm? That's foolhardy. You'll have to wait till tomorrow." She handed the broom to Meredith and went back to the lobby.
With everyone's help it didn't take long to cleanup the floor, but it would take a long time for the plants to grow back. Meredith motioned to Tony, and they slipped outside. 
"We have to get Amari and the cup back to her world," Meredith said. 
"You mean you believe her story now?" Tony said
"Isn't it obvious? The storm started when she touched the cup and stopped when she dropped it. The same thing happened when we searched the cabin on Spencer's boat. Amari must have been close to touching it then, and we didn't know it." 
Tony's eyes widened. "You're right. Spencer was right. The cup did cause the storm."
Meredith was reluctant to tell him the rest. She wasn't sure what happened when Amari ran into her. Was she transported somewhere else? Or was it just another image like the one she saw in the cup? She did know one thing. They had to help Amari. 
"So I guess the next step is to get?borrow?a boat." Her voice trembled, and her stomach hurt.
"We can take the Chessy, Gramps' boat. He won't be happy about it, but he won't lock us up."
"You're sure you want to do that?" Meredith said. She didn't want to take Carlo's boat, but she felt relief at not having to steal one. 
Tony avoided her eyes. "The real problem is how is she going to take the cup back if she can't touch it?"
"The real problem is where are we going? The bay is a big place. We can wrap the cup in the scarf and tie it around her waist. That will keep it from touching her skin and also leave her hands free."
Tony looked doubtful. "Are you sure that will be far enough away?"
Meredith nodded, but she really wasn't sure. "We won't give it to her until the last minute. You get Amari. I'll get the cup."
Before he could object, she dashed away and ran up the back stairs. The apartment was empty. Doris must still be cleaning up. She grabbed the cup and her blue jacket. The seed packet crackled softly as she pulled the scarf out of the pocket. She twisted the scarf around the cup and tied it around her waist. Then she hurried back outside.
Tony and Amari were waiting. What if she was wrong and a storm blew up while they were out on the boat? Maybe they should test it first.
"Come on," Tony said. "Let's get going while the skies are still clear."
They headed up the street. Meredith glanced back and caught a glimpse of someone moving into the trees. She wondered where Spencer had gone after stomping out.


CHAPTER 24 - PROCURING A BOAT

Although the air was chilly and damp, there was no evidence the storm had reached the marina. Everything was calm and dry. The fishing boats were all out on the bay. 
"There is something I need to tell you," Amari said.
"What's that?" Tony asked.
"I don't know a lot about sailing. I was just a passenger on the Sea Hawk. I do not think the three of us can sail a boat alone."
"Won't need to," Tony said. "We're taking a motorboat."
"Have you ever driven your grandfather's boat?" Meredith asked.
"Not exactly," Tony said. "He let me steer a few times. We'll just go slow."
Meredith's stomach was churning again. Now that she was on the pier, this didn't seem like such a good idea. "Maybe we should go back and try to convince Argon," she said.
"No time," Tony said. "Once Spencer figures out it was us that switched the cup, he'll be after us. Here's the Chessy." He hopped over the railing of a small motorboat into the captain's seat. "All aboard." 
"Don't we need a key?" Meredith said as she gingerly stepped in and took a seat.
Tony grinned. "Yep. We keep it hidden." He ducked inside the cabin.
"You'll never outrun Spencer in that." The voice came from the pier.
Meredith looked up dumbfounded. Tony poked his head back out of the cabin. Argon stood on the pier with arms crossed. She looked almost normal in cut off jeans and a sleeveless tank top, but her biceps made the vine tattoo look tight around her arm. Her hair had dried in stiff strings, and her mouth was set in a firm line. 
"If you really think that cup is so important, we'd better take my boat."
No one moved. Meredith was feeling lightheaded again.
"Well?" Argon said. "Do we wait for Spencer or should we leave now?" There was the hint of a smile, and her eyes sparkled.
Tony scrambled out of the boat and the girls followed. Argon strode down the walkway, her long legs covering the distance quickly. Meredith trotted to keep up. They stopped in front of a boat about the same size as the Chessy.
"This is it?" Tony said. "I thought you had a bigger boat."
Meredith laughed as she read the name printed on the side.
"The Amazon is not a bigger boat," Argon said. "It just has a better driver. Me. But we must hurry. Spencer will not be far behind."
They clambered on board. The boat roared into life, and Argon deftly steered it out into open water. 
"Now where are we headed exactly?" she asked.
Tony looked questioningly at Meredith. She felt her face getting hot. Why was he asking her? He was the one who lived here. She felt dumb, and didn't have an answer. Obviously she couldn't say head for the last water bell. 
"Eastport," Tony said.
Meredith was annoyed, but impressed. Eastport was directly across the water and would take them in the right direction.
"Eastport it is," Argon said. A nice little town. Lived there long?"
"I worked at the inn in the port before setting sail," Amari said.
"Well, we should be there in about an hour." 
She gunned the motor. The bow slapped the water in a gentle rhythmic cadence as they skimmed over the soft waves. 
Meredith tied her hair back. The sun warmed her skin, and the cool, salt spray mist felt refreshing. Thin strands of hair worked their way out of the pink tie and whipped around her face. 
She stole a glimpse at Tony. He slouched in the seat with his foot on the railing. With a little direction on picking out clothes, he would be quite handsome. Even so, he had a certain unrefined appeal. 
Behind the boat stretched a wide wake from the motor. White, puffy clouds dotted a clear blue sky. A sailboat leisurely pulled away from the dock. It turned, and wind filled the sail. As it billowed out, the sharp outline of a golden trident appeared. Meredith sucked in her breath. The Antediluvian. She squeezed Tony's arm and jutted her chin toward the boat. 
 "Spencer," she said into his ear. 
Tony stared for several moments then leaned toward the front of the boat. "I think we're being followed," he shouted.
Argon glanced back. Her reaction, if there was any, was hidden behind dark sunglasses. She opened the throttle. 
The boat jumped forward. Meredith tightened her grip on the side rail. The bow slapping the water was now jarring. Spencer was obviously using a motor along with the sail, for the Antediluvian was keeping pace. Tony was right. It was a fast boat.


CHAPTER 25 - THE CHASE

Behind the Antediluvian, another boat was leaving the port. Meredith could only tell that it was a motorboat. She squinted at the Antediluvian. 
"There's three people on that sailboat," she said. "Who would Spencer have with him?"
"If I had to guess, I'd say our friends from the dock," Tony said. "That tall one looks like Smiley."
A shadow passed over the boat. Blue skies and fluffy clouds disappeared. The sun became a white disk just visible through a gray curtain of mist. 
Meredith felt clammy. Her legs were cold. The loose strands of hair coiled into ringlets.
Argon cut back on the throttle as the mist deepened into a fog. Everything became the same gray color. It was difficult to tell where the water ended and the sky began. Soon they couldn't see the Antediluvian at all.
The engine was just idling now, and the boat rocked on the waves as it crept through the water. 
Argon took off her sunglasses. "We're going to have to wait for the fog to lift," she said. "I can't risk running into something."
A whiff of tart cinnamon made Meredith apprehensive. Once the engine noise subsided, the rhythmic clanging of a buoy bell was heard. 
Tony touched her hand and whispered, "This is it."
 Something bumped against the side of the boat, and his fingers closed around hers. It was a long piece of wood with jagged edges as if it had broken off something. 
The mist in front of the boat shifted and separated. The odor faded. A clump of mist descended on the bow, and the front of the boat dipped slightly. 
Argon stiffened. Her knuckles were white on the wheel. "Everyone stay put," she said. Her voice was low and strained.
The mist wavered and rose in a shimmering column. Pieces floated out from its sides like arms. Thin streaks of mist rippled around an elongated head like seaweed drifting in a current.
"It is time." The words sounded hollow and distant as if spoken through a tube. "The Sea Hawk is almost here. You must board with the sensor. I will help you. Prepare now."
The boat bobbed gently, and the mist blended into the fog bank. 
"What was that?" Argon said. She turned. Her face was drawn, and her eyes showed fear.
"It was a water wisp," Amari said. "They mean no harm. They are guardians of the Misty Way. The sensor must be taken back to my world."
"The sensor?" Argon looked confused.
Meredith untied the scarf and held up the cup. It was now clear with just a hint of pink. A flower glowing with blue light was etched in the glass. 
"That's not Spencer's cup. It was blue. That cup is beautiful."
"It is a sensor from my world," Amari said. "We're almost there." 
Meredith wound the scarf around the cup and glanced at Tony. He nodded. She turned back to Amari and took a deep breath. "Ready?" 
Amari raised her arms. "Tie it tight."
Meredith slipped the scarf around Amari's waist and pulled the ends taunt. As soon as the cup pressed against her the boat began to rock. Meredith stumbled. Wind blew strands of her hair in her eyes. Blindly she fumbled with the scarf and managed to tie a double knot. 
A rolling hill of water flowed under the boat and carried it into the air. It teetered on the wave's crest. Meredith looked down the wall of water. The bottom was hidden in fog. A wave of dizziness made her nauseous. 
The bow tilted forward, and the boat started to fall. It picked up speed and rushed down the side of the wave. Meredith screamed. 
Water splashed over the sides, and her feet slipped. She threw out her hands, and Tony grabbed her arm. Together they tumbled to the deck. 
Then the wind ceased, and the surface was calm. The scent of cinnamon was strong. A long, twisting clump of vines with blue flowers floated past them. 
"We are in the Misty Way," Amari said. She looked down at them and smiled.
Meredith struggled to her feet. Swaying unsteadily, she slipped off her jacket. The pocket crinkled softly. "You should wear this," she said "It's more waterproof than your fleece." Amari shrugged out of the pink jacket. 
Meredith heard the sound of voices. Sailors called out instructions to each other. It was happening. Just like it did when Amari ran into her in the lobby.
"It is the Sea Hawk," Amari said. "They are very close. We must take care not to collide." 
A dark shape loomed in front of them. Argon cried out and jerked the wheel sharply. The Amazon turned, and the engine stalled. It rocked violently. A mist settled on the bow, and the boat steadied. It bumped gently against the hull of a large ship. 
A knotted rope dangled over the side just out of reach. Meredith followed it up with her eyes and read the name printed on the side. Sea Hawk.
"Hurry, Amari." It was the voice of the water wisp. "I can not hold the boat long."
Amari looked up at the rope, then back to Meredith.
"Go!" Meredith said. "It's just a short jump. We'll balance the boat."
Amari nodded. She crouched. Then sprang, and seized the rope. Her hands slid but caught on a knot. With effort, she began to pull herself up. Halfway, she stopped and looked down. The Amazon had drifted back from the ship leaving open water beneath her. Argon muttered under her breath as she tried frantically to start the motor 
A mist surrounded Amari hiding her from view. It floated up the rope, and Amari emerged at the top. She swung herself over the railing. 
They could see her kneeling next to someone who was lying on the deck. She placed the cup in his hand, and he rolled over. She scurried across the deck and up the rigging to the crow's nest. The man sat up holding the cup. It was still glowing.
Fog covered the water between the two boats. The crow's nest poked out above the mist. The Amazon's motor roared into life, and Argon grunted with satisfaction. A hand extended from the crow's nest and the blue scarf fluttered out. Then the fog closed around it and swallowed the ship completely. The voices of the sailors stopped and the ringing buoy could be heard behind them.
A cold breeze swept over the boat. Meredith shivered and put on the pink jacket. It smelled of cinnamon. The fog swirled around them and thinned. In a couple minutes it was gone, and the sun was shinning. There was no sign of the Sea Hawk.
"Where's the ship?" Argon said. "It couldn't have sailed away that quickly."
There was laughter and barking. They all turned in surprise. Carlo maneuvered the Chessy toward a capsized Antediluvian, while Pirate stood on the bow and barked. Most of the sailboat was under water. A gold pennant flapped gently on the tip of the mast.  
Smitty threw a life preserver into the water. 
"Grab the line," Carlo called. 
Meredith then saw that three people bobbed in the water. Spencer swam over and pounced on the floating ring. Soon all three, Spencer, Bart, and Smiley were on board the Chessy, dripping and shivering. Doris gave them each a blanket, and waved to Meredith.


The Antediluvian turned sideways. With a last flutter of the pennant, the boat slipped beneath the waves. 


CHAPTER 26 - BACK TO MURKY

Voices drifted up from the living room at Murky Manor. Meredith brushed past the wooden statue and hurried down the stairs. She sat on the last step and hugged her knees. Carlo was reading aloud from the newspaper. 
"Although several fishermen and pleasure boats were caught in last week's freak storm, no one was injured. Spencer Jenson's hopes for sailing to the Mediterranean were sunk along with his boat, the Antediluvian. He claims that two old sailing vessels suddenly appeared out of the fog. After avoiding collision with what appeared to be a galleon, his boat was rammed by a 19th century clipper ship. He showed reporters a piece of wood that appears to be a carving of a foot with a sandal. He believes it was broken off the figurehead on the clipper ship. His story was corroborated by two young crewmembers that were on the boat with him."
Doris leaned close to Carlo. "What is he doing in the picture?"
"The caption says he's holding a piece of the clipper ship. Looks like that piece of driftwood he threw in the boat and almost hit Smitty.
"They don't mention he thought the fleet was from Atlantis?" Doris said.
"It does mention Atlantis. Listen to this." Carlo read on. "The boat was named after the Society of Antediluvian Sailors. They meet every other year in the Mediterranean where they believe the island of Atlantis sank seven thousand years ago. He plans to purchase a new boat with the insurance money, but the accident has left him without a boat for this year's convention. He has signed up as a crewmember on another of the Society's vessels. He'll be sailing to Crete on the Cataract." The newspaper crinkled as Carlo folded it up.
"Does make you wonder what happened out there. Something sank his boat," Carlo said.
Doris shrugged. "We didn't even get honorable mention for pulling them out of the water."
He chuckled. "Smitty and Pirate aren't mentioned either. They probably want to forget about them. That dog seemed to have it in for the boys."
Someone knocked at the door. Meredith got up. "I'll get it."
Sunlight filtered through the curtains on either side of the door. A breeze moved the filmy material making it sway like the misty creatures on the water. 
As she reached for the door, the curtain wrapped around her arm in a wet embrace. She jerked her hand back, then laughed at herself. It was just dew from the windowsill. She opened the door.
Bright sunlight flowed in. A tall, dark figure stood on the porch holding something. The scent of cinnamon was strong. Meredith blinked.  
"May I come in?"
Meredith stepped back from the door. The figure entered and pushed the door shut. It was Argon. She was holding a flowerpot.
"I was hoping you could give this a home. It's a fascinating plant, but it doesn't fit in my rainforest. I didn't quite feel right about throwing it out." 
She held out the pot. It was full of water. The vine that floated on the surface was covered with tiny blue flowers.
"I don't believe I've ever seen you in pink," Argon said. "It's a good color for you."
Doris stepped into the hall. "Hello, Ms. Argon. How nice of you to visit." 
"Please, call me Renee. With Spencer leaving in such a hurry I wanted to see how the work turned out."
"Let me give you a tour," Doris said. She took her by the arm. Together they walked down the hall with Doris pointing out the new electrical fixtures. Edison paced behind. His tail twitched, and his occasional meows added emphasis to what Doris was saying.
"Guess I'll go make some coffee," Carlo said. "Tony should be here soon. This might be a good time to bring out the pastries I brought from the Clipper." He winked and headed to the kitchen.
Meredith carried the flower up to the turret. The water sloshed against the sides of the pot as she climbed the stairs. She put it in the windowsill and knelt on the cushioned seat. 
The sky was a perfect blue with no clouds. A breeze stirred the willow tree branches, and they caressed the grass. It was still early morning, but the fog that usually covered the ground was gone.
 Tony was crossing the yard. He looked up and waved. On her way out, she paused by the photograph in the hall. The boy seemed to look out to her from across time. His fingers coiled around the cup. Her eyes moved to the figurehead. She could still hear Tony and Amari discussing the sandals, but the figurehead now had bare feet. She squinted at the photograph. There was a fine line, like a crack, where it looked like the wood might have been repaired. The feet were a slightly different shade.
She hurried down the stairs and opened the front door. Tony was whistling as he bounded onto the porch. 
"Looks like you're going to have to rename the place," he said. "The fog seems to have disappeared with the cup."
"I'll miss the murky part."
"When do you go back home?" he asked.
She shrugged. "My birthday is next week. The forecast here is for rain."
"That's not too good for a fancy party." 
"Well?it always rains on my birthday, and I thought maybe having my party here would be nice." She held her breath waiting for his reply. 
"Sort of an all girl party with the latest in fashion and gourmet food? I guess you could bring the whole crowd down and have a mystery party kind of thing. They rent fog machines in town."
"So?I take it you're not interested in coming?"
"Wouldn't know what to wear," he mumbled.
She grinned. "The fashion police won't be coming. Just a couple friends. What you're wearing would be fine. Or maybe we could both find something stunning in the clothing donation box. Did Amari show you how to open the combination?" 
"She didn't share that secret."
"Just as well. You're already too far along on your life of crime."
Silence settled in. Meredith felt a panic rising inside. She had to say something.
"It's just going to be pizza and snack foods. And watermelon." He wasn't responding. She blurted out, "You can even spit watermelon seeds if you want. Are you going to come or not?"
He grinned. "If you put it that way, how can I refuse. You can't have a party without a champion seed spitter."
She sighed with relief. That was settled.
"You still owe me a tour of the house," he said. "I'm not doing anything special right now?" He gave her a hopeful look.
"I thought we were planning my party," she said with a smile. "Come on. There's a lot to explore and I haven't seen most of it myself. We can start with a picture I want to show you."


EPILOGUE

The first stars were just coming out. Warm breezes passed through the round glossy leaves of a squat shade tree. A young woman leaned against the trunk. Her dark hair reached just past her shoulders. It was braided with a blue silk scarf twisted through the strands. Highlights in her hair complimented the scarf's color.
Two children sat on the grass in front of her. The boy was about ten and his sister a little younger.  
"What do you think of my watermelon?" the woman asked. The boy took a big bite, and chewed thoughtfully. Then tilting back his head, he spit a seed. It flew a short way and disappeared into the grass. The young woman laughed.
"Not bad," she said, "but I think Tony's record was about twice that far."
"It's not polite to spit seeds," the little girl said. "Isn't that right, Amari?" She dabbed at her mouth with an embroidered cloth.
"Well, Meredith didn't seem to think it was," Amari said. She leaned forward and whispered. "But I think Tony had more fun."
"That's a story," the boy said. "You just made it up for us."
"Did I?" she answered. "How about the watermelon? Did I make that up too?" She handed him another slice. "Someday my watermelon will be famous. Ships will come to our port just to buy my shadow world fruit. I will be rich."
"But then you will leave us. Who will take care of us and tell us stories?" the little girl asked. 
Amari laughed. "By then you will be grown up and married. You will probably have a dozen children of your own."
"What will you do with all your money?" the boy asked.
"I will have a place for homeless children. I will teach them how to read. Maybe some of them will grow up and become sailors. And maybe, just maybe, one of them will visit the shadow world and bring back more tales of wonder.




