Princess Daphne and the Child Stone.

 by Dave Kirk



Princess Daphne and the Child Stone.
Copyright © 2012 by Dave Kirkpatrick

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be printed by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of the copyright owner of this book (the author). Thank-you for respecting the hard work involved in the production of this publication. 
This is a work of fiction. All the events, locations, and characters in this publication are fictitious and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, are purely coincidental.

Copyright Dave Kirk-2012

Smashwords Edition License Notes:
This free ebook may be copied, distributed, re-posted, and shared, provided it appears in its entirety without alteration, and the reader is not charged to access it.


Chapter 01: The end?

Once upon a time there was a Royal alliance by marriage between the Tobermoor valley and the kingdom of Galt.  All the hopes and dreams of both kingdoms were focused on the event. None were more satisfied at this than the bride. Nothing made her happier on her wedding day than the fact that her little servant would witness it.  All knew they shared a 'special' relationship. Truly magical. Thinking of this, she touched her stone on its thong.
Little one adjusted her flower girl gown then frowned at her reflection.  Her flower-girl gown had been cunningly tailored to emphasize her toddler appearance. She hated it. Suddenly, she was running, her ‘mistress' had silently summoned her.  How she hated that stone!  
Mistress pulled little one into her lap to confide quietly.  "Little one, you won't hold any flowers today.  It wasn't easy, but I have arranged to have you and you alone to hold my wedding train.  It's thick and heavy but you'll manage. You will follow ten feet behind me on this day of days, ‘in the tall shadow of your great lady', as the court scribe will record." 
She cuddled her little one happily at this choice bit of joy then continued. "My lit-tle ‘servant' has the best view in the church.  You WILL stand silent and calmly watch the wedding, until you follow me and my prince out into our new life."  
The stone glowed softly on its thong between mistress's breasts, so little one knew this would be so. She sighed sadly in resignation. 
Her mistress smiled. "For the rest of both our whole lives, we will recall, that moment. The moment you truly begin your new life.  A very long life, of service, as lowly handmaiden to the next great queen of Galt.  Ever servile, nameless and unnoticed.  Never out of my shadow.  Never beyond of my reach."  She chuckled cruelly at little one's sour reaction. "Now enough frowns, smile often today. Hair now!"  She clapped, startling the child who jumped onto a chair to obey.
"To work little one. You will tidy my hair, it must be perfect..."   As the orders poured forth from her mistress, little one had to smile and obey.  How she hated that stone. 
Little one thought about how it had all gone wrong. All she had wanted, was to go swimming on a hot day.  If only... 

Chapter 02: Little Sonya.

Seven weeks earlier, the marriage broker brought news of success. There would be an alliance by marriage between the house of Tobermoor and the kingdom of Galt.  The dowry was indeed a princely sum but the trade and political ties would be well worth the price. It saddened good King Tobias that Galt was a distance, two weeks by coach. He could not visit often.
Now, good King Tobias doted on his only daughter. A girl of surpassing loveliness, but selfish, childish....Spoiled. At times, the King ofttimes regretted indulging her every whim. It seemed he could never resist her demands, for she reminded him of his late queen.  Sending her away would hurt, but it was time for her to marry. The marriage was a good one. It would greatly enlarge her rank and the rank of any grandchildren. For Galt was a rich vast domain and Tobermoor was but a mountain valley. “Be a strong king for her. It's what you would ask of me.” he sighed as he gazed at the queen's portrait.  “Just have to stay calm and weather the storm.  For her.” 
Princess Daphne of Tobermoor soon learned she was betrothed. She accepted the news as all had expected.  She smashed the crockery in her room. Her handmaiden sighed and, without being asked, began to hand Daphne delicate objects on shelves too high for the petite princess to easily reach. 
Daphne laughed and calmed. "I shall talk to father, then all will see, I am right." 
"Perhaps milady.  Or, perhaps, today, his majesty, is your king, instead."
"Huh!  We'll see." 
******.
King Tobias, rested his chin on his hand as he calmly watched his daughter stalk into his court.  He hardly moved as her yelling become hoarse talking which dwindled to a sullen stare.  He sighed, then negligently signalled his bailiff who commanded.  "Guard Captain Blake!"  Guards marched in from the walls to form a living box around Daphne. It was all done without a single command being made. Daphne realized father had planned this well in advance. 
"I am a princess! I won't wed a man I never met!"  She declared hotly.
In reply, King Tobias addressed the court. "It is our will that these men shall escort LADY Daphne night and day for seven weeks, till the wedding, least harm befall her."  He glowered at his child.  "Or, something ELSE cause her to stray en route to her DUTY to her Lord the King. You would have known all about your wedding daughter, if you had attended any of our privy councils. If only the ones when your future was discussed.  As was our oft repeated request and also your royal DUTY!  My patients has limits daughter!"
Daphne's mouth worked but nothing came out. Demoted to a mere ladyship, the idea!
Into this silence, captain Blake stepped forward. He brought forth a very small child. "Your majesty. May I present Sonya. For milady's personal body servant on her journey Sire."  
"An infant!  What is the meaning of this!  We..."  An outraged King began to reprimand captain Blake for this insult, but became silent as the child took a step forward. 
The court bailiff also stepped forth to arrest them both. Little Sonya stopped him with a glance saying quietly.  "I speak now."  The court fell strangely silent as if commanded.
Daphne gasped, the child seemed to briefly glow from inside, both times. The child's left hand was on her chest holding... something. She rose on tiptoes to view round her guards better.  
The child inhaled nervously and seemed so agitated in nervous fidgeting that Daphne joked about the coloured sparks flying between her hands.  Nearby guards looked puzzled at this remark.  Unlike fireplace sparks, these faint sparks did not move randomly upward, but seemed purposeful somehow?
Sonya‘s high pitched voice piped. "A great lady like Princess Daphne should have servant. I be good worker. Can cook clean, and sew." Her soft voice somehow penetrated to hold the rapt blank-faced attention of all present. "I good child, make princess want to be good mommy an good queen. Be good help day and night.  Take good care of her, promise! Cross me heart." 
The court tittered in amusement as Sonya drew a deep breath. "Start duty, ...this ...very ...NIGHT!" The child's tightly clasped, imploring hands appeared to flare at that last and her face grimaced, shiny with sweat. 
Princess Daphne gasped at the multicoloured flare, but her guards urged silence. 
The king paused, blinked, then nodded.  "Well spoken child.  This arrangement might well awaken my daughter's protective mothering side.  Scribe! Prepare a royal writ. It is our will that Princess Daphne will take the sole role of guardianship.  She and she alone will provide for the tyke out of her own purse. Sole taskmaster and disciplinarian. Only Lady Daphne may hit or even scold this little one.  Lady Daphne alone, held responsible for the child's misbehaviour and care."  
“As if.” Daphne sniffed audibly, already planning to have nothing to do with any nanny work. That flare...  did anyone else...  She sought, in vain, for other astounded faces. None?
Tobias rose to glare at Daphne.  "You WILL mind my will in this. There will be NO shirking of THIS duty, for there will be NO other servants. Your handmaidens stay HERE!”  he thundered, pointing decisively down.
“Wha...  father you can't....”  The king had never talked to her like this before.
“WE CAN!  I am YOUR king." He settled back. "Further, tis our will that the child be inseparable from LADY Daphne day and night. Until your wedding, daughter, when your new lord and husband the crown prince of Galt will likely deem otherwise. Stick THAT in the royal writ somewhere too!" He sat scowling.
Daphne groaned loudly at this, glows and flares forgotten. Father is so mean, he reminds all of my lowered rank till I wife AND that Royal saddles me with a brat.  Till then I'm just another noble lady.
The King rose at her outburst, "SILENCE!  Captain Blake will report to us on your ‘mothering' daughter. If it pleases, we will double the gold in your wedding gift.”  
Daphne looked up, all others issues forgotten. Gold? Did he say gold? 
Her father smiled at her new rapt interest and continued.  “If NOT we will remove it! Her welfare is YOUR welfare daughter. You are of age. It is well past time you took on some adult burdens. One day, you will help host the household of Galt. Do not begrudge that your new house is now enlarged to one tiny servant whose needs are small. Surely you can do right by a child for a few weeks. Now to your duty! Dress her as befits a royal servant!" Was King Tobias's last word on the matter.
Princess Daphne reluctantly took the child by the hand and lead her away. 
 
Chapter 03: The Dance. 

The guards took their orders to heart and closely confined Princess Daphne. She was locked in at each inn or constrained to the campsite at each stop over. High rank and wounded pride kept her from talking to her ‘protectors'. That meant she only had Sonya to socialize with. 
Little Sonya, in contrast, was completely unrestrained.  At each stop, she left sprinting, to fetch cool water, for her Mistress.  Often back before the guards decided it was safe to allow Daphne to exit from the sweltering carriage.  Such energy in the child, the magic of youth.
Sonya was everything she promised the king and more. The child was an amazing attendant. At dawn, Sonya would often disappear to gather wild herbs for cooking and pretty flowers, to please her mistress.  Morning and evening she made aromatic herb tea, ever earnestly concerned the flavour be pleasing, for her Mistress.  Before bed, she combed out and braided Daphne's waist long hair for packing in it's travel snood overnight. A laborious task made soothing by small gentle hands.
It took days, but the child's efforts soon won through Daphne's frosty attitude. Daphne, slowly became very fond of Sonya. 
Sonya would lighten the hours of the trip, with her childish enthusiasm of the imagined wonders of the nearby town or forest.  She asked endless questions about court life, gushing about how won-der-ful being a princess must be. It was amusing to hear her prattle on, until she fell asleep in the carriage her head in Daphne's lap. Daphne smiled at the child who tried so hard to please. She seemed so adult at times. It was so cute.
On the sixth morning, they reached a washed out bridge. Captain Blake was unhappy for the delay but announced a layover till locals could repair it.  
During this prolonged idleness, Daphne was pensive. "Sonya's so innocent and free, I'm guilty of being royal and sentenced to matrimony," Daphne thought gloomily.  
"No frowns mis-tress. Don be sad. Please smile." Sonya had quietly entered and was wide eyed with concern. "You wan past guards? Can help with mag-ic."   
"Magic. I see." Daphne spoke with amusement.
Sonya nodded solemnly, making Daphne laugh. "Know mag-ic mistress. You leave, go for long walk.  Clear pool by the river for swimming! You get fun! Big fun!"  More nodding. "Do mag-ic?" 
"Swim? Hm."  She touched Sonya's fist, something glowed within. "What is that?"
The little girl put the object behind her back protectively. "My lucky stone. Mama gave it to me. I hold it when I think of her."  Sonya looked into Daphne's eyes. "You WILL let me ...keep it? Mistress?  I'll be very good!" She seemed to panic.  Her determined statement became ardent pleadings, pixie face tugged at the heart.  
For a moment, Daphne was sure she saw a glow from where the little fist should be, right through Sonya's body! Impossible, then the glow left.  Daphne shrugged, she had seen many glows lately. Trick of bad lamplight. She sighed and said a thing she would ever regret. "I miss my mom too. Easy. No one is taking your stone. Be nice to go for a cool swim." Daphne cuddled the child. "Now do you have a wand?"  
That brought a smile. "Before you, kid-napped by witch. Uh-huh."  Sonya looked sadly down.  "The bad old one murdered rest of Sonya's family.  Made Sonya help her with her mag-ic. The Cap-tain rescue Sonya, promise send faaar away."  Sonya brightened.  "Here am Sonya going far away mistress."
"Oh... Good of him."  Inside, Daphne was horrified, poor thing talks as if it happened to someone else. Daphne vaguely recalled some court gossip about a manhunt for some sorceress plotting treason.  Sonya's witch was THAT witch...
"When the Cap-tain and his men, came for her.  The old one made magic, she danced then walked right past him.  You dance, go walkies!"  Sonya's eyes sparkled sadness forgotten.
"Really? Just walked?" She resolved, later she would demand the Captain's account.  
"Uh-huh.  Captain no see witch, just lit-tle Sonya."  Sonya nodded vigorously.
"Sounds like heap BIG magic."  Daphne smiled amused.
Sonya was wriggling with excitement. "I know ALL about it! The old one, She drank a hot potion, drew a circle and danced!  Then she walk. None stop her." Sonya nodded excitedly. "Mistress! I help! Gathered herbs. Remember dance! It will be such big fun! You could walk right past ol' stuffy captain.! He-he-he..." She giggled uncontrollably at the thought.  
Daphne laughed, thinking, why not, child's play for an empty morning.  Make the poor thing giggle. What is the worst that could happen?  "Alright we are stuck here, until the bridge is fixed, anyway.  Go! Gather your herbs. I so command it." 
The child vanished sprinting. 
******.
Soon Sonya poured hot water over crushed herbs.  "When it cools, mis-tress I drink it."
"No. I change, so I drink it.  Then, the dance."  Daphne's tone ended the argument.
"Both dance, both drink mis-tress."  Sonya tipped the infusion into her own mouth.  She made a face.  "Whew! Burnt my tongue mis-tress."  She started to drink more, but Daphne took the pot. 
"Children. Honestly!"  Daphne blew on the liquid and downed it. Daphne gagged at the herb sludge at the bottom. "Vile."
Sonya nodded and drew the biggest circle she could within the confines of their tent.  The bedding and baggage had been removed to the walls or placed outside with their lunch.
"Witch was barefoot Mistress."  Sonya kicked off her sandals, took off her vest, and motioned Daphne to loosen her clothes. Without the confining vest, her little gown looked like a wrinkled sack with her legs, arms and head sticking out of it.  When Daphne was also bare foot, they both stepped into the circle. 
"We should hold hands so I can show you better mis-tress. First the right foot is out while the hands go in and up..." Sonya demonstrated the steps and began to sing peculiar words quietly. Daphne clearly heard words, understood, almost, but the verses seemed elusive, meaning slid off her ears. As if the song was not entirely verbal but parts of it bypassed her ears to reach deep inside her, somehow. 
The singing soon sped up and so did their dancing, but, Daphne found herself locked in step. She felt panic when she could not stop nor even slow the dancing at all. Her gyrations made her feel light headed, and tingly, or was it the potion?  The tent grew brightly lit. As did both their bodies? 
Last thing she remembered was rapidly sinking towards the floor.  As she lost awareness, she saw little Sonya looking directly into her eyes, face to face. Her last conscience words were; "how are you grown to my height?" 
As the tent went dark, Sonya seemed to be laughing in triumph.

Chapter 04: Little Daphne?

Daphne felt ...different. Not hurt, not wrong, just different. As she struggled to open her eyes, she tried to define what was ...different. Her dress, it felt ...loose.  It was sliding down her chest as she inhaled! Her eyes snapped open. In front of her, little Sonya was struggling with her clothes, except she wasn't so little. 
Sonya was gasping. She desperately pulled at cloth that constricted her breathing. Her sack dress had become a very tight shirt. It rose in jerks, past breasts, to armpits, allowing her inhale mightily.  Wait!  Sonya had full breasts!  She spotted Daphne.  
"A tiny person? ...Mistress!" The voice was adult, just like the rest of her.  
Daphne tried to rise and saw small pudgy hands barely peeking out the ends of bunched up loose sleeves. Her ring and gold bracelet had fallen to the ground. Both so big? She looked down to confirm her fears. Her dress hung down revealing a flat chest! She was as much a child as Sonya was an adult.  
Daphne lurched to cling to Sonya's now ample bare bosom.  "Don like this. Make go away."   That sounded childishly high pitched and the words were so apt for her current appearance that Daphne burst into tears. 
After a moment, Sonya patted her back, still panting. "Easy. ...Easy mistress. ...There, there. ...Easy. All will ...be alright."  She lightly held Daphne and rocked.  
"You there, there`d me? I'm a child. Right? Talk like a child." Daphne pushed away, sobered, sniffling. "You didn't say it would do this." Part of Daphne noted the adult body holding her was very warm, even hot. There were salty rivulets coursing down Sonya's face. Sonya was feverish, slick with sweat everywhere. 
Sonya panted, spoke with difficulty. "Dunno... Just a kid mistress. ...No, not kid... switched ages, ...I think.  Ah!"  A wind gust let harsh sunlight through the tent flap.  Hands on face, Sonya moaned in pain.  
"You OK?  I'll get the captain."  Daphne pulled out of the embrace. The dress began to slip as her short arms endlessly pulled it up. It threaten to foul her feet.  She stumbled but Sonya caught her arm.
"No!"  Sonya had Daphne's arm but only held her feebly. "No mistress. ...witchcraft ...I burn ...at the stake, .. you go ...  nursery. ...Please mistress, ...please ...we dance. ...fix stuff."  She gasped.
"Nursery! Like this? A child for ...years. No!" She stumbled back in horror tripping on her dress.  “Oops.”  Perversely, she fell out of her dress, exposing her to her thighs. She fumed at her lost dignity. "Arrgh!" Daphne felt a childish tantrum rise inside her. "Dance now? Right now!"  Tiny fists and feet soundlessly struck the ground unnoticed. Her fit kicked away the remains of her clothes.  “Arrgh!" Again, she impotently cried out.  "NOW!!”  
"Please ...no noise...can't. ...sick. ...can't ...stand ...need ...lie down. ...head pounding" Sonya, convulsively threw her sack dress away. Finally free of clothes, she slumped onto the dirt floor stark naked, chest heaving. She squinted at Daphne. “...feel so sick ...Mistress ...you fainted ...you OK?" 
"Uh. Fine." Sudden compassion calmed Daphne.  Anger forgotten, Daphne took a good look at Sonya, she was now tall, slender and very pale. Sonya breathed heavily as she lay supine, sweat drying on her bare tense body. Eyes clenched shut, she radiated distress. Daphne became very worried. "...you OK?" 
"No. Must have ...done it wrong.  You OK? ...you drank. ...Maybe ...didn't drink ...enough ...hard to ...think. Think ...before ...mess up ...again."  Sonya sighed, panting, relaxing slowly into sleep.  
"When?  When do we fix this? WHEN!"  Daphne's little girl voice became shrill.
Sonya gasped in pain.  She whimpered.  "Quietly, mistress, ...please...I am ...right here. We try... when ...world ..stops ... pulsing ...AH, my head. You..."  She swallowed wincing. "Ooh. It... worked, ...could go ...skinny dipping, ...walk by ...the captain. ...Won't ...stop you, ...now, uh..." Her laugh became a grunt of agony. Her voice faded as her eyes closed again.  
Daphne wiped sweat off Sonya's brow. It did not wake her. The adult face was handsome rather than pretty, lean and narrow from its widow's peak to prominent chin. It was hard to discern the chubby elfin face Sonya had as a child. Dirt floured her sweat slick skin. She was very warm and had a waxen pallor. 
"So sick. My fault, drank all her potion." Daphne muttered.  She tried to pull the sleeper to a pallet but Sonya was too heavy. Instead, Daphne straightened limbs and disentangled ...long hair. Adult Sonya's hair had grown over a cloth yard! Nails were quite long too. "Toenails too?" Daphne giggled.  "Oh! Hasn't groomed since Sonya was little."  
In contrast, Daphne's once waist long hair was quite short and her long fingernails had shortened almost to the quick. She sighed at this.  Looking down, Daphne suddenly realized she had let all her clothes fall off her small frame. "Better get dressed." Sighing she toddled over to her travel trunk starkly nude. 
Top came even with her armpit. "Sat on this. My travel trunk is so big. No, I'm tiny, like Sonya was this morning. Not quite waist high to Sonya ...or any other adult here." Daphne felt uneasy at this.  
With a grunt, Daphne strained to lift the lid of her trunk fully open. "So big and heavy."  The lid went past its tipping point and brushed at the tent wall to bang against the trunk side.  She grabbed her ears at the loud crash. "So big and loud." Volumes of silk blouse was looked at in disgust. "So big and useless! Nothing fits!" Her eye was caught by some crumpled cotton cloth on the ground. She sighed again. "Servant’s clothes." Then cheered herself. It was only for now. It would cover her. That was the main thing.  
Sonya's discarded livery soon covered Daphne's nakedness.  The vest was sloppy and the sack dress brushed the ground! She was much smaller than little Sonya had been. A little one. “Not fair.” she muttered. Daphne recalled that Sonya stayed up late to hem the poorly fitting cloth that first night. Daphne couldn't find any alterations. Odd.   
Sighing, she reached in the trunk to retrieve her jewel case. Soon her adult sized jewellery was locked in the box with her tiara. Having put aside the trappings of royalty, she took stock.  Her small hand mirror showed a chubby infantile pixie face, different, but not too different, from little Sonya. Hair looked much like the bowl cut her captain had given the child. "Probably be mistaken for Sonya now, if none look closely".  She giggled at her prominent ears. She sobered, muttering "not a child, just look like one”  She giggled again.  “Look like a sugar bowl."
She forced a serious face and put down the mirror. "Can't ever tell.  Captain is a dull sort. All about rules, routine, orders and duty.  Sonya is right.  Never understand.  Keep quiet and fix this with another dance." 
Daphne dampened a cloth to wipe the sweat and dirt off the adult. She left it to help cool the warm forehead. Sonya's breathing had calmed and her colour was slowly improving. Last Daphne pulled a blanket to cover the naked sleeping Sonya and with effort, eased a pillow under her head. 
Daphne sat to wait. However, she found she couldn't keep still. She tried to pace, but stumbled, nearly falling onto the sleeper. "Sonya needs rest and quiet. Too squirmy and fidgety. Wiggle ...like a child.  Clumsy too.  Did want a swim. Hm, if I keep my head down.  See any kid as Sonya, maybe. They never stop her going out with the bucket."  She picked up Sonya's big ...small pail.
As she left, Daphne realized she had the freedom she had craved. Only, she didn't feel very free. 

Chapter 05: What else do servants do?

The river was so cold! Fun, but now a shivering Daphne blew on her cold small hands as she dressed.  Fingers looked blue. It had been so hot.  Now, the sun hid behind darkening clouds. 
Daphne deeply regretted using her clothes as a towel. A rising wind chilled the damp cloth. Servants always brought towels. "Wonder what else servants always did?"
"Sonya!"
Daphne ignored the angry male voice. "Stupid man. Sonya's not here, she is in my tent. Warm." She muttered crossly, teeth chattering, shivering making her hurry her clumsy numb hands. She couldn't believe how swiftly her tiny body got sooo co-old.
"Sonya! Gawd damn ya girl. Laziness make ya deaf?" Gravel crunched behind her.
"Lazy? Sonya was never lazy? And how dare this mere guard curse in my presence."  Daphne muttered darkly, preparing her reprimand. Then a tall shadow on the river eclipsed hers and she remembered who she looked like. She stumbled one step away then looked up a gigantic leg of a guard. And up and up.  
"Sonya! Answer me! Captain want ya, sent trooper Burke n' me alookin'. Where were ya GIRL!" He loomed above her, face far away. A mountain of angry adult. 
Daphne’s travelling gaze fixated on the huge, angry, clenched, fists that were much closer. She panicked, sputtering, her small bucket held up like a tiny shield. "Uh... h-herbs?"  
He snarled at her empty bucket. "Yeah right." One huge calloused finger flicked drops off her damp hair.  "Ya went swimmin'. Ya lyin' worthless..." The hand raised as the voice grew loud.  
"Don't hurt me." Daphne cowered whimpering, but remembered. "O-only p-princess D-Daphne m-ma-may hit me. The king c-c-commanded?" She was terrified and uncertain. 
The face above, suffused red with suppressed rage. "Always pulling that. Milady will, this day, count on it. Now git! Git GIRL!" The flat of his hand struck, making her stumble forward. 
*****.
At camp, Captain Blake glowered, hands on hips. "I am very disappointed in you GIRL. Your lady has not eaten, the lunch tray is outside, untouched, attracting vermin. Milady groans and forbids any entry. She is in PAIN and YOU went swimming! RIGHT!" 
Daphne had never been so scared. "Yes." She croaked. She sniffled, as tears flowed. 
"Yes...  what!"  His face hardened expecting more. 
Daphne thought furiously. "Yes ...sir?"  Her voice uncertain.  The captain relaxed somewhat. Daphne gulped at the close call.  Sir was another thing the servants always did. 
"GIRL! You left your post!  Well! Explain YOUR-SELF!"  He thundered. 
Daphne felt warmth trickle down. She had wet herself, like a child. She wept, she couldn't explain ...anything. She once commanded this man.  Little Daphne felt cold, scared and retched. 
"Her mistress was ill! Little one COME!" A kneeling silhouette darkened Daphne's tent flap. Little Daphne sprinted to Sonya.  "Shh. Mouth shut mistress. All will be fine."  She muttered then shouted. "Cap-TAIN! You delay her return!  She weeps. Explain YOUR-self!" 
He hurried and bowed his head. "Great lady, she must be punished!  Sonya went swimming, when she should have tended you."  His voice betrayed concern.  "You become ill?"  He saw the blanket slipping off a bare shoulder and turned away.  "Forgive me milady, didn't realize..."  
"Indeed you do NOT!"  Sonya moved her warm hands all over Daphne, rubbing chilled skin. Sonya spoke for the captain's benefit. "You are freezing. Did you get your river plants? No? That's OK little one. No tears. Everything will be just fine. Out of your wet things, now." Sonya's loud voice seemed filled with concern.
Daphne stumbled past her. Wondering, what plants?  Sonya's hot hands had felt so good. The child rubbed her numb hands. Would she ever again feel warmth?
Sonya was shouting. "Captain! Before. Has she strayed? been neglectful? EVER!"
"N-no milady."  The Captain's loud stern voice had become small and uncertain.
 "Shown anything less than total devotion?"  She snapped, darkened tent obscuring her face. 
"No milady. Very dutiful. Milady." Captain muttered, his head still averted.
"Indeed! She brought me my lunch, found me a-fevered.  Fussed over me, became frantic, then declared she would seek river nettles or some such, for a tonic.  Then left. I would bet gold, she ran right past your men without asking? DIDN"T she?" Sonya growled angrily.
"Y-yes milady."
"Has she done that before?"  
"N-never milady. She always, uh ...um holds up her little bucket, ...or asks..."  His voice trailed off in chagrin.
"Never gone long.  Doesn't stop to play. Always comes straight back to her duty. RIGHT!"  
"Yes milady."  Captain sighed. "The men remarked upon it. ...Often milady."
"Except, THIS once. Dove in clothes and all, by the looks of it. Near drowns trying to help and YOU yell at her! She is a child, not a soldier. My fever is, beyond her.  Upsets her. She tarried when she couldn't find her plants." Sonya's voice acquired an edge. "Scolding her is MY privilege. MINE alone! Cap-TAIN." 
"A-agreed ...m-milady."  He muttered sheepishly.
"I will comfort her, sleep the headache away. Do NOT disturb us."  Sonya tied the tent shut.
"Very good milady."  He muttered to the closed tent.   
Sonya turned from the entrance to crumple to all fours, panting. "Ah.  Fun but exhausting. Always wanted to talk back to him . Stuffed shirt." She sighed.  "Ooh. I'll sleep some more." 
Daphne had rushed to support but was crushed to her knees by Sonya's adult weight. "You OK?" 
"No." Sonya managed. "Oh, you are so cold!"
With a grunt Daphne put her little shoulder under Sonya's arm and heaved mightily to regain her feet.
Sonya didn't sound good at all.  Daphne struggled to help her crawl. For such a short way it was hard going but Sonya soon sprawled nude onto her pallet.  Daphne pulled a blanket over top. 
"Thanks mis..."  Sonya's head raised.  "Wait. Listen." 
The captain was yelling. "...she TOLD you she wanted herbs?  DAMMIT! And you didn't tell ME! You are on night sentry mister! And whatever dirty jobs come along!" 
Feet shuffled as other soldiers fled to any chores granting distance from the captain's wrath.  
"You said herbs.  Perfect."  Sonya chuckled laying back then her eyes widened as she noticed the shivering Daphne.  "Need to get you warm, mistress.  Strip now. Please. You're so cold..." She lifted her covers exposing her bare flank. "Share blankets? ...Fastest way to warm you. Can't have you sick now mistress. Please."  She asked imploringly as Daphne held her cold numb hands in her armpits.
A naked Daphne reluctantly climbed in. "I lied, you lied. Captain is real, real mad."   
"Ooo, c-c-cold."  Sonya eased an arm around Daphne then relaxed.  "Worried for Davis?  One that caught you? He deserved it.  Poo on him. Never ...liked ...him."  Her voice became quiet.
"How did you know which guard? You couldn't see... riverside."  Sonya snored in reply.  
It felt warm and safe in the darkness under the blanket. Unnoticed tensions were easing. Daphne had been so scared!  Even Sonya's rank sweaty scent seemed comforting. The child relaxed, snuggled up to warmth and soon slept.  

Chapter 06: The switch.

Near dark, Sonya awoke looking pale. She stretched carefully as if fragile. Staying under the blanket, she trimmed her toenails and sponged off more dirt from the floor. Covering her beasts, she shyly pointed to Daphne's finery. Daphne shrugged, brought the clothes, Sonya dressed. 
Daphne grinned at Sonya's sudden body shyness.  Hadn't she held little Sonya from falling into every inn's privy on this trip because they were all ...adult sized.  "We have GOT to dance." 
Sonya was too busy admiring the borrowed finery to hear. "Much better. If a bit tight." Indeed, her bosom seemed overflowing, uncomfortably overfull. She rose to tower over Daphne as she adjusted the fit of the dress. No matter how she tugged at it, the sleeves and hem of the dress were just not long enough. Sonya was not quite as tall as the guards. Just taller than Daphne had been. Willowy with fine long bones.
She frowned at her hands and began filing her fingernails. Soon they were a fashionable length and shape. Daphne frowned at this, long nails were for a highborn lady, not a servant? Then shrugged. After all, soon they would dance, who would see her? 
Satisfied, Sonya held her long hair in both hands and sighed.  "So untidy."  She shrugged and began combing. She winced at the snarls. No matter how she held it as she combed, some hair managed to touch the dirt floor.  Sonya frowned, clearly distressed at this. 
“You could cut it, then dance.”  Daphne insisted, vexed at this delay over hair that would soon shorten.
“No!  End up bald after.”  she chuckled.  “Hm hungry. Tray's still full. Have you eaten?
“No 'um. Dance?”  Daphne held up the hand mirror. 
Sonya stopped to admire herself smiling. "I'm a pretty lady! Thank-you mistress. Near dark. May pass for you, mistress, maybe. If needed, for dinner, this evening. IF I crouch, use the cloak hood to hide my face. Don't feel great, but we could try dancing, after we eat."
"No. Dance.  NOW.  Switch back. Now."  Daphne felt sure this was only fair. 
"Soon. Soon."  Sonya just smiled weakly, shifted grip on her hair and continued combing. 
Daphne took the brush and helped with the hair. Thinking, sooner this is done, the sooner dancing starts. 
Sonya seemed amused at being tended to, then serious.  "Hm, to work then. First the potion.  Any left?" 
"No drank it all. Mam."  Daphne spoke automatically, then noted the startled look. "Oh! Have to call you Mam. Captain yelled about it. Yelled a lot.” At Sonya's look she blurted. “Went out. Had to wash, use the camp latrine. After... They, uh the guards, ordered me about... Made me hang my ...your wet clothes and move stuff. Most stuff's too heavy for me now. You like things tidy?" Daphne turned waving at the tent articles placed neatly, the two cots and trunk were still at the tent wall. 
She turned back and stumbled on her gown's hem. "Your stuff doesn't fit me too good Mam. Anyway, even low rank guards demanded sir. They seem scary now."  Daphne rubbed her throat, talking felt scratchy and now her head felt uncomfortably warm. 
"They got a good look and still think you're me? Men! barely look at kids." Sonya chuckled. "Mistress, they ARE scary. Part of a guard's job is to be frightening. Most grownups want sir. Don't worry about that.  I do like things tidy. That was thoughtful...  Mistress? Something else?" 
Little Daphne was digging with her toe, fidgeting, looking uncomfortable. "Um. Ah.  When you saved me. Defended me  ...things you said to Captain. Um. You work real, real hard. Your bucket is heavy to run with. Empty! You were, devoted, loved me. Barely noticed. I, uh, never thanked you, uh ...enough. Thank-you? L-love you t-too." A crying Daphne found herself hugging Sonya. Thank-you was something else servants did, but royalty never had to.  
Sonya awkwardly patted Daphne's back.  Her voice caught. "M-Mistress, I DO love you, AM devoted to you. Easy OK. No tears. Easy. We both had quite a day. Didn't save you. Captain would have talked mean for a bit. About loyalty and stuff. Never hits, just talks."  
She sat, tousled the child's hair affectionately, pulled her into her lap.  "Defended the child, not you. Captain was about to put all kinds of limits on little ones."  She playfully tapped Daphne's nose. "And ...soon, who, would, that, be?"  
Daphne giggled, it felt good to held, surrounded by Sonya's warm protection.  "You Mam. ...Should stop calling you that."   
"Not until after we dance."  Sonya chuckled.  "Had a big day ...for such a little one. Hm. Such a tiny person!  Did I look so cute? Hey, warm here."  Sonya frowned, palm on Daphne's forehead.  "You OK?" 
"No. I'm little."  Daphne shook off the palm.  "Wanna dance."  She said petulantly.  
"OK.  Let's fix things.  Now, fresh potion, we need henbane, leeks, rosemary leaves..."  
"Why are you telling me all this?"  Daphne's heart shrank as she suddenly realized why. 
"The adult princess cannot leave this encampment. Remember?  The little servant girl can and almost all of these herbs are way down by the river.  Now fresh henbane..."  
Little Daphne was pulling at Sonya's clothes, in the way of small children demanding attention from an adult.  
Sonya looked down annoyed at being interrupted.  "What!"  Her face softened. “Yes Mistress?"  she spoke gently.
"Mam! THIS servant girl cannot leave your side. Till you are well, maybe not then.  Captain said so. Besides, I don't know herbs." Daphne looked miserable. 
"Then I'll just have to educate you, mistress, near dark, herb picking at daybreak then. Wait, you don't cook?"  She pointed to the untouched serving tray, now inside the tent. "Hm, we can reheat the lunch I made for us. Can you light a fire by yourself?"  Sonya made motion like flint and steel being struck together. "No? Great. Been starting cooking fires most of this trip, if you go out now that is what they will expect you to do."  
"What can we do?"  Her growing appetite left, she felt lost. "They won't believe I can't." 
"YOU must educate ME."  Sonya giggled at Daphne's mystified look and explained.
*****.
They soon went outside and the child went to the camp wood pile.  Then under the child's hesitant directions Sonya built wood around tinder. The cloaked adult then took flint and steel and struck a spark. They conferred quietly, the child took back the flint and steel to strike her own spark. They alternated in this way until the child struck a spark that ignited the tinder then they both blew it into flame. "We did it?" They smiled together over the smoking growing fire.
"Yes milady. Your servant can do that so much faster.  If you just allow her..."  The guard was interrupted by Sonya.
Sonya spoke waspishly without looking up. "No! It has become VERY clear that closer protection and supervision is needed. Nor would it hurt for me to learn some womanly arts. I know so little of this. I AM to be wed soon. She will teach me at every meal and every stop for the rest of the trip. I so command it! If it delays my mealtimes, so be it!  Today, mind your OWN cooking!"  
*****.
Two cooking fires lit the encampment that day.  Both flared and died in increasing strident wind slowing cooking.  At one point, the clasp on the travel cloak gave way and it flew into a guard's hands. Both girls froze as the Captain returned the cloak. 
The captain presented the cloak on bended knee. He bowed his head. "Great lady Daphne, I wish to apologize, today was, unfortunate, but proves the child's abiding fealty. My only concern was that you were deserted in your hour of need."  
He took a deep breath, looked Sonya in the eye, paused, stared, seemed confused, then continued with a smile. "His wise majesty, good king Tobias always claimed that devotion in a vassal, only comes from good leadership from the lord. Have no fears about my report to him.  May I be forgiven great lady?" 
Blake stares right at her? And sees me? Daphne looked from one adult to the other, noticed sweat on Sonya, was her fever back? 
Sonya grinned widely.  "Arise and be forgiven. You WILL keep trooper Davis AWAY from my little one.  He hits her, is rough with her, scares her, and today was NOT the first time!" 
Daphne started. She hadn't mentioned him being rough on the trail. He had done so before?
The captain came to attention smiling.  "Already done, and gladly, great lady.  Peace?" 
Sonya nodded accepting the cloak.  She smiled. "Besides, You prefer her cooking over the drover? Yes I knew she spiced your meals as well as mine."  At the shocked look, then slow smile, she laughed. "OK captain peace. However, I will practice womanly arts, like cooking. Fair warning?" 
The captain chuckled. "Fair enough great lady. Better eat swiftly, storm will hit soon." 
*****.
They soon retreated to their tent, Sonya grabbed little Daphne and whirled her around at shoulder height. Exclaiming. "It worked mistress. We did it!" 
Daphne felt a thrill of pleasure and involuntarily cried. "Whee!" Which shocked her. She sobered as she was set down. "Uh. He called you Lady Daphne? He looked right at you?" 
Sonya shrugged. "He saw what he expected to see. A long haired woman in a fine dress is all Lady Daphne is to him, I guess. Kinda sad." She frowned then brightened. "Hey! You take me herb picking tomorrow." She knelt and spoke haughtily, her nose in the air. "I so command it."
They both laughed. Then the first thunderclap sounded. Daphne felt raw terror and leaped into Sonya's arms, trembling. "Want my mom." Daphne whimpered fervently. Taking a deep breath, she eased her tight grip. "Sorry. Childish. Haven't been scared of storms in a long, long time." 
Sonya pulled her into her lap.  "Since you were little?  How about, we stay together until the storm passes.  Share blankets. You remember our first night? I called you mum?"  
"Yeah, sorry I yelled.  Didn't want to be anyone's mom. Seems so petty...  MOM-MY!" Daphne squealed and trembled, whimpering anew at a much bigger KA-BOOM of thunder, hiding her face at the lightning flash. It was the loudest thing she had ever heard.
"How about, you call ME mum. It may comfort you and it is what the guard's expect.  Try it now." Sonya spoke soothingly, as she smoothed little Daphne's hair rocking her gently.  
"Yes mum."  It did help, a little. Daphne loosened her grip to curl up in Sonya's lap. She tried to resist the urge to bite her right fist, but as the wind howled, into her mouth it went. 
"In case they overhear us talking. Until we fix this. I should stop calling you mistress. OK?" 
"Yes mum."  Dimly, Daphne realized they had just completely switched places, that didn't matter. Right now, she was scared and just wanted to be held. She didn't feel so good.
"Good girl." Sonya smiled slyly as she began to hum comfortingly. She leaned back and settled a blanket over both of them.  "How about, I talk until you calm and can sleep. OK? Once upon a time, in a land..." Sonya recounted the classic story of the scullery drudge Cinderella. 
A fairy tale? Daphne almost objected but the shrieking wind made her cling close. The rumble in Sonya's chest distracted her from the storm. Daphne soon relaxed. As Sonya said "lived happily ever after.", Daphne was softly smiling and had been for some time. She felt sleepy, warm, and safe.   
Sonya positively beamed a smile down, her singsong voice honey sweet. "There. All done. Uh huh. Ah there's my good little girl. Safe and so very trusting. Now you are calm and very sleepy but you still hear my voice. Hm? Good. How about, YOU tell ME a story. Um. The last Beltane fete in your father's court. Start with the receiving line." Sonya spoke softly and rocked gently. 
Daphne felt sleepy, detached, she heard herself talking and answering the occasional question. The May day feast seemed so clear in her memory now. Her throat hurt a bit as she talked on and on.
*****.
In the morning little Daphne was flushed and feverish.  Her throat was a raging fire and she could not speak above a whisper.  She clung to Sonya and rasped  "don feel good mommy." A small moan, that pulled at the heart, escaped the child as her eyes fluttered shut.  
"Uh. Right." Sonya touched a hot forehead then carried the child outside to dip a cloth in fresh cold water. The captain ran up as she dabbed the feverish face. 
"Milady, the bridge is repaired, we need to break fast and be underway. ...Milady?" 
"Here. I need to make tea."  She unburdened herself and knelt by the campfire.  
The captain looked up, his face a mask of horror. "Milady! Your servant is ill."   
"Figured that out huh? Hey! Keep that cloth to her face. Now dip it, keep her cool. Mind her a moment longer. This tea will sooth her throat and ease the fever." Sonya put leaves in a pot and put it on to boil. "OK. Give."  She held out her arms.
"Milady. She has the influence, I cannot let you touch her. Y-you..."  Blake sputtered.
"Captain Blake! I have held her all night! Idiot. Not influenza, just a child's chill from the river. Give her back, now." Sonya beckoned. "For my sake." She sighed.
"Sonya make tea for princess. Make all better." Daphne muttered hoarsely, struggling feebly. 
"No! She is off her head with the sweats. She thinks she tends you! Milady may feel honour bound, but I am charged with your security, your safety.  Milady. There is a nunnery near here. I will leave her with them and they can care for her. It will be good." Captain Blake clutched the child, started to rise.  
Silence stretched as Sonya paused.
Daphne struggled, tried to protest but her voice didn't work. She couldn't grow up a nun! 
"CAPTAIN. STOP. It is not GOOD! I am charged with her welfare. I alone! We are inseparable! By order of your KING! Give her back. NOW!"  Sonya thundered. 
Blake was startled at the outburst. "But. Milady..." 
Sonya took Daphne out of Blake's arms. She handed over coins. "I want fruit from the next village. Juicy mind, AND fresh. Well? ...Break our fast, prepare departure. To duty! Go!"  She soon tipped cooled steeped tea to a little mouth.
******.
Daphne slept fitfully in the carriage. A wineskin of herbal tea seemed to ease her throat and help her sleep. She didn't want the cut fruit Sonya put in her mouth but some went down her raw throat anyway. By evening, she was rested enough to help big Sonya with her hair. 
Sonya's wealth of hair proved too long and awkward for its owner to adequately deal with. Daphne took over the bedtime combing Sonya's long locks before putting them in Daphne's night sock. Even that small effort left her exhausted.  "When dance?"  She tiredly rasped.
Sonya cuddled her close. "Still pretty sick little one. Barely stand. No dance for days yet. No arguments. Shh, sleep now. Haven't even gotten our herbs yet."
****.
The trip passed quickly after that. The captain wanted to make up for the time lost at the bridge, so they left near dawn, and travelled till past dark. It seemed they just travelled and slept. 
Each night, little Daphne combed, plaited and coiled Sonya's long locks into the hairnet snood for next day's travel. Days in the carriage, Daphne slept or raptly listened to Sonya about herbs, cooking and the life of a servant. Evenings, it was soothing for both of them to sit and groom, talking. Daphne often found herself talking of even her most private matters. As the illness faded, her trust of Sonya grew.  
It took Daphne days to recover.  She clung to Sonya as if to life itself.  Sonya the ‘princess' cared for Daphne her ‘servant'. This amused the guards immensely, but impressed Blake. None had noticed anything amiss. 
Sonya referred to Daphne as ‘little one', even in private, which Daphne accepted.  By the end of the illness the whole party did.  A good thing, Sonya reasoned, it prevented Daphne from not answering to the wrong name. Daphne WAS the only little one here she asserted.
Late at night, Daphne was troubled. Sonya knew too much. Sonya talked and behaved like the adult she resembled.  It felt natural acting childish, but Daphne remembered being a child. 
*****.
By the time Daphne was nearly strong again, they were in the well populated lowlands and sleeping at roadside inns. This meant, they locked in mornings and evenings and couldn't go gather herbs,  their guards wouldn't let them leave either inn or carriage. Desperate, the pair tried the dance, but nothing happened. 
It wasn't all bad. The best part of solid food was sweets. Daphne had discovered sweets, in a raspberry patch, while looking for the river pool, an hour after... this. Sweets were the nicest thing about being little. Before they were just desert. Now, they tasted soo good. Fruit filled pastries were best yet. Most adult food was so spicy and icky now. Daphne marvelled anew, that was the thought of a very, very small child, ...how old was she now?  
Sonya just smiled at this knowingly. When she bought their food, Sonya made sure a ration of berry filled tarts were included in their lunch basket.  She had to admonish the child to finish her entree before starting on desert. Saying "Children. Honestly." which made Daphne laugh.
Each evening seemed so full of spooky night noises, that Daphne kept requesting shared blankets. Sonya always agreed with an understanding nod then told the Cinderella story till she slept. The trip was no longer boring.  Early one morning, a sleepy Daphne was slow rousing to dress.  Sonya barked "Arms UP!" 
Daphne groggily complied to have her nightshirt yanked past her upraised arms. Her shift and dress were then snugged down.  "Saves time little one. We have so little, lately, these mornings." Sonya pragmatically explained.  ‘Arms up' was commanded every morning thereafter. 
Daphne felt violated, but only vaguely. Mornings, she was too sleepy. Sonya knew best. 
At stops, Daphne kept close to Sonya. It kept her from interacting with the guards, who seemed harsh and demanding. Perhaps they always had been. When the others spoke to her, she always did as they bid fast, if only to retreat to Sonya as soon as possible. Her obedience and submissive ‘yes sir', ‘no sir', and ‘please sir' became a swift, automatic, reflex. 
Finally, Captain Blake announced the final night of travelling. He suggested the princess prepare a bath to make a good impression on Galt itself in the morning.  The pair got a room with a private bath. The tub seemed huge, big enough to drown the child Daphne. Sonya proposed to share the bath with her. It seemed only natural for Sonya to bathe first, for that allowed the scalding water time to cool. Afterwards, body and long hair wrapped in towels, Sonya bathed Daphne, like any small child would be. She talked amiably, lingering, while gently working shampoo into Daphne's hair. All while grinning as if enjoying some private joke. Daphne wondered what was so funny, but never asked. The pampering just felt too good to interrupt.
That night Daphne had a peculiar dream. Their room seemed lit up, all colours, like a rainbow, as Sonya stood in its middle pulling on a dress.  There was a roar that wasn't a sound as Daphne ‘felt' the dress pull and stretch like taffy.  Sonya suddenly looked at Daphne and said "sleeeep".  The next Daphne knew was being woken at dawn.
In the carriage, Sonya laughed when told about the strange dream. 

Chapter 07: The Palace of Galt. 

The last morning, at the first rest stop, the drover announced.  "Hurry back from the privy milady, this be our only stop.  Captain wants to be in the capital before lunch."  As always, the drover neglected to give the servant child as much as a glance. No wonder, nobody noticed our switch.  Daphne mused gloomily as she followed Sonya. 
"Smile. It's not so bad as that little one."  Sonya tipped Daphne's chin up, trying to transfer her own smile to the small face.  
"Mum, we can't search for herbs today. The last day."  Daphne tried to smile, but instead began to cry.
Sonya crouched embracing Daphne. "Easy little one. There, there.  Everything is fine. The palace will have a scullery, with a well stocked larder full of every imaginable herb.  For wedding feasts, they will import the very best spices and herbs from all over. You'll see for yourself this very day, I will see to that. We will make our special tea, tonight, count on it." 
Daphne broke into a huge smile and embraced Sonya fiercely, gloom forgotten. 
"Great Lady, you tarry. What's all this about? What upset your little one that you stop to comfort her?" The captain looked harshly at the guards who tried to stand at attention and vanish at the same time.
"The little one doesn't understand about palace life Captain. She, well, you won't let her collect herbs today. She became SO worried that our lunch would displease me. It broke her little heart." 
Sonya smiled hugely and gushed. "Isn't that ADORABLE?  I promised to take her to the palace scullery's pantry and prove them well stocked. If that didn't satisfy, we would come RIGHT back here and have her collect plants to her hearts content."  Sonya put a hand on her heart and with exaggerated solemness. "Princess promise." 
Daphne coloured deeply as all the adults laughed at her expense.  
****.
Soon they entered the capital and went up the long steep incline to the palace. Daphne was impressed, both the capital and palace were bigger and better defended than her father's, implying vast long term prosperity.  "No wonder father ordered this marriage." 
"Yes. Immature of you to oppose it.  Still, what of Prince Adam? His fidelity, his character, how he might treat a wife?"  Sonya's arm was around Daphne in a hug, smiling.  "We will find out together eh, little one? You could go spy."   She was answered with a smile.
Little Daphne blinked in the sunny courtyard while the captain and his men formed up to escort them inside the palace. The people of Galt formed up in formal greeting. The locals were tall blonde and fair. 
Suddenly she realized they would all be introduced to Sonya not her! Daphne would have much explaining to do later after they danced. Sighing, she looked at Sonya when she noticed the changes in their clothes. 
Sonya no longer looked like a scarecrow in Daphne's petite princess finery.  It fit perfectly! The sleeves reached wrists on her longer arms, the hem brushed her shoes. Finally, the waist and bodice complemented her far more generous figure. Daphne looked down. Her own child sized livery no longer dragged on the ground, it fit! Like magic. How?  She tugged at Sonya's dress to ask.
Sonya scarcely looked down. "Shh little one.  We can talk later." 
Scurryfunge, the Lord Chamberlain looked down at this and finally noticed little Daphne. He stared. Silence descended.  Finally.  "What, is this ...person?" 
His staff crowded around to see what the matter was. Daphne soon had a fine view of their legs. This was the first time Daphne had been surrounded by adults, since losing stature. She clung to Sonya shyly as Sonya and Scurryfunge conferred quietly.
Scurryfunge suddenly bawled.  "A SERVANT!"  Agitated, he barked orders. "Chief Matron! Assign a junior to escort and watch over the waif." 
"What?"  Daphne was appalled. Sonya looked sharply at her signalling for silence.
"Milord, little one here is my ward. I care for her and she me. She is very devoted to me, and I her, we are never apart." Sonya stepped behind little Daphne gripping her shoulders for moral support. "Curtsy for milord Chamberlain Scurryfunge." 
"If it please you sir." Daphne overbalanced but Sonya knelt to enfold her in a hug.  
"Good girl."   Sonya looked up at the chamberlain. "Milord Chamberlain. She is my personal servant and stays at my side always. None, but me, may hit her, my father, the King has so commanded it. Captain has a royal writ giving details.  See to suitable refreshments fit for the child are at my presentation."  Sonya sounded fiercely protective.  
Scurryfunge looked down disdainfully.  "Indeed. She cannot accompany you to your presentation milady. That, is only for people of rank, IE your captain and your-self. Not any child, let alone a toddler."
"But Milord..." Sonya protested.
Chamberlain became stern.  "She would be underfoot. The palace is not for infants!  She will be confined to one of the inner courtyards. Chief Matron! this... does not belong. Have her taken to the palace rose garden. And minded!"  He turned to examine the papers presented by the Captain.
An older severe looking woman reached for Daphne's hand. Daphne clung to Sonya. Separated? No!
Sonya crouched. "Easy little one. All will be fine. No harm will come to you."  She stared at the matron meaningfully. Sonya rose and spoke to the woman too quietly for Daphne to hear. The woman was taken aback. "Near the kitchens? A filthy drudge? Milady. Are you ...sure?"
"Female mind." Sonya got a nod. "They ARE the youngest servants in most castles."
Their hands touched and there was a clink of coins. Daphne was nudged forward. Mystified and with much misgivings she was guided away.
****.
Soon, she was in a cool sunlit courtyard with a raised herb garden. Daphne brightened as she saw the wealth of plants. She knew them from Sonya's descriptions! Most every variety of herb was represented, except ...henbane. She went on tiptoe to view better.
"Those belong to the castle. Don't even think about picking pretty flowers. Hear me GIRL!"
"Yes Mam." Daphne chirped and quickly put her outstretched hand behind her back.
"Good. Now stay away from the gardens, far away from that well too, understood! You will have someone to keep you company ELLEN!"  The woman then bellowed anew into the scullery door, and soon a skinny, gangly girl-child hurried out.  Matron admonished Daphne a final time. "STAY here. No well. No garden. YOU, see she is safe."
"Yes. Mum."  The girl nodded turned to Daphne. "Och! Such finery. ...Same colours as dat new royal?"  Ellen seemed puzzled.  She was leading Daphne to the stone border of the raised garden and helped her sit on it. Ellen had stood taller than Daphne, but now Ellen sat on an overturned bucket putting them face to face. Daphne felt herself relax facing a near equal at last.
"I ...belong to the new royal.  Princess Daphne of Tobermoor."  It felt odd to say belong to, but that was what servants said. Finery? Daphne looked at Ellen with new eyes. Course patched fabric peeked round the ragged edges of her smock. Her hands and bare feet were filthy and calloused. Livery in Royal colours with thong sandals was high fashion by comparison.  
Ellen shrugged. "Don look like no Tobermoor. They gots like, dark hair. Don they?" 
"Do too have dark hair!"  Daphne felt offended.
Ellen got a dipper of water.  In the rippling surface of the water was a blonde! 
Daphne fingered her short hair trying find a way to look at it directly.  "Can't see it.  Ow!" There was a sharp pain at the nape of her neck.
Ellen was holding a small lock of hair she had yanked.  "See squirt? ..Huh? Dark roots?"
"She... she dyed my hair?"  Daphne suddenly realized why Sonya had enjoyed shampooing her little one so much. Private joke indeed.  "Why?"  She felt betrayed, her eyes welled up.
Ellen sat beside Daphne to put a comforting arm around the distraught child. "She? Oh! Dat new royal. Who kin say why dey do anytin.  Stupid royals, always giv'n orders and playing around. Just fancied using hair dye be-like. Not like ya be noble, jus a workin girl lik me."  Ellen shrugged. "Priest says I be seven, so I kin work. How old be ya squirt?"
Daphne shrugged. "Younger than you? Six maybe four."  She held up fingers to illustrate.
Ellen's eyes widened.  "Ya kin count? Why here, not wit her?" 
"Uh huh.  Read and write too."  Ellen was agape, Daphne knew she had over stepped. She decided to dumb herself down. "Uh ...a little. She arranged this kinda."  
They talked for a long time, Ellen asked about Tobermoor but grew increasing puzzled at Daphne's descriptions.  It seemed the view from the upper end of the social ladder was an alien world to the young trainee drudge.  When Ellen asked for specifics like privileges, taxes, or eating / sleeping / living conditions for servants Daphne did not know anything of value. "Eh, jes a kid, lik me."  Ellen pronounced sagely.
Not a kid, just ignorant. She sighed. Before this, it had not occurred to Daphne that servants ate or slept.
Then Daphne asked about Galt.  Ellen tried, but her poor grammar and use of local slang made the descriptions hard to follow. What references she made of nobles made Daphne uncomfortable at how selfish they were and how cruel they all seemed towards servants.  Much of that selfishness easily applied to herself.  Daphne wanted distraction and kept glancing at the herb garden behind them until Ellen asked why.
"Want henbane from the herb garden. Don't see any."  Daphne realized her mind held an image of sunlight glistening off dew on henbane's arrow head shaped dark green leaves as the vine grew within a hedge. But she had never seen any? Ever? If Sonya had found any to show her she wouldn't be currently in need of it, so how did she remember it? She was puzzled at this for only a moment however. 
Ellen had paled, spoke heatedly. "Squirt.  Ya won't see DAT here. King burn folk for henbane.  Henbane be witchcraft. Some scum tricked ya ta ask fer that. If ya knew, ya wouldn't be asking open like. NEVER ask for henbane agin. Or dey burn ya."  Ellen spoke solemnly.  
Daphne nodded, suddenly wide eyed. Sonya was the scum who had tricked her!
Just then, a woman shouldered aside the scullery door.  She carried a tub with a sack of turnips peeking out. A warm zephyr of cooking aromas drifted past her. She looked up and bellowed back inside. "Cook Appleby!  Found her! Ellen's out here woolgathering."
"In for it. Knew twas was too good to be." Muttered Ellen worriedly looking at her feet. 
"I talk. OK. You here cause of me. Be fine." Daphne spoke quietly, startling Ellen.
Appleby was a rotund florid grey haired woman. She stomped straight over to Ellen. "YOU! Find ya here just sitting on your lazy arse when the palace has guests and we have a formal dinner to prepare! Y’all find it hard to sit afore I be done wit ya...." 
"Don't hurt her! Please Mam. No!" Daphne shouted for attention then shrank back. 
"Ello. What's this?"  Appleby noticed the child and stared at Daphne's livery.  "Upstairs finery? ...Tobermoor.  Hells Bells! What ya doing HERE ...of all places?"  She calmed and spoke quietly to the frightened face. "Speak child. Won't bite ya."
Daphne mindful of Ellen, swallowed her fear. She blurted out a simple version of her story. "Princess Daphne is being presented Mam.  Lord Chamberlain thought I be, was in the way. Wanted a maid to watch me. ...Mistress bribed the head matron to send me here and wanted a drudge to watch me."  She pointed.  "Not her fault! Ellen only obeyed, been nice. Helped me." 
"Helped ya child?"  She looked to Ellen.
"Something funny Mam. Ya heard her. Talks all posh like, bin educated. Her royal disguises her..."  Ellen cut off as the cook suddenly became grim. 
"Mountain upper crust accent."  Appleby took Daphne's hands to examine closely. "Clean. Soft. These ain't carried a bucket, or a broom much. Hm."  She tilted Daphne's head forward. "Sunburn... neck didn't see much sunlight afore this week. Hair's been cut, less'n a week now." 
"Dyed too. Mam."  Ellen held out the lock of hair. Appleby raised an eyebrow.
"How ...old be ya child?"   Daphne shrugged.  "Open ya mouth. Wider.  Be not y’all fifth spring if ah be judge. Mayhap ya third. Might explain ya hands?"  The cook seemed unconvinced. 
"Royals kidnap each others kin all da time Mam! Ma Gran tells..."
The cook rounded on Ellen. She whispered intensely. "Ya gran er tell ya whut happens to them whut finds out!"  She drew a finger across her throat. "This be beyond ya place!  Far beyond. Keep ya hole shut. For-git ya ever met her. Help Koche peal turnips. Upon ya LIFE, SAY NOTHING ta her er nobody. Go!"  
She blew out heavily. "Pity, ya be a comely child, quite bright too, if'n I be judge. Come. I'll take ya upstairs ta the high ranks, where ya belong. Sort this out. I be madame Appleby, Chief cook ."
"Yes mum. Pleased to meet you."   Daphne smiled filled with hope. "My real name..."
"Is likely beyond MY place ta know tyke. Not another word. Upon MY life."  

Chapter 08: The stone revealed.

The way to the main hall was a maze of cramped service corridors. Daphne knew that servants had always appeared within moments at her least summons but were otherwise invisible.  She had never seen any servants rushing down the halls of the castle in Tobermoor. They, just were, when required and weren't the rest of the time.  She had never even wondered about it, it just was. Now she saw how the trick was done.  The servants lived, moved and worked in a different world, unseen by nobles.
They peeked out into the main hall only to see the presentation committee disappear down a secondary corridor into a side room. Appleby helped Daphne onto a nearby hall chair. "Wait here." She went to accost a downstairs maid to deliver her note.
Daphne heard familiar voices. Curious, she tiptoed over to the door and peeked inside.
Sonya stood beside the princess portrait that had been sent as part of the wedding negotiations. "Nothing for it. It won't do!"  Adult Sonya's voice penetrated the room in the same demanding manner that little Sonya had spoken with in Tobermoor. Blank faced people fell silent as just as they had in her father's court at the beginning of this nightmare! 
The lucky stone between her breasts glowed brightly, right through her dress.  This time there were more than sparkles. Bands of light poured forth in response to her arm gestures, going to each one present.  Silence grew. They all began nodding in mute agreement. Including the lord Chamberlain!  The bands of light ceased as a sweaty Sonya relaxed panting. All before her seemed entranced.
Entranced?  No enchanted!  Magic!  Daphne froze. It was that stone! Always that stone?
Chamberlain Scurryfunge recovered first.  "Cover that up.   It must be touched up or redone. Milady will sit for a painter starting after lunch tomorrow. These things are sent to try one."  
Daphne felt a cold lump grow in her gut, her thoughts were racing.  "The stone isn't lucky, it bewitches. Sonya is a witch!  She used that stone to become my servant ...and now me.  Her nervous twitching back home... She bewitched father!  No one here will believe me, she is seeing to that.  She wants me to have hope, to keep me quiet and cooperative.  She never wanted henbane ...no ...she ...wanted me to ask..."  Horrified, Daphne retreated only to loudly bump into the open door closing it behind her with a boom. 
Sonya crouched arms wide.  "Little one!"  The stone glowed faintly but no lights happened. 
Daphne suddenly found herself running to Sonya, joy bubbling forth as giggles. As she embraced, receiving kisses, the joy was slowly undermined by dread.  She realized. Sonya bewitches me the most of all.  
"My treasure. I'll never let you out of my sight again."  Sonya held her tight. 
Daphne began to squirm, she still felt joy but knew it was false. She looked up to Scurryfunge for help, but he was reading a note with a maid attending close by.
Scurryfunge frowned. "Milady, your presence is required out in the hall.  Bring the child. Head Matron, you as well, please, come."
Sonya smiled.  "Don't worry little one and keep quiet. We are together, all will be well." As she was carried out, Daphne felt her protests die in her throat.
Outside, madame Appleby waited, wringing her hands. When she spotted Daphne, she exhaled relaxing somewhat. She bowed her head before the Lord Chamberlain. "Thank-you for coming milord."
Scurryfunge spoke sternly. "Your note says the waif was brought to the herbarium?  A drudge designated to matron the waif.?” He squinted at the note. “Ellen? One of our youngest drudges! And that this drudge was appropriated without consulting you?  These are serious matters."  He cast a dark look at the head Matron. "What say you, did I not ask that the waif go to the rose garden? Hm?"
"Yes milord. But..."
"ET. Did you or did you not take a bribe to disobey my QUITE, specific orders?"
"Milord I, I saw no harm..."   The matron was panic stricken.
"No harm."  Scurryfunge scowled. "No harm. The castle depends on that herbarium! The late queen spent years acquiring the bulk of rarer cuttings and plants we all enjoy. To let an infant loose near it. ...guarded by yet another infant! I may find cause for you to tend it awhile, if you are that lucky. For now, give back the coins. Then leave my sight!"
The matron seemed to be crying as coins clinked.
He rounded on Sonya. "Now you. I do not know how things are done in Tobermoor. Here, one does not bribe. And children are not apprenticed as servants before they are seven. Your ‘little one' cannot join our household."
"She must. I am her sole guardian. Milord, my captain rescued Sonya from a group bent on usurping the Tobermoor throne. Their leader, a witch, had taken this little one's family from her. By foul murder. She has no one now. I owe her family a debt..."  The stone glowed very brightly now!
Daphne saw Scurryfunge's stern countenance softening. Swiftly she reached deep into Sonya's bodice and pulled out the stone between the fleshy breasts. "Milord! Beware! She is a witch! This stone is magic, she bewitches you with it even now!  It is the only thing that can turn me back into a princess. So I may do my duty and marry prince Adam."
Scurryfunge blinked then demanded. "What? Magic stone?  Lady Daphne explain!" 
Sonya warded off the question with her free hand. "Milord, one question, and things may be clearer."  She spoke to Daphne.  "Little one, you claim to be the intended of the crown prince. What story did I tell you last night?"
The question so surprised Daphne that she answered without thinking. "Cinderella same as every ...night."  Too late she realized her mistake.
Sonya beamed a smile. "My lord Chamberlain, are you familiar with the tale?" 
"Yessss, I begin to see. Drudge marries a prince by magic, becomes a princess."  The chamberlain nodded. "Often in the retelling? ...Hm, I see."
Daphne shouted, angry that her story was dismissed as a fairy tale.  "No! No!  It is the stone! Stop her!"  There was a change in her hand. The black smooth stone began to feel warm, then glowed!  "See! It glows! Mag-ic."  She pronounced excited. The stone's angry glow softened, it began to give off small coloured sparkles that slowly cascaded from Daphne's hand like a rainbow waterfall. Daphne triumphantly held it up to the adults, but the Chamberlain looked down indifferently.
The only one who was open-mouthed with shock was Sonya? The adults slowly began to look ...different. Daphne could see moving colours inside her arm and inside each of the bodies before her. Then, there was a growing roar that wasn't sound...  Startled, she let go of the stone looking at it fearfully. The glow faded as the stone swung freely on its thong.
"I see. May I?"  Sonya took the thong over her head for Scurryfunge to hold the stone. "It doesn't glow, merely reflects light on its facets. Fool a child."  The stone's glow was gone, leaving it a smooth shiny black rock. He gave it back. "Your young lady needs to learn to not interrupt her betters."  He glared at Daphne. "Particularly with fairy tales!" 
Daphne had huddled to Sonya's bosom at his anger. He saw nothing? Why didn't it react for him? As Sonya put the thong back over her head, Daphne reached for it.
Sonya rapped Daphne's wrist and tucked the stone away. "That will be enough of THAT little one.  We will talk, ...later. Now hush, adults are talking. ET. Hush."   Sonya fingered Daphne's jaw closed, and looked to the Chamberlain.  "Milord, I beg do not take offence,  she doesn't understand. I WILL talk with her. My fault. All my fault." She shook her head sadly. 
Daphne almost spoke out again but looked at the disapproving adults and pouted in defeat.
"As long as milady learns from this."  Scurryfunge nodded.  "Do not bribe again!" 
"Of course not milord."  Sonya seemed smug but winced. "My headache grows, with your leave I will retire to my room and bathe. My little one also needs to eat and nap."
Daphne started to object to this but stern looks from all the adults silenced her. She was handed to the maid who had carried the message. Daphne then noticed the sweat on Sonya and her grimace. Stone magic seems to hurt her somehow...  Just like when we danced! She got so sick then.
"The maid shall escort you and see to your needs milady."  Scurryfunge seemed bemused then blinked several times as if trying to gather his thoughts. "Just remember milady. You are scheduled to see the bishop by three for instruction on the duties of a wife and mother."
"Of course milord. I look forward to meeting his grace."  Sonya curtsied.
Sonya paused before madame Appleby.  "She seemed so lonely!  I had only wished for her to meet one near her own age for her comfort.  We will talk later to clear up you other concerns. Oh! I wanted to ask about my little one's meals too.  You should go now, you have a formal dinner to supervise. That is my fault too."
Appleby smiled weakly at the joke then blinked and went blank-faced, as the stone glowed anew.
Again Daphne watched the stone work on the cook who left bemused. As she was carried upstairs, she wondered.  Why was she the only one who saw?

Chapter 09: You are mine.

In the bride's chamber, the maid set Daphne down and offered to draw a bath. She pointed to an ornate oval shaped copper tub.  A tray with delicacies had been set beside it. 
Daphne escaped and fled to the far corner of the room.  She stood before the tilted vanity mirror. The small travelling hand mirror was merely unnerving, this fuller view was a shock.  Like Sonya, she too looked nothing like the adult princess Daphne portrait downstairs. Her head was wreathed in blonde curls. 
The rest of her was equally startling.  A large head on a small body with short arms and legs.  The round face had dimpled baby fat cheeks with huge eyes with an upturned nose. The receding dimpled chin was topped with a tiny cupid's bow mouth. She looked like a toddler! Much younger looking than little Sonya had been. It wasn't fair! 
The maid had barked an order, but Daphne stood transfixed before the mirror, mouth agape. When Daphne just stood there, the maid stomped over.  She grabbed Daphne's dress roughly, causing Daphne to surprise all present with a very childish scream.
Sonya, who had been inspecting the delicacies, looked up angrily. "Hold! The little one is MY servant!  None but me may touch her by royal writ.  The chamberlain WILL hear of this. I will see she is washed and clean.  YOU will never step in this room again. EVER!  Now, GET OUT!  I have a little one to comfort." 
The maid rushed out.  
Daphne ran to Sonya's arms to be picked up and cuddled.  "Sorry mum. Didn't think I would ever, I just, I, I just, I, I, I" Daphne began to talk faster and faster.  
Sonya sat, put a finger to Daphne's mouth silencing her hysteria.  "Sssh. Easy, easy, calm down. You just have never been threatened like that before. Never happens to the high born. Don't worry about the maids, had to make an issue of your, treatment. Better sooner than later, see how well that writ works."  
Sonya's face softened as she spoke gently.  "Wanted to be alone with you anyway. We need to talk. How about, we nap, then bathe. After, I wash and comb your hair, then we talk and you can do my hair? Always made you smile before?"
"Nap! No!" Daphne looked cross. "You dye my hair."  She began to struggle against the arms cuddling her, but they held her fast.
"Oh! You noticed. You don't like the colour? I can adjust that. Makes you like all the other children here."  Sonya looked down smirking, her voice mocking. "Something you want to say before nap-time, my little one?"
"Not your little one. I am a royal princess!"
"Ah, but you ARE mine. Captain's papers say, I am YOUR guardian. You are my fosterling, the orphaned offspring of common folk.  Some-one is getting cran-ky, needs her nap."
"Nap! No!" Daphne wriggled harder. "Not a baby you put to bed!"
"Yes you ARE." Sonya bared Daphne's bum and put her on the chamber pot. "Go po-po."
Daphne blushed, as she felt herself going, at this sing-song signal, out of a week long habit.  
"So glad to help you for po-po or your nap. Oh! Until I say otherwise, I require you to always need assistance for pee-pee.  Always.  If you ever fail to ask... Well..."  She paused dramatically. "Diapers."  She paused again. "...For a month." 
"M-month?"
"Uh-huh. Or longer, if you soil any. Always ask me for help. Until I say otherwise. I will know if you don't. If I'm busy I can order a maid to do it."  Her wicked smile spoke volumes as she said. "Don't worry, glad to do it."
Daphne envisioned strangers undressing ...touching her.  "Not fair."  
"Hey. Don't feel bad, I'll let you do this by yourself, one day.  When you are a BIG girl. Grow up so fast. Some of us faster than others."  Chuckling Sonya wiped Daphne's bottom with cold water and dried it, sparing as little dignity as possible. Then. "Straighten out that livery, you serve a princess!"  She mocked, her nose in the air as she tidied the dress knocking away Daphne's hands. "Wash."  Daphne was plunked by the wash basin. 
Scowling, Daphne did so.  She turned to find the adult holding out her hands.
"Oh! Your angry face is just so adorable!"  Sonya gushed.  "Now show me how clean you are." Her fingers wriggled expectantly.
"NO!"  Daphne put hands behind her back. 
A hand swooped down and firmly struck cloth over a tiny bottom making more sound than hurt. Then smoothly took the hands of the startled child round front again. She made a big pretence of inspecting them.  "Clean enough ...for now. MY you ARE cranky. You WILL nap." 
"NO!"  
"YES!"  A large bath sheet was flourished like a bullfighter's cape to wrap around and around her. Sonya scooped the child up bath sheet and all. Daphne struggled, but the sheet was wrapped snugly, pinning her arms and legs!  She could barely move! Daphne looked up very angrily causing Sonya to laugh out loud at her impotence.  
"So adorable."  Sonya sat on the bed with her burden. "Little one, no more frowns. Story time."   
Sonya paid no heed to protests as she again told the story of Cinderella. It was swiftly told and much abridged taking only minutes to reach "lived happily ever after." Even so, by then, the fight had gone out of Daphne. Being held felt good, she felt sleepy, warm, and safe.  It no longer mattered that it was the witch Sonya who held her. Her entranced, calm face was a study in innocence and trust.
Sonya positively beamed a smile down, her voice honey sweet. "There. All done. Story time always makes you feel calm. Always, ever help-ful. Safe, and loved.  YOU talk now.  The Bishop. How does a princess greet his grace? With a curtsy? Start with how one should dress."  Sonya spoke softly and rocked gently. 
Daphne felt sleepy, detached, she began answering all Sonya's questions. 

Chapter 10: The secret of the stone.

Later, Daphne woke to the sound of water being poured into the tub. She started to rise then noticed she was naked! She pulled the bed sheet to her tightly. The horizons of the immense bed stretched to bed curtains in all directions. She crept to the canopy and peeked out.
"Oh good. You're awake little one. Slept quite a while there. You bathe next. For now, Marie get her nightshirt so she may join us and eat." Sonya sat in the tub pointing the maid to the bed.
The maid approached the bed with the nightshirt.  Daphne shrank back, then cautiously reached for the cloth. The maid looked ready to part the curtains and force the issue when Sonya cried out. "Hold! Let her dress herself. Poor thing is fearful of maids right now."
"Very good milady."  
The shirt was carefully placed past the bed-curtains onto the bed. Daphne pulled it on under the covers. She climbed off the bed and tentatively edged toward the food.  It had been hours since the box lunch in the carriage, she was very hungry. 
Sonya spoke gently. "Come little one, we are waiting. Come closer. She won't bite."  
Daphne crept closer, then panicked, when the maid moved to offer the tray of food. She ran to hide behind Sonya in the tub.  Sonya laughing patted her on the head leaving suds to drip down her face. "Its OK. Now show Marie what a big brave girl you are and get yourself a pastry. One big one for being a BIG girl. Please, for me?"  Her other hand warded the maid from moving.
Daphne cast a venomous look at Sonya making her laugh again. Then she swallowed and forced herself to walk to Marie. Her eyes never left the maid's face as she reached for the tray. 
Marie seemed large, like everyone else, but now Daphne noticed how small she actually was. Marie was thin, short and flat chested, an early teenager.  Daphne hazarded a smile and took a flaky confection in both hands. "Hi."  She spoke shyly.
"Hi, little one. I'm Marie, I'm twelve. You are?"
Daphne felt overwhelmed. She just stared up, wide eyed.
"She will be three next month.  Hm. I shall conspire a birthday party with Madame Appleby."
"Oh milady, I see. A BIG girl."  She smiled warmly.  Setting the tray on an end table. "Here you go.  Try the cheese."  She turned away.  "Shall I scrub your back milady?"
"Am too a big girl." Daphne muttered. The maid was just a kid and nice, no reason to be afraid of her, she scolded herself. Holding the pastry like a shield before her she sidled up to the girl to say. "I'm sorry Mam, you're nice."  Then dashed back to the tray.
"Mam? Who..."  The maid froze, glanced at Daphne smiling. "Forgive me milady, just that, your little on is SO adorable, if I may say so."
"You may. I should have a private talk with her now. Leave us. I shall bathe her."
Marie looked scandalized.  “In the same bath milady?”
“Yes, I share everything with my little one.”
"Very good milady. Just ring when you need clean up."  She curtsied and left.
*****.
"Eat and think about what you just learned child. You were frightened, and ran to me. Don't worry, IT is up in the jewel box."  
Daphne went up on tiptoe to view Sonya better, the stone was absent! That was her own fear a moment ago, not magic. She had really hid behind the witch to avoid a twelve year old?  
Sonya smiled hugely and began moving a large sea sponge up and down her upraised soapy leg.  "In a crisis you went to the protector you trusted. Just like any small child. Just as you did before Scurryfunge, our guards and now, with the maids. You think as a child now. A very small, very dependant, little one. Mind, you weren't a very mature adult. Heard you. Insolent to your father, known for your tantrums... We strive for better this time. Hm?"
This time? Daphne was creeping toward the exit, munching absently on the pastry.  Would she be scared of the guards now too?  The hall door handle pulled down but did not unlatch.
Sonya spoke without looking her way. "Always lock us in child. Come over here and talk to older wiser me." Daphne looked at her sharply. "Yes, little one. Older, wiser, than you, but then, who isn't."
Daphne approached but stayed out of arm's reach. "You did this. Planned this. Planned my death today too."  She tried to avoid her angry ‘cute' face but from Sonya's smile she failed.
"Planned your death? Ooh right! Well, little me did. I WAS a vindictive snot two weeks ago. Today, I realized how much I care for you.  You're so helpless. I will protect you from now on. Princess promise."
“Not a princess.” Daphne spoke crossly.  "Why aren't I at a nunnery? And safe from YOU." She didn't like being dismissed as a threat to Sonya's ambitions.
"Nunnery? Oh! The Captain's idea. No, wouldn't do at all. Not for YOU. I need to know, to control your fate. This, my lit-tle servant, this is so perfect a revenge.  Control you utterly. The last descendant of Tombore is MY personal slave."
"Slave! But..."
"Unpaid servant, same thing. You just can't get wages until you are at least seven. Years yet. For now, I command your every waking moment. When you arise, go to bed, or," she giggled pointing to the pot, "even the chamber pot." 
Daphne blushed. Part of her wondered why would a toddler want revenge? What did her great-grandfather have to do with anything? Not important. "You said I'm three?"
"Not quite. Three was my age. Was. You won't be three until I say. Could tell folk you are not quite two. You are so tiny! Ah, your angry face, makes me smile." 
"Can't work till I'm seven. Why keep me?"  
"Ooh, but you CAN work, lots you can do without pay. Ways of being humbled for my amusement. Ah, the possibilities. Want you around, if only as a victory trophy, I suppose.  There were so many chances to abandon you or let you die, ...just couldn't. You are so small and helpless. Far too cute to hurt." 
"Not cute."  She hated being small or called cute. Daphne felt a tantrum brewing.
"But you ARE cute."  Sonya giggled then hardened.  "Do not repeat today's stunt. I will not be pleased."  She shrugged.  "It would be the same as today, no one will understand. I ‘nudged' the chamberlain to tell all his staff of our ‘fairy tale' today. Tell any servants I'm an evil witch and they likely will be amused. I will NOT be!"  
"You wanted me to ask for henbane. Henbane is for WITCHES, to be burnt like YOU will be!"   Daphne became shrill. "You ARE a witch and a LIAR!"
With an enormous sloshing of water Sonya rose out of the bath to loom naked and dripping over Daphne. She grabbed nightshirt raised it along with one of Daphne's arms till the child was pulled to her tiptoes. Then a wet hand descended to slap a tiny bare bottom painfully hard. "You will NEVER call me a witch again. EVER!" She thundered as the child wailed.
Daphne cried hysterically, and Sonya knelt to hold her.  
They rocked as Sonya murmured comfortingly. "Easy, easy little one. You were bad, but I still love you."  Over and over again until the sobbing lessened and ceased.  "Better. Now, will you call me bad names EVER again?"  
"N-n-no."  Daphne sniffled quietly, warily watching Sonya's hand.
"No, mistress. Say it now."  Her hand dropped but the voice was quietly threatening.
Daphne felt fresh tears forming. "N-no m-mis-tress." She sobbed feeling broken inside.
"Better. Sigh. Think you should call me mistress from now on. Arms UP!" She pulled off Daphne's wet nightshirt leaving the child naked. She held Daphne on the pot. "Go Pee-pee. Good." After wiping cold water over the child's face and bottom Sonya stood her on the vanity.  
Long fingered hands touched across a flat bare chest as Sonya held her fast. Daphne was turned to face the mirror. Even standing upright on the vanity, Sonya towered head and shoulders above her. The edges of mature wide adult hips and chest, on display behind her, were in sharp contrast to Daphne's hairless, skinny, immature body.  "This, is the new you. Get used to it." 
Daphne then saw Sonya nod meaningfully, and felt her squeeze until she nodded in return.
"You have lost, everything. None, but me, can reverse this. You are, you WILL remain, a small, fearful, impotent, lowborn, ...child. Ha! An orphaned infant growing up under MY charity."
Growing up?  Charity? The true horror of her entrapment began to dawn on Daphne, she muttered.  “I'll run away.”
“No you won't.” Sonya continued.  "Ha. If we are separated, all will return you to ME. Your mum.”  
“Not my mum.  ...mis-tress.”  Daphne sniffled as tears flowed.
“Actually, I am, earlier, Lord Chamberlain Scurryfunge made an issue that by Galt law I was not legally obligated for your care. He would send you away.  So, I had a court scribe draw us up adoption papers. Filed them with the bishop. You are now, and forever, my fosterling.  I am, well, not quite your mum, I am officially your sole legal family. I WILL protect you. Deep down you have known I will.  You keep running to me despite everything. Trust me, I will never fail to protect you. No one else will understand your problems. No one out there has believed you. Nor will they. So far, besides me, only you have the sight." Sonya smiled.  "Now say yes mistress."
"Yes mistress." Daphne sniffled, found curiosity penetrating her gloom. "The sight?" 
"Second-sight. You see the unseen, visions, lost items, ...suchlike. Other unknown things, like secrets, you just know. And like me, the stone reacts to your touch. Only you can tell when or how I work the stone." She leaned close, swinging the flat of her hand.  "IF you tell, I spank.  Hear!"
"Yes mistress." Daphne chirped. Wait ...reacts? That's why the stone is locked away. Maybe she could be tricked. "How does the stone work? Holding it, I saw ...things."  
"Oh ho.  Little one wants to learn the dark arts, grow up to be a witch! I'm telling." Sonya tittered at her humour. "Nope. You will not touch nor talk about using my stone again, ever."
"Yes ...mistress."  She sighed.
"Very good. Not to worry, I have become very fond of you. Also fond of treating you like the infant you are. Very fond of that! Now here is what frowning lit-tle girls get." Sonya began tickling until Daphne was rendered red faced and helpless.  
"Better. Your bath awaits. Now scoot, bathe, before I tickle you again. Scoot!" Sonya set the naked child down then admired herself before towelling down. "Five weeks till the wedding night. Then wow."
Retreating, a humiliated Daphne calmed her breathing, and held her abused sides as she glanced over her shoulder. She thinks she's won. I'll fix her, ...somehow. She headed for the tub.
Sonya saw Daphne climbing into the tub. She spoke sharply. "ET. What DO we do?"
Daphne sighed. Then touched her wrist to water.  "Cool enough for ...children."  Last time the ritual precaution seemed fun, now it was demeaning. She climbed in. "No hair dye."
"No hair dye... what."  Sonya sternly admonished as she put on a robe.
"Mistress. No hair dye. Please mistress." Daphne watched as Sonya smiled pleasantly. 
"Better. OK, since you say please." At the startled look Sonya chuckled. "Today. Hair dye is only needed once a week after all." 
Daphne crossed her arms making a small splash. Sonya chuckled.
"Your hair grows so fast. Faster than you know... Be able to style it soon. Make you look SO grown up! Ah, an even cuter angry face. Hm. You talk older than most toddlers. Cause talk.  What to do... What to do... I know!  Get a tutor for my bright lit-tle one.  Yes, explain your vocabulary, that would do. A ‘good' tutor."  
Daphne frowned. Sonya's smile said that good did not mean nice. 
Sonya knelt, and applied shampoo as she worked it in she conversed amiably. "No fun being the princess today anyway.  The court physician examined me!  Ugh. Co-old hands. Declared me both healthy and a fertile virgin. They treat me less like a bride and more like a prize mare for their royal stables. You ARE a virgin right?  Don't answer, you are NOW.  Then courtiers asked endless questions about my personal habits.  Won't happen again." 
"Took away your stone before you could stop him?"  Daphne grinned at the reluctant nod. The stone!  Without it she is nothing! If I grab it, run, bury it, maybe drown it. If I'm stuck like this afterwards, well, so be it, guards give their lives for such things. "Doesn't always work. Does it? You tried on me in Tobermoor didn't you?"
"Clever, for a royal, mind expect as much, from a witch."
"Not a witch, you ...blub."  At the outburst Sonya smoothly bent Daphne forward.
"Under water to rinse.  Oh, did you say something child? No matter. You are not the sort of witch the church finds, they are all fake. You are very rare and very real.”
Daphne sputtered and coughed out water. “Real?”
“Surprised you haven't developed your gift, at all. Talents of an infant. It is good you start over. Under my care, it will surely grow and develop."  Daphne looked up suddenly hopeful. "Not to worry, I know more tricks. I will always be more powerful stone or no stone. Yes, made no egress into your mind until recently. Today, I found out why." 
"Why? Ow...." Sonya began scrubbing Daphne's neck and ears hard. "Why MIS-tress."
"Hm better. Stone works differently, on witches.  With the others I have to shoulder their thoughts aside and push my desires in. Painful and difficult that. Thirty-five people at once today. Never been so powerful."  Sonya snickered.  "Mind, having an eighteen year old mind and body helped, but they all expected to obey a royal anyway.  Attitude is everything in magic. Pushing at them still hurt, but I did it!"  She smiled. "Can't wait to sit in on treaty negotiations."
Daphne quailed. She has plans for an empire. She had to be stopped.  "Different?  Mistress. Does it work on me at all?"  Daphne knew it had, but also understood she was immune to the way it charmed the courtiers in both kingdoms. Maybe she could help others resist somehow. 
"I'll show you.  When we are dressed for dinner."  She grinned.
*******.
Soon, they stood in front of the mirror. "You did up your vest all by yourself too. Such a big girl."  She gushed then laughed at Daphne's reaction. "Now."  The stone barely glowed.
Daphne left to hand a beaker of red wine to Sonya's hand. "Here mistress."
"Thank-you little one.  What just happened?” Sonya sipped her drink smiling slyly. 
"You needed wine? So I poured..." Daphne blinked a few times. "Why would I..."  
"Why indeed?  You felt I needed wine, that's all. The stone doesn't just work different on you.  It works BETTER. Stronger. Deeper.  Pushing at you, forcing you, you can ignore. However, pulling at you with a mild suggestions, works. Works even better if you are distracted first." Sonya chuckled. "Had to figure out why the stone worked so poorly, at first.  Your illness gave opportunity to try things. Took days. Now, I know how." 
Her heart sank. Daphne realized just holding the stone would not grant her instant control of Sonya.
"Instead of a prideful, rebellious, tantrum prone BRAT, requiring beatings, I have unthinking obedience. Folk will mar-vel at your devotion. That river fever saved you from much discomfort, possibly death."  She patted Daphne on the head.  "Forgot you would ask for henbane on arrival." 
"No, you didn't,  mistress."  Daphne muttered shaking off the hand.
"Attitude there... Emotion and attitude are everything in magic. He, he, needy lit-tle you not only listens but, deep, deep down, you actually want to please big me! You miss being cuddled by your mom."  Sonya hugged Daphne. "Such a child."
Daphne stiffened and pushed Sonya away.  Until now, Sonya's playful cuddling was good. Cuddling, made the child she was, feel safe and loved.  Tonight, it only emphasized how small and defenceless she was. "You're not my mom."  
"Close enough. Your mom and I are related, distantly. No matter. You feel guilty about her death. So you want to please her IE. Me."
"I...  It... not true.  NOT true! It's NOT!" Daphne watched the amused smile grow.
"No. True. It's what made our story time SO effective. I desired calm and cooperative, and so you calmed. Surprised me, until I figured it out."  She ran long fingers though Daphne's wet hair. "Gotten easier and easier each night. Lately, you go into a cooperative trance even without the stone."
"Oh no." Daphne broke free and backed away from an amused Sonya. 
"Oh yes! You tell me everything. Such a good little helper. Now that I know how, you are easier than any others. ...By far. Remember our first days, how I ran! Tomorrow, YOU, start running." Sonya mockingly stuck out her tongue then laughed. "Don't worry, I'll always have hugs and praise for my good lit-tle helper."
Daphne pouted. "Witch! Won't obey. Won't! Don't want to please you. Did this to me, so mean to me, lied..." Daphne paused to hand a hairbrush to Sonya's waiting hand. "Here mum." 
Sonya lightly rapped Daphne's outstretched wrist, then gave the brush back. "Never call me witch again! Don't correct your elders. I am always right. Do not resist me! Or you'll get more than a wrist rap.  Now, be a good servant and return this.  Reception feast tonight is to welcome us, ...well me here. Tomorrow we get measured for our wedding clothes."  
"Ow."  Daphne shook out her hand frowning, the witch was enjoying this! "You can't marry the prince.  It's wrong."  Daphne's lip was out in a pout. Her foot stomp only made a tiny click.
"The only one who cannot marry Prince Adam, or, anyone at all, this season, is YOU. An infant betrothed! That would be wrong.  Very wrong. Not that you lack for looks, ...cutie." Sonya laughed hard and long at this. 
Wiping away her tears of hilarity she continued. "I'll let you listen in as we share love that night. Hm. How about; I tell you about my marriage bed ...when you get old enough! There will surely be smelly diapers in your future, one day soon. Ah, the true joys of motherhood! Are all yours!" She sat and doubled up in mirth.  As she rocked in laughter, Daphne noted a further outrage. Her princess tiara sat upon this usurper's head!
Daphne was red faced in helpless rage. "I'll stop the wedding. I WILL! ...Somehow." 
"No. You will now become PART of my wedding. Be still." The stone barely flickered.  
"Won't." Daphne felt nothing? She exulted, she was prepared for that one. 
Sonya scratched her chin thoughtfully. "Hm. Perhaps some central role in front of all the court. One where you must quietly listen to the vows and more importantly watch us kiss. Yes, you will watch me ascend to third in line to the throne of Galt. All while you quietly serve from its lowest tier, visible to all but barely noticed. Perfect." 
She placed hands on her wide hips as chuckles bubbled from her throat. "How richly ironic. That would forever set the tone of our relationship. Excellent! It is decided. I will discuss the matter with the wedding planner." 
"Never! I am not your servant, I am a royal of the Tombore house of Tobermoor!" Daphne screamed with renewed rage, then blinked and yawned with sleepy calm. A glance upward showed the stone's glow fading as the witch smiled.  
"Gets easier with practice. Good. Oh! You were saying something? SERVANT." 
Daphne eyed the quiet stone and spoke carefully.  "I AM a princess." 
"No.  Not any more, as I said. Nobles! Consumed with high titles and your oh so exalted name. All gone now. Not much of anything anymore."  Sonya scratched her chin. "Hm. I think I will ‘nudge' everyone to utterly forget the name of my in-sig-nif-i-cant servant Sonya. No matter how often you remind them."  She leaned down nose to nose, her face menacing. "Which won't be at all in MY hearing. Yes. Soon, by late tomorrow, all will only call you little one or refer to you by some other non-title. Uh-huh, a non-title for a complete non-rank nobody."  
She turned from Daphne as if she were nothing. "Hey you. Feast next. Come a-long."

Chapter 11: The Reception feast .

On the way, Daphne found herself frightened by the adults crowding the halls. It wasn't just the prospects of being stepped on. They were so huge and imposing! She shyly clung to the shelter of Sonya.  She looked up to see if the stone glowed but it stayed quiet.  
Sonya noticed then crouched down confiding quietly. "Shhh. I'm here. Do not fear."
Daphne startled. The witch sounded sincere. She kept her eye on the stone.
"No, not my doing, this shyness is common to children, your age, in a strange place.  You must find courage or be ill at ease. I will try to help if you allow me." Sonya's hands caressed soothingly. "Its OK, I'm here sweetie." She hugged Daphne tenderly, then. "OK? Come a-long?"  She encouraged gently.
Daphne held the proffered hand feeling more like a dependant child than ever. 
Sonya smirked as she felt the small digits tightly grip her index finger.
They arrived at the main dinning hall only to be separated.  Scurryfunge noted their approach with disdain. Junior maid Marie was dispatched to intercept Daphne. She curtsied. "Milady, milord Chamberlain has sent me to remind you that your little one may not steward you by Galt law. If it please you, milady, I am to feed her now with the other servants."
Sonya crouched. "You be a big brave girl OK?  Marie will take good care of you. Right?"
"Am too big."  Daphne muttered as she steeled herself and found holding Marie's hand comforting.  She cautiously smiled upwards at the teenager.
Sonya nodded satisfied. "You are to stay with her? Good. After, take her to the rose garden."
"Very good milady. Come. Please? Be my big girl?" 
They went by the kitchens to a narrow room nearby.  Marie lifted Daphne onto a bench then laughed as the child's head was even with the tabletop.  "My, you are a tiny one. Find something for you to sit on, OK?"  
Daphne sighed, looking at the underside of the table and the servant's legs.  Back home, growing up, each room had special furniture her size.  Changed each year until she was teen aged and could easily use full sized furniture.  Growing up, she had never thought about the trouble father had put the castle carpenter through.  Sonya won't do that, likes to watch me to struggle onto furniture.  Special furniture will only be for HER children.  Always took such things for granted.  “I miss father.”  She murmured.
Marie came back with two plates. "Madame Appleby says for you to sit in my lap. Oh, Ellen says hi? You know her?" 
"We met today, Mam. Matron thought she was close to my age."  Daphne sighed.
"She is. Call me Marie please. Mam is my boss. Up we go. Ugh." As she settled Daphne into her lap, Marie somehow silently conveyed that Ellen was more than a year underage for working.  
Was this the sight? Daphne recalled Ellen mentioning that she could work only because a priest said she was of age. She decided to keep this insight to herself.  "Thank-you Marie. You got her a job in the scullery?"  A hunch or another insight? 
She looked impressed at this.  "Uh huh. Ellen is my cousin. She lives with my folks now." 
Daphne sighed realizing Ellen's parents were both recently deceased. Best to drop the subject.
Marie's lap was small and her legs skinny and bony, neither of them were comfortable.  How she hated being small. Everything was now far bigger than Daphne could easily manage. Even the cutlery was unwieldy for her small clumsy fingers.  
Marie took away Daphne's knife and cut up their food. Then tied a cloth on her for a bib. 
This was even more demeaning than when Sonya helped her.  Daphne frowned tugging at the bib. "Not a baby."  She fiercely hung onto the fork making Marie laugh.
"No, you are a big girl. Wear the bib, for me? In case I spill? Your mistress would tan us both for stains on your finery. You're lucky, get new clothes soon in Galt colours." Marie smiled.
"Oh. Look like you do, soon. Wish I never left home." Daphne sighed, lip trembling.
Marie sighed and tried to be consoling. "Hey. I know you lost everything recently. Yeah all the staff knows. Things will get better. You have your whole life ahead of you. You're young."
Marie thought it understandable that the orphaned child seemed grieved for the rest of the meal.  She cheered herself thinking the child would outgrow such things ...eventually.  She WAS so young.  She resolved to cheer the little tyke with fun in the garden.
*********.
By the time Sonya came to the garden to collect her hours later,  Daphne had fallen asleep with her head in Marie's lap.  As she was picked up, Daphne roused to hear Sonya talk about hiring Marie for a matron on a more regular basis. 
"It means responsibility but more pay for you Marie. Little one seems quite taken with you. Having a hard time adjusting to here, you understand.  Children need the familiar and comforting after all. Besides, milord Chamberlain worries about her safety as do I. You kept a good eye on her tonight. Must strictly control her, you know.  Can't have her wandering off unattended.  There is a young drudge she met. Heard good things about her, from madame Appleby. May hire her to companion my lonely little one." 
"Oh yes milady! Ellen Fairlead. She is a hard worker and a good kid."  Marie spoke hopefully.
Daphne blinked and started to talk but the stone glowed and she drifted off again. 
"So sleepy, so cute..." was the last thing she heard.
*******.
She roused in their room groggy.  Sonya was undressing her. "Ah awake good. You can help me with my hair. Up we go sleepyhead. Arms up!"  
Daphne was soon in her nightshirt again.  She rubbed her eyes. "Mistress, I sleep so much." She yawned then narrowed her eyes at Sonya's chest.  The stone was absent.
"Nope. Normal not magical. Well, perhaps this once in the garden. Mind, it WAS easy, do it again if you cause problems. Hm. Small children DO need plenty of sleep. Some more than others. We both slept in our carriage remember? You even more than me the second week. Your needs may change when I get you to exercise more. Ah, to be so very young."  Sonya laughed.
"Not my choice!"  Daphne spoke sullenly but as Sonya waved the flat of her hand she swiftly amended. "Not by choice, mistress."
"Better. MY choice is to treat you well.  Your upbringing will be similar to what you recall." Sonya smiled broadly. "You will never know distress or privation. Instead, you have clean finery to wear, tasty nutritious things to eat, and a bedroom fit for a royal. MINE."  Her arms swept the walls expansively. "Best yet, you don't have marry a man you have never met."  She grinned.
Daphne scowled at having her words thrown back at her. "I'm in a nice cage. Mistress."
"No more than I am little one. Unlike me, you will have free time, even playtime." 
"Playtime?"  
"Activities and outings for simple childish fun,"  Sonya's voice became mock serious. "So you won't have to strain to be sooo mature. I may even arrange for other kids to join you. Ah yes." She grinned cunningly as if considering new depths to this idea. “Kids YOUR age. Yes, ...other children WOULD be good.”  She muttered.
Daphne wondered if it was to keep her infantile or to disprove any claim she might make of being trapped in a child's body. Perhaps, the former, if attitude truly was everything in magic. If so, she didn't know how to stop being so childish. Something, in particular, amused Sonya about it though? Later.
"Ahem. I arranged for you to see what happens to most children who work here. The poor things, grubby, unattractive, underfed. Fearful of their next beating. All things you avoid by being here with me. Relieving their suffering may become part of my enlightened rule, starting with YOU."
"That's why you bribed matron Mistress. You wanted me to talk to Ellen." Daphne groused.
"Ellen? Yes. Remember, no matter how you feel about me. Think of her. You will never be treated as she is treated, I swear. However, even worse things can happen to children servants than drudgery. Far worse." Sonya continued. "Your father's writ was inspired. Saved us both much grief. Armed with that, I can prevent others from mistreating you.  It will continue, forever. I'll see to that." 
"Yes mistress."   Daphne sighed. Writ, inspired by your witchcraft to limit our guards, when YOU were afraid and little. Daphne spoke sourly. "Now, the writ gives you power, over me." 
"Yes.  Absolute and sole power. I am your guardian. You are mine! My property. You have no-one else..." Sonya became pensive. "Your new friend? Ellen? Rangy and tall?" She held a hand above her head, then looked at Daphne's height before lowering the hand to well below her bust line. "Tallish. You thought of her during our story time. She is Cinderella to you?  Amusing. Such an infant."
Daphne's jaw dropped. That description could only have come from her own shortened perspective. Story time must reveal all her thoughts. Had she no privacy?  “You can see from my viewpoint, mistress?”
“Can't be a complete surprise.  You must have noticed, we share things when we talk. If, we are both calm enough.  You, just pictures, likely.”
The henbane memory!  Wait. The other herbs little Sonya had used in their potion, she knew their names now. They didn't match the ones adult Sonya had later proposed looking for!  That was a lie too? Figures.
“May hire her, tomorrow afternoon, to keep you happy while I go sit for the painter. You like Ellen.” 
“Thought you wanted to hire Marie mistress.” She didn't like Sonya being interested in her new friend Ellen.
"So you heard. After the wedding, my plan is hire servants full time to have them train you.  Marie and Ellen may be perfect.  So young, so junior to all, except YOU. They will watch you.  You will have to call those two children Mam and do as they direct.  Hm, yesss. As a princess, I am entitled to two handmaidens after all." 
Daphne expressed shock.  She hadn't thought of being junior to anyone. "Wait two? But I..."
"My good lit-tle helper."  She spoke patiently as to one dim of thought. "You cannot be a handmaid for another four years or more. When you might, just might, become a lowly trainee." 
“Trainee? Wha...”
Sonya grinned clearly enjoying the moment. "They will call me Milady or Mum.  Only YOU alone will humbly call me mistress, now and forever. In honour of the day we met."
Daphne groaned. That first night, child witch had respectfully called her mum and she had screamed in reaction.  She looked up sadly.  "Mistress. Said I was sorry. Didn't mean to yell."
"But little Sonya had to call her princess Mistress all the same.  Just as you will, evermore."
"Didn't want to be a mom. Anyone's mom. Mistress."  She dug her toe into the floor.
"Ah. But I do. Very much so, this sudden womanhood makes me pine for my wedding night. You would not believe my longings, the dreams, involving the prince, I get most nights."  Sonya laughed. "Of course not. You can't understand. You're just a ba-by! Sigh. Five more weeks. Can't barely wait." 
"Not a ba-by."  Daphne muttered then remembered to add. "Mistress."
"You will start saying that quicker."  She spoke sharply.  "Or I will paddle you like a ba-by!" 
"Yes mistress."  Daphne chirped.  Suddenly she blurted. "This womanhood! It is why you want me, along with the youngest drudge, and the smallest maid. Mistress! You want a family."
Sonya sat heavily as if struck. "Oh my...  That's why I stopped the captain. I can't even bare the merest thought of you in distress or pain.  We both lost our mom and first family at a tender age."
"Uh-huh mistress."  Daphne wondered how this helped her.  Just then, outside their open window two guards on the nearby battlement exchanged loud ritual greetings with their night relief with much stomping of boots. Daphne was so lost in thought that the transaction startled her, made her fearfully huddle against Sonya, hugging her fiercely.
"Loud noises, interesting. You remind me of a puppy I had. She trembled in thunderstorms also." Sonya spoke quietly.  "Magic with you proves tricky and unreliable.  Um,0 maybe I can train you without magic.  Yes, you must learn what pleases me and what does not. I know MUCH about children, I remember being your age. He-he-he, like it was last week. Soon, like my puppy, you will be wary of my least displeasure. Grateful for my smallest smile. The perfect servile servant. My ‘pet' servant. VERY eager to please." Daphne's dismay must have shown, because Sonya nodded in satisfaction. “Yet, you will always know what you once were and can never be again. Unlike everyone else.”
Daphne looked up sharply at this but had only a moment to be upset.
"Now up on that chair to braid my hair for the night sock. Quickly!"  She clapped twice.
"Yes mistress!"  Daphne jumped at the loud sound and scrambled to unpin hair.
"Very good."  Sonya continued. "Your father tolerated tantrums. I will NOT! Try screaming in public and you WILL nap then and there. On the spot! Later, you will awaken suckling your thumb with a crowd of admirers watching, including Marie. She will bring you to me for further punishment, in private." She swung a spanking hand, her tone menacing. "Am, ...I, ...clear!"
"Yes mistress!" Daphne chirped fearfully. She hung her head. Humiliated then punished.
"After.  When you apologize to all present, I will simply say you were tired.  From devotion to me, of course. Hm. You WERE a petite girl, rather tiny now. Always small?  Hm. In the servant class, size is a form of rank. Small weaklings are at the bottom. You must build a reputation of servile meekness and politeness to all. Yes, that will help low rank you avoid fights and trouble with the other servants.  Can't protect you from every insult but... Stay close to me child and none will mistreat you, not twice!" Sonya touched where the stone would hang.
"Yes mistress." Daphne sighed. She recalled her father's chamberlain punishing servants who were bruised from brawling amongst themselves. To be on the receiving end...  
"Not to worry. I AM your guardian."  She smiling at herself in the mirror. "Ahem! The hair? Did I say stop?  ET. Bush it out first. Better."  Sonya studied the mirror, giving the occasional command. 
Daphne normally found braiding hair soothing, but Sonya's constant demands made it stressful. She finally packed it into the sock. "That's done mistress."  She yawned. "It may be nice with others to help out mistress." she jumped down, glad for the escape of bedtime.
"You suppose the three of you will take turns? No. You will do their bidding in addition to mine. And ...take any punishment they see fit to deal out. Not to worry, as I said, none but me, will ever hit you. They can only humble you a little bit at a time. Not to worry. You shall ever have light, easy, unimportant tasks. Um, fetching what odds and sods I might find pleasurable and of course pampering me.  They will do all the hard work and can look forward to promotion to better positions and other masters. You are, you will remain, a humble handmaiden, ever serving ME." 
"That's not fair!" 
Sonya loomed over her. "That's not fair...mistress! Learn to call me mistress! Listen, you are my dependant, and dependant is what you are! Even in this room you, need, ME! Think on that as you try to sleep tonight. Come."  She turned away but as Daphne climbed into bed Sonya stopped her. The child was dragged to the flat topped linen chest. Sonya pulled out blankets and put them atop. "Tonight's lesson. Dependance. No shared blankets. You sleep alone tonight child."  
Little Daphne stiffened in her grip, Sonya chuckled and added.  "Don't worry, tomorrow we may, IF you are VERY good.  We arise at dawn to be fitted for our wedding clothes.  Do TRY to get a restful night's sleep.  Big day tomorrow."
All that night, little Daphne cried and clutched her blanket tightly. It smelled of lavender, but lacked any of HER scent. She felt cold, lonely and scared. There were castle sounds she could not quite hear and shadowy shapes she could not quite see. The chest was hard and afforded little comfort. She found she missed the comforting ‘feel' of an adult nearby.  She remembered telling herself "my fault, so alone, all my fault" over and over. 

Chapter 12: If it please you my Mistress.

She must have drifted off, eventually, because Sonya was gently patting her awake. 
"Arise little one. You must groom your mistress before we break fast." She sang gently. 
"Yes mum."  Daphne replied groggily. 
"What!"  A hand raised. 
"Yes mistress!"  Daphne felt a tear escape her eye.
Sonya hugged and rocked her. "There, there, just a slip-up, you are tired, you are forgiven. All better. ...This time." 
"Yes mistress."  Daphne sighed then yawned hugely as she was helped onto the chamber pot to began the day. She kept yawning, blinking her eyes and nodding as she washed her hands.  
Her way was blocked by Sonya. "Today's lesson is ‘does it please you mistress?'  Learn to say that often. When you do things, for me, like wash up, you will show me and ask..."  She held out hands to accept Daphne's.
Daphne puzzled then tentatively put hands in larger ones. "Does it please you mistress?"
Sonya smiled hugely, grabbed hold and lifted Daphne off the ground.  Sonya began whirling around and around raising and lowering the child in a series of swoops, raises and dives.  
Daphne's eyes snapped open.  At first, she was alarmed, then thrilled.  Her face smiled and she crooned. ‘Whee!"  She couldn't help it. ‘Whee!" 
Sonya slowed then righted Daphne and hugged her,  gently wiping errant hairs off the child's face.  "It pleases me!  Indeed!  How it pleases me!  Feeling awake little one? Good. Missed you last night.  Think I want you REAL close to me today.  All day, and ...all night?"  
Daphne's smile widened.  "Thank-you mistress!"  And hated herself for how happy that made her.  She had hugged Sonya's neck in an expression of joy. 
"You'll be good?"  
"Yes mistress." Daphne stepped back and nearly stumbled dizzy, to be caught and cuddled. 
Sonya traced the pixie face in a gentle caress . "Very good?"   She crooned. 
"Yes mistress. Love you." It was the complete truth. She had hugged back. 
"And who is in charge of today?"  Sonya asked quietly. 
There was a pause as Daphne tried and failed to parse the meaning to this question. 
"Hm.  Here we go." With a grunt, a frowning Sonya swung Daphne onto the vanity beside the tools for hair. "Arms up!" She ripped off the nightshirt, pulled a sack dress over Daphne, then said appraisingly. "What will I do TO you today? Ah ribbons, yes." 
Normally, Sonya would gently brush Daphne's hair talking amiably about how pretty she would look. Then a single bow would accent one side or other. After, the pair would admire the result in the mirror before Daphne started on Sonya's longer hair. This time, the comb teased Daphne's hair into spikes, each spike was tied tight with a thin ribbon.  Her blonde head looked like a sparsely bristled sphere with ears.
Unlike other times, Sonya did not ask Daphne's opinion of the hairdo and Daphne realized she no longer would. Daphne winced, her head in the vanity mirror looked so ...awful.
Sonya admired the reflection and gently traced the curve of one prominent ear with an index finger .  “Yes, shows these off quite well.  Like handles on a bowl.”  She chuckled as Daphne frowned. 
Daphne reached up... only to have her wrist tapped lightly.
"ET.  Mustn't touch." Sonya buttoned Daphne's vest then asked. "Did you ever have a dolly?" 
"Yes mistress.  Used to dress and comb it upon my ...vanity, mistress."  Daphne, sitting on the vanity, realized this was a fresh humiliation. Even so, the grooming and handling still soothed after a difficult night. 
Sonya continued.  "We'll just HAVE to get you a dolly.  Royal seamstress may have something in a warm and cuddly." She leaned in close. "And who is in charge of today?" 
This time Daphne stated firmly and swiftly.  "You are. If it pleases you, my mistress?"
"It pleases me! Indeed! You shall have sweet strawberries with your oatmeal gruel."  
"Oatmeal!" Daphne hated oatmeal gruel. "No breakfast pastries today? Mistress?"
"Nope. Too fatty. Want you lean not chubby. Athletic not soft. Spicy food at the inns upset your tiny tummy, so that is gone too. Had a word with Mrs. Appleby about your meals. Say thank-you." 
"Thank-you, mistress..."  Daphne felt her heart sink. "All my meals mistress?" 
"Uh-huh." Sonya nodded smiling.
Bland diet? No sweets? Daphne quailed. "Mistress? Berries, are for bring good? No pastries ever?" 
"Uh-huh. For pleasing me." Sonya then confided. "Don't frown so. Pastries are only for special now, so you grow up lean and firm not chubby and soft. To please me." 
"Yes mistress." Daphne hadn't been chubby. A nice petite figure. She was sure of that.
Sweets had been the nicest thing about being little. She had discovered berries on the way to the river. Pastries later at an Inn. Spicy foods were so icky now she wouldn't miss them. But sweets were the only thing that tasted better now than before the dance. Sooo good and Sonya knew it.
Sonya hugged Daphne, gave a final adjustment to the ribbons, then set her down. "There, so cute. Later, we'll try a different hair style.  After the seamstress.  IF you are good.  Now, you do mine, chignon knot for me."
Daphne sighed, climbed onto her chair for Sonya's combing. "Yes mistress. Thank-you mistress.  Oh. You want to look like the portrait mistress."  Daphne removed the hair's night sock to begin. 
"Even so little one, such a smart lit-tle girl. First comb it all straight, that's good. Then..." 

Chapter 13: Wedding Preparations.

Some things became part of their routine.  Little ritual servile sayings defined her new life, all which soon became automatic. ‘If it please you' was said pleadingly enough, it often bought her a smile and a small treat, or other favour. However, for the tiniest slip-up, or sign of resistance, Daphne's hair and / or clothes would become the laughing stock of the royal court for a half day or more. Daphne soon feverishly sought to avoid displeasing Sonya.  She had found ways to resist Sonya's magic. It was usually a bad idea to try, but at least she had a choice, when she wanted one badly enough.
Once each week she got a prolonged bath with shampoo and hair dye.  The third time, Daphne noticed Sonya murmuring as her scalp seemed to tingle and the blonde hair she could see glowed.  
See! Huh? It was less than her finger length after the dance. She reached to pull wet strands off of her neck and could view them now. Inches longer. Sonya smiled evilly as she answered the unspoken question. "Yes. Little one, your hair grows fast and will soon be enough to braid. I do so prefer long hair for children. It's so cute."  
"Yes mistress. Magic?"  
"Uh-huh. Just a little bit each week, so no one will notice. You so enjoy combing long hair." 
Daphne gulped. "How, long mistress?"  Sonya just smiled, but Daphne caught an image of her small feet in a puddle of blonde hair. Cinderella might soon be replaced by Rapunzel.
*******.
It seemed Daphne was always sprinting to fetch a kerchief or small drink, or other comfort, for her mistress, to receive public hugs and kisses. Onlookers marvelled at how they loved each other. Verbal orders were rarely heard.  The castle buzzed with how the clever child eagerly anticipated her mistress's every need.  She was often left panting and sweaty which also pleasured Sonya.
Prince Adam himself took notice of this. On three separate occasions, personally gave Daphne fruit cordial when she was sweaty from her exertions. He called her sweet thing, briefly stopped her from her errand and quietly asked her to slow down on hot days. Daphne was grateful, but, could not afford to disobey Sonya's magic. Daphne liked that the prince tried.  She thanked him and once even kissed him provoking laughter from onlookers. The prince silenced them all, with his glare, and thanked her gallantly making Daphne smile.  Even so, it was received merely as a little child's kiss, not a lover's. How she wished to be more for him! 
The kind prince was blonde, young, muscular, handsome and quite tall.  To Daphne, his head seemed lost near the ceiling.  Court protocol and tradition kept him from actually meeting his bride prior to the wedding. 
Sonya groused jokingly that Daphne romanced him more than she was allowed.  She then employed Daphne to pass love letters to Prince Adam. He gave Daphne replies to some of the less erotic ones. Daphne grew impressed with his gentlemanly character.

Chapter 14: The birthday.

Ten days before the wedding, was her new ‘birthday'. Sonya provided a picnic. She escorted little Daphne to join more than a dozen toddlers from the town. They all seemed big for their age and were seriously lacking in various social skills, like talking, or, by the smell, potty training. 
Sonya laughed at the sight of Daphne looking lost in the midst of her bigger, blank eyed, more innocent peers.  "Get to know them.  These wee ones are your peers now and will be your companions at every national holiday and feast as you mature. Enjoy." Sonya left to socialize with the parents while Marie and Ellen organized games and other fun for the toddlers.  
When Daphne tried to greet her ‘guests'. The first burbling tot sprayed Daphne's face with spit. Then, the much larger three year old, pushed her down before wandering off.  
Daphne just couldn't fit in with the barely verbal peasants, try as she might.  She became markedly unhappy as the party wore on. Daphne understood this was Sonya's twisted sense of humour. After all, Sonya had carefully handpicked all the toddlers for this party. Less clear was the references to the wedding procession she kept overhearing from Sonya's conversations.
Eventually, Ellen whispered to Marie who nodded after glancing at the adults.  
"Com'n Sanya? We kin git som fun. SHE ain't look'n." Ellen took Daphne's arm and they headed off.
“You called me by name?"  All others in the castle had obeyed Sonya's 'nudge' and forgotten it.
"Keep wan'n ta call ya daffy, guess cause ya act so daft sometimes Sanya."  Daphne mouth gaped, she hadn't had any name sent in her direction in a month. Now the right one, almost? 
“Daffy?  Don't use Sanya, OK? Mistress doesn't like it.”  Ellen shrugged in reply.
Ellen stopped in the shade of the royal stable. "Here we be. Jes borned yestaday.  Like ya seem ta be sometimes."  She chuckled. 
A warm nose nuzzled at her chest. Daphne blinked as her eyes slowly adjusted to the gloom and beheld a newborn colt straining through the wood slats of its stall. The colt snuffled at the sweet-cake crumbs spilled on her party dress.  It was the most beautiful thing she had ever seen. She stroked its velvet soft neck, lost in a moment of childish rapture.
Ellen pulled a fold of Daphne's dress out of its mouth. "No silly. Eat this."  She shoved hay at it.
The colt snorted then pranced back to its mother. "Wee bit young fer tat Elly. Ye kin stay but na in da stall, hear. N' de gate stay shut! Or de dam take it poorly. Dey lok out n ya look in, nay more. Got me eye on ya, hear me." A gravelly voice admonished.
Daphne looked at the grizzled old timer who shuffled back to a bench to mend tackle. Daphne curtsied. "We will obey sir. Thank-you sir."  He barely nodded in reply.
Ellen whispered. "Mr. Green. Stable hand lik'd ma da. Invit me las night. We won't git no trouble daffy." 
"Oh."  Daphne asked the big question. "My mistress, her neck, there's a stone. You see..."
"See ye r daffy. Ya ner look up at de royals n see dey jewles. Git a whooping fer dat. Hey lo-kit he cum back." Ellen made cooing noises as both colt and its mother ambled over. Daphne wasn't sure but maybe Ellen also had the sight. It made her feel less alone but talking about it might get her new friend killed. She sighed and petted the little colt. They stayed until Marie whistled for them.
This delight was the high point of her ‘birthday'.  From that moment on Ellen became her fast friend and Ellen alone called Daphne by her true name (daffy).  Although, Marie once called her Sonya while comforting her, then quickly looked to see if any had overheard. It only happened the once and Daphne was never sure it happened at all.  When asked about her name, Marie ignored her question but then, so did all the en-spelled. Only, Marie alone seemed to be saddened when asked.
Daphne never determined if Ellen was immune from Sonya's magic, or just so far beneath Sonya's notice as to be free of it. She once asked about sparkles, but got a blank look. Likely, Sonya had never gone near the scullery to compel anyone there. Daphne tried to share what few treats she was allowed with her friend.  She dearly wished she could get Ellen shoes for her filthy feet.
A few times a week, Sonya 'borrowed' Ellen from the scullery for playtime with Daphne. Ellen could entice Daphne to run, giggle and scream in delight.  These childish outbursts entertained Sonya.  First days, they played while the 'princess' was sitting for the painter. In later weeks, for social tea while Sonya entertained people of rank. The gossip of the court was that it gave Sonya an excuse to watch Prince Adam exercise his horse in the field visible from the outer garden.  

Chapter 15: Power of political magic.

Daphne was often left alone in Sonya's room with Marie while Sonya did her dealings with other people-of-rank. Each time this happened an army of servants would troop in the bedroom unbidden. They tidied, dusted, made the bed, refilled the water jug and fruit bowl. All done swiftly and silently so they could vanish leaving a pristine room for the nobility to return to. It was like the rules in some strange game where the high rank must never see the help nor know of the mess nobles constantly make. Daphne realized that this happened back home too. Marie told her that slow servants who were seen tidying were fired.  After that, Daphne tried to help out but was rarely allowed to.  Daphne was being forced to learn unpleasant things about nobles and servants more and more.  
She learned things about Sonya too. Once Daphne stumbled and skinned a knee. Before she cried, Sonya was helping her up and being comforting. Sonya's magic had informed her. All real needs were met promptly. Daphne's life only lacked any choices or moments of real dignity. It was a soft prison, but it was a prison. 
Controlling others by magic cost Sonya. She avoided using the stone on others when she could. As weeks went by, Daphne noted with growing dismay the growing influence Sonya had over the royal court. Gone were the glowing coloured bands and great effort of the first day. 
Sonya claimed that, favour trading and gentle persuasion worked better. Some ministers had pet projects, others vied for promotion, a few harboured grudges. One or two accepted crash bribes. Sonya often just knew things they supposed secret, “saying how sad it all would be if Scurryfunge found out.”  More magic. By making deals between various officials, Sonya gained favour for her own plans. As the wedding day drew nigh, Sonya rarely made the stone do more than faintly glow to have her way. 
Sonya often asked Daphne for her observations on her political favour trading, so she could proclaim to Daphne how clever she had been. Woe betide Daphne if her attention had wandered. Soon Daphne was familiar with every bit of castle business and the sometimes underhanded deals ministers and officials made. 
Daphne had heard that this was how the Tobermoor court was supposed to work, but she had never had to pay attention to matters of state before.  Now, she was being forced to learn politics and statecraft. 
In addition, Ellen told her the palace gossip. Apparently, there had recently been ...changes, to the royal court. Including the replacing the palace Physician. Rumour was, that to offend the Tobermoor Royal, even mildly, was a very bad idea.  
Daphne gleaned that even child servants often had a greater grasp of palace plots and intrigue than the high royals did. Nobles would watch their words around other nobles but rarely noticed any servants within earshot. No one ever took note of a child. Palace servants often witnessed what most nobles barely suspected. Sonya was shaping and pruning the ruling elite of Galt to suit her needs.
The very last time the stone glowed brightly was when King Tobias arrived to greet his daughter. That last hope ended, mere moments after it began. It did make Sonya lie down with a sick headache for hours after ward. 
The new court physician gave a distraught, screaming Daphne a sleeping draft.  As she fought the drugged sleep, Daphne heard Captain Blake recount how upset the princess's earlier headache had made her devoted little one. 
That night, Daphne tried to run away.  She didn't get far, Sonya could have called guards, or, just magically stopped her at any time.  Instead, Sonya made fun of Daphne's frantic escape efforts by proclaiming Daphne's every hiding place as Sonya strolled to slowly catch her. It was by magic Daphne knew. After punishment, her sandals were locked away leaving Daphne barefoot for the day of the wedding.  She knew she would not runaway again. 

Chapter 16: The wedding. 

Today, Sonya had used a hot curling iron to tease Daphne's shoulder length hair into tight corkscrew curls dangling down on all sides from the flat of her skull. The top was decorated with a floral daisy chain. The back of her hair sported a huge pink bow. Today, the dyed hair famed her face in molten gold. It made Daphne's face seem even smaller and more childish that usual. 
When finished, Sonya gushed. "The picture of innocence. It makes you look so CUTE!"  
Daphne frowned before the mirror, behind her, Sonya waved a spanking hand. "SMILE, and often, today little one.  That, is important to me."
Daphne quickly forced a smile, picking up kitty. Kitty was a soft, brown floppy shape with a vaguely feline face.  Daphne held kitty for the scant comfort it afforded as she saw her destiny usurped by Sonya.  Sonya had given kitty for Daphne's ‘birthday'  the same evening their room had acquired a small cot. "Three year olds sleep alone. Anyway, no shared blankets after the wedding. Better get used to this now."  Sonya explained. 
Daphne was sure that the cot was introduced to force her to love the infantile toy. She had cried into kitty that first night, but not since. Despite herself, she talked to it, which made Sonya smile. It had become her best friend. She hugged kitty tight, she would need it this day.   
"Leave that toy little one, both your hands will be busy today." Daphne sighed as she put aside her sole possession. 
After breakfast, Daphne dressed for her place in the wedding procession.  Just another flower girl, one of a nameless many, serving the princess. She felt the ‘pull', so hurried to her mistress.
Sonya had waved off the royal barber. Daphne tidied errant hairs disturbed by the veil and wedding gown under Sonya's fussy supervision. It was an unimportant task, a whim used solely to waste time and humble little Daphne for the amusement of her mistress. It was all so pointless for Daphne knew the barber would soon be recalled to finish the job properly. 
As she fussed, Sonya's exposed neck showed the thong.  Moving swiftly, Daphne snatched up clippers and snipped the thong, only to see the ends disappear into the gown.  Daphne sighed, there would be punishment later when Sonya found out. How she hated that stone!
"Little one? Is something amiss?"  Sonya enquired idly. 
"Nothing mistress. Almost dropped a pin. Fine now."  Daphne returned to combing, it was soothing, absorbing, one of the few true pleasures of her current servitude and diminishment.  
*******.
Soon, enough the procession lined up outside the palace chapel. Other toddler flower girls marched in front scattering their rose petals.  Daphne was alone at the rear, holding the train ‘in the tall shadow of her great lady' as Sonya liked to say. When the other flower girls reached the altar they would file off left and right to receive a sweet and sit on the floor. Daphne alone would continue to stand, ten feet back and follow as the royal couple exited.
The music started and everyone stepped in sync then paused, and stepped again.  
They turned into the chapel and moved out of sight with agonizing slowness.  Then as Daphne prepared to turn in also, her bare foot found a lump. It was the stone! It had slipped down Sonya's dress and silently fell to the carpet. She snatched it up and held it tightly. 
Sonya had walked forward unaware that it was gone. Daphne smoothly stepped without losing her place.  She wondered what should she do? Dance? No, she didn't know how.  No, far more important that Sonya never use this again.  Gown was so white and flimsy, she didn't dare hang onto a black stone, it would show.  Hide it?  Sonya would force her to tell any hiding place.  
Daphne abruptly filled with rage.  She wanted the stone to smash itself into uselessness! 
Suddenly, the stone blazed, glowing hot in her hand! She convulsively threw it away. The stone flew through the Chapel door jam but it's thong fouled on the hinge. The thong pulled taunt, then stone and thong wrapped around the hinge, swinging and stopping with a soft clank. It hung inside the hinge pin at eye height. Eye height for an adult, beyond the reach of a child. Daphne had lost. 
"Little one! Come a-long! You hold everything up. And smile."  Sonya sotto voiced without turning around.
Many in the pews noted the bride's little one weeping as a forced smile came and went upon her face.  Several nodded knowingly and whispered.  "Such great love and devotion from a mere serving girl."  Or. "A treasure.  The prince simply MUST keep them together."  Even. "Little one is so cute, pity she is sad."  What Daphne overheard only made her weeping worse. 
As the bride neared the altar, the great doors of the chapel were ceremonially closed.  The massive wooden doors brought the metal jam leaves of its hinge together on the magic stone like a nutcracker on a walnut. There was a sudden booming discharge as if lightning struck the left door. It left a large smoking hole where hinge and magic stone once were.  
Only the bishop was facing the right way to clearly see what happened next.  The bride suddenly crumpled, disappearing into her wedding gown.  At the end of the train, the little girl suddenly erupted upwards, her gown falling in wisps and tatters leaving a starkly naked woman! He gasped as the colours exploded towards him.
Daphne glanced over to the door and her helpless weeping ended. Her rank did not matter. Her identity did NOT matter. Only ONE thing mattered. Daphne would put that child witch over her knee and give her the spanking of her life!  
Daphne's singular intent bored though the kaleidoscope of coloured sparkles pouring from the ruined door that distracted her sanity with visions of other times and places. In this blizzard of sparkles she could only see the outlines of the people in the chapel. There! There was the wedding party, the royals and ...Sonya. All she wanted was that witch! She strode forward giving the surprised onlookers not a glance.
She pulled at the wedding gown. It came off easily, revealing a skinny wasted crumpled form but it was not the child Sonya. Instead a shrunken, wizened ancient looked up at her, wheezing and helpless.  Dying. Daphne couldn't hit her. She spoke loud for all to hear. "It is over WITCH. You lost!"  With great satisfaction, Daphne took back her tiara and put it on. 
Her Father, King Tobias, stood transfixed, staring at the crone he had been arm in arm with, marching down the isle. He whispered.  "This, this... Last month... this sorceress... I, I ...executed her. ...For plotting insurrection." 
Daphne shook her head sadly, still looking at the feeble old one. "No father, you killed a three year old innocent who looked like her." The oldster seemed to waste away as Daphne watched in horrified fascination. So old... she had switched ages before? ...how often?
King Tobias looked up in shock at the voice.  "Daphne?  Daughter! But... she... no... did... no ...did NOT look like you? ..At all? ...Daughter, ...I'm so sorry.  Uh."   His face went though contortions as he tried and failed to deal with all that had happened.  "You're naked?"  He finally whispered, averting his eyes.
The old crone wheezed a long shuddering breath, then, breathed no more. She lay eyes open.
At the altar, the king of Galt looked shocked.  "The door? What just happened? The bride... huh? Wait.  You are also his daughter Daphne?"  He was about to say more but he looked directly at Daphne and froze shocked.  “uh...” His eyes widened as the moment stretched.
The storm of sparkles had greatly lessened, Daphne began to see more and more clearly. The normally stiff and formal Lord Chancellor Scurryfunge was pointing and looked ready to faint? Everyone was gawking at her! Glancing down she blushed. Of course, none in the pews had been blinded by any lights! She curled up around her knees. She held her bare breasts modestly, staying crouched. Her newly long hair cooperated by cascading forward over her frontage. "Your majesties must forgive my appearance. That is, a ...very long story. For after I get some clothes." 
"The true princess Daphne used the power of the holy church to end an evil threat to both your kingdoms by the forces of darkness."  The bishop spoke hysterically staring at the damage to the door. "Yon holy chapel door broke the great power of your witch dissolving all her dark spells." His eyes were wild as his head bobbed between the girl and the door.
"Or not so long a story."  Daphne allowed.
The Bishop had seen the child throw something at his left door, now a smoking ruin.  Something that seemed to sparkle and leave a coloured trail.  He had thought little of it, until now. Now, sparkles were everywhere. He'd been seeing the sparkles off and on, all month but had largely ignored them. The rest, he, ...just knew. What and how he knew, frightened him. Visions of dark magic at work flooded his mind. He blinked as normal vision returned.
An open-mouthed castle guard peered into the chapel through the ruined door's new opening. He added to the reality of all the strangeness by coughing as he waved away the smoke.  In response, the Bishop's face began twitching as he muttered insanely. "It's real. All real.  Magic. Miracles.  Oh God!" 
Bishop John Kern had been the third son of a baron.  As such, he would neither inherit rank nor wealth.  His father had enough political power to arrange for a good career for his sons in either the army or the church.  John had chosen to clerk for the previous Bishop, not out of any love for God or beliefs, but because the work was indoors and quiet.  Now, as Bishop, his mind struggled to make sense of all this...  this...  this...    
"Sorcery."  King Tobias sighed. "Tis our lot in this life. My family has been plagued by sorcerers for over a century since my grandfather Tombore the Pious smashed the pendant of that first accursed one. Over a hundred years forgone. Freed our valley from the rule of an evil tyrant. Haven't had a witch for a generation. Supposed it was over." King Tobias shuddered at the corpse. "Alas not."
Daphne looked up startled. Pendant? Sorcerers? Or, ...just one long lived witch. That's how a former three year old knew so much! How many children had Sonya condemned to old age? How many has she killed? Where did the...  A vision came to her of pieces of a large but empty ornate circular pendant setting with shards of a black stone amongst the wreckage near it. Small hands picked up the largest shard. She recognized it. The magic stone! Sonya was just a child then?
While she was lost in thought the two kings had been talking. "... such tall mountain legends. Shaping things like clay, transforming even people with but a gesture. How did a mere mortal, even of noble blood, win against such sorcery?" He spit at the corpse for making such tales real.
King Tobias shrugged. "He claimed to ‘see' magic at work, when no one else did. No one knows how this was, nor why the evil witch failed to en-spell him. A mystery."  He spent a goodly potion of his reign tracking down witches for the stake."
"He WAS Tombore the pious ...his faith..."  They turned away becoming inaudible.
Daphne hearing this exchange, was speechless. Then, she heard the crowd muttering, of purging Galt of witches by fire and decided to keep the correct answers to herself, for now.
Prince Adam gallantly ripped the long bridal train from the discarded bridal gown and used it to cover Daphne.  She looked up from knee height.  "Wow. You're beautiful." He was jolted as he noticed the golden blonde curls and pink ribbon bow at the ends of her hip length brown hair. "...Sweet thing? You?" He asked incredulously.  
"Afraid so. Last few weeks anyway. That old one was going to usurp both our kingdoms and enslave us all, she just started with me. My prince, I have loved you since I was little." Princess Daphne smiled at her humour. "For weeks now."  
Prince Adam went down on his hands and knees equalizing their heights.  "Brave princess, slayer of monsters, saviour of two crowns. Do we start over?  Wait. You should have a choice. Never liked being ‘arranged.' First, will you be my wife?" They were face to face kissing close.
"Yes." She gripped the train tightly, then pulled herself alongside him and hugged him. He hugged back. His arms felt very comforting. Then, their mouths found each other and it became more than comforting. 
As she lost herself to pleasure, Daphne realized she saw colours swirling in both their bodies. The sight! Something must have passed from the stone to her, she could strongly sense magic all around. 
King Tobias noticed the couple. "Daughter, this is your wedding, you can't kiss him like... um ... uh"
The bishop was oblivious to the entwined bodies, his eyes mesmerized by the smoking door. "Hole in door... It's real. Magic, dark forces, stopped ...door holed... no holy door.... witches... all real, good evil...all real, ...in my church... no, not in the church ...stopped at my church door...by god ...by THE god...smoking hole... holy smoke...made by god himself ...all real...oh GOD ...my door no ...his door ...his church ...real" he chuckled insanely, as he stood rigidly holding his rostrum in a death grip. The sparkles had all but faded, but now strange colours abounded in all present.
The king of Galt waved a hand in front of the bishop's face, the bishop's only reaction was to mutter anew. "All real, ...why am I here, ...what am I doing... real." 
The king of Galt firmly believed in folk performing their duty no matter what.  Blacksmiths worked metal, farmers worked land. In war, famine, fire, or flood. He felt the bishop surely could grant guidance in this bizarre mess, that is a job for a holy father after all.  Guidance. The king of Galt slapped the distraught man's face in a final attempt to make sanity appear. "Pull it together man! You're here, doing YOUR service in the castle chapel, YOU are marrying MY son!" 
The bishop's face acquired a strange mad smile. "DEARLY BELOVED WE ARE GATHERED HERE..." He started his ceremony at the top of his lungs to no one in particular.  
Nearby, King Tobias was scratching his head and nudging the wedding couple with his boot. "Um. Daughter, ...you can't ...do that ...this is church... you need... a wedding ...uh clothes for... uh... bloody hell..."  
Both kings threw up their hands, then ordered the church cleared. Soon only the bishop and the royal lovers were left. The Kings went off to get very drunk. The royal couple eventually slowed their ardent kissing.  "Milady...  We should ...retire... to ...your room."  Adam breathed.
"Soon. ...Milord prince, I ...undress you ...there, but...  I want.... mm."  Daphne was lost to kissing again. She knew, somehow, she causing their ardour, but didn't much care. For weeks she had only wanted three things. Sonya stopped, marry Adam and do right by Ellen.
"Anything, ...command me ...my lady. ...Mmmm..."  Adam's mouth became busy again. 
Daphne gasped for air.  "Later, I want you to ...put slippers on Cinderella. ...the drudge girl..." 
Part of Adam puzzled at the strange request. Cinderella?  His ageing arms master told of such pretend games, between man and wife ...needing costumes ...later for such.  He murmured,  “Perhaps some night I could be the big baaad wolf.” He continued smooching.
“What?  Oh!  Oooh.  I meant, uh later.  Oh that's good. Talk later.   Kiss me now.”
The bishop's smile had never wavered as he performed his standard wedding service. As he finished he intoned. "you may kiss, uh continue ...uh ...that. ...Its OK. You are married, carry on." He had decided to give his confession to the local Monseigneur next, resign and then join a monk's cloister that grew cabbages.  Nice, quiet, safe, and above all non-sparkly cabbages. His face twitched as he left.  

Chapter 17: Aftermath.  Or they lived happily ever after?

Daphne allowed herself to lead away from the formal presentation of the Burgundians by the royal court of Galt. Top of the stairs, her two handmaids slowly towed her greatly gravid form to a bench. Marie put shoulder to armpit to lower her mistress gently down the final bit. Ellen tried to shoulder her half, but was too short.
"Squirt! I lower!" Marie growled straightening up. "You guide me so Milady lands square on the bench, not bounces her head off the wall behind."
"Sorry. Forgot."
"No harm done this time. That time earlier was my fault."  Daphne spoke mildly. 
"Ya is most largely kind to y’all servants great lady."  Ellen ducked as Daphne swung at her.
"Another crack about me being bigger than you. Huh? Children honestly."  Daphne chuckled. "And its YOU ARE most kind..."  then she shuddered. "Ooh, she's kicking.  Feel her! Quickly! Feel her!"  Her face near bursting with joy. 
Both children eagerly placed palms on the half moon belly. "Wow." Both chorused.
"Milady. If you won't consider more able servants, at least ask my men to steward you up the stairs." Corporal Justin, her head bodyguard pleaded.  "Milord, your husband, worries."
"Corporal.  These two have ears close to the object of your concern. Unlike the rest of the folk in this castle."  Daphne sighed, tilting her head to look at the tall Royal guardsman. Corporal Justin was much younger than others who had earned the honour of watching over her. Like the others, the assignment brought his personality to the fore. So earnest!  
At least he listened to reasonable requests. Others had acted like she should be tied down and packed in straw like fine porcelain. "Adam discussed this with me, this day, in your presence. As he does most days." 
"My liege lord worries for you too Milady. Your time grows near. Please Milady."  
"Which is why I desire no better help than these two. They noted that I got tired, just now. Guided me here with out a word said. Just as Ellen alone noticed my feet swelling back at court." 
Daphne chucked as the corporal broke his rigid attention stance to stare at her slippers and wince at the fleshy ankles. "Pays to be closer to the ground. So long as they feel up to it, they will do. Sigh. Corporal as long as you feel the need, help a fat lady to her fat feet." Daphne held out her hands.
As expected, the corporal sputtered. "M-mil-lady is ...is n-not..."  At her chuckle, he composed himself and grasped Daphne's wrists. "On three my lady?  One, two, three ...ugh." She was heaved upright.
She waddled to the royal bedchamber just ahead of their trio of guards, who took station outside. Inside, Daphne sighed happily at her bed, but was guided to a nearby chair instead. 
"Milady needs her feet bathed and rubbed first."  Marie stated firmly.
Daphne was petulant as they raised legs onto an ottoman. "Oh poo. It's not like I can see them." She sighed blissfully as Ellen removed slippers and began kneading the sole of a foot.
Marie soon had feet soaking in a warm basin.  "I think we should keep the corporal milady he's nice. And that trooper Burke. He's clumsy but fast. Never seen anybody run like him." 
"Yeah. When ya, uh you, stubbed y’all foot. He slammed inta the hall end on the way ta the midwife. Nobody run like that. Splat." Ellen resumed kneading Daphne's right calf, giggling. 
"YOUR FOOT not y’all foot, we will work some more on your grammar ...later. He thought I went into labour.  What with me doubling up and crying out. You are not to make fun of him for it. He's such a dear."
"Sure run lik one. Don think the prince's horse kin match his time downtown." All three laughed at Ellen's joke.
"Still no jokes, about that, outside of here. OK? Now what did you two think of the Burgundy delegation?" Daphne's tone had become serious.
"They up to sumptin."  Ellen nodded solemnly. "Sumptin sneaky."  Ellen had become adept at reading the moods of people. She often spotted deception in others. Her problem, she tended to blurt it out when she spotted it. It had taken great effort on Daphne's part to teach her WHEN she should talk about her insights. 
"Wine ...im-port vi-sas are just talk."  Marie pronounced carefully. "What they want worse is a mil-it-ary cop-per-a-tion pack."  She nodded to herself at this feat of elocution.
"Cooperation pact hon. Good work."  That bought Daphne a smile. Marie was developing quite a knack for extracting precise quotes from people.  Daphne wasn't sure yet, but she suspected, many of the hearsay quotes were not spoken aloud by the ones she questioned.  Useful knack.
"They don lik they Goth princes much."  Ellen added eager not to be left out.
"Very good.  We don't want to go to war with Gotham any time soon now do we?" The children were wide eyed at this. Daphne made a calming motion. "OK. Pact good. They protect us, and we protect them. But, if they already plot war... Bad. Very bad. Check it out with Lady Bertha before dinner. Talk to Adam later."  She held a finger to her lips, signalling to both children that what had been talked of should not be repeated. Daphne pointedly held Ellen's eye until the precocious child sighed and nodded. “Good.”
After a moment .  "Bertha?"  Ellen puzzled.
"Wife of the foreign minister squirt. Esmas's boss." Marie often gossiped with the servants of the powerful and influential at court. Daphne’s briefings were often more complete than Prince Adam's. Marie sneered at Ellen. "Forgive her ignorance milady. Kids."
Ellen playfully back-handed her cousin at this before reaching for a dry towel.
“Hm. While I nap, Ellen take my card to Esmas and ask if her mistress would please join me for tea. Now, what will you do?'
Ellen mimed holding up a silver platter. “I curtsy and ask.  Will your mis-tress honour my mis-tress at tea?”
“Good. Remember to smile while you wait for a reply. The Pettifogger family have been serving Bertha's family for generations. Esmas is VERY formal, so best behaviour. Right?”
“Right!. Make you swell with pride mam.” Ellen chuckled.
“Swell.”  Daphne sighed rolling her eyes.  “Marie, you shall invite Maybell, Lord Pit's lovely young bride. This is the perfect opportunity for me to encourage her to take interest in her husband's military affairs.”  Young Lord Pit was not the commander of Galt's armies, merely that worthy's new aide-DE-camp or secretary.  As such,  he prepared the briefings his commander gave the king and would have a better grasp of the kingdom's military activities than either of his bosses would.  Daphne preferred her information fresh and close to the source.
“Yes milady. I shall bring her your usual welcome-to-the-castle floral bouquet.” that won Marie a smile.
Both would come to her tea, Daphne had no doubt.  She had developed a reputation amongst the nobles as a person to meet to get things done.  Her favour trading kept her well informed of the business of the kingdom.  In addition, the castle staff loved her for her efforts to make their efforts more rewarding and less vexing.  “Marie you seem ready to say something?”  Shy Marie often needed gentle prompting.
"Oh! uh. Leo finally talked to me..." Marie paused blushing.
"Marie gots a boy-friend!"  Ellen giggled as Marie coloured more deeply.  Leo was a muscular boy with acne. Ellen was amused at his clandestine glances, and social awkwardness towards her cousin.
"Do not! ...talked about his stewarding King Tobias last week at Beltane.  His majesty complimented you."
"Really? Go on."  Her father had been awkward around her since the wedding. Daphne sensed he still felt guilty about embracing the witch as his daughter while en-spelled.  
"Said: Galt has been good for you. You take charge. Just like his queen would have, you have grown-...um" 
"Greatly."  Came from Daphne's right foot.
Marie tapped the back of Ellen's head. "Ah-em! Grown into a fine hostess and is certain to make a good mum.  He misses his little girl but is proud of the woman you are. Don't think he referred to the wedding day milady. Doesn't want any to tell you he said those things. It was late. He was a bit drunk." 
"Oh father!" Daphne smiled, she would mend this fence after the baby was born. She made a face as she sipped red wine. "Watered ...a-gain!" 
"Court physician's orders Mam.  Feast with toasts tonight for our Burgundy guests. That wine won't be watered Mam."  Marie looked solemn.
Daphne sighed. "We wouldn't want to exceed his precious two glass limit, I suppose. Good that you remember these things. Now, before I nap, how is progress?"
"She kin cheat at cards now, but ah'm still better at doin' that." Ellen piped up.
Marie looked pained. "Did NOT cheat. Can't cheat at go fish, not like a real game."
"Is too a real game!" Ellen stuck out her tongue. "Learn me poker ‘n I'll show ya cheatin'."
"I meant the closed boxes game. And no, you are NOT learning gambling young lady.  Not from me."
"Did five of five seven times."  Ellen put her towel down. "Done."
"Only cause you do it durin our breaks too."  Marie sniffed.  She patted Ellen's belt pouch to be rewarded by the rattle of the dice box. 
"Still, way more better than you."  Ellen smiled. 
"Grammar, young miss.  Now back to the point, how did you do Marie."
"Guessed right, four out of five often last night milady. Five of five twice." Marie beamed. 
The boxes were actually one box with five divisions each containing a single six sided die.  The children shook the box and wrote down their guesses on which sides would be uppermost when the box opened. "You will have to devise a better game soon mam."  Marie nodded at a job done, as she eased slippers on.
"Excellent. Perhaps a game with cards. I must think on it."  Sonya had claimed that, with stimulation, the sight would grow, and she was proved right. Both children had some ability and it had improved! In years to come, her staff might prove invaluable if another Sonya showed up. In the meanwhile, their political insights were proving useful.  
So far, other staff in the castle had failed to have any detectable insights. Sonya HAD said the sight was rare. Only her two handmaidens had seen visions when the door hinge exploded. Impressive, they both had been on the far side of the castle at the time. Well, that bishop had seen things too, the poor man. Everyone knew he had experienced something supernatural at the wedding.  All he knew, was he wanted to live quietly and forget that day ever happened. He was currently the subject of a church inquest. 
Daphne had heard, it was benign, part his being considered for sainthood. Her interview with the inquisitors had gone well.  As Sonya had said, the church only found fake witches. Her girls weren't interviewed at all.  So far, the official church story was that it was all the Bishop's fault.  His powerful holy blessing of the church and the wedding couple at the start of the ceremony caused the explosion and the death of the witch.  Kingdom saved by the power of God himself.  There was even debate about allowing repairs to the doorway.
As long as they forgot and forgave her the state of her undress at that time, Daphne wasn't about to correct them. She was also glad no one asked about any stone.  Best if none knew of it.  She personally never wanted to experience another one again ever.
So far, Daphne had managed to keep her own second sight a secret.  Ellen and Marie knew little more than they had a knack for good guesswork.  Well, Marie might have an inking as to why they played the dice box game. Ellen just liked outperforming her cousin at something. Daphne planned to tell them both her full story soon. One day, her girls were going to be her secret special agents to guard Galt from evil magic.  
Upon first being summoned by adult princess Daphne, Marie fell to her knees and apologized, in tears, for her cowardice.  Marie confessed she had witnessed the witch Sonya use the stone many times, but hadn't known what to do about it.  All knew that for a commoner to accuse a high rank of any crime was foolhardy.  However, her gran had told her about witches.  To interfere with a powerful witch invited worse than mere death.  Far worse.  Still, she was so sorry.  She just hadn't known that 'little one' was anything other than a mistreated toddler.  She promised she would work hard to be worthy of forgiveness from her princess.
Daphne had rejoiced that day.  She had found another with the sight!  She told Marie she knew all about worse-than-death, personally.  They reminisced about the many kindnesses Marie had managed for the cute little one amidst the twisted cruelties the witch had inflicted upon her ward.  Marie gave credit for some of these to her cousin Ellen.  
Daphne asked where Ellen was and why she hadn't come yet.
Marie then told how she had taken Ellen home on the day Ellen was dismissed, because she had fallen when snowstorm of colours momentarily blinded her.  
“Snowstorm?  Both of you?”  Daphne had asked carefully.
Marie shook her head sadly.  “It was so strange milady, brightly coloured snow came sideways, right out of the walls!  Came and then the lights were gone.  Fortunate I was, making beds and did not come to harm.  Poor Ellen, was carrying crockery at that time, tripped fell, broke most every plate.  You know how busy the scullery was the day of your wedding...”
The lights!  At that point, Daphne had interrupted the story by hugging Marie and announcing her new role as handmaiden.  It was far more than she had hoped for.  They both saw the results of the stone's magic explosion from so far away, right though all those walls. 
The story also confirmed Ellen's supernatural gifts.  Daphne sent for Ellen immediately, and hired her over Scurryfunge's objections.  Daphne had found two witches without having to enquire further and risking exposing herself to church inquisition.  Daphne had been struggling with secretly training the youngsters ever since.  As well as teaching Ellen the wisdom of discretion as her abilities grew.
Returning to the here and now, Daphne stretched and twisted, craning her head. From her chair, she tried in vain to admire, or even properly view, her distant feet directly, then sighed.  She rose and caught a glimpse of her profile in the vanity mirror. "Look like a child hiding a large boulder under her clothes.  Fat."  She frowned. 
"HE thinks you glow. You are most beautiful milady. "  They had taken station on each arm Marie smiled as she spoke, Ellen nodded rapidly in agreement.
"Thank-you."  Daphne smiled as she gave each a gentle hug.
"He loves you ...hugely.  Great lady."  Ellen giggled.  
"You..."  Daphne shook her head smiling wryly. Ellen supposed saying great or large often in this last month of pregnancy to be the height of humour. It was good that her staff felt so relaxed around her. Daphne recalled too well the stifling fear that Sonya had tried to instill in everyone.
She allowed herself to be helped to bed. As she settled, her mind's eye followed the shifting colours of castle activity. Since her wedding day, the sight had happened each time she thought of the stone exploding. At first, it had been confusing, overwhelming and frightening. Later, with practice, she had learned to focus on the people she cared about. Hm, Adam had retreated to the stables, again!  When he could be participating in statecraft to the benefit of HIS eventual kingdom. That man!
She picked up her writing table and jotted a note.  "Marie hand this love note to a trooper outside. It conveys my regrets at napping here, this once, instead of being by his side at the privy council meeting. Be sure to ask that trooper to run by way of the royal stables, where he should NOT find my husband." 
Marie smiled knowingly. "Oh Trooper Burke..." She sang as the door closed behind her.

The end.

#####.
