Rhescue


Drew Herdman

Smashwords Edition 

Copyright Drew Herdman 2010

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Chapter 1.

RHES ARRIVES.

Grey smoke leaked into the cabin.  The fire had started in the engine room at the back of the space ship, where two wires had rubbed together, until a spark had set fire to the plastic covering
Rhes, the pilot, sat looking into a television screen. His reflection showed a dark-skinned man like being.  His hands, as they moved lightly over the controls, were long and thin, and he wore a one-piece, silvery suit that showed how thin he was.  The only difference from a real human being was when his eyes were visible.  The centres were dark, with a yellow slit, just like cat, instead of normal colours with black centres.
Back in the engine room, the smoke was getting thicker.  It forced its way up the passage towards the cabin, in thick coils and loops.  The fire alarm had not sounded because the fire had eaten its way through the wires and disconnected the bells.
Because Rhes was so busy looking into the screen, it was only when he smelled the smoke that he turned to see what was happening.  His hand leaped to the fire extinguisher switch, but when he pushed it, nothing happened.  Again the fire had destroyed the wiring.
The space ship gave a lurch as the autopilot cut out and started to descend. Rhes grabbed for a support but missed, and hit his hand on the corner of the table.  The pain made him shout, but when he took another breath, he took a  lung full of smoke which made him choke, and breath in even more of the foul-smelling air.  His eyes watered and he was now so dizzy that he fell to the floor.  The ship tilted down more steeply, and he slid to the wall where he lay unable to move.  He knew that the ship was going to crash, and hoped that when it happened, it would not be too bad, and he would survive.
He had been sent from his own planet, to scout earth, and find out whether it would be possible or desirable  for his race to contact earth.  His own planet was cold, and the next few thousand years would make it uninhabitable.  Even though there was plenty of time, scouts had been sent all over the universe, to try to find an uninhabited place for them go to.  They would have preferred a lone planet, but if there weren't any, perhaps co-operation might be a good thing.
The twins, both fair haired and blue eyed, had just passed their twelfth birthday, and were  walking home from their Uncle Josh’s' house.  They had been there to thank him for their presents.
Uncle Josh was a large round man, always smiling, and ready with a laugh.  He had always been a fisherman, and had lived in a cottage near the harbour, where his boat, the REDWING was kept.  She was his pride and joy, and many times he had taken the twins out with him when he went to lift his crab and lobster pots, or let them help as he hauled in his net, usually full of slithering, flapping, shiny fish.  The twins had learned about sailing, and boat handling from him, and were good sailors, able to handle a boat in most weathers.
Now, however, it was just twilight, and the setting sun cast long shadows along the beach and cliffs.  The twins had walked along the beach, up the winding path to the top of the cliffs and into the forest.  They had often taken this short cut, so the trees, even though they looked rather clawlike, as they swayed gently in the evening breeze, held no terrors for them.
Because the path was rather narrow, they had to walk in single file, and when Robin suddenly stopped and held up his hand, Robina trod sharply on his heels.
"What on earth are you doing?" she asked in a very surprised tone.
"Look", said Robin, pointing upwards. "There's a shooting star.  Quick, make a wish!"
That's not a shooting star". replied Robina, with a quiet chuckle.  "Shooting stars go out. Well, if its not a shooting star, what is it?"
"I don't know" replied Robina, "but it seems to coming this way".
Sure enough the star was sliding down the sky, and it seemed to be curving towards them.
They stood still, unable to move, while the shape grew bigger and bigger, until it passed over head with a swoosh.  The blast nearly knocked them over, and as they staggered about, they saw a jet of flame spout from what was now easily seen to be a space ship.
The braking rockets had fired from the front in a final attempt to stop the ship from smashing itself to pieces.  They heard a crashing among the trees, then silence.
Without thinking, they ran through the trees, until they could see the shining space ship, half buried in a mound of earth.  Broken branches lay higgleddy piggledy all around.  The nose of the ship was well buried, and this had put out any fire.  As the twins came nearer, they could see a window with a light shining out.  But that was all.  There seemed to be a shadow moving about, but the twins could see no more than that.
Robin started forward, but Robina grabbed his sleeve
"What do you think you are doing?" she asked.
"I'm going to see what I can do to help", replied Robin, as he tugged his sleeve out of Robina’s' hand.
"Don't be silly," said Robina, her voice rising, "There could be anything in there!"
"Don't worry", came the reply, "I can look after  myself."
He stepped up to the space ship and peered in.  It was just as he said, "There's nothing in here", that he saw the still figure of what seemed to be a man, lying on the floor, crushed against the wall, with smoke billowing round him.
"There's a man trapped in there. "He shouted. "We've got to get him out."
By this time Robina had joined him, and she too, saw the figure on the floor.  The smoke seemed to be getting thicker.  Robin was looking for a way in, and soon saw a doorway with a smooth closed door with no handle showing.
Beside it was a small hollow with a push button in it.
"This must be the way in", he said as he pushed the button.  At first, nothing happened, until with a click, and a hiss, the door slid sideways.  Black smoke gushed out, and the twins jumped back out of the way.
"You can't go in there", said Robina, but Robin just laughed and said,
"Watch me!"
He pulled his hanky out of his pocket and covered his mouth and nose with it.  Taking a deep breath, he jumped into the doorway and vanished from sight.  He soon found the door into the cabin, but when he turned the handle, he found that it was jammed.  The crash must have  bent something.  Without wasting a second, he stood back, and kicked out, his heel smashing into the lock just by the handle.  The door flew open, and a fresh cloud of smoke pushed out.  Robin dropped to his knees, and looked along the floor.  The smoke was thinner there, and he could see the shape in front of him.  Even with the hanky over his mouth and nose, he was breathing in some smoke, and he could feel himself getting dizzy. 
"Must go on", he said to himself.  Crawling forward, he got hold of the shape, and started to drag it out.  The strain was awful, and he soon felt tired.  He managed to drag the shape to the cabin door, but the way out seemed too far off.
Darkness closed in on him, and in the distance he heard a faint voice calling,
"Come on. Come on. You can do it".
It would be nice to stop, he thought to himself.  If I just had a moments' rest.
But the voice he could hear would not let him rest.
"Come on.  Come on."  it repeated over and over.  He tried to go on.  Now he could see the faint shape of the doorway, but it seemed so far off.  He felt that he would never make it.
"Just one more try,” he said to himself, " then I must stop".
As if from miles away, he felt a tug at his sleeve, and with one last huge effort fell out of the doorway, with the shape almost on top of him.  He tore off the hanky, and gasped great lungs full of fresh air.  Soon he felt better and turned over to look at the person he had rescued.  Robina had pulled the body straight, and was dabbing at a cut on its cheek.
"He's breathing alright" she said, as the figure started to move.
They pushed and pulled at him until he was sitting with his back to a tree.  After a few moments he opened his eyes.  He saw the space ship partly buried in a mound of earth, with a wisp of smoke still curling from the open door.  He tried to stand up, but sat down again with a groan, and clasped his hands to his head.
"Don't try to get up" , cried Robin.  The stranger looked up at him, and said something that the twins couldn't understand.  After repeating it a couple of times, and seeing the blank looks on their faces, the stranger put his hand into a pouch on his belt, and drew out a small black box.  The box had a chain on it, and when the stranger put it over his head, the box hung down on his chest.
He pressed a button, and repeated his funny words, and the box spoke words the twins could understand.
"Hello", he said.  "What happened?"
"Your spaceship crashed" added Robina, "and Robin saved your life. He dragged you out of the fire!"
A long silence fell, and after a while the stranger told them his story of trying to find an empty world for them to move to, and how his planet was slowly dying, and how he had been searching in this corner of the sky.  The twins saw a tear run down his cheek as he realised he could not get back to them.
"You could stay with us", suggested Robina, but the stranger refused, saying that no one must see him or know that he was from another world. 
The fire had gone out, and the stranger looked it over carefully, and decided that he could save most of it, and that it would make a nice home, after he had tunneled to some nearby caves.
"What will you do for food?" asked Robina, as she imagined the stranger wasting away.
"Never mind" laughed the stranger, "I live on special pills, and there's more than enough to last my lifetime in the ship. There's a stream over there, so I'll never be thirsty,"
Robina suddenly realised that they had been chattering away, and had not introduced themselves.
"My name is Robina." she announced "and this is my brother Robin.  Who are you?"
"I am called RHES." he replied.  "Just Rhes".
"We will have to go now" said Robin. "Mother doesn't like us being out too long in the dark, but we will come and see you tomorrow after school".
s they went down the path towards home, they turned and waved to the lonely figure standing in the doorway.
"Good bye", they chorused.  "Good night sleep well", and they vanished into the trees.   Off went the twins to their house in the village, almost bursting with excitement, but knowing that they must never say a word about their wonderful adventure.
They both lay awake for a long time before going to sleep that night.
The next day they could hardly wait until the end of the lessons at school. Mother had noticed that they had hardly eaten any breakfast, but felt that that was nothing new.  They were always up to something.
"Where are you going?" asked Mother.
"Just up to the woods." replied Robin, and off they dashed.
"You both be very careful" called Mother after their running feet as they pelted up the hill.  'What has got into those two?' she thought, but forgot them as a pan nearly boiled over.
long a seldom used  and overgrown track the twins hurried.  Robin suggested that they pull branches across the track to hide it from other people who might stumble on the space ship, and so keep it secret.
Soon the path opened up into a grassy glade, but there was no sign of the space ship.  Sadly the twins walked into the glade, and sat on a low hillock As they sat there staring around, Robin said,
"I'm sure this is the place"
"It most certainly is", replied Robina.  "How could Rhes have gone off and left us.  I'm sure he said the ship was smashed beyond repair, and even if he had fixed it,
I'm sure he would have waited to say goodbye."
Just then they heard a quiet laugh.  The twins jumped as if they had been stung.
"What was that?"  yelped Robina, trembling. As they stood there, a piece of the hillock slid back, and there was Rhes, a huge grin on his face.
"Camouflage" he said.  "If I can fool you two, I can fool anyone who may chance to come along here. I worked all night, and now the ship is completely buried, and I also now have a back door into the caves, and this rather nice front door".
They all went in, and when Rhes pushed another button, the door slid shut.  Rhes showed them round his new home, where he slept, and where he worked, and even the robots that had helped him during the night, After a while he suggested that they sat down and talked, as he wanted to know where he was, and how the people lived nearby.
The twins told him that many many years ago when people first came to live here on the island, it had been joined to the mainland by a narrow strip of rock.  This had fallen into the sea when an earthquake had struck.  This had not bothered the people, because some of them became farmers, and others became fishermen, and so they had  become self sufficient.   In recent years, a bridge had been built, but as the villagers had everything they wanted, they seldom needed to go to the mainland, and very few of the town’s people visited them.
"This seems just perfect", said Rhes.  "It will make my life easier if nobody from the town sees me".  He took a small medallion from his belt, and after a moments thought, gave it to Robin, saying.
"I owe you my life, and I will never forget it.  I want you to wear this medallion, and if you ever need me, just  hold it tightly, and think of me as hard as you can. Your thoughts will be sent to me, and an alarm will sound on mine. When I hear this I will know that you need me.  I will always be able to find you".
Just then they felt the space ship tremble.  Outside,  the trees waved their branches, and the leaves rustled together.  It only lasted a moment, and then all was still again.
"What was that?" asked Rhes, in a rather worried voice.
"That was just a small quake", replied Robin. "They happen very often, but nothing ever comes of it".
"A big quake happened some time ago", reminded Rhes
"That was ages and ages ago", laughed Robin.
"Yes", agreed Rhes, "But it could happen again.

CHAPTER 2.

A LATE BIRTHDAY PRESENT.

Spring slowly turned from cool cloudy weather, with showers every so often, to warmer days and nights.  The trees became thick with leaves, and in the forest the undergrowth grew so thick that the path to Rhes' spaceship became almost impassable.  The glade where the spaceship was buried became a mass of beautiful flowers, and in the still evenings, when Rhes and the twins just sat without talking, the fragrance drifted around them, and they could listen to the hum of the honey bees, working on into the dusk.   This was also a time for Rhes to learn the language, and soon was able to do without his talking box.
One morning, as the twins came noisily down to breakfast, Mother said that a letter had arrived from their father. He was away at sea, the captain of a cargo ship that spent most of the year sailing from port to port, and so was not home either long or often.
The twins had not received a letter from him on their birthday, because the ship had broken down in the middle of the ocean. It had taken some time to fix it, and even then they had only been able to limp very slowly to a safe harbour where proper repairs could be carried out.  Mother had, of course been told by radio that the ship would be delayed.
The letter was short, just telling them all that he and his ship were fine, wishing the twins a late happy birthday, and telling them to go to "Joe's Boatyard"  where they would find a surprise.
"What can it be?" said Robin, as he reached for the milk jug.
"I know", exclaimed Mother, "But I'm not saying,  but I think a trip to town in the car would be in order". The twins swallowed their breakfast more quickly than usual, even though that was not slow, and were ready and waiting, as soon as Mother had reversed the car out of the garage.  The trip to town took them away down the hill, past the last edge of the forest, and across the bridge over the gap between the island and the city.  Soon they were swallowed up in the city traffic, and the noise, after the silence of the village, beat on their ears with a rumble, like a roll of thunder just going on and on.
After a short while, they turned off the main road, went down a rough path, which lead to the water, and there they saw a battered old sign that told them they were now in "Joe’s Boatyard".  They scrunched to a stop on the gravel, and were just climbing out of the car, when a old stooped  man stepped out if a dark shed, and walked over to them.
He was dressed in a faded blue sweater, and even more faded jeans.  His hands and face were sunburned the colour of mahogany, and the hair on his head was a silvery mass.  The eyes that looked out of the seamed face were the brightest blue, and twinkled as though he was laughing inside as if at some private joke.  When he spoke, it was as if he could hardly stop chuckling.
"Well, hello there" .He said,  "What can I do for you?"
Robin and Robina stepped forward, and spoke together, saying "We got a letter from our father telling us to come here, But we don't know why!"
"Ah" said the old man.  "Father's away at sea, ain't he?"  The twins nodded.
"Well, I've got just the late birthday present for you that you were supposed to have some time ago.  I got a letter too, and I was told to wait until you came, and not to say anything.  But now you're here, we'll see what we can find".
He walked off, with the twins close behind, and Mother some way off. They went into a large shed, which was dark after the glare outside, and smelled of wood, and  paint, and ropes and even the faint tang of well-used fishing lines.
While the twins stood there waiting until their eyes became accustomed to the gloom, the old man had moved some boxes out of the way, and was pulling something on a trailer out into the yard.  He stopped in the doorway, and with a flourish, pulled off a canvas cover, and there was the most beautiful sailing dinghy the twins had ever seen.
By this time Mother had caught up, and the twins just threw themselves at her, hugging her, then dancing round, shouting. "Thank you", over and over.
"You'll have to think of a name for her." Mother said, "But that's for you to decide".
The old man pulled the trailer along as if it was a feather, and soon had it hitched to the tow bar behind the car. As they were getting into the car the old man said to Mother that he had been paid, and hoped the twins would  have many hours of fun on the water.
"I'm sure they will". Replied Mother, "They have had lots of lessons on the water with their uncle, who is a fisherman".
Soon they were on their way home again, with the dinghy bobbing up and down behind them on its trailer.
As they turned out of the boatyard, the twins looked back out of the rear window, and saw the old man give a cheery wave, and then walk back into his office.
When they arrived home, they found Uncle Josh waiting for them.  He, too, had known about the dinghy, and was a pleased as anything to see how happy they were with their marvelous present.
"Now then," said Mother later.  "I have had a letter from Auntie Amy.  She has invited us to stay with her for the school summer holidays.  You haven't seen her since you were very small, and I'm sure you don't remember the Isle of Man at all.  So I have telephoned her to say we will be coming over on the Ferry a week next Sunday. That will give us time to get everything sorted out."
"Will we be able to take the dinghy with us?" asked Robin.
"Of course", replied Mother. "Auntie Amy is going to arrange a mooring in the harbour at Port Erin for you.  It will be rather crowded over there, so you will have to be careful not to scratch the paint on any boat, yours or anyone else’s."
By this time the twins were almost overcome with happiness. Never had so many lovely things happened so quickly before.  They were itching to dash out and away up the hill to tell Rhes all about it, but had to sit through tea before they could get away.  When they did, they arrived at the glen totally out of breath, as they had run all the way.
They both started talking at once, the moment Rhes had opened the secret door and let them in.
"Slow down", he said, "I can't make head or tail of all this chatter".
Eventually they managed to tell Rhes the full story, but then realised that he could not go with them. That caused some embarrassment until Rhes said
"Don't worry.  I can see a way round that. I have somewhere", as he rummaged through some drawers, "my cloak of invisibility.  With this I can hide under the canvas cover of the dinghy, and no one will suspect that I'm there".
The twins were all smiles again until Robin said.
"Don't you think that's rather dishonest, not paying his fare?"  The twins had been brought up very strictly, but after a moments thought, Rhes said.
"Well.  If I'm not an earth person, and nobody knows that I'm here, except you two, how can I be expected to pay?"
This bit of rather twisted reasoning appealed to the twins, and soon they were laughing again.
School broke up for the holidays, and the next few days passed in a blur of packing, unpacking as minds were changed about what to take, then repacking.  The dinghy was rigged on the trailer.  The mast and sails were set up.  It did not take very long for Robin and Robina to be able to put a hand on any part of the boat with their eyes shut.  Uncle Josh came up from the harbour one afternoon and put them through their paces.  Only when he was satisfied that they could handle the boat, did he let them go.
"Safety first." he said over and over.  "Have you got the flares?" and finally, "Have you thought of a name for her yet?"
"Oh yes, lots of them, but we haven't been able to decide which" replied Robina.
"Well, I'll tell you one." said Uncle Josh. "When I was about your age my father gave me my first dinghy. She wasn't as smart as this one, but I was as proud as anything of her, and I'd like you to call this one the same. She was called the  'SANNOX'. I didn't know what it meant, but she was always a lucky boat, and never let me down".
"That's a kind thought." replied Robina, "But we'll have to call her SANNOX the second, or even SANNOX 2.  We could spell that number 2,  T O O. you know, a play on words."
"Done” said Uncle Josh.  "Now we must go outside and christen her. Must have a proper ceremony".
They called Mother, and trooped outside.  The sun was setting behind the hills, and the dinghy, sitting proudly on its trailer, was bathed in a golden haze.  They stood in a semicircle in front of her, and Mother poured some lemonade over the bow, as she said the old words about 'God bless this ship, and all who sail in her'. just as if she had been an ocean liner , getting ready to sail all the oceans of the world, to wonderful and exciting places.
At last Sunday morning came, and Uncle Josh came to help them load the cases into the car, and hitch the trailer onto the tow bar.  He had arranged with Mother that he would look after the house while they were away.  
Just as they were saying  'goodbye', Robina heard a very quiet step on the driveway, and saw the trailer dip slightly. The canvas cover moved a bit, and then straightened itself out. She knew that Rhes had arrived, and was well hidden. The others had not seen a thing. She whispered one word ' Rhes' to Robin, and he too realised that they were all together as they started out on this summer holiday.
The journey to the Ferry Terminal in Liverpool was soon over, and the twins had been able to see the trailer bouncing along behind them.  They wondered how Rhes was getting on, every time the trailer hit a bump or pothole in the road.  Soon they were driving down the floating roadway onto the Landing Stage, where the ferry was tied up.
She looked huge from where they were. From close up, all they could see was a black wall of steel going up and up.  When they got out of the car and looked up, they could see that the top of the boat was painted a gleaming white, with just the tip of a red painted funnel showing over all.  There were two masts, each with a line of flags flying straight out in the breeze, as if to say.'Hurry up,.I want to get going'.
There was a queue of cars waiting to crawl through a large doorway set in the side of the ship, and as they joined the end of the line, a sailor, who was one of the crew, came up and asked for their tickets.  Mother handed them over, and after a quick check, was waved on.  Mother drove slowly up the ramp with the twins walking behind. This gave them a chance to whisper to Rhes, to ask if he was all right. 
"Yes", replied Rhes. "I'm OK, but I'll be glad to get out of  here. I seem to have been bumped onto bits I didn't know I had!"
"Not long now." said Robina in a reassuring voice, as another sailor came up and showed Mother where to park.
"That's right," said the sailor, mistaking Robina’s' remark, and thinking she was talking to him.
"We sail in about twenty minutes. You'll hear the hooter go off.  Then away we go".
The twins had to try very hard not to burst out laughing as the sailor walked away without having the slightest idea that there was a stowaway aboard.  Mother had parked the car, and after locking it, said she was going to get a nice cup of tea and some biscuits in the big open restaurant, and would wait for them there, as they would, no  doubt, want to explore the ship. As she moved away, the canvas cover on the dinghy moved aside, and they felt Rhes climb out. They refastened the cover and went off to look around. Rhes had to follow, taking care not to bump into anyone. 
They decided to start at the top of the ship, and after climbing several steep flights of stairs they came out onto the open deck.  As they stood and looked over the side of the ferry, they could see the Landing Stage far below, with the line of cars waiting to creep through the side of the ship, and the people walking about. When they looked left or right, they could see a row of white painted lifeboats sitting solidly on the deck, covered with white canvas, but ready for any emergency.
After walking on, they passed the bottom of the black topped funnel which had looked so small when they were on the dockside, but now was huge and warm to the touch.  They could hear the whine of engines, and when they looked in through an open skylight, they could see down into the engineroom.  There, a maze of pipes - brass, and copper - glittered and gleamed in the lights.  There was a hissing sound, they could smell steam, and could almost feel the power waiting to be freed, which would send them steaming away from the harbour, and over the blue shining sea.
As they walked on, they came to another set of steps, with a swinging chain stretched from side to side.  There was a notice to one side, and printed on it in large letters were the words   ‘CREW ONLY’
Standing at the top was a tall slim man, neatly dressed in a blue uniform, with several gold bands on the sleeves, and a cap with lots of gold braid around the peak. He looked down at the twins and said.
"Is this your first trip on the Ferry? I've been watching you, and you seem very interested in everything that's going on.  People who have been on the Ferry usually go to the cabins or restaurant and wait for the trip to be over".
"This is our first time, except when we were tiny, and we can't remember anything about that". Replied Robin.
"I bet you'd like to see up here, then". The man said after a pause.
"Oh, yes please". said the twins together.
"Well, as I am the captain, I think I can bend the rules a bit.  Come on up".
The twins ducked under the chain, climbed the stairs, and walked out onto the open space at the top.
"This is called the Bridge", said the captain, "I don't know why, except that you can see everything from here, and bridges do go over things". He then took them into a room in the middle of the bridge, and told them they were now in the wheelhouse, which was obvious, because of the large wooden steering wheel standing on its own pillar, rising out of the floor.  He also showed them how he could tell the engineers far below when he wanted them to start or stop the engine, by moving a lever set in a clock face, which had words like SLOW AHEAD, or FULL ASTERN, instead of the time.
Just then a sailor came into the wheelhouse and after a quick smile at the twins, saluted the captain and said.
"Time to go, Captain. Shall I escort these two off the bridge?"
"No'. replied the Captain.  "I think they might enjoy watching us take the boat out to sea".
The Captain went to the side of the bridge, took a telephone from a small box, and gave the orders to let go the ropes that held the Ferry to the quayside.  As they splashed into the water, he moved the lever on the dial to SLOW AHEAD, and down in the engineroom the huge motor started to turn.  With a frothing of water under the back of the Ferry, the propellor started to push the boat forward.  The sailor, who was now standing at the wheel, turned it slightly, and the front of the Ferry swung away from the quayside, and soon pointed down river, towards the open sea.
The twins were almost overcome by all this, and were brought back to earth with a bump when the Captain said.
"Would one of you mind pressing that brass button, there beside the wheel".
Robin jumped to do it, and pressed it down, feeling very important. A split second later both he and Robina nearly leaped out of their skins as the ship’s hooter let go a blast of sound that nearly took their ears off.
"That will tell everyone where we are, and what we are doing".  Said the Captain with a smile.
Gradually the Ferry eased out into the river, and when they were well clear of the land, the Captain rang down for a little more speed. The brass lever moved over the face of the dial until it showed 'HALF SPEED AHEAD', and the twins heard the engine turn over faster.  As they stood there, they could feel the floor vibrating as the Ferry started pushing the water aside with the effort of going faster.
The Captain told them that the Landing Stage was twenty miles up the river Mersey, and showed them how the deep water channel was marked out with floating buoys. Those on one side of the river were painted red, and the other side were green, and on each a little light flashed.  The Captain said that they flashed all the time, even during the day, but when night came the deep water was clearly marked. The twins had never seen the sea from so high up, and when they looked back, that could see the white frothy wake spreading out on either side behind them. Soon they passed a proper lightship, which marked the end of the channel, and the beginning of the open sea.  There were several men on board, who were there to service the light and see that everything was in good order.  They waved, and the passengers waved back and took lots of photographs.
"Full speed ahead, now we are clear". said the Captain, pushing the lever all the way over, and once again the twins felt the floor tremble as the ship picked up even more speed.
The Captain winked at the Sailor who was steering, and said
"Do you think our young friends would like to try steering?'
"I think they might like to have a go", replied the sailor, stepping away from the wheel.  Robina wondered whether the ship would keep going straight on, or end up going round in circles. Robin stepped gingerly up to the wheel, and took hold of the spokes as he had seen the sailor do.  On the far horizon he saw a cloud almost resting on the sea.  As the Ferry was heading straight for it, he decided to use it as a mark.  He knew from Uncle Josh how to steer, so when the Ferry seemed to move away from the cloud, he gently turned the wheel until the cloud was in front again.  The Captain and the sailor stood and watched, without saying a word.
After a while the Captain turned to the sailor and said.
"Well.  It seems we have been fooled.  I thought this young lad would have made a right mess of it, but here we are exactly where we should be.  I thought we could fool them, and have some fun, but we are the ones who look rather foolish."
Both the twins burst out laughing, and when they managed to stop, told how they had been on the water all their lives, and steering had been one of their first lessons. Robina had a try, but found it more difficult than steering the 'REDWING,' Uncle Josh's fishing boat. The Captain then told the sailor to take over, which made Robina a lot happier.
The Captain called them over to the side of the bridge, and when they looked over and down, they could see the blue water foaming along the ship’s side.  He had a packet of sliced bread, and started tossing pieces over the side.  At once, several seagulls that had been following the Ferry swooped down screeching and fighting to snatch bits either in the water, or in the air.
"You know", he remarked, "Some of these seagulls follow us right across to the Island.  I've fed them tine after time, and one or two are really tame.  In fact I can recognise some by the colour of their feathers, or some special marking.  Here's one now.  Lets see how tame he is".
He held out his hand, with a big bit of bread in his fingertips.  After a short while a big gull hovered a short way off.  Gliding along,  with no effort at all,  just a lazy flap of his wings now and then, to keep him in line with the Captain's hand. The Captain stood very still. Nearer and nearer the gull slid in.  Closer and closer he came until the twins could see his unblinking yellow eye watching them all.  Then with a snap of his beak, he twitched the bread from the fingers, and zoomed away to swallow it quickly before he was mobbed by several others who had been watching, but not brave enough to come so close.
The Captain glanced at his watch, and then walked to a shelf, where a pair of binoculars lay.  He slung them round his neck, and then said that the time was getting near when the Ferry coming from the Isle of Man would pass, on its way to Liverpool, and that they would pass quite close by.  After looking over the front of the Ferry for a few minutes, he said.
"There they are.  You can see the smoke from their funnel low down on the horizon".
Sure enough, the twins soon saw a smudge of smoke far away, looking just like a dark cloud.  It was only a matter of moments until the other Ferry could be seen, tearing toward them, with a huge white wave creaming up from the sharp bow.  The passengers had also seen this and were lining the side with cameras ready.
It took only a very short time for the two Ferries to pass.  The passengers cheered, cameras clicked, hands waved, and the two hooters tried to out do each other.  It was wild whilst it lasted, but all too soon the Ferries had gone their separate ways, and the heaving sea smoothed out until nobody could have told that ships had been there at all.
The twins thanked the Captain for letting them come up on the bridge, and said that they had better go and see what their Mother was doing.  The Captain waved their thanks aside, and said that he would announce over the Tannoy when the Island came in sight, and would like to see them again when they were nearing Douglas harbour.
As Robin and Robina reached the bottom of the steps leading down from the bridge, they felt unseen hands grip their elbows. At the same time they heard Rhes' voice whisper.
"Lets find a quiet place where I can get this invisible cloak off.  It is very hot inside, and I could do with a breather".
They walked around the decks until they found a large coil of mooring rope lying under a low shelter.  While the twins stood side by side in front, they felt Rhes slip by.
A few seconds later, Rhes stepped out of the shelter.  They found a secluded spot on the boat deck where Rhes told them that he had been standing right beside them on the bridge, and had heard and seen everything.  He had been amazed by the size of the ship, as there were no seas on his planet.  
"This is really only a small one" said Robin, our fathers' is several times as big, and there are really big oil tankers all over the world".
Robina suddenly said.
"What have you done to your eyes?"
Robin looked closely, and saw a fine pair of grey eyes looking back at him. With a rather embarrassed smile Rhes replied that he had made a pair if contact lenses, which disguised his slitted eyes completely.
"I want to be able to walk around among people, while we are away from home. Nobody knows me here, so it won't matter if I'm seen".
The twins had to agree that this plan would work, but felt that he would have to become invisible again when they  landed at  the  Island, because  Mother  knew nothing about him, and would be alarmed to see them with a  stranger.  Rhes agreed to this, and after stretching his arms and legs to get the kinks out, they went and explored the rest of the Ferry.  Up and down they went, from front to back, and side to side. As they went through the restaurant they stopped briefly to say hello to Mother, with Rhes a few steps behind.  Not that it mattered this time, because Mother was asleep in a deep arm chair, with a book lying open across her knees.
As the Ferry had sailed further and further from the land, the sea had been slowly getting rougher and rougher. Rhes suggested that they sit down as he was finding it difficult to walk on a moving floor.  Of course the twins were so used to it that they had not noticed.  They found seats in a large room that had windows in the front. As they sat there, they could almost see over the front of the Ferry, and could watch the waves coming towards them.  Row upon row of them, some with white water tumbling down the front. They hadn't been watching long, when a much bigger wave came along. It looked as if it was two waves that had become one.  The front of the Ferry dipped down a bit, then thumped into the wave.  Water shot into the air, was caught by the wind, and hurled down the deck, to splash loudly on the windows.  Rhes ducked down with a shout of alarm, but the twins just laughed as the water drained away.  After getting used to this, Rhes and the twins watched for quite a while, until with a crackle the loudspeaker came to life, and the Captain's voice announced that the Island was coming into sight, and they would be reaching Douglas in about half an hour.  This meant that Rhes would have to do his vanishing act again.
On deck again, they looked, and far away they could see the blue and purple shape of the Island.  The mountains came slowly into sight.  Snaefell, the highest, with lesser peaks drifting down to the south, topped by fleecy white clouds.  Later the coast appeared, rugged and bleak, then Douglas, with its curved seafront,  backed by white hotels row on row,  climbing the slope away from the beach.
The two piers took shape, with the harbour inside. The piers were crowded with people, who had come to meet friends, or perhaps were just curious to see the Ferry coming in.
They went back to the coil of rope, and waited while  Rhes put on his cloak again, and vanished.
He then whispered that he would go and hide in the dinghy again.
The twins went back up to the bridge, and called up the steps to ask if it was all right to come up.
"I thought you weren't coming". said the Captain. "You're only just in time".
"What!" echoed the twins together, "and miss this".
By now the Captain had rung for HALF SPEED AHEAD. The sound of the engine dropped down, and the ship slowed.  By now they were coming into the shelter of the land, and the sea was getting calmer and calmer, until it was flat.
"Sound the hooter, please" said the Captain, and Robin pressed the button. This time they knew what to expect, so the din didn't bother them.
Soon it was time for SLOW AHEAD, and the Ferry just crawled along. The passengers started to collect their things, and make their way to their cars far below.  Robin chanced to see Mother crossing the deck, and shouted to her.  She came to the bottom of the ladder, and stood there looking  rather cross.
"What are you doing up there?" she demanded.
As the twins tried to explain the Captain came out and told her that it was his fault, and would she please not be cross with them, and would she care to come up as well.  Mother was so pleased that she could not be cross any longer.  They all stood to one side, out of the way, and watched as the Ferry gently slid up to the harbour wall.  The engines were reversed to stop the ship, and ropes were thrown to people on the harbour wall. They then pulled the big mooring ropes along, and tied the Ferry securely to the wall.  The engines were stopped, and for a moment there was silence.  Shortly after the sound of the huge doors at the back of the ship being opened was heard, and the crackle of car engines coming to life sighed upwards.
"We must go". said Mother, "or we'll be blocking the queue.  Thank you very much for looking after these two".
The twins also thanked the Captain, who shook them both by the hand, wished them a lovely time, and hoped he would see them again on their return journey.  They all trooped down to the car, arriving just as the car in front was about to move off.  Mother started the engine, and slowly drove up the ramp that led up to the quayside.  As they drove away, Robin and Robina looked back and there, leaning over the ships side was the Captain.  When he saw them wave, he waved back, and stood there watching until they turned a corner and went out of sight.

CHAPTER 3   

JOURNEY’S END

As the travelers headed away from the harbour, the road took them along the side of the Inner Harbour, where boats of all shapes and sizes lay. There were the freighters that brought so much of the Islands needs, down to the string of rowing boats that the holidaymakers hired by the hour.
At the top of the harbour, the road passed the entrance to the Railway Station.  Not for the Island people the modern, fast, and comfortable trains. These were old steam engines, with tall black chimney, and polished brass dome glittering and gleaming in the sun. A small cloud of smokes gently drifting up into the still air.
Mother slowed down as they passed, and at that moment they heard the shrill whistle sound, followed by the rattle and bang of the buffers as the train got under way.
Leaving the town behind, they were soon following the road south, and could, at times see the railway line.  The train was hurrying along, dragging a long plume of white smoke, which drifted away over the fields. The sound of its passing sending sheep scattering in all directions.  Now both car and train were running almost side by side. Faster and faster they went, with people on the train waving from the windows. The twins waved back, but all too soon, the road turned away from the tracks and the train disappeared down a tunnel, leaving a cloud of smoke drifting away into a nearby wood.
On and on they drove, down roads much narrower than those  in the city, with high banks on either side.  The sun was still shining,  and it was so warm that they wound the windows down, and the inside of the car filled with the scent of many different sorts of flowers that grew in the hedges that sided the road
They swooped down a hill, where the road twisted over a grey stone bridge, and passed a sign that said 'Fairy Bridge'.   "Say Hello to the fairies” said Mother, and this they did, because not to do so would bring bad luck. A few twists of the road later, and Mother stopped the car by a white painted bridge.  They got out, and looked over the edge. The railway line passed underneath, and soon they heard the train coming.  As it came round a bend, they could see it swaying from side to side, with the driver and fireman looking out from the cab. 
When they saw the group on the bridge, they waved,   blew the whistle,  and thundered  underfoot,  to reappear on the other side in a cloud of smoke and steam. After it had gone by, and the smoke had cleared, all they could hear was the rattle of the wheels, getting fainter in the distance.
They drove on, passing through small villages, up and down hills, until they came to the coast again.  Many of the bays were covered with golden sand, and the waves broke gently on the few rocks that jutted up here and there.
All too soon they came to a crossroads. A school stood on one corner, and an old smithy on another.
"That was my old school” said Mother. "Amy and I used to go there a long time ago. The smithy was working then, and the farmers used to bring their horses for shoeing".
They drove on past the sign that said  'Port Erin', and when they reached the grey stone church, they turned left down 'Droghadfayle Road', turned right and stopped just by the old railway station outside the gates of 'Beech Tree Cottage' where a notice said 'B and B’.
Mother tooted the horn, and in a moment there was Auntie Amy.  She and Mother hugged each other, then Amy, with her hands on her hips, stood and looked at the twins.
"Well." she exclaimed,  "How you've grown.  Its a long time since I've seen you, but never mind that, come on in".  The car scrunched on the gravel drive, and stopped by the front door.  Robin and Robina shut the gates, and as they did, Robin saw a small notice that said, 'B and B'.
"I didn't know Auntie Amy did bed and breakfast". said Robina.  "Mother didn't say anything about it.  I hope there aren't many guests".
As they were taking their cases from the car, and up to their rooms, Robin managed to ask Mother, in a whisper, why the sign on the wall was so small.
"Surely"  he said.  "If you want to get people to come to stay, you'd have a large sign".
"No",  replied Mother, "Amy only needs a few guests to come during the summer.  It pays for her Christmas holidays, when all the summer visitors have gone from the  Island.  Don't say anything, because Amy is rather proud, and it would embarrass her if you mentioned it".
"OK". the twins promised, and off they went to unpack their things.
Rhes, meanwhile, just after the car had stopped outside the house, and everyone had gone in, had slipped away from the dinghy, and was looking for a handy place to live in.  Luckily he found just the right place.  At the back of the house was a stable, but because it was summer, the horse that wintered there was out in the field where the grass was lush and green.  He climbed into the loft, and there among the sweet smelling bales of hay, he made a very comfortable bed.  By opening the small loft door, he could see out into the yard, and with his super hearing could hear anyone coming long before they could catch a glimpse of him.
He settled down, and took a small box from a pocket attached to his belt.  When he opened it, a low pitched buzz sounded.  He turned the box over, and a fly fell out onto his outstretched palm.  He gently turned it over, and it stood on its tiny legs, looking at him.  No ordinary flies this.  It was a tiny flying TV camera.  When Rhes lifted his watch, and pressed a button on the side of it, the dial vanished, and whatever the fly was seeing, was shown on the watch face.  Also in the box, was a tiny control stick.  Rhes could control where the fly went.  
He flew it out of the loft, around the house, and gently into the lounge through an open window.  He flew it up to the ceiling, and settled it there.  Now he could see and hear everything that went on in that room.  At that time Amy had no guests in the house, and wasn't expecting any, so the twins had the run of the place.  They were surprised when, after tea, they went looking for Rhes, and found him waiting for them down in the garden.
What a garden it was.  Over the years, when their grandfather had had the house built, he had planted hedges to form walks that led to secret suntraps.  There were tall trees, with lovely flower beds everywhere, and all around everything was a high stone wall, with just the big white gates that led up to the front door, and next to them a smaller door that went to the back.  The stone wall was covered with a climbing fuchsia that had grown thick and heavy over the years
Along the drive that led to the front door, was a group of trees, behind a low wall. Grass covered the ground.  In the spring this grass gave way to a carpet of bluebells intermixed with daffodils.  Now, of course, later in the summer, all these flowers had gone, but all over the garden, other flowers were in full bloom.  The air was soft, and full of the scent of honeysuckle, and feathers flashed as almost unseen birds flew from one place to another.
For the twins and Rhes, the first few days slipped by unnoticed.  They explored all the gardens, sheds, and the village that lay outside the walls.  Whenever Rhes went out with them, he put on his cloak of invisibility.
One morning, Mother walked the twins to the harbour.  There they were introduced to the Harbour Master, a middle aged man who limped out of his house to meet them.  His house stood overlooking the pier, so that he could see the boats coming in and out.
After shaking them warmly by the hand, he took them down a rather steep set of steps, which had a rail set in the wall, to hang onto.  On the sand was a rope, the two ends tied together.  Holding the knot, he said.
"This will be your mooring.  Your Auntie Amy asked me to put it down for you".
The twins were baffled.  How did it work they wondered.  The Harbour Master saw this, and with a deep chuckle said.
"I can see you are used to a harbour where the tide does not go in and out, but here it does, and your boat will be high and dry between each tide.  That's all right if you want to go sailing just as the tide is coming in, and your  boat is afloat".
He untied the knot, and stood with an end in each hand.  On one side the rope ran up to the harbour wall, then back again past them, through a link in a chain lying on the sand, and back to his other hand, making a huge loop.
"Pretend I'm your boat", he explained, "All you do is stand on the harbour wall, pull on the rope that is tied to the front  of your boat."  He waggled the rope until it snaked up to the wall. "Then climb into the boat , untie the  ropes from each  end,   tie them together, and off you go. When you come back, just do everything the other way round."
How simple it seemed after he had shown them how.
"If you want to wait here". said Mother, "I'll walk back to the house and bring the dinghy back for you to moor".
She walked away back across the sand, and vanished along the road that led to the shops.  The Harbour Master told them that if they needed any help, they had only to knock on his door, as he was there all the time.
After he had limped away, the twins stood and looked around the harbour.  The main pier stretched out from the land. It had a high wall on the seaward side, with a deep stone ledge on the inside, at just the right height for sitting on, to protect the boats sheltering on the inside.  At the end stood a lighthouse.  Not a big one that needed a keeper, but a small one that stood on three legs, and marked the end of the pier at night.  Further back, around a steep walled corner was an inner harbour, which was only flooded for about two hours when the tide was in.  People who only used their boats occasionally were parked there.
Robin suddenly burst out laughing.
"What's so funny?" she demanded.
"Look at your feet", replied Robin, still laughing.  Robina did so, and found that there was wet patch under them.
"So what" she said, then saw that next to hers was a patch that seemed to move on its own.  At that point she remembered that Rhes had been standing next to them, without moving while the Harbour Master had been talking, and his feet had been slowly sinking into the wet sand.
They stopped laughing when they heard the car horn.  Mother drove down a long concrete ramp at the top of the inner harbour, and onto the sand.  She pulled up to them and stopped.  The trailer had a hinge in the middle, and when Robin pulled out a steel pin, they were able to let the dinghy slide back until it was sitting on the sand.
Robin untied the mooring rope again, and tied the ends to the back and front of the dinghy, as he had been shown.  Mother drove off quickly, because the tide had turned, and was now coming in.  They all went back up the steps, and sat there in the sunshine, just watching the water creep in.
At first it didn't seem to be moving at all, but a little trickle would wind its way up a low patch, stop for a moment, then in a flash, there would be a small lake rapidly filling out on all sides, then on it would go again.  Time after time this happened, and the waterline went up and up the beach until the harbour was full.  Moments later the SANNOX was afloat, and riding to her mooring.
Robin looked at his watch.
"Tea time" was all he needed to say, and off they went.  They heard the slap slap of Rhes' footsteps, and saw the wet outline of his shoes on the dry pavement.  They vanished as quickly as they came, because the sun had been shining, and the pavement was hot.
Along the promenade they walked, past the cafes facing the bay, then up the hill that led through the centre of Port Erin.  They passed shops on either side, and then came to the Railway Station.  A train had just come in, and the platform was crowded with people pushing their way out.
Minutes later the place was empty.  They walked on again, and by going along the platform and then along the lines, they soon came to the level crossing that stood by the wall at the bottom of the garden.  The railway lines ran on outside the wall, and vanished in a straight line towards Port St Mary, the next station.   Turning left, a short walk brought them to the gates.
After tea, the twins and Rhes sat in the garden, on a seat hidden behind high hedges, where gravel paths would scrunch when someone walked on them.  This would give Rhes plenty of warning, time enough for him to slip away unseen.  He asked many questions about life on earth. His life had been so different on his home planet.  Everything was so new and wonderful, that he never tired of seeing new sights, and learning about new things.
The twins felt that this holiday was just the best thing that had ever happened to anybody.  They were so happy, they could have burst with joy.  As they sat there in the evening sun, with the rest of the holiday stretching away in front of them, they thought that nothing could happen to spoil it, even for a while.
How wrong they were.  Little did they know how soon things were to change, and how much they were to do so.

CHAPTER 4

TROUBLE STARTS.

WINGS OVER THE MOUNTAIN.

Summer had really arrived. The days were long and hot, with just a few clouds here and there.  Everything was dry, and the breeze, when it blew pushed little twist of dust into the air.
Over to the right hand side of the bay, Bradda Head pushed its length out, and the coastline followed round and away to Peel, with lots of little bays and inlets dotted here and there.  At the high end of Port Erin, the road rose up, and wound its way towards the hills. The fields started there, and climbed up the slopes.  Spaces opened here and there, with trees,  and carpeted with bracken, and wild blackberries.  In amongst this, a stream meandered about, winding down to the cliffs, where the ground leveled out, and then fell to the rocks where waves now gurgled  smoothly. There, during winter, these same waves crashed and battered, sending plumes of spray high into the air, where the wind grabbed it, and sent it whirling into  town, where it fell almost like rain.
It was only after these storms were over, and the wet windows dried out, that you could see the salt left in layers, white and glistening in the bleak watery sunshine.
But now, the trees drooped in the heat. Even the flowers wilted, and birds perched in the shade, spreading their wings to try and cool themselves. There had been no wind at all, so sailing had been no more than a fond hope.  The SANNOX had lain at her mooring, bobbing up and down as the tides went in and out.
Rhes, still trying to see and learn more and more about earth, had gone for a hike in the mountains.  He did not expect to return for a few days.  He felt that this Island was so peaceful that no possible trouble could come and put the twins in danger. Anyway, there was the medallion.
Robin and Robina, fair hair now bleached, and skin browned by the sun, had ridden their mountain bikes to the edge of the forest, and then gone for a long slow walk, where the shadows were deep, and the sun's burning rays could not reach.  How nice it was to sit by a stream that chuckled and gurgled over stones, as it passed on its way to join the river further down.
Tired now, they sat and dipped their feet in the water, and saw small fish swim away in panic, through the ripples.
"Listen to the insects buzzing" yawned Robin.  "I'm almost asleep just sitting here".
"I don't think that noise is insects", replied Robina, with a frown, "and I've never heard insects that sound like a lawn mower".
She kicked out with her feet, and a shower of water flew through the air, and landed on Robin's face as he sat on the bank, with his eyes shut.
"Come on” she cried, as she jumped to her feet, and ran away through the trees.  "Let’s see what is making that noise".
Robin wiped the water from his face, and ran after his sister, his feet pounding almost silently on the thick carpet of pine needles.  Soon they reached the edge of the tree, and  stood  panting,  as t hey  saw  to  their amazement , that the open grass space  on top of the hill  had had flags,  on poles set out to mark a square.  Circling above were six brightly coloured Hang Gliders with small engines buzzing away just like a swarm of bees.
Round and round they went, like red Indians galloping round a wagon train.  Every now and then, one would leave the rest and float down to make a landing in the patch marked out by the flags.  Then with a loud buzz, off it would go to make way for the next one.   After a while, the gliders began to land in pairs, then threes, and lastly all together, from all directions.
The twins were amazed. They had never seen anything like it, and could have stood there all day just watching.  However, the gliders stopped their engines, and lay looking like a gigantic group of brightly coloured butterflies on a green flower.
The men sat down on the grass, and opened their lunch boxes.  The twins wished they too had brought something to eat as well.  As soon as the meal was over, the leader pulled a pipe out of his pocket, and after filling and lighting it, in a cloud of blue smoke, dragged a book from another pocket, and settled down to read.  Four of the others lay down, pulled their flying helmets over their faces, and went to sleep.  The last one, however, stood up, and walked from the group.
The twins watched him getting nearer, and saw him jump a bit when he saw then standing in the shade.
"You gave me quite a turn!" he exclaimed.  "I didn't see you there.  How long have you been watching?"
"What are you doing?" asked Robin, not answering the question.
"No". Laughed the stranger.  "You tell me how long you have been there, and then I'll tell you what we are doing."
"I suppose we have been here about an hour" replied Robin.  "Now tell us what this is all about"
"Can you keep a secret?",asked the stranger.
"Of course we can" said the twins, heads nodding, eyes as wide as saucers.
"Well, I suppose I can trust you.  We are practicing for a competition which will take place soon, and we don't want any other fliers to steal our ideas".
Just then the older man knocked his pipe out, and as he put it away, looked round and saw the twins talking to the young flier.  His face changed to a scowl, and with a shout of anger he ran across the grass and said.
"Charlie. How many times must I tell you not to talk to strangers. You know it’s not in the plan".  More words were spoken, but the men had now walked too far away for the twins to hear what was said.
After a few moments the fliers started their engines, and one after another took to the air.  Charlie, who was last off collected the flags, climbed into his glider, and  took off  right over the twins.  As they looked up, they could see him smiling down.  He waved to them, and then set off after the others as fast as he could.  Soon they were just specks in the distance, then they were 

CHAPTER 5

FRIDAY EVENING. 

STRANGERS IN THE HOUSE.

The twins walked slowly away down the hill, each thinking about the gaily coloured hang gliders they had seen.
"I wonder if Rhes will be coming back soon". said Robina.  "I'd like to tell him what we have seen".
"Yes", replied Robin, "I bet he hasn't got anything like that on his home planet".
They collected their bikes, cycled home, and found that tea was ready.  Later that evening, just as the sun was setting and the soft shadows were growing longer across the garden, the twins heard a car engine on the road outside.  It stopped by the front gate, and the doors slammed shut.
The front gate squeaked open, and footsteps scrunched on the gravel
Tap.Tap. went the knocker.
"Go and see who's there". said Auntie Amy.  "Your mother and I are doing the washing up."
Robin rushed to the door, closely followed by Robina.  When they opened it, there were two men standing on the step.  One tall and thin, with a dark moustache, the other shorter, with a large fair beard. Strangely, they were both wearing dark glasses, even though the light was fading fast.
"Good evening". said Robin, who was always polite to everyone. "What can I do for you?"
The tall man said.  "We have been looking for a hotel or boarding house, but there doesn't seem to be one near here that can put us up.  We saw your sign, and hoped that there might be a room for us".
Just then Auntie Amy came up behind the twins, and having heard the last part of the conversation, said.
"I didn't know that all the hotels in town are full up".
"I'm sure we would be no trouble" said the tall man. "We are looking for somewhere quiet.  You see, we are bird watchers, and we don't like noisy places".
As the talk went on between Auntie Amy and the strangers, the twins heads kept turning from one to the other as if they were at a tennis match, watching the ball being hit from one side of the net to the other.
At last, Auntie Amy, thinking of her Christmas Holidays agreed to let the strangers stay for the weekend.  As they watched, the guests carried their cases up to the spare room, which had twin beds in it.
After they were settled in, they said that they were going for a walk, to see if there were any good places to watch from.
The twins watched them go, but being keen on bird watching at home, and also being curious, slipped out grabbed their mountain bikes, and followed them, some way behind, so as not to be seen.  Down the road the two men went, but suddenly turned off across the fields, bordered by thick hedges, and on to the high cliffs that overlooked the sea
"I'm sure there are no special birds there or we'd have seen them", Robin laughed.  "Just seagulls, seabirds, and the usual  sorts of land birds".
"It's all very suspicious. " Robina hinted.  "First we see strange hang gliders on the mountain, and now this.  Two strangers, who come from nowhere, to look at birds you can see in any harbour without hiding.  And I know from my own book on birds, there are no special ones on this Island."
As they watched they saw the strangers start walking back across the fields.
"Time for us to go". exclaimed Robin. "We don't want them to see that we have been watching them".
By the time the strangers had returned to the house, the twins were sitting comfortably in front of the television, as if they had been there all the time.
"Did you find any good places?" asked Robin innocently.
"Yes", replied the short man.  "We found a lovely place down by the river, and there are sure to be lots of birds to see".
"Will you be going out again?" asked Amy, "Because I'll be making a bit of supper in an hour or so".
"Just time for us to go for a drink at the pub we passed on the way here" joked the tall man.
After they had gone, the twins went up stairs and found the spare room opens just a bit.  They peeped in, and saw a telescope lying on the nearer bed.
"Look at that". whispered Robina,  "What would they want a telescope for. Surely they would use small binoculars if they were just bird watching. And look how untidy they are".
Without thinking, she stepped into the room, and bent down to hang up a jacket that was lying on the bed. As she did, she saw that underneath was a small walkie-talkie radio set, and next to it, where it had fallen out of a pocket, lay a black shiny gun.
Robin, who had followed her into the room, also saw the radio and the gun.
Put the jacket back, quickly, and leave things exactly as they were". He whispered, turning to go.  Robina did so, but as they stepped toward the door, they heard heavy footsteps coming up the stairs.
The twins' eyes met across the room, wide eyed with fright.  They looked helplessly about for somewhere to hide.  What would the strangers say if they found the twins searching through their things?  What indeed would Mother say?
There was nowhere to go.  With a sigh and drooping heads, they waited for the moment the door would open and the strangers would appear.
Footsteps sounded softly on the carpet.
Robin saw one chance to hide and slid onto his hands and knees and vanished under a bed.
Robina, seeing what Robin was doing, dived under the same bed, but from the other side.  Their heads met with an awful bump, but they managed not to cry out.  The bedspread hanging almost to the floor, swung for a few seconds, and then was still.
The door handle rattled, and the hinges squealed slightly, then the door opened.  The two strangers came in.  The tall one walked quickly to the far bed, and with a sigh, sat down and unlaced his shoes.  The twins could see his feet, which were only centimetres away.  More footsteps and the other bed sagged heavily above them.
"Well, that's part one of the plan complete." said Lofty with a sigh.  "My feet are aching with all that walking".
"Never mind your feet". exclaimed Shorty, "Get on the radio, and report to Number 1".
They heard the click as the radio was switched on, and a few seconds after, Lofty's voice saying softly.
"Come in Number 1.Come in Number 1."
"Number 1 answering" came the immediate reply, as though the other person had been waiting for the call.
"Good news, Boss.  Everything is going to plan, We have found a place to watch from, and we're bound to see the boat from a long way off".
"Right.  You have done well. Call me again tomorrow.  Remember the ship comes past about noon.  Good Night".
Just as the strangers had finished the message, Auntie Amy called from downstairs, saying that supper was ready.  The strangers rose from the beds, with a creak of springs, and walked out of the room.  As their steps sounded on the stairs, the twins crawled out from under the bed, and dashed for the door.  When they saw the way was clear, they banged their bedroom doors, as though they had been there all the time, and then crashed down stairs as though they hadn't a care in the world.
After supper they read for a while, until it was time for bed.
Off they went, and while they were cleaning their teeth, Robin said
"What a pair of liars.  Now we'll have to keep a very sharp eye on them"
"You're right". replied Robina quietly. 
As they walked silently across the landing, in their slippers, they heard Shorty say
"Do you think anyone suspects anything?"
And the reply was.
"No chance!  There's only those two kids, and they both look rather dumb".
As the twins parted at their bedroom doors, Robin whispered
"We'll see who’s dumb!"
The only answer from Robina was a gentle chuckle as she shut her door.  Soon the house was still.  Only in the  forest the night animals moved, and owls and bats winged their silent way between the trees in search of  prey

CHAPTER 6.

HIJACK, AND THE SHIP GOES MISSING.

The sun rose early next morning, and after a while the sun's rays shone into Robin's room.  Shadows from a leafy branch outside the window, moving in the slight breeze flickered across Robin's closed eyes.  He had been dreaming about the hang gliders, and for a moment he thought that the shadows were a part of his dream, until with a start, he came fully awake, and remembered the day before.
"Today is the day". he said to himself,  "I wonder what will happen".
He climbed out of bed, and went to the window. When he looked out, he could only see the tops of the trees, as an early morning mist was lying thickly on the ground.  As he watched, the sun was warming the air, drying the damp air, and thinning it, bit by bit, until he could see the houses down by the Railway Station.
He remembered Uncle Josh telling him that this meant it would be a fine day, because the old time sailors had a saying that 'When the mist takes to the open sea, fair weather, shipmate, it will be'.
At that moment he heard Mother's alarm clock go off, and soon heard the sound of voices, and clattering plates as Auntie Amy and Mother  talked as they laid places for breakfast. Later the delicious smell of bacon frying wafted up the stairs and tickled his nose.
He dressed quickly, and after a rapid visit to the bathroom, ran down stairs to find the table laid.
"Ah" said Auntie Amy, as he came through the door.  "Go and wake our guests, and tell them breakfast is ready".
Robin ran back up the stairs to the spare room, and knocked on the door.  After he heard Lofty say that he was awake, he turned to go, but as he did, he heard Shorty say
"I hope there will be no killing, today"
Robin froze, hardly daring to breathe.
"No chance ". replied Lofty, and after a pause added darkly.
"Provided everyone does exactly as they are told".
Robin opened Robina's door, and slipped in.  He closed the door, until he could just see through a crack.  Across the landing, he could see the door to the spare room.  That soon opened, and the two strangers came out, and went down stairs.
"What's going on?" asked Robina, who had woken up, and was sitting in bed with her arms round bended knees.  Her hair was tousled, but her eyes were bright with curiosity.
Robin told her what he had overheard, and they decided that they would have to keep an even closer watch on the strangers now.
“We’ll say we are going down to the harbour", said Robin. "That way they will think that we are well away from them, but we will follow wherever they go.  We will have to be very careful that we are not seen, but there are lots of hedges that we can hide behind.  Perhaps if we can get close enough, we might be able to overhear what they are saying".
"I suppose you are right". replied Robina doubtfully, knowing as she did her brother's ability  to get into trouble wherever he went.
"At least we will have the medallion if things go badly wrong, and we can call Rhes to help us".
"Come on now", said Robina. "I'll see you downstairs for breakfast.
During breakfast, Lofty and Shorty laughed and joked as if they hadn't a care in the world.  The twins had a hard time believing that they had heard the strangers plotting some crime, and that they had really seen the gun lying on the bed.
Lofty asked Auntie Amy if they could have some sandwiches to take out with them, as they expected to be away for some time.
"What about you two?" Mother asked the twins. "What are you doing today?"
"We'll be down at the harbour, or on the beach until the tide comes in enough to float the SANNOX." replied Robin, with a straight face, even though he knew he was telling a lie.
He had to make the strangers think that they would not be any where near the cliff tops, watching what was going on later in the day.  He was sorry about telling a fib, because that was something he never did, especially to his mother, but this time he felt he had to.
The strangers collected their lunch packs from the kitchen, and with a wave and a cheery 'See you later', off they went down the path.
"Sooner, rather than later." muttered Robin so that only Robina could hear.
When the strangers had  started their car, and driven off, Robin and Robina also said goodbye, grabbed their bikes, and set off in pursuit of their target.  They knew where the strangers would park, and as they were well ahead, it was not necessary to take too much care.  They had also memorised the car number.  Sure enough, when they pedaled carefully up to the last corner and peered round, there was the car, but its occupants were nowhere in sight.
They hid their bikes, passed the gate into a field, and set out along beside the high hedges, and at the top crept along , well hidden, until they saw the strangers who had settled down to wait.  The twins managed to crawl along in the long grass beside the hedge, until they were opposite Lofty and Shorty.
"Call the boss, and tell him we're in position" ordered Lofty, and seconds later the twins heard the radio click on.
"Come in Number 1.Come in Number 1.
"Number 1 here” Came the immediate reply. "We're in position now. The time is 10 minutes to 12. The ship should be in sight soon".
"Right. Report the ship in sight and I'll call the birds".
"What birds is he talking about?" whispered Robina.  
"I don't know" replied Robin also whispering, "But we'll soon know".
The minutes dragged by, until Shorty said,   "There she is.  Look through the telescope, and you can see the name quite clearly."
"You're right said Lofty after a pause while he checked with the telescope.  "Call the boss, and tell him to get the birds into the air".
"She's in sight now." said Shorty into the radio,.  "Right" came the reply. "The birds are on their way."
Again time dragged on, until the twins heard a faint buzzing.  Soon it got louder, and the twins risked a look through the top branches of the hedge.  There, in a line were the hang gliders, coming towards them.  The twins carefully eased themselves into the hedge so that they couldn't be seen from the air.  The gliders passed overhead,  and the leader swooped down and flew low over the strangers,  Lofty stood with his arm pointing straight out to sea as though he was a signpost for the gliders to follow.
This was true, for the other pilots lined up, looking just like a flight of geese, and flew out to sea, following the leader until they were lost from sight.
"They'll be about an hour". said Lofty, "Time for us to have our lunch."
Robin crept away back down the hedge, beckoning for Robina to follow him.  When they were some distance away Robin said.
"We can't be seen or heard here.  No wonder they said they were bird watchers.   They meant hang gliders, not proper birds."
"Yes" agreed Robina, "But what are they doing now?"
"I don't know yet," said Robin. "But we'll soon find out.  They must be meeting the ship out there.  Perhaps they are smugglers, like in the old days.  Maybe they'll land a cargo of Brandy or Whisky, and creep through Port Erin in the dead of night on the way to Douglas to sell their booty".
They chattered on, each trying to outdo the other with wild ideas, until Robin glanced at his watch and said.
"Come on now, be serious. The hour has passed, and it's time for us to get back and watch. They crept back, and when they gently opened a small gap in the branches, they saw a small ship, close in, with all the hang gliders bunched together on the deck, looking for all the world like some colourful flower.
Just then they heard Lofty say.
"Come on. Time to meet the birds".
They stood up, and walked past, so close that the twins could have reached out and touched them, but Lofty and Shorty never looked from side to side, or even back.  Soon they vanished down a steep path to the rocks far below. The twins followed carefully, until they were hidden behind a large gorse bush, but could see through it, to where the path met the  rocks far below.
As they watched, the ship came in and stopped almost touching  the rocks.  Lofty and Shorty caught ropes thrown to them from the ship, and tied them securely to rocks that looked as if they had been made for the job. A gangway was lowered from the ship, and Lofty and Shorty disappeard  on board.
Time passed, and then the pilots came out and pulled a big net from a nearby cave, and spread it out over the ship.  The net had patches of grass twined in it, and here and there were pieces of what looked like cardboard painted to resemble rocks.  When it was finished, the ship had vanished.  The twins could hardly believe their eyes.
"Golly". They breathed together. "Perhaps they are smugglers after all."
"Whoops, let's go." said Robin, as he saw Lofty and Shorty start to climb the path up the cliff.  They backed away quickly, and as they went away, they tried to make sense of what they had seen.
"This is silly." puffed Robina, who was getting a bit out of breath, as they were almost running. "Who would want to park a boat in that bay, and go to the trouble of hiding a net in a cave, and then hide a boat, when all you have to do is sail into our harbour like anyone else.  Unless they are criminals".
"That's what we have to find out." panted Robin. "We're safely out of sight now, and if we do meet them we can say we have come from the harbour".
And so saying, he slowed to a walk.  They collected their bikes and pedalled thoughtfully home.
Lofty and Shorty returned to the house just before tea.  During the meal they both looked very excited.  The twins were still a bit glum.
"What's up?" asked Lofty.  "You two look as if you've lost a pound and found a penny".
"It's nothing, really". replied Robina, "We" she started to say, but Robin kicked her none too gently under the table.

CHAPTER 7   

  PAY UP, OR ELSE.

Just as teatime was over and everyone was leaving the table, the clock on the wall struck six.  Lofty asked Auntie Amy if he could switch on the television, as he would like to see the news.
"Of course". replied Amy. "We all like to keep up with what's going on in the world."
So saying, she switched the television on, just in time to hear the announcer say.
"Here is the news".
Just then another man appeared on the screen, and put a paper on the announcer's desk.  He picked it up, glanced at it, then said
"This is a special news flash.  A small cargo boat has gone missing. It was sailing from London to Barrow in Furness.  It has not arrived at its destination and no trace if it has been found.  It did not send any distress messages.  The ship is called 'WHIRLWIND'. It was carrying spare parts for nuclear submarines. Wait a moment."
As he spoke, another piece of paper was put in front of him.  He read it through, and then, looking very grave, said.
"This message has been given to us, and it says that the ship has been hijacked, and we have a demand for
ten million pounds for its safe return. The terrorists, whoever they are also say that they have a weapon that controls minds within a 20 miles range, so nobody can approach them.  They say it will be switched on if any action is taken against them.  The ransom must be paid within two days.   Details of how it is to be paid will follow.  Please do not panic, we will keep you informed with any further developments as they come in"
As his voice droned on, Robin nudged Robina, and then went out. Robina followed, and when they were alone in the garden Robin said.
"I bet that the ship we saw hidden in the cove is the one that has been hijacked".
"How can we be sure?" asked Robina, worried that they could make a terrible mistake, and cause the device to be switched on.
"We'll go tonight when it's dark, and its bound to have a name painted on it. If it is the ship, we can call Rhes on the medallion, and he can save the people." replied Robin.
Just as they returned to the house, they heard Lofty tell Amy that they were going out, and would be late back.  After they had gone, the twins watched television until it was dark.
With a yawn and a stretch, Robin pretended that he was tired, and told Mother that he was going to bed.  Robina waited a  few moments, then followed.  As she went up stairs the telephone rang, she heard the murmur  of voices, and as she heard the phone being put down. Mother called up to say that she and Amy were just going down the road to see a friend who needed help with some curtains she was making, and they would be back later.
No sooner had the door shut, than the twins were on the landing.
"What a wonderful opportunity" said Robin, "We can go to the cove, check on the ship's name, and be back before Mother and Amy come home."
They grabbed torches, jumped onto their bikes and tore off to the cliffs over the cove. When they reached the path down to the ship, they could show no lights, because there might be a look out, so they picked their way very carefully down the steep path, stopping when a cloud covered the moon, knowing that a slip would send them over the edge to a certain death on the rocks far beneath their feet.
After a time that seemed an age, but was only a few moments, the twins reached the bottom of the path, and stood safely on the rocks, and in front of them loomed the black shape of the ship.  The netting hung from the masts, looking large in the moonlight.  Robin whispered that he would look for the name on one end, while Robina looked on the other. That way they would save precious time.  Robina nodded, and then suggested that they meet again in five minutes, at the same place.
Robina walked slowly along with just a flash of her torch now and then, between her fingers, to show her the way.  She found the end of the netting, and lifted it up.  Inside the net she saw the ship's side, and as she shone her torch up. The name was not quite in view.  She was just about to step back to where she could read it, when a hard hand came from behind her and grabbed the torch. Another hand fastened across her mouth.  She tried to scream, but couldn't make a sound.
"What have we here?" asked a harsh voice from behind her.
Without being given a chance to say anything, she was dragged along the rocks to the gangway that led up to the deck.  How she struggled.  She kicked and tried to get loose, but it was no use.  At last she managed to bite the hand that was over her mouth, and as it was jerked aside, she screamed as loud as she could.  The man holding her let out a curse, and hit her hard on the side of the head.
"That will teach you not to bite". he said angrily as he dragged her to the foot af the gangway.
Robin had heard her scream, and appeared out of the darkness like a wild thing.  He took the man by surprise and had almost got Robina away, when the man grabbed him by the hair.  The noise had alarmed the other villains on the ship, and it only took a few seconds for them to come and help.
The twins were bundled up the gangway and onto the ship, through a door, and into a brightly lit cabin.  Once they were in the room, the door was slammed shut behind them, and they saw that there was no escape.  As they stood there, panting, they saw, sitting in a chair, smoking his pipe,  the older man who had shouted at Charlie at the field where the hang gliders were.
For a moment the twins stared at the villain seated in front of them.  Charlie, the young pilot, moved as if to step forward, but as he did so, footsteps clattered on the deck outside, and the door crashed open.  Charlie stood still, and the twins spun round, alarmed to see Lofty and Shorty step into the cabin.  They were both smiling, and Lofty said.
"Well done, lads, the boss will be pleased".
His voice trailed off as he saw the twins,
"What are these two doing here?" he demanded.
"Do you know them?" asked the older man.
"Yes." replied Lofty,  " We are staying at their house".
"So you could be recognised later". mused the older man.  "Well", he continued, nodding to two of the others, "Take them away and lock them up near the rest of the captured crew, but separate from them.  I'll have to talk to REX, our boss.  He'll have to decide what to do".
Charlie stepped forward as if to help take the twins away, but the older man snarled.
"Not you. Charlie. You were too friendly back at the practice field, and I don't trust you".
Charlie stepped back without a word, and turned away as the twins were dragged out of the cabin.  They were marched along a corridor, and pushed into a small storeroom.  
The door slammed shut, and the twins heard the key turn in the lock. They then heard footsteps going back along the corridor, and soon all was quiet.
"Call Rhes now". sniffed Robina, with tears trickling down her cheeks.
"It's done". replied Robin, as the bell chimed, and the medallion glowed.  "I'm sure Rhes will come as fast as he can.  He'll be here soon and rescue us".
He tried to speak confidently, to cheer Robina up, but deep down inside, he was terrible afraid.  He now knew that they were up against six villains, Lofty and Shorty, and the leader REX,  whoever he might be, who was somewhere on the Island.  That made nine of them against Rhes.
What chance would he have

  CHAPTER 8

  THE RESCUE GOES WRONG.

  After spending the first few days with the twins, whilst they all got to know their way around, Rhes decided that it was time for him to set off and explore things for himself.  He had seen so many strange things that did not exist on his home planet.  He remembered how cold his world had become, as the sun became weaker and weaker. He remembered how the ice all around had only just melted in the middle of the day, and how it got thicker and thicker all winter long.  He had accepted the fact that would not be able to return home, so he had become more and more interested in everything around him.
He really enjoyed the feel of the hot sun on his skin.  He had taken off his cloak, and because it was so thin, and  folded up so small,  it went into a pocket without a lump in sight. Even his one-piece suit did not look out of place among the other holidaymakers.  In fact, some rather envious glances were passed his way.  He had been able to buy some books about the birds and flowers, and he spent most of time just finding out the names of everything he saw.
He had his food concentrates, and was able to drink from the streams he came to.
He was slowly journeying home, and had walked from Port St Mary around the coastal path to the Calf Sound.  Striking inland, he had ended up at the Druids Circle.
It was so quiet there, the only sound the sighing of the breeze that eased its way through the heather.
He sat with his back to the railings that surrounded the stones, and watched as the sun slowly sank behind distant clouds, and briefly showed the purple outline of the Irish hills.  The sky turned from blue to pink. Shades of red and yellow streaked the tops of the clouds. A wide swathe of glittering water along the sun's path gleamed silver and gold, then a deeper blue asserted itself in the sky, moving to indigo, and then darkness, with just the after glow dimming to black. 
Rhes sat, hardly breathing, until the whole sunset was finished.  He had never seen anything so beautiful, and with his back against the warm rails he gently fell asleep.  His suit kept him warm, and as he drifted off, he wondered how the twins were getting on.  They would probably be tucked up in bed, without a care in the world, he thought.
When his medallion chimed, he half awoke, and thinking that he was back in the spaceship, he reached out a hand to turn off his alarm clock.  It was only when he grabbed hold of a nearby thistle, and it pricked him, that he came fully awake, realised that it was still dark, and it was the medallion that had woken him.
"Perhaps I should have stayed with the twins after all". he said to himself.  "What can have happened to make them call me in the middle of the night?"
It had stayed a clear and cloudless night, and a full moon cast a silvery light all round, throwing weird shadows from the rocks.  It flashed briefly through his mind that all it needed here was a few elves and goblins to make this place magic.
But there was a serious job to be done, and putting such thoughts firmly out of his mind, he reached into a pocket, and took out what looked like a wristwatch.  He strapped it on, and held it front of his face.  It was just like the device he had used to control the fly, but this time, when he switched it on, a green arrow lit, and swung to point away to his right, towards the other medallion that Robin held.
Off he trotted, the arrow always leading him on. Gradually it led him back down the steep hill to Port Erin, along through the town, up past Bradda Glen, and on towards the cliffs.  He scrambled on, through the hedges, his hands and face often being scratched by the brambles that lay in wait.
Eventually he cleared them, and staggered along the cliff path.  As he ran he could see waves sparkling in the moonlight, breaking one after another on the jagged rocks far below.
"This is no place for a fall." He thought, and then,  "What are the twins doing here?"  As he had not heard about the hijack, he could not imagine what had happened.
Soon he came to the end of the cliffs, and stared around.  Was this the place?  He could see nothing unusual.  Not a glimmer of light except the moon. No trace of light showed far below on the hidden ship. All the doors and portholes were tightly shuttered.
On his watch scanner, the needle still pointed down, After searching around for a while, he found the path.
Slowly he made his way down.  It was only when he reached the bottom and stood on the rocks that he saw the netting, which hid the ship.  He lifted the edge, and saw the steel side rising in front of him.  The arrow pointed directly at it.
"They must be on board." he thought, as he put the scanner away.  Carefully he climbed up the gangway, and crept along the dark deck until he came to a door with a passage leading into the ship.  There were cabins on either side, but when he pressed his ear to each one in turn, not a sound could he hear, until, as he approached the last one, he heard the whisper of voices. On he crept, until in the dim light he saw a small flight of steps.
'This must lead up to the Captain's cabin'. he thought, as he went up one step at a time.  As he trod on the top step, it creaked.  He stood there, one foot raised in the air, holding his breath, listening.
Nothing.
No, there was no sound whatsoever.  On he went.  He put his hand on the doorknob, turned and pushed.  As the door started to open, another door on his left crashed open.  A glaring light flashed out, blinding Rhes as he turned.  A heavy body charged into him, and he fell headlong through the door he was about to enter.
He felt a heavy blow on the back of his head, and saw a million brightly coloured stars whirl away in front of his eyes, as he slumped into darkness.
He woke with a pounding headache, to find that he could not move. Carefully he opened one eye.  As he did so, a bucketful of cold water soaked him, and a voice said.
"Aha!  Waking up are you?  Good.  That water should help."
He looked up, and found that he was sitting, tied securely in a chair, facing a desk.  There, sitting behind the desk was a man.  Rhes could not see properly, as the desk lamp was shining straight into his face, and everything behind was in deep shadow.
He was sure there were more people behind him, but when he tried to move his head, a pair of hard hands grabbed his ears and kept him looking at the light.
"Who are you?" Growled a deep voice from behind the desk.
Rhes said nothing.  What could he say. These people were certainly criminals, and they would not believe him anyway.
After a long pause. "OK then.  Fetch those kids.  If he sees them being hurt, he'll talk fast enough".  Rhes struggled in his ropes, but they were well tied, and there was no slack in them.  Voices behind him laughed as he tried to get free.
Without warning the walkie-talkie on the table crackled into life.
"Number 1Number 1. This is REX".

  CHAPTER 9

REX TAKES CHARGE.

At the sound of Rex's voice from the radio, everyone stood still, as if they had been suddenly frozen.
"Yes boss, we are all here." replied the older man.  His voice shook slightly as though he was afraid.
"I'll be with you in 5 minutes." snarled Rex.
The seconds ticked by.  Each one seemed like a minute, and each minute like an hour, but all too soon heavy footsteps clattered on the deck.  As the door handle turned, all eyes were drawn to it, like metal to a magnet.  Even Rhes looked as well, now that his ears had been freed from the hands that held them.
The door opened, and a giant of a man stepped through.  He was so tall that he had to duck his head to come in, and turn sideways because he was so broad.  His hair was long, his face was covered with a bushy moustache, and a full beard.  He stood in the doorway, and his eyes swept over the crowded room.  His eyes seemed to burn with an inner fire, and as he looked from one another, they were unable to hold his gaze, and soon dropped their eyes to the floor.
The older man then jumped to his feet, and held the chair for Rex to sit in.  Without a word Rex sat down, and after putting his huge hands on the desk, fingers loosely clasped together, leaned forward, and just stared at Rhes.
Rhes tried to stare back, as though he wasn't afraid, even though deep down he was terrified, and could feel the evil coming from this man.
Eventually Rex said.
"Who are you?"
"Your men have kidnapped my friends." replied Rhes, not answering the question, "And I demand that you release them now!  I don't know what you are up to, but if you harm one hair on their heads,. I’ll destroy you."
Rex's eyes still stared.  They widened until the whole dark centre was surrounded by the white outer part,  His fists slowly clenched, and then lifted to smash down on top of the desk.  He leaned forward, and reached out to grab Rhes by the front of his silvery one-piece suit.  As he lifted, both Rhes and the chair came up off the floor.
Suddenly Rex's head went back, and he burst out with a horrible laugh.  He let go of Rhes, who crashed back to the floor. Luckily the chair stayed upright.  
"You're a brave man to talk to me like that" roared Rex, "But if you try that again, I’ll squash you".
His hands moved as though he was wringing out a towel.or a neck.
Rex turned to the others.
"Well; what's going on?" He said, "Tell me now."
"We caught him trying to rescue the two brats". mumbled the older man. The words tumbled out, and soon Rex knew all about the twins, and how they had seen Lofty and Shorty, and could tell the police what had happened.  On and on it went, until the words came slower and slower, and then stopped, just like a run down clock.
Rex sat and though for a while, and then decided what to do.
"Lock this one up with the other two.  Leave the real crew where they are. Take the mind device off the ship.  Take it to Douglas, and hide it  in the tower on Refuge Island, off the pier there. We can operate it by remote control.  I don't want to, because it will give the game away to the police on the mainland, when everything stops over here, so we'll use that as a last resort, until the ransom is paid.  Then we use it, and protected by our special helmets, we will be able to rob all the banks round here.  I have a sale for it after, so this can be a selling point, to prove it works.
So we walk off with ten million pounds, all the money here, a sale for the device, and we can soon build another.
When all is ready, sink the ship with everyone in it.  The water is deep here, and it will never be found.  Dead men tell no tales.  Now get on with it.  I have arrangements to make for the ransom to be paid.".
As he finished speaking, Charlie stepped forward, and said
"I want no part in murder.  When I joined the gang it was agreed that no-one would be hurt".
Rex turned on him, red faced with anger.
"You'll do as I say, or would you rather end up dead as well?"
Charlie stood head down, while Rex shouted at him.  In the silence that followed, Rex's plans were carried out to the letter.  Rhes was pushed into the small storeroom with the twins, and they could hear the others moving about, until all was quiet.  Up to that moment neither the twins nor Rhes had said a word.  Rhes felt that it would be better not to say too much to the twins and certainly nothing about the ship being sunk with them in it.
He was about to speak when heavy footsteps stopped outside the door.  The key turned, the door opened.  It was Rex.  He stood there smiling
"All is set, my friends.  Nothing can stop me, so do have a pleasant trip.  Give my regards to the devil, or whoever you meet".
The door slammed shut, the key turned.  His cruel laughter grew fainter as he went away down the passage.

  CHAPTER   10

THE TABLES ARE TURNED.

Silence fell, and after a few moments Robin, with a catch in his voice said.
"I can hear water pouring in!"
Sure enough, when they listened, they could hear the gurgle  of water as the ship started to fill.  Rhes jumped to the door and tried to open it.  He soon stepped back when he realised he was no match for a steel door with a large lock.  He looked round the store, and saw a set of small curtains.  He ripped them back, but, to his horror he saw there was only a small porthole.  His head drooped as he realised that there was no escape that way.
The ship gave a lurch, and settled deeper in the water and a trickle of water appeared under the door.  They could hear the faint shouts of the real crew, as they too realised what fate held in store for them.  A slow death by drowning.  Robina gave a choked cry and tried to climb on the table.  Rhes gathered her into his arms, determined not to let her suffer when they sank into the cold black water
Suddenly, Robin shouted.
"I can save us.  I can do it."
Rhes turned to Robin thinking that this nightmare was too much for him.  When he saw the smile on Robin’s face, he realised that Robin had not cracked, but might just have a plan to save them.
"What do you mean, a plan to save us?", said Rhes. "Tell us quickly.  There's not much time". I'm thin and I can squeeze through that porthole" he said. " And when I'm out I'll swim to the rocks, run around and let you all out."
"Great idea" said Rhes, as he put Robina down then attacked the catches that held the porthole shut.  Seconds later he had the porthole open.  Robin went out feet first, head down.  He wriggled his legs until his middle squeezed through, but as his shoulders reached the opening, he stuck.  Rhes pulled him back a bit.
"No I can make it." said Robin "Just hold my arm, while I get the other one through.  This will make me thinner, then let me fall into the water outside."
The ship lurched again, and settled even deeper in the water.  By now the water was swirling into the store, and was up to the tabletop.
With a gasp of pain, as the hard steel edge of the porthole skinned his shoulder, Robin popped out, and hung there supported by Rhes' strong arm.
"Let go".
Rhes opened his hand, and a splash told him that Robin was in the water. When he looked out of the porthole, he saw Robin swimming for the rocks as fast as he could go.
As they stood in the storeroom waiting for 
Robin to let them out, the seconds dragged by, when without warning, the lights flickered, came back on for a few heartbeats, then went out.  The room was plunged into darkness.  Robina gave one terrified shout.  Rhes could see her in the faint moonlight that came in through the opening.
He grabbed Robina’s arm, and pushed her towards the porthole saying.
"Save yourself. Like Robin did".
Robina tried to argue, but Rhes bundled her up to the porthole and pushed her out headfirst.  As the ship was now so low in the water, there was no distance for her to fall.  As she swam for the rocks, she turned and saw Rhes' head framed in the porthole, waving her on. or was it goodbye.
By this time Robin had reached the rocks, and had raced back to the gangway.  It was almost level now, as the ship sank lower in the water.  He ran on board, and raced down to the storeroom.  As he passed the crews cabin, he paused to unlock their door.  He went on, as the crew poured out and rushed for the deck.  When he reached the storeroom door, he found that the key was still in the lock.  Without it they would have been sunk, literally.
The lock clicked undone, and as he pushed to open it, Rhes pulled from the other side.  In the darkness, Robin could hear Rhes thrashing about, and then heard him shout.
"I'm stuck. Get out of here.  The ship is going down.  My belt is caught and I can't get free.  Save yourself!"
"No, I can't leave you".
More water poured down the passage, and Rhes' words were silenced as he was dragged under. The ship lurched again, and tilted down.
A light flickered behind him, and Robin turned to see a figure thrashing through the water towards him, a torch held out.  
"Robin." shouted a voice, "Where is your friend. Is he with you?"
Robin knew at once that the voice belonged to Charlie. How he came to be there he neither knew nor cared.  All he knew was that help was at hand.
"He's been dragged under. His belt caught on something and he just went down".
As Charlie pushed past Robin the torchlight flashed on the glittering edge of a knife. Taking a deep breath Charlie dived into the frothing water and vanished. Robin stared at the patch of light, as it wavered about for what seemed ages, until he was sure Charlie was caught as well.  Air rushing out of the sinking ship made the water swirl about.  Suddenly the light burst out of the water, and the glare showed Charlie with Rhes' limp form slung over one shoulder.  With heaving chest, Charlie gasped for breath.
"Get out.  Get out now. Can't you feel the ship is going fast. I can't rescue both of you".
By now the ship was tilting down, and sliding slowly beneath the water.  Robin had a terrible time struggling up the sloping passage, and couldn't bear to think about the fight Charlie was having as he carried Rhes' limp body to safety.
When they reached the open deck, the ship was almost gone, and all they had to do was float off as the ship slid away away down, down into the deep cold water.
Luckily the last bubbles of air escaping from the ship kept them clear of the suction, and they were able to reach the rocks.  Robina was waiting on the rocks. She was shivering with cold and fright.  They dragged Rhes out of the water, and Charlie said.
"Try and get him warmed.  I must see if all the other crewmen are alright.
The twins rubbed Rhes' arms and hands; the exercise helping to warm them as well as Rhes. They were rewarded by seeing Rhes' eyes flicker open. 
"You saved me."  said Rhes.  "I thought I was a goner that time. All I could feel was the water closing over me, then nothing until I wake up and find you two over me, looking like a pair of drowned rats.  Mind you I can't think of a nicer pair than you two".
"Shut up." cried Robina. "We did nothing, It was Charlie".
Rhes looked at them.
"That's right." echoed Robin.  "He came back.  He said he would have nothing to do with murder, and now he's proved it.  He can't be so bad after all".
As they talked and waited, they heard voices and footsteps coming along the rocks, headed by Charlie. Tiredly, they all climbed the winding path up the steep cliff, and staggered along the path back to Port Erin.
Lights were blazing all over.   People had heard what had happened, and had come to see what help they could give.  When the long row of dripping people staggered into town,  they were dragged into the Library; it  being the largest place nearby.  Blankets appeared then hot soup.  Mugs of hot tea were handed round, until every one that needed help was cared for.  Rhes had by now recovered, and he saw Charlie slipping away into the night.
"Where do think you are going?" He said, as he laid a friendly hand on Charlie's arm.
"I must contact the police.  I know where the device is hidden, and I know where the hide-out is".
Mother and Auntie Amy collected the twins, and  took them home for  hot baths.
The police arrived, and Charlie had to face them by himself.  He told them where the device was,  all about the others, and most importantly of all, about Rex.  He told where the hideout was.
As the twins were settling down to sleep, Mother said that after she and Amy had returned from their friends house , she had looked in to see if everything  was alright , but had found to her horror two empty beds.  In her panic, she had raised the alarm, and a search had been started.  They had all been searching until the line of dripping figures had appeared in the town lights.
Sleep took the twins as soon as their heads touched the pillows, and while they slept, plans were being laid to catch the villains who thought themselves safe, thinking that the sinking ship had taken all the evidence to a watery grave.

  CHAPTER 11

JUSTICE.    REX GETS HIS DESERTS.

During the night,  as soon as the ship had started to sink, Rex and the gang had left.  Lofty and Shorty had driven to Douglas, to set the device in place.  The others had drifted away in their cars by back roads, to meet again at the hideout, which was in a rented house by the harbour in Castletown.  Charlie had not been missed when they all departed from the ship, and it was only when they were all together again, waiting for Lofty and Shorty,  that his absence  was noticed.
"He'll be here soon." rumbled Rex.  "He will if he knows what’s good for him.  He knows what happens to people who try to run away".
"Perhaps he's gone to the police". suggested the older man.
"Never." said Rex, and that was where he made his big mistake.  He thought that all his men were so frightened of him that they would never turn against him.  He turned back to the table, and started to give instructions to the gang for collecting the ransom in the morning.
Charlie had told the police everything, and had volunteered to return to the hide out with a small radio wired to him so that the police could hear everything that was said. Charlie could also give a signal at the best time for the police to attack the hide out.
Rhes, waiting nearby had also been listening.  He had slipped a radio bug into Charlie’s jacket top pocket, and  so had learned where the hideout was.  He had made good time to Castletown on Robin's bike, borrowed  silently from the house.  He had put his cloak of invisibility on, and stood waiting for the police to go in.
Later as Charlie entered the hideout, he was grabbed by the others, and marched in front of Rex.
"I'm sorry I'm late ." he said with a sheepish smile, "But I got a puncture, and had to change the wheel".
"Go and check it." Rex snarled to one of the gang, who shot out to do as he was told.
Charlie had driven his knife into a tyre, to provide just such evidence to back up his story.
"Its flat OK." said the man, on his return, and  Charlie stood with his hands outstretched, covered with dirt and oil, as further proof, if that was needed.
The police were listening to Charlie and all the others talking, and they heard Rex order the gang to get as much sleep as possible.  They waited, and waited for Charlie to give the signal
"Now." whispered Charlie, and the police slowly moved forward and surrounded the hide out.  Guns ready fingers on triggers.
Rhes had been listening to the talk.  He had been so upset that he had not been able rescue the twins, that he was now determined to make sure that nothing went wrong with the arrests.
When he heard the order to move in, he went running fast toward the house.  He arrived just as  the  Police Chief picked up his loud hailer, and  called out to the villains to surrender.
The answer was a smash of glass, and the crash of gunfire as the villains tried to shoot their way out.
"Trigger the device, and get us out of here", shouted one of the gang, but Rex snarled that he couldn't, because the protective helmets were in the cars, and they would be as mindless as everyone else.
Tear gas canisters shattered more windows, and it was not long before the first of the villains stumbled out, tears streaming from his eyes, and his body heaving with coughs and sneezes.  He was seized by the police, handcuffed, and led away.
One by one they came out.
Two, three , four, five, six, seven but where were the last two?  Rex, and Charlie.
Rhes had seen the seven come out, and suddenly thought that Rex must be escaping by some hidden exit.  Round to the side of the building he ran, and from another pocket took a pair of glasses.  With them on, he could see everything as bright as day.  He looked around, and after a while saw a manhole cover slowly rising. It slid back, and Rhes could easily see the massive shape of Rex climbing out.
"Here goes." said Rhes to himself, remembering how frightened he had been on the ship when Rex had nearly killed him.  "I must try to catch him".
As he ran, head down towards Rex, he saw the evil face turn towards him.  A puzzled look came over it, and Rhes realised that Rex couldn't see him.  Even so, the barrel of a gun swung round to point at the sound of running feet.
"I can't make it before he fires". Thought Rhes, and waited for the gun to fire, and the bullet to tear into him.
A split second before the gun fired, he saw Rex fall back into the hole.  The gun fired, and the bullet whistled past, just touching his ear.  Rex seemed to be struggling with something down the hole.  Again a shot crashed out.  Rex was trying to shoot at something below him.  Rhes skidded up to the hole, and without stopping to think, lifted the cover, and crashed it down on Rex's head. Rex went flat, but as he did, his flailing arm caught in the cloak and tore it off, leaving Rhes in full view.
He caught Rex by the scruff of the neck, and heaved him onto the pavement. Seconds later he had tied Rex's hands. 
"Just let him try to get out of that." he chuckled.
A groan from below made him jump.  He looked over the edge, and there was Charlie.
He was sitting there, holding his arm, with some blood seeping out between his fingers.  Police sirens sounded close.  No time to loose.  He pulled Charlie up as well, and put his hand on Rex's collar, and said.
"Remember, Charlie, you saved my life on the ship, now I'll rescue you.  Tell them you caught Rex, and perhaps you won't go to prison."
Off he ran, and just managed to climb over a wall and duck out of sight before the police came pounding up.
At the trial, Charlie was the hero.  The villains were sentenced to prison for a very long time, especially Rex. As he was being taken to the cells, he looked straight at Charlie and the twins.
"There isn't a prison made that can hold me for long.  I'll escape, and be back to get you.  You'll never know when.  That goes for you two kids as well".
He was taken to the dungeons in the castle, as this seemed to be the safest place, and securely locked in.
Charlie was told that he should go to prison, even though he had helped to capture the gang, and Rex in particular, unless someone would guarantee to the court that he would behave himself.  Mother,  and Amy, with the twins at the front, jumped up as one and shouted
"We will.".
Mother said that she would get Uncle Josh to give him a job helping on his boat, and he would live in the village, where everyone could keep an eye on him.
What a party there was that night at Amy's.  Charlie was almost overcome with happiness now that he had real friends, a job, and somewhere to live.  No more living from hand to mouth, as he had been doing for years.
As he looked around, he saw a smiling face at the window, and there was Rhes, smiling at him.  A hand came up, the fingers tight shut and the thumb up.  A slow wink, and a nod, then Rhes vanished from sight.
That night, as Robin and Robina were getting ready for bed, Robin said .
"What an adventure.  I'm so glad it's over, thanks to Rhes."
"Yes", agreed Robina, "but what about Rex?"
"He's going to be in prison for years". replied Robin.
"I hope he stays there". they all said together, laughing.
Far away in a deep cell, Rex sat on the hard bed, planning,  planning.  Thinking about the terrible revenge he would have one day on Charlie and the twins.  If only he could escape

  CHAPTER 12.

ESCAPE.

It was dark in the cell.  Rex could see the grey walls, dimly illuminated by the light of a fitful moon, shining in through the small barred window.  He lay on the bed, and relaxed completely.  His mind became very calm, as he put himself into a trance.  He was gathering all his massive strength.
He had seen the prison staff going home at the end of the day, and he knew that this left only the night warders in the prison.  All was quiet. The other prisoners were asleep, and even the guard at the end of the corridor was nodding over a book.  Far away he could hear the sound of a distant dog, as it howled at the moon flitting between hazy clouds.
He smiled as he felt the power in his body growing.  He felt the strength flowing into his arms.  When he he stood up, he felt as though he was as light as air. Walking to the bars of his cell, which reached from floor to ceiling, he looked along the corridor.  By now the warder was fast asleep, and his book had slipped to the floor.
Rex's massive hands gripped the bars, and he gradually increased the pressure to pull them apart.  At first nothing seemed to happen, but soon the bars started to move. They had been set there many many years ago, and the cement had become brittle.  Sweat formed on his face, until drops ran down and were lost in his beard.  His eyes closed with the effort he was making, and he had to bite his lip, as  the pain came into his straining muscles.
Eventually he could feel the bars parting enough to let his huge body squeeze through.  With a gasp, he  let go of the bars, and stood there shaking with reaction.  There had been no noise, and the warder slept on.  Rex slid one foot through the gap, eased his body in, and stuck.  He struggled and writhed until he slid through, then silently lifted his other foot through the gap.
So far so good.  He crept on noiseless feet.  His shoes now in his hand.  Still the warder slept.  A massive hand reached out, and the fingers covered his nose and mouth. As the fingers closed, the warder’s eyes popped open, but no sound escaped.  Seconds later the warder passed out.  He was gagged with his own handkerchief, tied in place with his tie.  He was securely trussed up with his belt, and left lying huddled in a corner, as Rex took the keys from the desk.  He laughed inside, because he knew that the jail was now easy to escape from.  He picked three pairs of handcuffs from a rack, and put them in his pocket.  His plans were laid.
Just a few steps to the main door, open it a crack and look outside, all clear, on with his shoes, and away into the night.
'Now to get those brats.'  he thought.  Revenge filled his mind.  In fact that was all he was thinking about, as he rounded a corner, and walked straight into someone coming the other way.  This was no way to be caught, and so he jabbed with a huge fist into the face of the other person.
Charlie had decided to return to Castletown to make sure that Rex was secure.  He didn't trust the ability of  the police to keep Rex safe.  Alas for him, he had left it too late  A few minutes earlier, and he would have been able to raise the alarm as Rex escaped.  But no, it was he who turned the corner and walked straight into Rex's fist.
A pair of cuffs went click click onto Charlie's wrists.  Rex picked him up as though he was a feather, and slung him over a shoulder.   
In the car park, he broke into the warder's car, and soon had it running.  He put Charlie in the passenger seat, and drove quietly off.
Driving carefully, so as not to draw attention, should anyone still be around, he made his way to Port Erin, and down to the harbour.  He had already decided which boat to steal.  A motor boat that would take him across to Ireland, where he could lose himself.  He badly wanted to get the twins as well, but time had run out.  There was only just enough water in the harbour to get the boat out.
He untied the mooring ropes. The engine started first time, and he gently reversed out past the end of the Raglan pier.  Going ahead, he headed out into the bay.  At the end of the breakwater, that old harbour wall that had been smashed to bits by a terrible storm many year before, flashed the warning buoy.  That was to be his starting point, and as he passed it, he changed his mind.  
Rex had enjoyed the thought of dropping Charlie over the side, with an anchor tied to his feet, to send him swiftly down into the black depths, to choke his life away, as water flooded his lungs.  But now, why not wait?  If he went down to the Calf of Man, he could lie up for the hours of daylight, in one of the caves, where no one would look. They would think him long gone, and concentrate the search far out towards Ireland.  The next night would see him safely on his way, like the fox that has eluded the hounds.
Another thought trickled into his mind.  How nice it would be to tie Charlie to a rock, and let the tide come in and slowly do what he had planned.  Yes, he could sit an watch him die.
He turned hard left, and hugged the coastline until the Calf came near.  Turn right, and follow the rocks until he came to the place he needed.  There was moonlight enough to see by.  On the placid water, he eased the boat into the cave until it was completely hidden.
Charlie had recovered from the blow by now, and was looking wide-eyed at Rex, who took great delight in telling him exactly what was going to happen.
"You can shout all you want to.  No one can hear you.  This place is deserted.  Besides I want to hear you, as you die".  Rex gloated.
The water was just washing around the base of a suitable rock.  Another squeeze of Rex's hand and Charlie passed out again, and he woke to find himself spread-eagled against the rock, with his feet in the water. 
  CHAPTER 13.

HAPPY DAYS.PERHAPS.

Robin felt as though he was running through deep soft sand.  His feet were sinking deeper and deeper with each step.  The beach was starting to slope upwards, and he was moving slower and slower.  He could feel the sweat running down his face, and his legs were aching.  Thump. Thump went his beating heart, faster and faster.  He knew that he must not stop, because he was sure that behind him came Rex.  He dared not look over his shoulder.  If he did, and saw Rex's blazing eyes, he knew he would be lost.  He could see a wire fence in front of him, and felt if he could just climb over it to the road beyond, he would be quite safe.  He could hear the rasping breath behind him. Just another step to reach the wire.  His hand went forward and gripped the wire.  He pulled himself up, but the wire seemed to stretch towards him.  He was stopped.  He could not move.  Rex was almost on him.  He heaved on the wire, and as he did, a bell rattled loudly all around.
He awoke with a tremendous jump.  His legs were wrapped up in the duvet.  The top had covered his head, and he could barely move. He was sweating with fright.  He managed to free one arm, reach out, and switch the alarm off.
Lying back in bed, he waited for his racing heart to slow down to normal.
After a moment he sat up, swung his legs over the side of the bed, and walked over to the window.  As he pulled the curtains back, he felt the warm sun on his face.  
He  looked out and saw a bright blue day; just a few errant clouds chased each other majestically across the sky.
All the adventures of the past few days seemed unreal now.  Rex and the gang were safely locked up, waiting to taken to prison on the Mainland.  They were safe.  Charlie was OK, and Rhes. What about Rhes?.
An idea flashed into his mind.  Why not say that Rhes was a visitor to the Island who had been there on a walking holiday, and had been able to help with the capture of the gang.  He would then be able to stay with them.Visible.
His mind raced on with ideas.  Perhaps  Perhaps.
Not wasting a second, he dashed across the landing, pyjamas flapping, and into Robina's room.  She was fast asleep.
"Wake up". he said.   Not exactly shouting, but loud enough to make her open her eyes.  She looked at him sleepily, the murmured.
"Go away.  I want to go back to sleep".
She closed her eyes, but Robin shook her shoulder until she was properly awake.
"OK.  OK. I'm awake now.  What on earth is so important that you have to wake me this early?"
Robin explained his plan for getting Rhes accepted, and after a while she was convinced that the plan would work.
As they were getting dressed, they both had the same idea.  What a lovely day for a sail.  The wind was right the tide was out, but would soon be coming in.
They both arrived at the top of the stairs together, and both shouted
"LET'S GO SAILING".
"Breakfast." came the call from below. "Come and get it".
Mother and Amy agreed that a sail would do the twins a power of good.  They felt that it would take the twins minds off the last few days.
Sandwiches were made and packed as the twins swallowed a hasty meal, then off they went.  Rhes, who had been listening with the robot fly, was waiting by the garden gate. On the way to the harbour, they told him of the plan to get him accepted as a friend.
Inside he felt a tugging of real emotions, as one side of him was sad about not being able to go back to his planet, but on the other, bursting with happiness about being accepted out in the open.  He laughed as he thought about all the new friends he would make.  Also there was just the faintest of chances that a rescue mission might be sent from his own planet.   Maybe.       Maybe.
Down past the Railway Station, where a queue of people were buying their tickets.  The train was ready to go, the engine hissing steam, and a feather of smoke from the black funnel drifting away in the breeze.
On they walked past the shops.  As it was 9 o'clock, the shopkeepers were opening up, and several called a good morning.
Down the hill to the beach, then across the warm sand, soft and dusty that reminded Robin of his recent nightmare, and on to the damp firm sand that had been washed by the last high tide.  When they reached the SANNOX, the water was a few meters off.  They untied the mooring ropes from either end, tied them together as they had been shown, and dropped it on the sand.  After they had done this, they heard hands clapping, and, on looking up, they saw the Harbour Master himself, with a big smile on his face.
"Well done", he remarked. "You'll have a lovely day for a sail".  He leaned on the rail, and watched them as they got ready for sea.  The ropes felt gritty on their hands, and they were left with a light dusting of sand on their palms, which they washed off in a nearby pool.  As they rigged the boat, they explained all the parts to Rhes.  He had never seen a boat like this on his frozen world.  The twins found it ever so funny having to tell him that the  front or sharp end of the boat was called the  Bow, and the blunt end was the Stern.  They had known that ever since they could remember, and it was difficult for them to believe   that Rhes knew nothing about boats.
The mast was set up, and all the ropes and wires attached.  The sails were clipped on, but left loose in the boat.  The rudder was hung on its brackets, and Robin showed Rhes how the Centreboard, a length of plywood, fitted into a slot in the bottom of the boat, to act as a keel to stop being blown sideways down wind.
The wind was blowing directly onto the beach, and Robin said,
"We'll have to tack out."
Robina nodded her agreement,  but Rhes looked rather blank.
"What do you mean. Tack?" he asked.
Robin explained, by drawing on the sand with a stick, how a boat could not sail directly into the wind, but had to sail in a zig-zag way, with the wind first on one side, then the other.  After all this talking, they saw that the water had reached the stern of the boat.  To save time, Robin and Rhes dragged the boat round until it faced out of the harbour.
Robina said. "Whose going to be Captain of this fine ship?"  Robin, seeing the glint in her eyes, replied.
"I'll be Captain on the way out,  but you'll be Captain on the way back.  OK?"
Robina agreed, with a smile at Rhes, then remarked.
"We can't have him in charge all the time.  Can we?".
They climbed into the boat, Robina up in front, to handle the small jib sail, Rhes in the middle for balance, and Robin at  the stern, to do the steering, and to handle the big mainsail.
"Check all the gear. Mr Mate." said Robin, and Robina opened a small locker, and passed out lifejackets, which they put on.  She saw that the flares were there.  The bailer was in position, as were the oars and rowlocks. Finally the anchor, with its rope was ready for use.
Soon the tide was past the boat, and they could feel her trying to move away.
"Not long now." said Robin, and a moment later they were afloat.
"Hoist the jib, Mr Mate." ordered Robin, and Robina pulled the small sail up its wire stay.  Robin pulled it in almost flat,  and the SANNOX glided down the harbour.  Near the end, Robin asked Rhes  to lower the centreboard, while he raised the mainsail.
Quite a few people were watching, and the Harbour Master, who had limped to the end of the pier shouted.
"Well done.  It's nice to see some proper sailing".
Robin almost blushed, but his suntan hid it, so he just waved back.  As they passed the end of the pier, the wind was stronger and the SANNOX heeled over, and sailed much faster.  The gentle lap of the water round the bow changed to a  chatter, and a fleck of spray came over the bow.
"Hey, Captain" shouted Robina.  "Ease off a bit, its wet up here".
Out they sailed across the bay towards the  white rocks  set into the cliffs opposite.  Robin had eased off the mainsail, spilling some wind out of it.  The SANNOX now sailed a little more upright, and Rhes began to smile.  He had been rather worried that the boat would fall over.   
As they neared the rocks Robin explained that they would have to tack.
"Ready about." he called, warning Robina, then, "Lee oh."  He pushed the tiller over, and the SANNOX spun round.  As she passed through the wind, the sails flapped.  Rhes just managed to duck down out of the way as the mainsail came over.  The sails were tightened in again, and  off they went.
"Sorry about that." said Robin, "I should have warned you about that"
"Never mind", replied Rhes, "I'll remember next time."
By now Robin and Robina were really enjoying themselves.
"Lets see how fast she can go". said Robina. "I don't mind getting wet now".
Robin pulled the sails in tight, and the SANNOX lay further over. The crew leaning out to windward to keep her as nearly upright as possible. The speed built up, and soon feathers of spray were flying.  Rhes could see lovely rainbows being made and dying away as the spray rose and fell with each wave.  With each tack, they made their way further down the bay towards the breakwater.  They passed the marker buoy heading towards the Calf of Man, so decided to keep running that way.
A glorious sail later, they were sailing along the steep rocky shore.  Rhes suddenly cupped a hand to his ear, and said
"I heard a shout".
"What." echoed the twins together.  "Out here!"
"Quiet, please".  He asked, and strained to hear, with his super hearing, the faint cry that had alerted him.`Robin eased the sail right out until the SANNOX was barely moving through the water, and little wavelets slapped the hull.  Rhes sat quite still and really listened.  There it was again, a faint cry for help, but where did it come from?   He turned his head from side to side , trying to pick up the direction.
"That rock, over there", he said at last.  "I'm sure that's where its coming from."
"I can't hear anything." said Robin and Robina together.
"Go nearer."  said Rhes , and soon the SANNOX was creeping towards the rock. As they neared, Rhes could make out the cries more clearly, and when he heard the word Rex, his skin went cold.
"It's Charlie." He said. "  Charlie's in trouble with Rex.  He must have escaped, and captured him. Land on this side. We'll be hidden there".
Robin saw a narrow cleft in the rock and went for it.  They dropped the sails, and slid towards the gap.  As they came in, Robin and Robina hung onto the rocks, and Rhes jumped out onto the rock, like a cat. When he reached the top he saw, to his horror, that Charlie was up to his chest in the water, with Rex sitting opposite, watching him, and laughing.
The tide had come in so far, that there was a strip of water between them and Charlie.  Rhes ducked down and whispered what he had seen. "We'll have to try and rescue him or he'll drown". He added, and the twins nodded agreement, even though the thought of tangling with Rex gave them the shudders.  Rhes pulled a slim pencil shaped object from a sleeve pocket, and pressed a clip on the side of it.  A blue white flame licked out of the end.
"He must be tied the rock. This cutter will free him.  You must try to keep Rex off , while I'm doing it."
The three of them took a deep breath, then charged over the rock.  Rhes with his cutter flaring, the twins with an oar each grasped like a spear.  Rex saw them, and leaped up, his face red with anger and amazement. Charlie gave a shout of relief. 
"Look out.  Rex is here."
"We see him." replied Rhes as he jumped into the water.  He ducked under, and felt his way down to the chain that held Charlie.  As his hands touched the chain, he thought 'This is going to take longer than I thought.  I hope the twins can hold Rex off'.
Rex started towards Charlie, but the water slowed him, giving the twins chance to push at him with the ends of the oars.  Sometimes they even managed to push him under, and he would surface blowing wildly, and thrashing about. Rhes had found a link in the chain, and held the flame of the cutter to it.  The water almost boiled and bubbled, but Rhes held on.  He was almost out of breath when the link parted,
"You're free".  He shouted, and they all turned to run back to the SANNOX.  Getting away from Rex was the only thought in their minds.
They all piled into the boat, just as Rex heaved himself onto the top of the rock and looked down at them.  He bent and picked up a large stone, which he held above his head, ready to drop on them.  It would go straight through the bottom of  the boat if he managed to throw it.
Without thinking, Rhes grabbed the nearest thing to hand. He had to throw something.  It was the anchor. Standing up, he hurled it full force at Rex.  It hit him in the stomach. The wind was knocked right out of him, and he dropped the stone. Right onto his head.
The anchor caught in his shirt, and Rhes heaved. Rexs' knees gave way, and he plunged off the face of the rock, into the water.  He surfaced face down, and obviously knocked out.  Quickly Charlie and Rhes pulled him in, like catching a fish.  When he was alongside, they rolled him round and round in the anchor rope, until he was tied solidly from head to foot.  Then they tied him to the side of the boat, outside, in the water, as he was far too big and dangerous to bring in.
"Now let's get back to the harbour." said Rhes.
They pushed off from the rocks, set sail, and slowly made their way back.  Rex came to, and after a brief struggle, gave up, and lay they’re, glaring at them all.  When they were about half way back, a helicopter buzzed past, and they saw the word POLICE painted on the side.
"Quick, a flare." Robin shouted. "They must be looking for Rex."
Robina pulled the locker door open, grabbed a flare, ripped the top off, and held it out at arm's length.  The flare fired, and a second later, with a bang and a flash, a bright smoking light appeared hanging under a parachute,  It slowly drifted down.  The helicopter spun around, and flew low over the water, until it hovered beside them.  Someone was sitting in the doorway, with his feet on the landing skid, peering at them through binoculars.  Robin waved and pointed at Rex trailing in the water.
The man looked closely at them, then said something to the pilot, through his intercom.  As they flew away, the man waved and pointed towards the beach.
As they watched, they saw the helicopter land on the beach not far from the harbour.
"I wish we could go as fast as that". murmured Charlie, "I don't like being this close to Rex."
It took a while to reach the harbour, with Rex dragging in the water, slowing them down, but eventually they made.  Several other boats had come out to escort them, and a crowd of people had gathered on the pier, to watch.    Rex's feet touched the sand first, and as the SANNOX nosed onto the beach, he was lying alongside like a great sausage.  The police arrived and took over.  They soon had Rex securely handcuffed, and locked in the back of a van.  Charlie told them about Rex's attempt to drown him, and  gave them a statement to that effect.  The twins backed him up, and said that it had been chance that had led them to the rescue.
Mother and Amy came down to the beach, and fussed over them.  Eventually the crowd melted away, and the police left with Rex.  All that was left to do was moor the SANNOX in her proper place, put everything neatly away, and walk back to the house
He looked out and saw a bright blue day; just a few errant clouds chased each other majestically across the sky. All the adventures of the past few days seemed unreal now.  Rex and the gang were safely locked up, waiting to be taken to prison on the Mainland.  They were safe.  Charlie was OK, and Rhes. What about Rhes?.
An idea  flashed into his mind.  Why not say that Rhes was  a visitor to the Island who had been there on a walking holiday, and had been able to help with the capture of the gang.  He would then be able to stay with them. Visible.
His mind raced on with ideas.  Perhaps  Perhaps.

  CHAPTER 14

GOING HOME.

The days drifted by.  Rhes and Charlie became very good friends, and were accepted by everyone, just as Robin had planned.  Mother was sure she could find homes for them both.  They went sailing whenever the tides were right, and for long walks along the cliffs and shores when they were not.  By the end of each day they were tired out, and almost fell into bed, asleep before their heads touched the pillows.
One morning Mother handed them a telegram.  It said that Father had been made the Captain of a new ship, and had flown home for a holiday, before taking over command.  The twins were happy that they would soon be seeing him, but sad that they had to leave the beautiful Island.
"Never mind."  said Auntie Amy. "There’s always next year. So cheer up, and remember I'll be here to make you welcome.  Both you and your friends."
Next day, they went down to the harbour and winched the SANNOX back onto the trailer. The Harbour Master came down as they were doing this, and said that he would look after the mooring for them, and it would be ready for the next time they wanted it.  He shook hands with them, and limped back to his house as they drove off.
Back up the concrete ramp they went, along the front, up the hill, past the shops and the Railway Station, to the house.   Bags were packed and stored in the car as they had to be away early in the morning.
Next morning, just after dawn had painted the curtains with light, they came reluctantly down to breakfast, and after stood around not really wanting to get into the car. They had to, however, as the Ferry would not wait.  They hugged Auntie Amy, thanked her once again, and climbed into the car.  It was a bit of a squash this time, with Charlie and Rhes, but they managed it.
Back down the lane they drove, past the terrace of houses, past the church, and away up the road to Douglas. They were silent, each thinking about the past weeks, and all that had happened. They hardly saw the beaches, hills and trees, and then they were into Douglas, and in the queue to board the Ferry.
Their turn came to board, and they parked where the sailor told them.
"This is the same Ferry we came over on " said Robin,  "Let's see if the Captain is on the bridge?"      He was
This time the sea was as smooth as glass.  The Ferry backed out of the harbour and turned to leave the Island.  The twins stayed on the bridge watching until the Island grew fainter as it fell away into the distance.  Soon it was a shadow, low lying, and then it was gone.
"We'll be back". the twins promised each other.
The seagulls were still with them when they passed the lightship at the entrance to the channel that wound its way to the Landing Stage.  All too soon the Ferry was tied up, and they drove off to head back to their own village.
When they arrived Uncle Josh was waiting, as were most of the villagers.  They had heard about the twins' adventures on the radio and TV, and were happy to see them back in one piece.
The house came into view, and as they pulled up, the front door opened, and out came Father.  What a happy meeting that was, and it was well into the night before they had told him everything about their adventurous holiday.
Charlie and Rhes took over two empty cottages, and soon had them spick and span.  They soon lived in the village as if they had been born there.
Father had to go back to sea on his new ship, and the twins had soon to go back to school.  On the last evening of the holidays, Robin and Robina met Charlie and Rhes, and talked over their adventures.  Never again, they hoped, would they have to face Rex. But far away, now in a very secure prison he was plotting and planning his escape.  It would take time, he thought, but he had plenty of that.  Years and years, if necessary, but one day.
*****

About me
I was born in Liverpool UK many years ago and it was when my Grandson demanded stories that I started inventing for him. I did always leave the tale as a Cliff Hanger thus ensuring that he came back for the next instalment. What I did not realise one time, was that my daughter who had been secretly listening to my tales and after the conclusion told me that in her opinion as a B Ed Hons teacher of English that they were, in her opinion of course, better than most of the stuff on the book store shelves, that I should write them down.. So I did. The writing bug has been with me ever since and I now have many short stories, some poetry, and two novels done. This one and a thriller called Double Death which is also here on Smashwords. The third one is called INHERITANCE and is nearly finished. That too will come this way. You can contact me at  drewstwos@yahoo.com You can also visit  porterinproductions.com which is my website where you can see much more about me and my various interests. 
