

Sapphire




Rebecca Hammett








Sapphire
Rebecca Hammett

Published by Rebecca Hammett 
at Smashwords

Copyright 2014 Rebecca Hammett 

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favourite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favourite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support








To my mum and dad, who helped me with the story
and encouraged me along the way.


Prologue

My name is Sapphire Rosanna Burne. I was named Emily after my dear mum, who died two days after my birth, on the eighteenth of November. I was born in Aberdeen, in Scotland, where I intended to stay, but my job prevented that. After I left high school, I tried desperately to get a good job with a steady income. None came. I remember living with Sylvie and Mum and Dad, going out each day at six to do my paper round and again in the late evening. I had a lot of time to do whatever I wanted, but most of it was spent helping Sylvie doing her painting and drawing or running errands for my neighbours, to make sure I didn’t run out of back-up money.
I tried for two months, but no one wanted a teenager to help run their business or do cleaning. Most people teased me mercilessly, saying there was no way I was almost nineteen and I hadn’t finished school yet. No one ever took me seriously, so I had a hard time.
Three months after I left school, I managed to get a well-paid job in a circus. I know it was ludicrous; I was eighteen and yet I actually got a job in an acrobat circus, but at least I had a certain amount of money each week, warm food twice a day and a small breakfast, not to mention my cosy wagon.
The money I saved really came in handy. I had around £80, which helped me pay for my wagon, leaving a little left over. I remember spending it on the warmest stew I ever tasted, savouring every gravy-filled mouthful. I ate and ate with relish, and then trooped back to my new site and had a slap-up meal of boiled potatoes covered in spice, honey-covered carrots, stewed tomatoes and simmering pork. I ate that too, with gusto, and then sleepily settled down for the night.
But life in the circus was hard work when I was eighteen and nineteen. I couldn’t keep up with all the other tumblers in my act. Not being used to acrobatics every day wasn’t a good start. Each day when we warmed up, my legs ached unbearably and my arms hurt horribly, not to mention my back and neck, which cried out in pain.


Chapter 1

“Sapphire, get practising!” Riel ordered, his red face and several chins wobbling disgustingly.
I stepped out into bright lights and a sandy ring, my back aching terribly from lack of sleep, where my acrobat accompanists, Topaz, Gem, Marble, Diamond, Emerald and Rose Quartz stood, carefully bending each other’s backs this way and that before they started their routine. Maximilian, the only boy in our act, stepped out and held out his strong hand to me. I let him arch my back all the way around, and then twisted my wrists too (to prevent me from straining them when I land on them in handstands, cartwheels or flicks).
Rose Quartz, one of the littlest, had got bored of warming up, and started to practise her backward somersaults. She landed sideways sometimes, because she hadn’t yet got used to them, but managed them reasonably well. Her blonde hair cascaded over her honey-coloured shoulders as she practised her complicated routine. Music blared from the black loudspeakers in each corner of the big tent. I watched her twist and leap to the first three lines, and then she vaulted lightly over twice, landing each handspring perfectly.
 About ten minutes later, a shrill bell made us all jump and stop what we were doing. We stood to attention while Riel put us through our paces, making each girl jump with precision on the springboard. We each had to time our flick perfectly, with Maximilian landing first and standing steadily, with Gem landing neatly on his shoulders. Marble flipped through the air agilely, leaping onto Gem’s strong shoulders. Then Emerald and Diamond used the springboard and flew through the air, one at a time, each girl landing like a jigsaw puzzle piece being fitted neatly into place. They all seemed solid, and then Topaz used the trampette (a small trampoline used for taking off on) to leap high onto Emerald’s shoulders. Once there, she stood securely, not wobbling at all. Her arms were outstretched so she could keep her balance without falling off and her head was held high so she could face the audience when performing properly. By now, the human tower was complete. Riel clapped, his ringed sausage fingers flying like the clappers, his beer belly flubbing around enthusiastically.
“Good, my fairies!” he cried, waddling over to us, flushed and excited. “Topaz, that’s a big achievement, and an exciting new showstopper act!”
Topaz smiled and blushed happily, for she couldn’t perform as well as the rest of us.
“Come on! We’ll practise that act, and all our others, before he comes back! He’ll be so pleased,” Diamond whispered, her lovely curly blonde hair glistening in the light, and her shining blue eyes glittering like the sea.
 “Hurry up! We’ll practise the leaping act,” she encouraged again. We obeyed, with Marble and Gem instantly lying down, turning forward rolls, backward rolls and double twists. Diamond ran forward bravely, bouncing from Gem’s feet, leaping high in the air, and then turning two forward somersaults. She landed on her feet, standing calmly on the other side of the human ‘river’. Topaz walked over in a handstand, for she was agile and very light on her hands. I turned a triple forward somersault, pointing my fingers and toes neatly. Emerald took a small run up, did a quick round-off and a backward somersault.
We stood, chattering about the previous act, noticing that it was breakfast time. We collected our ‘pocket’ money (the money we earned performing in the circus) and rushed to put it away in our separate wagons. I shared with Rose Quartz and Diamond, and the other four shared another wagon.
As I ate my small bowl of crunchy cereal, I pondered about what to spend my money on. I’d saved up about £20 now, from all my shows.
Performing in the ring was not my ideal job, but at least I had an income, even if it was a bit small. It felt nice to be free, but here in the circus I had aches and cramps in my back each day, and I couldn’t fall asleep at night for the pain.
Riel was generous with our weekly pay, and gave us tips if we ever performed brilliantly (not often!) and also if we tried a new move. Diamond receives lots of extra tips, because she is daring and light and agile, but also because she’s very pretty and cute and the audience love her. I am still learning, but I have been here about a month and can manage neat somersaults, cartwheels, handstands and any kind of leap or jump, but I am terrified of trying backward somersaults or handsprings.
Our pocket money is always enjoyable to spend, with all of us spending a little on postage stamps, writing paper and envelopes each week. We all had family, apart from Emerald and Gem, and loved to write to them as often as we could. Because I liked to write down my thoughts and feelings, a month ago I’d used up most of my money on a lovely jewelled pen, with blue sapphires and amethysts glowing royally, and a marbled notebook with aquamarine swirls and indigo, with pale lilac and violet at the corners, complete with white froth and a shoal of yellow fish swimming happily. I had remembered not to make my fancy writing too big, so as to fit in as much of my life story as possible.
As Riel called us back into the ring for an hour’s practice before our late morning break at 10.00 a.m. I suddenly turned a brilliant double backward somersault in the air, when the others were practising their various routines, without even the trampette or the board to bounce on. Riel stared at me in amazement; as everyone knows backward somersaults are my biggest phobia. He clapped, and so did the rest of my circus friends.
Little Rose Quartz was beginning her training for flicks today, and she wasn’t too happy about it. Her pale face with its glowing rosy cheeks had turned white, with her pink lips strained in a wan smile. Her blue, sparkling eyes had pooled into silver puddles, lashes stuck together defiantly. She was shivering, and I felt a pang of sorrow for her. I watched her run swiftly up the bouncy running track, hands at her slim sides. At the small springboard, she lifted her arms up and bounced with all her might. I saw her turn a round-off, and watched anxiously, but she failed miserably three times over. Riel looked mildly annoyed, but he gave her a little more support and thicker mats.
I came over to help when she had practised for a little while on her own, but hated seeing her fall. Once she turned a backward somersault, but her arms stuck out strangely and she landed on her knees with a bump. By three o’clock, she had mastered a round-off back tuck (a round-off joined to a backward somersault), which was a small achievement.
Riel made her train the movement thirty times over, and she turned it perfectly each time. Her face was pinker now, and she was smiling from ear to ear.
Before the first show, Sasha, Kate and Mirabel dabbed our faces with red stage make- up and pink blusher and brushed our hair lovingly. Diamond and Rosy (our nickname for Rose Quartz because of her rosy pink cheeks) looked fantastic, their blonde hair swept up in loose ponytails and white lilies tangled in their lovely locks, blue eyes shining prettily and lips tinted a pale pink. When I perform in the ring, I always like looking at the girls in the audience, not dressed in tight leotards or purple tops and black gym shorts. They were always decked out in bright leggings, tight tops, flouncy frocks and pretty pinafores with buttons. Sometimes I wish I was normal …



Chapter 2

Oops! Riel has seen me scribbling in this notebook, and it is my turn next. I must concentrate now, before he tells me off properly.
That was some performance! I am writing this in my bed, at nine o’clock at night, and I am so tired (bedtime is eight, but sometimes half eight). Only a few more minutes.
Anyway, the performance tonight was to a really high standard, with Rosy turning perfect round-off back tucks, and impressing everyone by her usual energy, running around and flipping through the air regularly, even running up the aisle in the middle and curtseying to all the clapping audience.
Riel was very pleased at the end, ordering sponge cake with icing and purple sprinkles. We all ate the delicious frosted cake and drank pink lemonade, which was donated to Rosy and Diamond for their fabulous performance by a rich lady and her snooty daughter.
But it wasn’t tiny Rosy who surprised us the most. It was Emerald and Topaz, who had been secretly practising a new routine with Gem and Marble. We had all been bursting with curiosity, and we were really eager to find out what they had chosen to do. We soon found out!
They had been practising a series of big tumbles and sequences that would link together to various snatches of song, while they changed their actions and moves depending on the type of music they were performing to. If the music was slow and dreamy, they would twirl gracefully or roll steadily. If the music was fast and had an irregular beat, they’d perform flicks and somersaults and handsprings. It was so exciting to watch, because we never knew what would happen next.
So Gem did her first big tumble: two round-offs and a somersault finished off with a triple flick, and she landed well, her legs planted widely apart. Marble used a trampette to bounce her stockier body in a double backward somersault, and she landed the right way around on Gem’s shoulders. Topaz ran up, somersaulted twice, sprang off the springboard, and landed on Marble’s shoulders, on her hands! We gaped at her, thinking that she’d fall. But she happily flicked over back on to her feet, stood there for around ten seconds, and then climbed down, over Marble and Gem. This looked so funny that we would have burst out laughing, but we couldn’t help clapping instead. Another human tower, but so much more interesting!
I felt useless, standing there when someone two years younger could pull that off. Topaz is such a slim, clever, dainty teenager – with exceptional balance and brilliant bravery!
Marble jumped and accidentally landed on the unsuspecting trampette lying there. She was bounced about five feet up into the air, but took charge of the situation and turned a neat side-flip (a flip that is twisted sideways and very hard to perform) that only she could do. We clapped her and she turned beetroot red.
All the other acts were brilliant tonight as well: Amelia, the tightrope walker, managed to turn a neat cartwheel on the tightrope, skipping and dancing across with her usual grace and elegance.
Alex and Rose, the two clowns, were fantastically funny, the crowd laughing uproariously at all their antics and being showered with gingerbread shapes.
Madame Lilia rode each of her beautiful horses (Midnight, a shiny black Shetland; Rosie, a palomino; Moonbeam, a Lipizzaner; Thunderbolt, a powerful black hunter; Chestnut, a brown Welsh Mountain pony; Chocolate, an American Thoroughbred; Maple, a brown Exmoor pony with paler mane and tail; and, finally, Orchard, a brown New Forest pony) while smiling and waving and even throwing rainbow drops wrapped in pink paper to the screaming children.
Even Robbie the Snake Handler had improved his act, with a huge green anaconda slithering around all over his shoulders, three tiny milk snakes being held by three willing volunteers, and an African rock python in a glass cage.
After the show, a small group of girls waited for me, Diamond and little Rosy. We grinned obediently at them, posing in handstands and smiling radiantly for our photo, and then they gave us a small red box each. We thanked them and skipped back to the wagons, opening the boxes with bated breath. I pulled mine open, and then tipped it out over the patchwork quilt.
I stared in excitement – what a thoughtful gift! A bag of green, yellow and orange fizzers was stuffed in a corner, two red oblong wrappers with cola bottles and strawberry laces were put in, a massive bag of toffee popcorn and a gorgeous pink fountain pen, together with ten purple envelopes and ten sheets on lilac patterned paper. We all had the same, but different-coloured stationery, and Rosy had sherbet suckers instead of fizzers, which was a good choice because she loved them.
After we’d tried out our fountain pens, shared the smallest bag of strawberry laces and chatted, we saw a rather odd-looking envelope at the side, which contained three pound coins and a folded piece of paper. On it were a scribbled phone number, address and names: Ellie, Jade and Olivia.
I woke up this morning to a flash of jagged lightning just outside the wagons. I turned over lazily and tried to get back to sleep, but a loud clap of thunder startled me. I reached out and threw a small cushion at Diamond, who was fast asleep, lying on her side. She mumbled in her sleep and shifted restlessly.
BANG! There came an even louder clap of thunder, waking Rosy and scaring me. Diamond fell out of bed with a thump, and immediately woke up too. Rosy giggled, seeing Diamond lying on the hard wooden floor in her pink onesie. Diamond, being her own cheeky carefree self, opened her box again, taking out the bumper bag of popcorn. She ripped it open, and popped some in her mouth saying brightly, “Yummy – food always tastes better when you eat it at night!”
Rosy looked on anxiously, waiting for Riel to appear out of thin air and tell us off. But he didn’t. No one came. It was all deadly silent, apart from the sound of Diamond munching popcorn and the rumbling thunder. Soon, Rosy and I joined in, for we were all hungry. We might have been sitting there crunching popcorn for an hour, maybe a few minutes, maybe two hours. Suddenly, I saw an angry white face at the wagon window. My jaw dropped open. I stared, too scared to even scream. He saw me looking and scarpered, but I still watched, transfixed. Diamond seemed to have seen it too; her face went ghostly white and she shivered all over.
“Arrghhhhhh!” screamed Rose Quartz. We all knew why.
A man was in our wagon, standing there. It wasn’t Riel or the other tumblers, it wasn’t Robbie, it wasn’t Madame Lilia. Oh no. It was someone much, much scarier.
He stood there, eyes glittering, teeth gleaming, knife glistening. We all screamed this time. And there was no mistaking it. He was real.

Chapter 3

I woke up … without Diamond and Rosy! Where were they? As I remembered last night’s happenings, as I saw the man again, I screamed. I pictured him, standing over us, face in the window. I screamed again. Riel walked over, glaring.
“Shut up! Kindly be quiet when you’re in my wagon!”
I sat up quickly, straining to see. Rosy was sleeping fitfully in the corner of the room, on a mattress. Diamond was about two metres away, staring sadly into space. Her mouth was open. No sound came out. Poor Diamond, screaming silently into empty air.
I felt like I wanted to scream too. I was really scared. I’d never felt like this before. Another man pottered over, but this time an anxious, kindly one with nerdy glasses. He wore a white coat with blue lining and straps and buttons. He carried a big black case.
“Hello, Sapphire. I … I heard you had a problem last night?” he asked, looking at me nervously. I pictured all the happenings, explaining it all in vivid detail.
“A s-s-scary man … with – with a knife … He looked in at the window … he was in the wagon. There was a thunderstorm, and we were all a-a-awake,” I replied, stammering and stuttering like a complete fool.
He nodded, and scribbled something down in his folder. I knew he was a doctor by now.
After a whole lot of boring questions that I couldn’t answer to save my life, he left me alone and walked worriedly away. I lay down, covering my throbbing head with a soft pillow. It felt cold and comforting, and I relaxed a little. Diamond and Rose Quartz were now awake, lying motionlessly or sobbing. As little Diamond started to sob again, I whispered across to her, “Hey, Diamond – don’t worry, little star. You’ll be fine, just wait and see.” I hoped my words would be enough, and Diamond smiled, but in five or ten minutes she was howling under her three pillows, trying hard to muffle her pitiful sounds.
Soon, Rosy was crying. She had obviously had very, very scary nightmares because she went to sleep calmly and woke up sobbing and shaking in a terrible state.
In about an hour, two slim figures slipped through the door. Who was it? My tumbling sisters! Emerald ran across to Diamond’s bed, looking worried. Her pale face was even paler than normal, her lips standing out strangely. Her long, mousy brown hair was unwashed and tangled, just like Gem’s. Gem had a long bob, but it was very thick, and took rather a lot of time and attention when it came to washing it. Gem hated it. But now she didn’t care, rushing straight to little Rosy’s bed and feeling her forehead, listening to her pulse. She acted just like a little doctor, and Topaz laughed at her.
“Honestly, Gem, you don’t half look stupid!” she remarked, raising her neat eyebrows. Her hair flew out in a wavy ginger halo, making her look oddly angelic.
“Hey – where’s Marble?” I asked after a while, peering nervously at the door. “I don’t see her.”
“Oh, Marble’s just slipped off to town for a bit. I’m sure she will be back soon. You know what she’s like.” Emerald practically spat the words out.
I was puzzled by this latest remark, as Emerald was timid and easy-going, not usually speaking badly of others. Her eyes looked red and sore, and she ducked her head awkwardly. I wondered if they had fallen out, although it was an unspoken rule that we always stuck together and never fought each other, even if it was only fooling.
My questions were answered as Topaz whispered, “They had an argument. Marble had said something to Gem about Emerald, and they both burst out laughing. They kept on looking at her and giggling for absolutely ages. Emerald exploded with anger, and hit Marble on the face. It was an accident, although neither of the two believed her and ran away. Emerald shouted after her, ‘Come back, you stupid silly cowards’, but they took no notice. Now they’re not speaking.” She glanced at Gem, who had her back turned to Emerald, who kept glaring and muttering under her breath.
“Girls, come on, it’s lunch time! All of you, hurry up. Sapphire, Diamond and Rose Quartz, come and look at this,” Riel beckoned us over, stabbing at a faded newspaper. “Look! This guy, William Meads, has been prosecuted for scaring a group of girls at a Brownie camp. One fainted in fear, and his record isn’t good. So far, he’s been in prison for stealing money from Lady Bounty and Lord Galley, who lost over £10,000 each. He served ten years.” We stared, open-mouthed at the grey picture. It was the man with the knife!




Chapter 4

My heart was in my mouth as I was physically pushed into the ring. Amelia had just come off her tightrope, and we were next. My performance was very subdued, and my double forward somersault on the springboard went totally wrong. I landed on my knees, having turned over in the air only once. The crowd usually threw gingerbread or chocolate or fizzy sweets called ‘Fiery Suckers’ but today, the big top was only half full and my rewards were low. A group of older girls threw two bruised apples and a small hard Easter egg, but my share of that was small. One young boy threw a brown banana, yelping with laughter when it landed with a plop and no one went to pick it up.
Things really turned black when Rose Quartz tumbled over and over four times, neatly spun around and had just landed, when I misjudged my simple double walkover and bumped straight into her, knocking both of us over like dominoes. We both landed on our bottoms. She blushed a painful shade of peony, while baby tears started under my eyelids and started to seep through.
“You hateful pig! You did that on purpose! Oh, Sapphire Burne, you’ll regret this!” Rose Quartz rounded on me after I ran out of the ring. She reached up and slapped my face angrily, breaking our rules about not fighting straight away. With that, she took hold of Diamond’s arm and flounced off, head up.
“Rosy? Rosy! You know I didn’t do it on purpose! Stop being so unfair. You’re half my age!” I shouted at her back.
“Shut up! You’re seven years older than me, and much heavier! I’m only eleven! You spoilt my entire fantastic round-off double flick somersault!” She almost screamed with rage and ran full tilt away from me, sobbing with despair.
“Well done, Sapphy! Now everyone’s in a bad mood.” Gem walked away, sighing.
“Great work, Sapphire. Honestly, you’re eighteen, not eight! Grow up, for God’s sake.” Emerald rolled her eyes, making me feel terrible.
“Don’t worry, Sapphy! They’re just ruffled ‘cos they put on a terrible performance. Worried that Riel will have a go at them.” Topaz smiled at me. “You put on a wicked performance – apart from that one double walkover.”
I knew she was just trying to make me feel better, and she was always genuinely kind to everyone, but it made me feel better and I gave her a grateful smile.
“Thanks, Topaz, but I know I was pretty rubbish.”

*

We are moving to my home town, Aberdeen, today. I have to get out for the ride and join the circus parade. I wonder if … No, Mum and Dad will never watch. They hate my training for the circus. But I wonder if Sylvie would come …

I have just come in from the long, tiring parade. We do it every week, but I only do the parade if there are big crowds around. I was able to choose from my seven costumes: one hot pink dress with a knitted bolero and white frothy petticoats underneath; one silky black with a clingy waist, a velvet belt with a shining buckle and fishnet tights; another a magical frosty sky-blue, with a string of pale topazes on my wrists and waist, and I had sparkling pumps with little straps to keep the shoes in place while tumbling.
My favourites were a purple strapless dress, which had a frothy edge of lilac lace. When I twirled around, my long, lavish skirts flew out gracefully, matching my shoes. I also loved my dark blue top and short skirt that were connected with a string of topazes, dark blue marbles and amethysts. My skirt showed rather a lot of leg, so I bought dark, shimmery glittery tights too. They contrasted with my gorgeous rings – all amethysts with blue edges. I had a sparkly collar around my neck, covered in glitter like my matching bracelet and anklet. The dark blue and the purple dress fought it out inside my head. Dark blue won. But after showing the midnight-blue frothy dress to Riel, he objected strongly and made me wear a loose gym top with sparkles on the chest tucked safely into my tight gym shorts.
We all waited outside, and Madame Lilia noticed that I was shivering uncontrollably. It was early May, but I was frozen on this chilly night. She rode over on Chestnut, riding him because he’d given a fabulous performance in the ring earlier. He stood proudly, his head high and chest out. She gave me a hug, her violet and lavender perfume smelling sweet and tropical. Carefully, she wrapped a silk sari around me. It was dark blue with paler swirls and looked magical. Thanking her fervently, I ran to warm up for my somersaults and flips in the parade.
“And here are the Girl Tumblers – little gems, each one of them!” shouted Riel through his loudspeaker. “Watch them twist and turn, spin and tumble! Amazing miracles, marvel at them!” By now, the crowd was roaring its approval, cheering when my friends or I turned a flick or double somersault. I launched myself and turned a round-off back tuck, landing in the right leg splits. The crowd surged forward, screaming, shouting, cheering and waving. Riel pushed Diamond forward, shouting, “Diamond Wayne, a somersaulting beauty! Only twelve years old, but so talented!” The crowd burst into a babble of clapping and shouting again when Riel pushed forward Rose Quartz and announced, “Look at this little sweetheart! Only eleven, though she works her little socks off practising her springboard tricks! Rose Quartz, the amazing little tumbler!” Rose Quartz proved his point by leaping naturally and somersaulting onto my shoulders. I ran forward, and Rose Quartz decided to backflip down. We stood together, hands up, beaming. I hope she is my friend again!
“Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, marvel at this little one! Sapphire Burne, the tumbling star! Watch her tumble and turn at the slightest instruction!” I started up my flicks, turning over and over and over, not stopping until Riel stopped watching. I flew backwards and jumped into a double back somersault, connected to a front handspring. I stood up and presented proudly. Everyone clapped and cheered uproariously.
 As the parade grew faint, my ears and hands began to throb. The heaving crowds had left, leaving only a few deserted families waving and shouting. My ears were ringing because of the constant noise for so long, but I was happy. I retreated to my wagon for the last hour or so, the four old carthorses (not Madame Lilia’s horses – they are far too important) pulling the train of about fifteen wagons along the dusty lanes and busy roads.
As we sat in a ring when we’d arrived, Riel said to me, “Poor Sapphire – you’ll be getting too old for my circus soon. You’ll have to save up, Missy. Not too much longer, no, no, no!” I stared at him, depressed and despairing.
But he was right. I realised the crowd didn’t love me, they loved Diamond and Rose Quartz who were little and dainty and sweet. What was the use of being in a circus when no one appreciated my hard work, and all I had to show for it was endless hours falling on my bottom, landing on my head, hurting my back? I was nearly nineteen. I should have a proper job, where I didn’t have to earn a tiny amount weekly when I practised daily and spent hours dealing with pain.
Maybe I should consider taking my savings and breaking free? I wasn’t bought by any of the circus artistes – really I was as free as a bird! What stopped me?
I only had £21 – how would I survive on that? Maybe people would turn me down, push me away, if I tried to apply for a job? Maybe I was just as well here, trapped in the life of performing every day and practising late at night. How would I get a job? I only had my five flouncy dresses and an odd selection of bracelets and necklaces – and they aren’t worth a penny. I couldn’t very well wear my slinky red leotard or black gym shorts around town. My options are limited as I can’t do sums at all, nor even use a simple calculator, and I wouldn’t be able to pen a one-verse poem, let alone write a book. I could read, of course, but I often couldn’t be bothered. The only thing I shone at was gymnastics, but I had only just realised that and there aren’t a lot of careers involving that. Maybe I’d stay at the circus forever, until Riel’s grandson took over, and until Madame Lilia’s daughter was the main equestrian performer. I sighed, heartbroken. No one wanted me or cared about me. It wasn’t fair.
Sitting in the wagon that night (I was back in my old wagon, sharing with Diamond and Rose Quartz) I thought about what would happen to me. I was eighteen. I wouldn’t be able to carry on with gymnastic tumbling for too much longer. My back and neck were beginning to ache even more now, despite the fact I bathed each day for hours to try to soothe it and stretched for ages before I began gymnastics. What would happen if I was chucked out in the streets? I fumbled in the silvery shadows, moonlight snaking its way in from the corners of the limp felt curtains.



Chapter 5

I felt for the red box, and reached under the bed. Lifting the lid, I found the address of the three girls. They must be sisters, living together. I guessed they were a bit older than Diamond and Rose, nowhere near my age. Probably thirteen or fourteen at least. I got out my notepaper and beautiful pen and started to write a short sweet message.

Dear Ellie, Jade and Olivia,
Thank you for your lovely presents. I, Diamond and little Rose Quartz, the two other girls, were very thankful for them. We ate some of the sweets, and had a few of them at night! The paper has come in handy, and we’re so glad to stay in touch with you three. Our performances that night were all right, and we’re all so touched that you like to watch us. We are in Aberdeen today, having performed in a parade for about two hours – it was so tiring! Next week, we are scheduled to move up to Mull, an island in the Hebrides because the landscape is so lovely and it is the perfect holiday season over there now, so Riel (our boss and head of the circus) thought we’d get some sell-out dates.
Where do you live? Are you on holiday? We would be really pleased if you’d care to keep in touch. I’ll send you a copy of the addresses and places we are travelling to. Do come and see us again!
Best wishes,
Sapphire, Diamond and Rose Quartz xxx

P.S: You did not meet all the girls in our tumbling act. Emerald, Gem, Topaz and Marble really look forward to seeing you.

I thought this a rather nice letter. I found the schedules and the different addresses, and slipped those in the purple envelope too. I copied their address down, and left it on my bedside table. I fell asleep, my eyes closing as soon as my head touched the soft pillow.
I posted the letter to Ellie, Jade and Olivia in the shiny red post box at the end of the small road, having bought some stamps in the corner shop. I really hoped they would reply, even though they had only seen us at one show, and we were only on for twenty minutes tops, including the grand finale at the end of the show.
Three days later, a pink envelope came in the post addressed to me, Diamond and Rose Quartz. It was a reply from Ellie and Jade and Olivia!

Dear Sapphire, Diamond and Rose Quartz [the letter said]
Thank you for your fantastic letter. This is not a long one, as we have been very busy. Jade went down with tonsillitis yesterday, and we have been trying to make her better. Her throat is rusty and she cannot speak at all, just a plain mouse squeak. She feels very poorly and has been sick too.
We all thoroughly enjoyed your circus show, and will promise to come again soon. We live in Berwick – on the border between England and Scotland, but today is the last day of our one-week holiday here in Aberdeen. Our grandparents live there, and we were visiting them.
Mum and Dad both need help with poor Jade, because she has been so much worse today. We do hope she gets better.
We hope you are all well, and look forward to meeting the other tumblers. What are they like?
Best wishes
Olivia and Ellie (and Jade) xxxx

I read this many times, sad at how ill poor Jade was. I decided to channel my bad feelings into one letter, post it and it might make me feel better about leaving the circus.

Dear Ellie, Olivia and poor Jade,
I sincerely hope you are feeling better, Jade. I was really sad to find out about your case of tonsillitis, which we have all had here at the circus. I found out it helps when you gargle lemon juice; you may try it if you think it will work. Riel, my boss, has told me I don’t have long until I have to leave. As I have worked here for six years, I do think he may have the grace to give me a leaving fee, but it appears not. Huh! I am saving up, and hope to rent an old flat or something. I hope it works out…
What are you up to?
 We haven’t been busy, just practising each day apart from Sunday mornings, which are our mornings off each week. We made a new act, and we have been extra busy practising it each minute of the day.
You’ll like Topaz – she is very natural and carefree but kind, and never shows off about anything, or lies. She is lovely, and you’ll want to be her friend too.
Emerald is quite nice, although a bit shy and timid for my liking. She thinks she and Topaz are best friends, and although Topaz makes it clear to us that she doesn’t like her, Emerald sticks to her like a limpet.
Gem is great too, and always lets you practise with her, and helps you learn all the routines she knows. She is generous too, and buys us sweets or writing paper and envelopes when we run out of money.
I think you’ll like Marble too – she is really strong and sometimes jokes with the little kids that she can throw them right out of the ring. They all like her so much more than me. She calls me Sapphire Blue and says my eyes are ‘brilliant blue, sparkly and glittery’ although they are dull aquamarine, with just a tint of blue. I’m sure you’ll like the rest of the circus too – Madame Lilia and her eight fine horses are magic, and she sometimes lets you ride them, especially Chestnut or Chocolate, the young brown mares.
Riel is the circus master – he probably won’t bother with you, but he never takes any notice of anyone.
I think Robbie and Amelia will like you though – they always love showing their own acts off!
Hope you get better soon, Jade, from Sapphire xxx
Best wishes to Ellie and Olivia, from Sapphire xxx

I sent the letter, and I imagined it slipping into the post box with modesty and grace, twirling down and landing on top of all the other envelopes and small parcels.
As I walked across the one road I had to cross, a red car pulled straight out in front of me, and I screamed loudly as it didn’t stop at the crossing. The driver can’t have seen me, but I saw the car. I was already four steps onto the crossing when it came … and the next moment, all I saw was black. The black sharpened, and turned to blurry, fuzzy grey. My mind went completely blank. But there was one thing I could feel. A sharp, searing pain in my lower leg. After I recovered consciousness, I put out my hands weakly to touch it, but as soon as I did, the searing pain came back, and I screamed in pain.

*

After that, the next thing I knew, I was sitting up in an ambulance, with a block of wrapped ice on my sweating forehead. My leg had swelled up to four times its size, and my head was throbbing uncomfortably, making me feel dizzy and disorientated. I didn’t need to see it to know my leg was injured. It was tingling now, pins and needles travelling from my thigh to my toes, which were bleeding uncontrollably and hurting a lot.
I woke up properly then, after drifting in and out of consciousness, seeing a blonde-haired nurse with a caring face and hazel eyes checking on me. Sitting in the moving vehicle, my head spun around like a rollercoaster but I tried hard to regain my confidence and consciousness, not realising where I was and what was going on. But I decided I liked her and piped up nervously, “Excuse me, miss, am I going to hospital? Is my leg broken? Will it hurt? Am I going to be all right?”
She smiled at me, laughing kindly. “Oh, darling, of course you’ll be all right! Don’t you worry, once you’re in hospital the lovely doctors and nurses will sort your leg out. It won’t hurt for long, I promise.” She spoke gently, holding my sweating palm. “You’ve had a terrible accident, darling, and I know it hurts horribly, but just be brave. I know you can! How’s your head?” She felt my forehead in concern, her slight eyebrows furrowing deeply in her small, heart-shaped face. “How do you feel?”
“I feel so … light? It is hard to explain, like a feeling of being in your soul when you’re dead. I feel all dizzy and lost, trying to feel my way around without sight; it just flickers and fades each time I try to concentrate properly,” I explained, shaking. “I’m all out of breath and tired, and the pain in my leg is totally overwhelming, but my head feels all empty and cloudy and woolly.”
“Oh dear,” said the nice nurse sadly. “Concussion.”
I stared at her in dismay. So this is what concussion feels like. I felt strange and sad and very ill, a sickly invalid.
I arrived at hospital at one o’clock in the afternoon, still feeling sick, and the pain in my leg had got worse, as well as the drowsiness in my hurting head. It was making me faint over and over again. I was in a ward all by myself with random doctors and nurses scuttling in and out hurriedly, carrying notebooks and clipboards and scribbling on them.
“Sapphire, how did you injure your leg?” asked Doctor Hughes, the doctor who was checking me out, sarcastically. “Honestly, you kids,” he added under his breath, sighing theatrically.
“Thanks,” I retorted angrily. “I was hit by a car that was going far too fast, and I was knocked onto the road. But then everything went black, and I felt like I was dead. So, no big deal, really.” I gave a detailed recount, returning his sarcasm.
“Huh – you do have a sharp tongue, missy. Don’t talk to me like that,” snapped Doctor Hughes, frowning.
“Doctor, there is a patient in Room 29 that you still haven’t seen to. Being lazy, again. I shall put that in your record.” Another nurse entered the room and spoke sharply.
My leg felt numb and fuzzy now. I was beginning to get worried. “Nurse, my leg is still sore,” I moaned, holding it dramatically.
“Come along, my sweet. I’ll see to it.” The blonde-haired nurse stood up, smiling at me kindly. She began pushing my bed along the polished floors of the hospital. “There, don’t worry.” She held my trembling hand, her long nails distracting me from my sore leg.
“Hello, Nurse Mauve. Who is this, may I ask?” a kindly doctor with a funny smile asked. “Hi there.”
I smiled at him nervously, wincing when he accidentally leant on my foot.
“Oh, sorry, Sapphire,” he murmured, blushing while he conferred secretively with Nurse Mauve.

When I woke up, my leg was bandaged heavily.
“Sapphire Blue!” winked lovely Nurse Mauve.
I sat up, using all my strength, admiring my bandages.
“Sorry if it hurts, darling. Your leg is badly bruised. It must hurt a lot,” the nice doctor said, patting me on the head and grinning. “But you’re brave, my girl.”
“Yes, Sapphire, you are. Very brave. One toe has been fractured. But you’ve also badly bruised your leg. And the driver who hit you is in prison,” the nurse in charge of Doctor Hughes informed me.
“I’m really proud of you, my love! That must hurt, sweetie. You’re so brave!” Nurse Mauve exclaimed with enthusiasm, giving my hand a squeeze.



Chapter 6

Eventually, I walked (or hopped!) out of the hospital on crutches, knowing where the circus ground was. It was just out of sight, around the corner. I thought about being able to perform in this bandage. Wait – I wouldn’t be able to perform at all with a leg that was so swollen and purple that no amount of cream would hide it, a badly bruised knee, let alone my fractured toe! My head told me Riel wouldn’t be happy. What if he ordered me to leave? I couldn’t bear to leave Topaz, Diamond and Rose Quartz, and I would miss Marble, Gem and Emerald too. I’d just have to face the music, and tell Riel.

“Hello! Where have you been, Sapphy? I thought you weren’t going to town today!” Rose Quartz and Diamond bombarded me with questions and facts. Then they saw my leg. “Wow! What happened?” they asked in unison.
I revealed the bandage and poured out my woeful story. They listened gravely and tried to help me across the sliding mud in the huge field.
“Does it hurt?” Diamond questioned.
“Yes – it really hurts. I need to find Riel, tell him what happened.” I grimaced.
 “Have you hurt your leg?” Rose Quartz quizzed.
“Yep, and fractured my toe,” I confessed, remembering I hadn’t told them about my injuries.
“Sapphire, what the heck have you been doing? I’ve been waiting here for nearly three blooming hours!” Riel spat in fury, advancing towards us.
“Riel! Don’t talk to Sapphire like that! She was hit by a car at that crossing, up in town. It wasn’t her fault!” Diamond shouted menacingly.
“Huh! I don’t care if Sapphire has hurt her leg! Tell her to get her lazy bottom over here, pronto!” Riel hollered from the other side of the field.
I limped over, as slowly and deliberately as I could. The grass was wet, and the crutches kept slipping and sliding all over the place.
“Hi, Riel – I’ve just been to the hospital down town!” I armed myself with the crutches and my bandage. He gaped in disbelief.
“Sapphire, get into that ring now! Stop fooling around like a baby!” He pointed to the big top.
“But I’ve broken my flipping toe!” I protested bitterly, shaking my crutch at him helplessly, flapping my hands around in agitation.
“No you haven’t, stop lying!”
“I’m not lying!”
He sighed as he shooed me away to my cosy wagon.
I sat there, staring at the ceiling. In the end, I decided to write another letter to Jade, Olivia and Ellie:

Dear Olivia, Ellie and Jade
How are you all? Are you any better, Jade? We really would like some more news! I have just been hit by a car, breaking my toe and hurting my leg, so I know how you feel. The others are practising in the ring now, but I am staying here in my wagon until next week because of my injuries. I feel so useless! Oh well; at least it will give me time to write to you! Expect many more letters this week! I hope Jade is feeling much better, and please let us know.
Best wishes, Sapphire xxx

I put it in an envelope, and placed in on my cabinet for later. I then sat back and read my favourite book – Little Harmless Lies until That Day of Dreaded Doom. Jasmine, the main character, was amazingly beautiful and very good at absolutely everything. Her only fault is a frequent habit of lying. She does this and gets away with it right until the last chapter of the book, when she lies for the last time in her life, and dies tragically. Kelly and Jay, her brother and sister, began to tire of her fibbing and try to put a stop to it, but it all turns upside down and they all end up in a terrible state. The book was written in tiny, dense print that made my eyes water when I strained to read it, but I liked the way it was written, in a humorous modern style. I got into it very quickly, and read for hours. At tea, there was a knock on the wagon door. I scrambled out of bed, reached for my grey crutches and hobbled to the door, opening it. Diamond stood there on the steps, and reported, “It’s teatime. Come on, Sapphy.” She helped me down the shaking steps, and let me lean against her to hop across the mud to where the rest of the circus was sitting, slurping steak and kidney pie. I joined them, and sat on a low log that was lying nearby.
“Hey, Sapphire, I’m so sorry. That must be so sore!” Topaz said, touching my leg gingerly.
 “Sapphire – these are for you,” Emerald smiled at me. “To take your mind off things.” She winked.
“Great, thanks, everyone!” I looked around at everyone’s caring, kind faces. Even Riel looked at me with a slight smile.
After the meal, Topaz sat me down in her wagon with Emerald, Diamond and Rose Quartz.
“Wow, thanks Rosy – I love your message!” I exclaimed, peering at a get-well note Rose Quartz had written for me:

To Sapphy,
I hope you get well soon!
Be brave like me, when I lost that tooth.
I love you lots, from Rosy xxx

I laughed when I read the ‘be brave like me when I lost that tooth’ part, because there had been blood all over the sand in the ring when her tooth had fallen out, and then she swallowed it.
Marble and Gem came in, their cheeks flushed from the harsh, stripping wind outside.
“Hello, you lot!” Gem waved to us.
 “Sapphire, I really hope your injuries get better soon. We all miss you in the ring,” Topaz said.
I gave Emerald a hug too, saying gratefully, “Oh, Emerald, sweetheart, you are lovely!” with feeling. She had written me a card too:

Dear Sapphire,
We all miss you, me the most.
I hope you are fit for performing next week.
Have a nice time off!
Hope you get better soon,
Don’t worry, we won’t let Riel bully you into performing before you’re ready.
Emerald xxxxx

I enjoyed the rest of my week off, writing four letters to Olivia, Ellie and Jade, reading Little Harmless Lies until That Day of Dreaded Doom, writing in my lovely notebook, redesigning the little wagon and making lots of coloured posters for the walls, coaching the others in the ring, reading my replies from Jade, Olivia and Ellie and getting Diamond or Rose Quartz to run down town to post my many letters.

The week disappeared, and my time vanished. Today, I was going to try gymnastics again. I slept in late, missing breakfast. At eight, we were all in the ring, practising handstands and handsprings. My tummy was tight with nerves, and I could feel the butterflies fluttering around too. Riel had me turn cartwheels, but the first one jarred my leg and foot, which hurt even more. Riel shouted and shouted at me to carry on, but by this stage I had collapsed onto the floor, shaking and sobbing in despair and desperation. Riel towered over me, making me stand up and do it again. My legs were as wobbly as jelly, and, try as I might, I couldn’t face another cartwheel.

Riel shook his head, making it clear that I couldn’t stay any longer here at the circus. I limped away to the wagon, never to be seen here again. I packed my things briskly, trying to keep my head high.
A minute later, all my other tumbling sisters came crowding into the wagon. Rose Quartz donated her cola bottle sweets to me, and Diamond found a loose £5 note to give me.
“I’ll be here for much longer. I’ll have time for saving up later,” she mumbled, tears shining in her eyes.
“Here – Sapphire – take this.” Gem pushed a bag towards me. “I hope you like them.”
“I love them! Gorgeous, aren’t they?” I admired the sparkly trainers Gem had presented me with, and then slipped them into my bag.
“I’ve really enjoyed you being here, Sapphy. You really deserve them.” Gem hugged me tight.
“Here. I love you like family, you know that.” Topaz gave me a lumpy plastic bag. In it were six letters and a beautifully decorated trinket box, personalised with hearts and glitter and sparkles and paint for putting all my lovely letters in. There was one from each of the others, all ending with a line of printed kisses. Tears came to my eyes as I read each one, all of them lovely and sweet.
“I will keep these forever. You don’t know how special these are to me,” I faced everyone, crying.
I had noticed that were one pound coins in each letter. I tipped them all into my purse.
“Sapphire, take this too.” Rose Quartz whispered, sniffing hard. “To remember us.”
I looked at the picture of the seven of us at the seafront, fresh tears springing to my eyes. A gold frame was there too, with WE LOVE YOU printed on it and hearts all around.
“W-w-wow! You six are so kind!” I exclaimed through my tears, hugging them all.
“Here,” Emerald said, through bursts of loud, heart-breaking sobs. It was a big tube of love hearts, with a squashed £5 note inside.
“You six are the kindest people I’ve ever met. I will write to every one of you, you see if I don’t,” I said fervently. “Thank you ever so much!”
“Bye, Sapphire. Love you so much. Meet you some day,” Topaz murmured sadly.
“Bye!” they shouted to me, sobbing.
“Bye!” I shouted, turning back and waving for the last time. I walked along, counting the money I had it my purse. £44. I wonder if that would be enough? I pulled myself together, sniffing and wiping my nose on the sleeve of the thin black cardigan I was wearing. I pulled the bag of belongings I had. Suddenly, I remembered the money Riel had placed hurriedly in my small bag.
I fumbled for the bag and unzipped it carefully. In it was quite a lot of fivers and tenners – £60 altogether. He had also put in an extra £5 for luck. Great! Altogether, that was £109. If I found a job today, I would be able to get a little hotel room for the night – and get something to eat and drink.



Chapter 7

I made my way to the town centre, knowing there would be a market as it was a Sunday. I was right, and sauntered wearily along the street, picking a big bottle of orange juice, an apple and a Double Decker bar from a little stall. I munched contentedly as I walked on, carefully eying all the rooms on sale for that night. I came to the Swan Hotel, right at the end of the high street, with a single room with a deluxe bathroom and breakfast for £32.99. I stepped inside, asking for the room. I paid out the money, and they gave me my key. I sipped my juice, climbing the stairs up to my room. I unlocked the door, finding it clean and tidy, with a sparkling bathroom and shiny kettle. I put the kettle on immediately, humming as I listened to it whistle melodiously away in the corner, on top of the tidy desk. I unpacked my belongings quickly, leaving my six outfits in the big oak wardrobe that loomed above me.
Sitting down comfortably, I made my tea and added an extra sugar. I sipped, reading my other favourite book, Despite the Death, over again. The bathroom was inviting, so I ran a deep warm bath and hopped in, adding the mini cake of soap that had been left for me on the windowsill. There was a big bottle of fruity shampoo and conditioner, so I rubbed it onto my long hair. I washed for a bit longer, then rinsed my hair in the shower, relaxing in the heat of the rushing water.
I climbed out onto the blue bath mat, wrapping a towel around myself for decency.
I padded on the soft carpet in my bare feet, standing in front of my wardrobe. I picked my blue silk top, and wore my velvet gym leggings, easing my white tights on underneath my leggings to look like socks. I wore my sparkly trainers, but had to stuff the toes with paper because my feet were a size too small.
As I ran down the stairs again, clutching my heavy purse, I brushed out my tangled damp hair and fluffed it about my shoulders happily. The receptionist grinned as I walked jauntily past and I smiled back happily. As soon as I was outside, the sharp wind brought a glow to my pale cheeks and a sparkle to my fearful eyes, outlined with a thin stick of deep blue eyeliner and a tiny smear of pale blue eye shadow; my secret stock. I headed to a second-hand shoe shop, looking for boots and perhaps sandals or high heels. I mused over a pair of sequin-covered heels with thin straps and brown boots with a bouncy sole and small slim heels.
“What you looking for, young lady? Swish pumps? Tall boots? Graceful slippers?” The stallholder asked, placing three pairs of shoes next to me. I looked at the boots longingly, and timidly asked the price.
“Only £3, darling. Perhaps buy these and some fancy heels for my £5 deal?” the tall man recommended.
I chose the black boots with bouncy soles and pink-heeled sandals with pink glitter and purple beads. I paid and changed into the boots, making my outfit match. I was wearing a chunky black necklace studded with pale blue topazes and purple amethysts courtesy of a cheap jewellery deal on in River Island.
My purse was lighter now, so I traipsed around, looking for a place to work. I spied a wanted sign on a lamppost, but it was a new trapeze artist for a circus. I shuddered grimly and carried on walking briskly.
As I stopped to look in Claire’s, my eye caught a poster on the window of Superdrug opposite. A wanted poster, with a picture of lots of nail polish. I skipped towards it in anticipation. It said:

Wanted!
A young woman with nail-painting skills and lots of customer awareness. Please apply at Pink’s Nail Salon, Newton Road.
Pay is £55 per week for 4 hours (10:30 am – 2:30am) each day, or £18 per full day (8:30 – 2:30), but all tips given are allowed to be kept by whoever earned them. Please apply by 16th April.

My heart thudded. I would apply now! Luckily, it was only 21st March. I started walking up Newton Road, keeping a watchful eye out for the nail salon. A big pink house was converted into a salon, with pink walls, doors, curtains and windowsills. I rang the doorbell (also pink!) and a slim, blonde-haired lady opened it and beckoned me inside.
“Could I possibly try out for the job here? I was wondered if it would be too late now?” I asked, consulting my purple watch. Two thirty.
“Well, this is closing time, but yes you can. We are having a stall at the market fair tonight!” She exclaimed happily. “You can try out this afternoon, on Amy, our model here.”
I was led into a pink room, with a table full of custard creams and pink wafers and chocolate digestives. I looked on, interested. A tall slim girl who I thought was Amy was posing, her straight white teeth glinting when the camera flashed. She was very pretty, with dark brown hair flowing naturally to her slim waist, and pale skin with pink cheeks and lovely dark blue eyes outlined with thick black mascara. She smiled, suddenly tired with posing.
“Hi! Are you trying out this afternoon? I’m Amy, by the way.” She grinned at me.
“Hi, Amy, I’m Sapphire Burne. Yes, I’m going to try out for your job today, please,” I replied politely.
“Awesome! Hope you do well, Sapphire,” Amy said, getting back to her feet. She pulled a small brown table nearer, so I could work on her nails.
I looked in wonder at the array of colours – hot pink, sapphire blue, emerald green, sky blue, romantic scarlet, lily white, pale lilac, soft pink, canary yellow, neon green, tiger orange, lime green, deep purple, shades of silver, clean white, royal gold, pale peach, apricot and pearly white. All those colours were repeated, but with glitter, or glue and a range of various shapes. They looked amazing.
“Would you like to try me out?” she suggested. “How about a total manicure before? You do that, can’t you?” she nodded, willing me to do the same.
“Kind of … I can’t do very technical nail stuff,” I answered, worried that they would turn me down for the job due to my lack of technical skills.
“Oh, you are funny! We don’t want you to do stupid fancy tricks! A neat nail buff, dealing with the cuticles and then the actual nail painting will do great!” Amy put her hand to her mouth, still laughing. “You are funny!”
“Great,” I exclaimed, sitting down at the other side of the glass table. My hand hovering over all the different-sized glass pots of nail polish, I asked, “Which do you want? There’s plenty here!”
“You choose. I want a nice bright set of nails, all different, but quite happy, cheerful colours. Can you do that, Sapphire?”
I smiled in reply, pleased, because that’s what I liked best. Pushing down on the metal instrument carefully, I slid it under the excess skin that was gathering on her cuticles. I pushed back her skin, which looked much prettier and tidier already. I repeated it again and again, so each of her nails was pushed back to their full extent.
“Good, good,” The lady who came and answered the door said to me. “Well done.”
After I’d selected the ten colours, I buffed and cleaned her nails, putting on a clear layer first then filing her nails. She sighed in delight, holding her hands very still for my slightly shaking hand. Concentrating hard, I painted one nail bright blue, one sparkly emerald, one raspberry pink, one dazzling orange, one glittery red, one shiny indigo, one shimmering silver with odd shapes, one sea aquamarine, one royal gold and long glitter shapes, and the last very dark blue.
“Gorgeous,” breathed Amy, blowing gently on them and waving them in the air to dry them.
“Very impressive! That is the kind of thing the crowd will ask for tonight.” Eve (the lady who answered the door) inspected Amy’s nails, noticing that I hadn’t blotched any at all or smudged some on to her skin. “We will employ you, Sapphire.”
“Thank you – I will be happy to work here!” I replied, blushing happily.
“Well, Sapphire, if you would help us at the fair tonight, we will give you half a day’s wages – only £9, but I dare say you might get a token starting fee too. Younger girls are looked on very kindly, as they are rare to get and have steadier hands for the intricate nail designs we do. Go and allocate yourself a locker, Sapphire, and then come back here so we can check how neatly and quickly you can remove nail polish, and we’ll also check your knowledge, just in case.” Eve smiled.
“Right. Where are the lockers? Who should I ask?” I fussed.
“I’ll come. Don’t worry, Sapphire.” After five minutes to let our nails dry, Amy took my arm and led me past a short corridor with several doors leading to other rooms. “Eve, can you look out a hand spa please – we’ll teach little Sapphire how to give a proper manicure,” Amy called from along the corridor. Eve didn’t look too pleased being told what to do by Amy, but she was clearly the boss and did what she was told.
“Come in,” shouted a lady in a rough, hoarse voice. “If it’s you, Amy, go away, I’ve ‘ad enough of your stupid bossy ways.”
“Oh, for goodness’ sake! Mill, unlock that door!” called Amy, getting annoyed. “Now!” she added loudly, bashing at the door fiercely with her elbow.
“All right, all right, you stroppy little teenager! Come in, fine, but don’t come bothering me again!” She unlocked the door, staring at me.
“Huh! Who on earth are you, a circus wonder?” She raised her black eyebrows and cackled with laughter like a witch. I swallowed, knowing she’d hit the nail on the head.
“Mill! Sapphire used to work for a jewellery maker, not in a flipping circus!” Angrily, Amy walked in and looked at me. “Which one do you want, Sapphire?” she asked, hand on hip. (I’d told a few white lies in the interview.)
“The one by the window.” I chose a purple one with a red handle. Amy gave me a violet key, putting it on a long, slim chain.
 “Wear it around your neck,” she added.
I practised putting Amy’s slim white hand into the manicure ‘pool’ while changing the temperature quickly.
“Nice,” Amy purred, relaxing for a second. “Oww!” she cried a second later, opening her eyes and holding her hand in pain.
“What did I do? Sorry, Amy, honestly, I didn’t mean it!” Apologising, I ran round and got a cold towel.
“Thanks,” Amy answered coldly, turning away from me. “Sorry,” she added a moment later. “I didn’t mean it like that, Sapphire!”
After I’d nursed Amy’s red-hot hand, she gingerly put in back in the spa. I didn’t like to hurt her, and tried everything else I had to do with careful patience.
“Great, well done,” Amy clapped me on the back. “Go home and make yourself look pink. Here.” She handed me a box with ‘VALUABLE’ on the side in large letters. “Take it home, go on. And make sure you meet us here at half five sharp.” She showed me to the door. “Keep the box, and the contents,” she added. “Bye!”
“Goodbye, Amy!” I called, waving at her.
As I reached the door of my room, I reached in my pocket and pulled out the key. It slotted in neatly, and I walked through the doorway, slamming the door shut with my outstretched foot.
Reaching inside the old dusty cardboard box, I felt a spidery, wispy thing and pulled it out, puzzled. A long, pretty chain of pink hearts came out, with a silver glitter lining. A minute later, I had discovered a trio of bracelets, each pink with tiny gold embossed hearts entwined with the marble pattern. I fingered each locket lovingly, slipping one on each wrist and the bigger on my ankle.
 I fumbled in the box, ready to throw it away, but suddenly found a little pink box covered with rose quartz, all cut into shiny hearts. Opening the stiff silver clasp, I saw four tiny rings – one with gold edged with roses around the ring, making it sparkle like a royal crown. Another, my favourite, was plain silver with three diamonds, all outlined in pink glitter. The third and fourth were very pretty too, with silver lining, one with three emeralds, and one with pink swirly marbles, and thin pink paint, making them look sparkly and neat. I put them on, admiring them from every angle. I checked the time. It was only four o clock. I sat in the comfortable bed, lolling about and reading my battered paperback copy of Lost for Love, another of my all-time favourite books.
I got out of bed, stretching lazily and peeking at the time. A quarter to five. Time to get ready! After combing my hair, I changed out of my black leggings into my flouncy pink dress from the circus, with purple frills at the sleeves and hem. I styled my hair into a loose plait, hanging over my shoulder. I wore my two bracelets, necklace and anklet, putting dark pink lip gloss on that I’d found in an old magazine, still wrapped up. I placed my pink amethyst collar on my neck, spraying some rose-scented perfume on too. The finishing touch to my outfit was my plain pastel bolero, hanging loosely over my tight, slim-fitted dress. I picked up my bag to go, remembering both keys.
I slipped on my four rings, wearing two on each hand, and dabbing a little blusher on my pale face. My eyelashes were sooty black. I put on my lovely glittery heels, feeling very grown up.
Grandly, I swished down the stairs and out of the hall, three customers staring at me and whistling softly. I giggled, making them raise their eyebrows.
I arrived at the salon at twenty-five past five. Amy welcomed me warmly, asking me to go inside and bring out the hundreds of nail polishes, stickers and overcoats in the big bag she gave me.
“Go!” She ushered me, flapping around and panicking.
Eve was flustered, but grinned at me when I passed her. She was even pinker than me, wearing a pixie-like dress with gems on the collar, and a pair of gauzy wings like silver lining. She looked very young, with her golden hair brushed out in loose bunches, flicked over her shoulders. Her cat-like green eyes now sparkled like emeralds in her slim, pale face, making her look like a dainty pixie.
Soon after six o clock, we were driven in a pink minibus to the fair at Clement Road, the other Market Street in Portlethen, in Aberdeen. I was amazed at how many people there were already, selling shiny hardbacks, fruit, beautiful jewellery, with shining diamonds and emeralds, gemstones and ornate silver chains, lovely wooden carvings, like birds and animals, trapped forever in this one strained pose.
We set up on the right-hand corner, setting out all the neon signs and colours in a ring, with reds and oranges and yellows at the top, ranging from maroon to amber to canary to scarlet, and then green, blue, indigo and violet and the other side, glinting in the mystical moonlight. Our stall was by far the most popular, excited girls crowding around and asking their mums for a little money to have their nails done. One girl, about ten, was utterly gorgeous and very shy, though I did my best to get her chatting.
“Hi! Do you want your nails done?” I questioned eagerly.
“Yes please,” she replied, ducking her head and making her dark brown hair fall into her eyes and over her face.
“What colour would you like? How about emerald green? Or dark blue? Or soft lavender?”
“Could I have deep purple, with some blue gems and the silver pen?” She looked at them, then stared at me longingly.
“Sure you can. Here,” I beckoned her over, sitting her down on a chair. Resting her white hand on the table, I unscrewed the lid of the purple nail polish carefully.
I concentrated for a moment, barely blinking as I wanted to keep my great new job. She smiled, watching me paint her tiny nails intently.
“There!” I sat back on my hard chair and admired my handiwork. Her nails were very neat, with no polish on her skin at all. She was very pleased, and kept both hands on the table. A selection of coins were lying on the table next to her.
“Can I take this?” I asked, knowing it was the money for her nails being done.
“Yes,” she replied.
When her nails were totally dry, I reached for the silver nail pen and paused automatically. “What do you want drawn?”
“Swirls, please – big ones with curly ends,” she answered quickly.
I drew them on, neatly curving the ends. She sucked her breath in happily as I finished the last nail. As a finishing touch, I stuck two gems on each finger and three on the thumb, making her bright nails look amazing.
“Thank you!” she squealed, and ran off to show her mum.
I saw a pretty young lady coming towards me, jingling coins in her pale hands.
“You just made my daughter very happy. She isn’t usually, and you’ve perked her up no end,” she said straightforwardly.
“Well … I just take a lot of pleasure in doing people’s nails,” I stammered, feeling silly.
“Here. Take this as a tip. Tell your employer this is for you.” She walked off briskly.
 I was very pleased, and smiled to myself. I’ve found myself a lovely new job, met fabulous friends and found a talent for thinking up exotic new nail designs. I ran to tell Amy I’d got a tip already. She was pleased, and pulled my hair gently, congratulating me.
I soon found myself rather busy, with three young girls queuing up. I took the first’s money, and sat her down. She was really cute, probably only four.
“Hello, darling! What’s your name then?” I inquired nosily.
“Sophie,” said the girl, smiling.
“What would you like done to your nails, love?” Sophie’s mum queried.
“Pink polish with red glitter!” exclaimed Sophie decidedly.
“Right,” I started placing different pinks in front of her on the table. “Which one?”
“That one, please,” begged Sophie, pointing at a pale, peachy pink.
I painted her nails equally delicately, although I was disappointed when she moved suddenly and I smudged the polish on her finger. It was mostly her fault, but she did sigh loudly when I went to wipe it off. But she was very pleased, and loved her pretty nails when I’d finished.
“Thank you, darling. You did great, sweetheart,” Sophie’s mum drawled lazily, dropping a single coin on the messy table.
“Thank you,” I said obediently, tapping it and putting it into my jangling pocket.
“Well done, Sapphire,” Eve came over, noticing the money in my cash box and the spare coins in my tips pouch.
“Fab work, Sapphy!” Amy, who wasn’t working on anyone yet, called from a little way away. “Make sure to keep your tips.”
I had the two other customers to do, who both wanted blue polish, with a clear layer and then purple gems on top. I did them both rather quickly, chatting a little less to them. Knowing we had a two-hour slot, I began calling to any passing girl who showed interest.
“Come on, come on and get your nails done perfectly! Any colour you like, any overcoat, and nail stickers or gems, or even fancy patterns with nail pens!”
I saw a few murmurs, a few smiles, and a few mumblings. One girl looked over longingly, but was pulled away from our stall by her mother.
Soon after, a young woman came over, asking me how much it was to get her nails done.
“Oh – only £3, for up to four different coats – a colour, an overcoat, which is usually coloured or sparkly, another colour on top, which we use with our nail pens – to get the thinnest, neatest line possible – and then a clear layer, to keep it all in place. Then you may have stickers or gems on top.” I showed her various clears, all expensive French buys. She was particularly impressed by the gem wheel, which had twenty slender slots. Each were brimming to the top, glittering like stars in the night sky.
“Right,” she replied. “Can I have this hot pink polish, with the lilac thick pen and the pale baby-pink thin pen, please?”
I finished her nails too, loving the mix of colours she had chosen. They looked gorgeous, especially with her long, sharp nails. She was very still, especially when I drew small polka dots on her pink nails.
“Wow, thanks,” she commented, pleased, picking out four pound coins and laying them on the table with a clatter. I put the extra pound in the cash box, because she hadn’t specifically said it was a tip for me.
By the end of the night, I’d painted the nails of a group of five young teenagers – Hannah, Rosie, Cara, Ava and Morgan. They all wanted fancy designs, so I gave them the nail guide. Cara chose a lime green base, with conifer green heart gems on top and aquamarine glitter. Morgan had a pretty shade of lilac, with a purple hearts overcoat and hot pink gems. Ava chose deep sparkly purple, with three tiny red hearts on each small nails, arranged in a triangle. Hannah finally decided on a dark blue, with a thick shiny glitter overcoat and star confetti. Rosie wanted soft pale blue, with darker stripes and a few nail stickers in the shapes of roses.
I did all theirs, and then packed my things away, feeling quite tired. I counted the spare cash in my pocket, pleased I’d been so successful.
“Great work, Sapphire! Will you come along tomorrow, for the whole day? You’ll get your wages, with the extra tips you get. This book will record it all, so we can be sure you aren’t stealing.” Amy passed me a red book with thick lines and a space to sign.
“Cool! Half eight, was it?” I answered checking the time.
“Yes,” called Amy, who’d already started to leave.
I walked briskly home, although it was only half past seven. Feeling suddenly hungry, I stepped into a Pasta Palace nearby and ordered spicy Italian pasta. I waited for twenty minutes, reading the jobs section in the local newspapers. I saw an advert for Pasta Palace, and a picture of the room I was sitting in, with a waitress in white and purple and a pink hat. She was smiling, and a speech bubble was coming out of her:

Wanted! Waitress.
Must be reliable.
Good wages paid.
Hours: Saturdays and Sundays: 8:15pm – 11:15pm.
Monday – Friday: 6:00pm – 10:00pm.
Apply at Pasta Palace, Clement Street, Aberdeen.

I pondered whether I should go for it or not. I needed extra money, but maybe I should sit back for a while, after the circus? I had enough for another night at the hotel, and I was getting new wages for my nail painting tonight.
I decided I should. Maybe just for tonight, but I would give it a go!
“Hello – I wonder if I could try out for your waitress job here?” I asked the other waitress hopefully. “I am really responsible, and reliable,” I pleaded.
“Yes, you can, darling. Tomorrow night, meet me here by quarter to eight, please,” she said.
“Look – I know it’s a bit late notice, but can I try out tonight?” I questioned.
“Hmm, well, I suppose you could, as it’s only ten to eight. Eat up!” she ordered, but sat down with me. “We expect you to do as you’re told, not drop anything, have good customer awareness, have neat writing, always recommend dishes for children or babies, and to help me carry out the food they want.” She frowned suddenly. “I hope you realise how important this is, miss.”
“Oh yes, I do. I’m Sapphire Burne. Nice to meet you,” I said, holding out my hand.
“Lilia Ray.” We smiled at each other awkwardly.
“Come on,” Lilia urged once I’d finished my lovely pasta.
She led me into the staffroom, and then gave me a large white top and trousers, with an indigo pinafore and violet hat. I went into a changing cubicle, and ripped off my other clothes, stepping into my new uniform. I kept most of my jewellery on, but sensibly took off my rings.
“Good. Tie your hair back, though.” Lilia gave me a comb and hairband, and pointed to a can of hairspray lying on the polished dresser.
I put my hair back in a fishtail plait, splitting it up very evenly. Spraying it with hairspray, I closed my eyes and shut my mouth tightly.
I flew down the stairs, racing at top speed. I wanted to show Lilia that I was a very good waitress, even if I had no idea how to do it.
“OK. Go around, and see if anyone is there already. If so, ask if they are ready to order any drinks. For any children, you could offer children’s cocktails – no alcohol, just fruit juice, squash and fizzy water, orangeade or coke.” She passed me a small menu with tiny, swirly writing.
“Right. I’ll ask them if they would like to order a meal a bit later,” I replied, anxiously.
I walked around, liking the warm smell of fresh bread and hot meals cooking. It was very pleasant. Suddenly, I spotted a family of five sitting around the corner, with two children and one excited toddler.
“Hello! Are you ready to order drinks yet? We have a new children’s cocktail menu – no alcohol included, just fruit juice and fizzy drinks. Here,” I said, giving them the cocktail menu.
“Yes, thank you. Can we have one white wine, two raspberry fizzers, one beer, please, and a cup of milk,” answered the mother gently, smiling at the clamouring baby and holding the littlest child’s hand.
“Yes, that is fine. Thank you!” I rushed off, with the order written neatly in my new blue notebook. I went straight to Lilia, who was behind the till.
“They wanted two raspberry fizzers, one beer, one white wine, and a milk.” I read out from my notes.
“Well done,” replied Lilia happily, giving me a smile. “Here.” She balanced a long tray with one patterned glass of white wine, and the two red raspberry fizzers with floating fruit at the top. “Be careful!” she called after me.
I was very careful, walking slowly and resting the tray on my arms and balancing it with my hands. As soon as I got to the table, I set it down on a nearby table and gave the raspberry fizzers to the two children, who sucked enthusiastically on their candy cane flavour straws. I put the white wine in front of the mum, who smiled at me gratefully.
“Thank you, darling,” she said, beaming.
“Thank you!” said the girl kindly, still sucking away.
“Thank you,” groaned the boy, glaring at me after he’d been forced to say thank you.
“Fank oo!” cried the toddler, even though he hadn’t got his milk yet.
I returned, a little quicker than last time, bearing the tray with the pint of beer, which smelt horrible, and the toddler’s bottle of milk. He cawed in delight as soon as I gave it to him, and sucked greedily at the plastic spout. The beer was taken by the father, who gulped some down then muttered, “Thank you,” too.
“Would you like to order food now?” I queried, taking out my notebook.
“Please,” replied the father gruffly.
“Yes, thank you. Can we have an adult’s toad-in-the-hole, a children’s portion of spaghetti Bolognese, a very small portion of spaghetti Bolognese, an adult lasagne and a children’s spicy Italian pasta, please?” the mother said, looking at the three children as she ordered for them.
“Yes, that’s all fine, thank you,” I replied, hurrying off again.
I remembered to go to check if there was anyone else in the restaurant, and saw two groups of people – seven women altogether, and a young couple sitting together.
I went to the women and asked them if they were ready to order, and they said yes and I noted down what they wanted hurriedly. I then rushed to the other couple, and took their food and drink orders.
“Here, Lilia – the table of five’s orders are on the back, and the drinks orders are on the front, along with the couple’s food,” I gasped, out of breath.
“Good girl,” Lilia said approvingly. “Here.” She pressed a £2 coin into my palm.
“What’s this?” I asked, surprised.
“Your tip. You’re the number one now!” She patted my shoulder gently.
I set off with the couple’s drinks, carefully carrying the tray. I set the tray down and gave them the drinks, then scuttled off for the women’s drinks. I asked them politely what they wanted to eat, and they gave me their orders.
“Great,” the family of five said happily when I asked them about their meal. I saw the two kids were clearly thirsty, so I went to get a second raspberry juice for both of them and an extra half cup of milk for the toddler. They beamed delightedly and slurped, happy.
“Well, thank you!” The mother gave me a beaming smile, slipping her hand into her white glossy purse. She brought out £5, and held it out to me.
“Thank you!” I repeated, taking it and putting it in my pocket. When I’d finished my late-night job, I walked out of the door, fingering my generous tips. In one pocket, I had my tips from the nail painting, and in the other, I had my tips from waitressing.
Counting the various coins and the £5, I added it to my money at home in the hotel.


Chapter 8

“Hello, Sapphire!” cried a voice from across the pavement.
“Huh?” I looked up, surprised.
“It’s me, Sylvie!” called the bright voice, coming closer.
“Sylvie!” I gasped, running to her and throwing myself at her joyfully.
We clasped each other tightly, hugging as if we could never bear to let go. I felt sad but also happy to see her; I hadn’t written for weeks, and hadn’t attempted to meet up together either; I hadn’t seen her since I was seventeen. I had behaved horribly to her; not putting the addresses or places I would be, travelling with the circus ad not sending her anything for her birthday or even Christmas.
“Oh Sylvie,” I breathed, collapsing into her arms. “I’m so sorry.”
“Sapphire,” Sylvie cuddled me close.
We walked into my hotel room together, and I invited Sylvie to stay for the night. She sighed wistfully, but answered a little sadly, “I can’t. Chloe would kill me.”
“Who?” I asked loudly and disapprovingly.
“Chloe. My best friend. I live with her.” She looked happy enough.
“You can’t just move in with someone you hardly know!” I replied.
“I’ve known her for ages!” Sylvie answered. “Chloe and I met about two years ago. Since you’ve been at the circus I couldn’t get hold of you, so I couldn’t tell you. You don’t know everything about my life!”
“Huh.”
“What?”
“Stop going on about your stupid friend!”
“Stop telling me what to do, missy. I’m older than you,” she said, wagging a finger at me.
“Why are we arguing? Can I meet this Chloe?” I spat out the name with anger.
“Sure, come on then, Sapphire, sweetie. Pack a bag. Stay with us tonight.” She opened the door and then locked it behind us, making sure we had all my nightclothes and toiletries.

“Hi, Sylvie. Hey, who’s this?” queried a blonde-haired, blue-eyed girl with pale skin and a gorgeous red dress with heels.
“Hi,” I replied, mesmerised.
“Well?” demanded Chloe, hands on hips.
“Oh, this is Sapphire, Chloe. She has just left the circus, where she had to leave because of her cruel boss,” Sylvie lied cleverly.
“Oh, sounds typical. Circuses are very rough, scary places. Poor thing, Sapphire.” She gave me an unexpected smile and I went in the house, marvelling at all the amazing rooms.
“Wow!” I commented, loving the way they had made each room a different shade of blue, purple or pink – the living room was deep purple with red sofas and cushions, the dining room was such a deep blue it was almost black. The kitchen was pale blue, and had sky-blue cupboards and sideboard.
I liked the three bathrooms too – one pale violet and white, with lots of fancy, expensive soaps lined up neatly on the windowsill. The other two were pink, one rose pink, with perfumes all over the shelf, and a pearly-pink sink. The other bathroom had glass taps, with transparent blue dolphins on the handles. I turned them on and off, experimenting. The four big bottles of soaps were jasmine, buttercup, rose and tulip, and left heavenly smells in the room.
“Look!” squealed Chloe, pleased that I liked her work of art. She was pointing upstairs.
After a chat about the past with Chloe and Sylvie, I followed her up, liking the very pale pink landing, with paintings arranged randomly. I tiptoed around the seven bedrooms, which were not all in the colour theme downstairs. One was red, with thick maroon curtains trailing to the scarlet carpet, decorated with an orange mat with yellow frills. I loved the furniture – all normal, but painted a bright shade of red, with lots of books and flowers around the room. Chloe had said that was one of the four guest rooms earlier when we had been getting to know each other.
I entered a bland room, with cream walls and a rather cheap, frail bed with yellow legs and sides. The bookcase in the corner was painted white, but looked a weird choice with the mingling colours there.
“Nice,” I lied, not liking that room at all.
“Huh! You don’t like it, do you?” asked Chloe, but she wasn’t cross at all.
I wandered around the amazing house for about an hour, then we sat down on the soft sofas in the living room and chatted for a while.
“So, what do you do now?” Nosed Sylvie with interest.
“I work in Pink’s Nail Salon in the daytime, which brings in quite a bit of money, and I tried out for a waitress job at the Pasta Palace down town, which pays well too,” I replied, trying to sound grown up, but they just laughed at me.
“Huh! I don’t think you know what Chloe does for a job, Sapphy.”
“Have you heard of Chloe Fox, the famous model? Well, here she is!” Chloe giggled proudly.
Modelling was the perfect job for Chloe! She was very pretty, with dark blue eyes, a slim figure, amazing clothes, long wavy golden locks twisted into two tiny plaits at each side, and pale skin with no freckles.
“Well, you really fit it!” I exclaimed, blushing a little.
“Thanks, sister.” Chloe gave me a sly grin, tossing her head.
I knew it was way past midnight, and we should head off to bed.
Yawning hugely, I stood up saying, “Please can I stay the night? It is like, really late!”
“Yeah, sure, you can stay as long as you like! But I’m going out a little later – you can come if you like,” Chloe said, yawning too. “If you want to go up to a bedroom to sleep, that’s fine, but my modelling job is quite soon so you can just lie down on the sofa if you like?”
“OK, cool. Don’t wake me up if I drop off!” I lay down sleepily.
“Right, Sapphire,” whispered Chloe, waving at me as I shuffled around comfortably on her sofa, a lime-coloured blanket draped over me like a duvet.
I was woken at half past three by Chloe, who was frantically rushing around, grabbing lipstick and mascara from her eight different handbags. She washed her silken hair three times, each time putting a different scent and different shampoo. Sylvie and I looked at each other, eyebrow raised comically. We laughed, trying to be sensible and failing miserably.
“Oh Sapphire, lovely, why didn’t I come and collect you from the circus?” mumbled Sylvie worriedly, stroking my long brown hair gently. “I am the worst sister in the whole world.”
“Oh, Sylvie! Stop it, you’re making me so sad! Why didn’t we stay together, just the two of us?” I cried pitifully, holding her cold hands tightly.
“Yes, why didn’t we?” Sylvie stared sadly into my watering eyes. “One whole year when we didn’t write or text or call or meet up at all. Then you ran away, poor thing, and came here! What a fluke!”
“Hey, Sapphire, I’ve got a minute. Show some of your tricks, then, sweetheart,” ordered Chloe, sweeping her hair up into a huge donut and pushing kiss curls into place at the front.
“OK! But it might hurt; I broke my leg in three places, fractured my toes and dislocated my knee a few weeks ago,” I agreed.
I pushed myself into box splits for ten seconds, then arched my back and bent over, walking like a demented crab. My legs and back were warmed up, so I tipped onto my hands and stayed upright for a long time, performing a straddle handstand, bent-over handstand (where you push your legs right forward and balance by shifting your weight onto your hands totally and stretching your back so you don’t overbalance) and the straight-splits handstand, which almost tore my tight leggings. Then I stood up, ready to push from a headstand to a handstand and then tip my weight gradually over, so I ended up with my feet on the floor and standing up, though my leg ached a little and my back was sore too. Standing up properly again, I threw myself into an aerial cartwheel, then landed lightly, pleased that I hadn’t misjudged it and crashed into the heavy wooden bookcase near me.
“Wow!” shouted Chloe, presumably scared I would fall to my death on the shining marble floor under the soft fluffy blue rug I was standing on. “Oops, soz!” She put her hand over her mouth, grinning as she landed on my toes when trying to do a cartwheel. “Not my dream job!” she laughed.

We travelled to the studio (where Chloe was going for her modelling job) and I watched Chloe strut confidently along the narrow planks, striking poses and twirling gracefully every so often. I liked watching the others too – they had flouncy tops and tight pink leggings, sparkly vests and tights with shimmering shorts, fitted denim jackets with bright badges and dark skinny jeans. I particularly liked a sixteen-year-old model, who had lovely wavy red hair and a pale face with pink cheeks and long, dark lashes. She was very thin, and all her clothes were a little loose, but looked utterly brilliant when she used her full make-up.
“Hey, Sapphire!” she called after the route march up and down the catwalk. “Shall I take you to my dressing room for a bit?”
“Cool!” I replied, hopping up eagerly. I followed her along a mass of corridors, up flights of stairs and through large doors until we reached a well-hidden, dark blue door with ‘Skye’ scrawled across the name plate.
“Amazing!” I exclaimed as soon as I walked in. The two rooms were bright and fetching – the washroom and bathroom were hot pink with lilac and red hearts, and the main room with a bed, desk and dressing table was midnight blue and covered in shining white stars, with a red and pink and yellow sunset creeping in and the bottom, and an owl flying mystically at the side, silhouetted by the dark background. Taking my shoes off, I pattered into the bathroom, loving the strong smell of roses and lavender soap and bath bombs piled up at the ledge on the wall. I squirted out a blob of raspberry soap, and rubbed a little on my rosy face, wanting it to look dignified and grown up. I looked stupid; Skye was only sixteen yet she was slimmer and so much prettier than me.
After I’d had a face massage and wash from Skye, she sat me down at the table and reached for her large wooden cabinet, bringing out firstly mascara and eye shadow, then lipstick and blusher. Finally, she placed eyeliner and a powder compact on the table, along with glittery nail varnish.
“Wow …” I looked at the make-up, hardly believing she had so much.
“Come here.” Skye gently pulled me closer to her, and gave me a big selection of different eye shadow. “Choose,” she encouraged.
I finally decided on a blue with glitter, liking the way it caught my eye. Skye dabbed at me carefully, transforming my eyes and bringing out the blue. I chose a deep pink lipstick and silver eyeliner, with black mascara and tulip-pink blusher.
“I look … nice!” I peered anxiously in the mirror opposite.
“You look fabulous!” declared Skye, busily shining up my cheeks with her rose-scented powder puff and spraying my fluffy hair with a deep blue sparkle tint, making it stay in a quiff and three long fishtail plaits.
She had to rush back downstairs for another hour of performing to the audience, while I played music loudly and wrote in my notebook. I’d wanted to be a model since I was four – and I wanted it badly now. So I drew Chloe and me together, posing prettily and pouting while Sylvie drew up the performance books and wrote out leaflets that we sold before and after each sell-out show. Each day after the show, we would be filmed on a popular TV show, dancing and singing and posing before retreating to our 500-room palace, complete with ten horses in stables and a huge swimming pool, sauna, Jacuzzi and steam room.
I lay on my back, sipping a bottle of lemonade that Skye had left me. Imagine, me and Chloe like that. In my dreams!

“Sapphire? Here’s a letter from those nice girls,” Sylvie explained, passing me an envelope from her bag, obviously taken from home.
I opened it, and found a card with a big ‘Famous Together’ on it, and lots of roaring audience. I opened the card and found three pages of scribbled writing in pink gel pen.

Dear Sapphire,
This is just Ellie who is writing this, not any of the others. Jade has got a little better, but she still can hardly get up and we have to wait on her hand and foot. It is a bit tiring. Olivia and I were really hoping you would be our best friend, we liked you so. Will you? I really would like it!
Olivia and I are best friends, even though we are almost exactly the same age and sisters too. Jade is left on her own a bit, but she doesn’t mind because she has a great imagination and makes up stories all the time.
Freya, who is dreamy and clever just like Jade, is her best friend, and they get on well too, even if it is only doing homework together or hanging out in town.
I have worked out my dream job – going to New York or Hollywood and becoming a model. Perhaps it could be a double act with Olivia, and even better with you! Please come, Sapphire!
When will you get your savings and pack up from the circus? I hope it isn’t too soon!
Ellie xxx
(And Olivia x)

 I read this quickly, and then glanced at the smaller sheet that described her fabulous holiday, which was a little too exciting for me. I decided to write back and surprise both of them, telling them I was living with Chloe Fox, world-famous fashion model, and had actually talked to her and been out to town with her before too!

Dear Ellie and Olivia,
Thank you for your letter. I have left the circus now and am in the next town, with two part-time jobs that fill up my day. I was pushed out by Riel because of my injured leg – he only gave me a week to let me heal! I couldn’t perform after that, so I was sent packing. But it isn’t so bad! I met up with my sister Sylvie last night, who invited me to stay with her instead of in a hotel. I am living in total luxury, with a gorgeous pink bedroom all to myself.
Chloe Fox, model and true superstar, is living with Sylvie and me! She is so utterly gorgeous, I can’t keep my eyes off her! She has taken a shine to me, and loves to watch my various acrobatic skills (my leg has healed properly now) if I’m up to it.
Right now, I am actually in Skye Coal’s dressing room, because I’ve made friends with her. She is so lovely and ever so pretty too! I am at a modelling show in Edinburgh! I have been introduced to some world-famous people and a lot of very kind models who are seeking out fame. I like them all so much!
I will definitely be your best friend, but it might be hard to communicate face to face seeing as we are so far apart!
My dream is to become a model too – amazing!
I wish you well and I hope Jade gets much, much better!
Sapphire xxxxx

I lay there, imagining me and Ellie on the stage together, posing on the front of celeb magazines, and in the newspapers frequently. We could be world famous…
I woke up and found Sylvie staring at me, reading the long letter I had written to Ellie and Olivia.
“Sapphire? We are going to explore tomorrow!” she whispered.
“Edinburgh? Amazing!” I agreed, before dozing off on my small comfy bed in my own room.

*

“Hello, darling!” Chloe smiled when I tapped on the door of her dressing room the next morning.
“You’re so pretty!” I said, fingering the lace on her silk dressing gown. “Are you modelling again today?”
“No, no, Sapphire,” Chloe said, alarmed. “Only weekdays, darling!”
I was impressed at how she stood out from a crowd of hundreds with her tight jean shorts and sparkly tights with hearts and kisses on. She had everyday make-up on: blusher that made her cheeks a little pink, pink lip gloss that made her sparkle, pale blue eye shadow that framed her eyes, and silver eyeliner with glitter. She looked around eighteen, not twenty-one. Enviously, I changed into a pair of black gothic leggings, a tight-fitting blue top with lace silk and a loose black cardigan.
“Right, darling, breakfast!” Chloe was making a batch of giant pancakes, and they were deliciously warm. She took a bottle of chocolate sauce out of the cupboard and gave me a plate with a flourish. I ate up immediately, loving the warm sweet pancake and the rich creamy sauce. Chloe tossed another in the frying pan, the pancake sizzling away like a sausage. She started telling me about her contract to go to America for a year, modelling along with the most famous models ever! As part of her contract, she would be allowed to let friends or family stay with her for a bit too, so Sylvie and I were staying for ten months, then coming back to the UK.
“Hey, you two!” came a cheery voice from outside the door. “Do I smell pancakes?”
“Yes, actually, you do,” called back Chloe, still tossing them high. She giggled as one stuck to the ceiling, obviously tossed a little too high.
“Great!” Sylvie entered the cosy little room, filled with the homely smell of frying pancakes and chocolate sauce.
We all sat down at the round table, eating pancakes and licking the sauce off delicately.
“Where shall we go today?” Chloe munched, trying to think.
“Can we just walk around the town, explore a bit, do some window-shopping, maybe a little real shopping?” I suggested hopefully.
“Sure! Fab idea, Sapphire,” Chloe said.
“Great,” murmured Sylvie, smiling.
After showering and dressing, we walked along the busy pavements, watching soaring seagulls dip and dive for a few leftover chips lying on the cobbled streets. Excited children chose mountains of ice cream and ate them contentedly, and couples strolled slowly around the magnificent churchyard, tulips and bluebells blooming.
We found a little row of Bed and Breakfasts, and a small fish and chip shop on the other side of the road. We walked into a nice-looking parlour and selected a cake from the huge menu, covered in fancy teacakes, scones, buns, cupcakes and fruitcake I’d ever seen. If I was still a child, I’d have gone with the richest, biggest chocolate cake, but as I am now older and more mature, I settled for a slice of Victoria sponge with thick jam and cream oozing out of the middle, and special glittery pink icing on the top, decorated in swirls across the edge. It was lovely, a taste of sweet butter icing and cream with jam, and sponge cake. Sylvie eventually decided on the caramel cupcake layered with cream and melted milk chocolate piled up on the top. Chloe had difficulty choosing too, but loved her iced bun, filled with sweet jam and decorated with hard silver balls.
“Yum!” I exclaimed as soon as I had bitten into my delicious cake.
“Gorgeous!” declared Sylvie, nibbling away at the chocolate on top.
“Amazing!” squealed Chloe, licking at the jam in the middle with her pointy pink tongue.
We finished our cakes, and then headed out again, Chloe and Sylvie drinking coffee heartily, me sipping a frothy white cappuccino.
Sitting down, I saw a white sign with a picture of an elephant.
“Edinburgh Zoo!” I shouted, pointing at the sign.
“Only three miles away,” Chloe stood up, throwing her empty coffee cup into a nearby bin. “I’ll call a cab.”
“Wow! I’ve always wanted to go to Edinburgh Zoo,” Sylvie said quietly to me.
Chloe took out her phone, dialling a number quickly. She pressed the ‘call’ button, and waited for a few seconds. A voice on the other line started asking questions, then informed Chloe they had no available cabs.
“Well, that’s annoying,” mumbled Sylvie, realising we wouldn’t be able to go to Edinburgh Zoo.
“Look! That bus goes to the zoo!” I cried, pointing at it. We ran over, paid the fare and hopped on happily.
“Well done, Sapphire!” Sylvie said to me, grinning.
As we got off at the right stop, a gaggle of geese-like birds started to honk noisily.
“Hey! Pelicans!” Sylvie informed us knowledgeably, obviously knowing lots more than we did.
“Right …” Chloe saw the size of the queue. “Oh no!”
“Look, that’s only those big schools. This is our queue.” Sylvie steered us towards a small queue.
“Phew!” We all giggled together.
Once we’d paid and been given our tickets, we stepped in to the zoo. Cages of big birds surrounded us, honking noisily and squawking.
“Look!” called Sylvie, seeing a big sign with a picture of a panda on. “I didn’t know there were pandas!”
“Let’s go!”
“No – we have to book before you can see the pandas,” wailed Sylvie miserably.
“Oh!” replied Chloe, smirking a little strangely.
I was a little disappointed, as pandas were my favourite animals, but I said cheerily, ”Let’s go and see the penguins!”
“Aww!”
“They’re so cute!”
“Adorable!”
We all loved the tiny penguins of this side of their huge pool. Some were chinstrap penguins, some were Adelie penguins and some were rockhopper penguins, all swimming swiftly up and down the massive pool, or sunbathing on the smooth white pebbles. Little nests with umbrellas had been constructed for them so they could have shade from the sun while sitting on their eggs!
The other bigger penguins were king penguins, their gold and white and black plumage standing out perfectly, making them look magnificent. They were at least double the size of the small rockhopper penguins, and much faster in the pool too.
We saw the rhino in their big sandy enclosure, huge strong iron bars preventing it from escaping, the pelicans in their deep lake stocked with slippery fish, the giraffes in a tall house. The ostriches ran around contentedly, sticking their head in the sand or pecking at the bags of food people carried for the parakeets. One ostrich came over to me, sticking its large, sparsely feathered head out of the wire mesh. It was so comical I started to laugh, but soon the strong ostrich had hold of my two bags of food, splitting one at the bottom. Trying to hold it tight, I stopped the steady stream of bird food falling out, but the ostrich had other ideas. I giggled as it slotted its head back through the bars, tilted at an angle this time to try and nip the bag yet again. But I had put my hand over where the food came out.
“Ouch!” I cried as the ostrich pecked me. My hand wasn’t bleeding, but a little red and bruised. By now, it had hold of the bottom, turning its head round so it could gulp up the food.
Chloe stepped back, her fear of little creepy-crawlies growing.
Sylvie was fond of all animals and birds, even spiders. She was a little cautious, but edged the paper bag out of the ostrich’s beak. Carefully, she patted its scrawny head, and retreated back to the other side of the bars.
“Wow! Did that horrid ostrich peck you?” Chloe examined her hand, turning it over gingerly.
“No, no, it was very gentle,” Sylvie said in her quiet, silvery, reassuring voice.
I took Sylvie’s arm and we walked around all the big aviaries again, while Chloe sat down in the sun with her phone and began texting Mark, her boyfriend.
“Hey, Sapphire, look at this,” Sylvie beckoned me over anxiously. A tiny young bird was lying on the floor, wings spread out scarily, looking dead.
“Oh,” I said, upset but not that bothered.
“A goldfinch,” said Sylvie before I had time to ask.
“But – it’s dead!” I exclaimed disgustedly as Sylvie scooped it up and nestled it.
“No, no,” Sylvie replied determinedly. “It’s not dead.”
I protested but Sylvie kept it snuggled up, worried that someone would hurt it or touch it. I was sure there was nothing we could do, but Sylvie devoted her heart to it.
In the mid-afternoon, when we had met up with Chloe again, we grew hungry. After the bacon butties and pancakes and cake in that fancy teashop, we shouldn’t be hungry until supper, but because of all our walking around in the beaming sun, we were ravenous!
“I’ll go and get something,” Chloe said, yawning and stretching. A few boys stared, gobsmacked. I put my hands on my hips and arched my eyebrows, shaking my long loose hair and curving my slim back. The boys just had eyes for Chloe, though.
“Oh, I’ll have a lemonade and a chicken sandwich, Chloe,” Sylvie shouted after her, lying back in the sun.
“Can I have a coke and a medium portion of chips?” I asked Chloe, running after her.
“Sure,” Chloe replied happily. “Of course!”
Sylvie and I held the shaking bird in our hands, mine quivering with nerves. Sylvie squeezed a drop of water from her bottle, dropping it into a bowl. The goldfinch slurped eagerly, sucking it up with its rounded beak.
“What the heck …”Chloe arrived and stepped back in sheer astonishment. “Why is that thing there, Sylvie?”
“Chloe! For goodness’ sake, it’s a goldfinch. We found it on our tour around,” she explained.
“It’s great, honest. The poor thing was ill, so Sylvie’s going to help it heal,” I said happily, proud of my calm, clever big sister. I put my arms around her.
“Huh! It had better not do its business around the house, Sylvie!” joked Chloe, but was serious too.
“Here.” She gave me my chips and a coke, plopped her apple juice and cheese wrap down, then passed Sylvie a slice of thick white bread as well as a cup of cold tap water, and her food. Chloe grinned, saying, “I knew about the little goldfinch. The bread and water might just come in handy,” and poured the water into the tray we had found.
“Thank you, Chloe,” Sylvie answered, pleased. She fed the bird carefully, tiny bit by tiny bit of bread, watching as it swallowed.
“Aww! So cute!” I found myself liking the little helpless bird now. It cheeped faintly for more, so Sylvie went to the bird food shop over near the entrance to get a bag of seed.
Happily, I lay back in the lovely weather. I liked the reassuring sound of children playing, people talking, birds singing, animals calling and the fresh wind fluttering.
“Is she asleep?” whispered Sylvie as she arrived back at the shady spot where we were sitting.
“No, no,” I replied, sitting up hurriedly.
“Hey, darling,” Sylvie cooed at the rather puzzled finch. “Come to Sylvie and have some nice food, yes?”
The goldfinch considered, head cocked to one side, but then hopped over happily. It had a mournful, wistful look to its glassy black eyes that made my heart melt, so I let it snuggle into the crook of my forearm, feeding it little seed titbits every so often.
“Oh Sapphire, it’s taken a shine to you!” Sylvie gave me a pleased glance, nodding in approval when I was especially gentle and caring with the shaking goldfinch.
We went round the zoo again, Chloe checking her watch every few minutes. I grew confused, but ignored her, looking at the roaring white lions, barking sea lions and squawking pelicans, which were waddling about noisily on the overcrowded grass.
“Oh – can we go to see the penguins quickly? I really love them!” Chloe said, seeing the time on her watch.
“Oh, the pandas are so cool! I wish we could see them,” I saw the picture on the sign and sighed wistfully.
“Shame,” murmured Sylvie, looking longingly too.
Chloe smirked.

As I leant against the wooden railings of the penguin pool, I saw Sylvie whispering in delight to Chloe, who was grinning happily.
I walked over, wondering what they were conferring about.
“Hey, look! A spare ticket to see the pandas!” Chloe exclaimed, acting surprised.
“Oh, wow, you really fooled me,” I said, unimpressed. “Chloe, you must have booked it on the bus!”
“Ah, you figured it. Well, let’s go!” Sylvie sang, producing two more black-and-white tickets.
“Great,” I answered.
A frowning lady stamped our tickets, and then my hand too. The panda was smiling, paws up in the air. The frowning lady smiled at me, then winked.
I smiled back too, admiring the panda on my hand. Rushing to catch up with Chloe and Sylvie, I entered the round glass area. A cub was frolicking excitedly, tumbling over and over on the dry hay. Another, more mature, panda wandered across a strip of green grass, eating an apple at the same time. In the smaller bathroom, a very big panda lolled lazily, half asleep.
We watched them delightedly, holding hands tightly as the ticketholder announced the zoo was closing in ten minutes.
“We’d better go,” Sylvie whispered quietly. “The zoo will be very busy, crowds pouring out of the exit. If we leave now, we’ll be able to get out and miss the crowds. Besides, the bus leaves in three minutes. If we miss it, we’ll have a half-hour wait in the wind,” she added, referring to the dramatic change in the weather.
“Ok,” I went off to tell Chloe, who was attached to the tiny baby panda.
“Come on,” I urged.
“All right.”
“Now!”
“Coming!” she replied impatiently.
She walked briskly after us, lagging behind often to peer at the animals. She didn’t like the noisy pelicans, with the ugly loose skin dangling from their gaping beaks, or the sad-looking old elephant, standing weakly in its tiny paddock, three fences blocking it fiercely. I felt sorry for it, being stuck in a paddock the size of a circus wagon all day, having to face the unforgiving weather, being teased by laughing children.
“Ah! The gates – look!” Sylvie started to run frantically towards the gates, clutching her dainty handbag desperately, clenching her fists in determination, clasping the gates in annoyance and anger. They were shut! We were locked in for the night!
“What, what?” screamed Chloe worriedly, rushing to her.
“Oh no, no!” I cried, running over too. “What’s the time?”
“Half five,” groaned Sylvie in despair. “Oh, Chloe, why did we have to stop to gawp at those ridiculous pelicans? We’re locked in!”


Chapter 9

“Sorry,” Chloe apologised, blushing a little. “I didn’t know the time!”
“Oh well,” I piped up. “Why don’t we have another look round – really get our money’s worth!” I joked, starting to walk in the direction of the tigers.
“Oh well,” Sylvie and Chloe muttered, following reluctantly.
We didn’t obey the polite signs saying ‘please do not walk on the grass’ and strolled along, trampling the fine green grass underfoot. This was fine until it became dark.
“We’d better shelter for the night,” Chloe remarked, shivering in her glittery pink cardigan.
“Oh, Chloe, you should’ve taken your flipping coat! It’s not all about looking good, you know!”
“Sorry! Well, it’s not like you actually care about fashion, judging from your usual clothes style!” Chloe retorted back, hurting poor Sylvie with that stinging remark.
“Shut up!” she threatened, eyes steely and voice harsh.
I fell behind Sylvie, who was still upset about her undeserved retort. Chloe was very far back, meandering about carelessly. Running ahead to see Sylvie, I murmured, “Oh, Sylvie,” seeing her brimming eyes and bent head. Sorrowfully, her long hair fell over her tear-stained face, and she flicked it away half-heartedly. The goldfinch peeked out from her sleeve, cheeping mischievously.
I giggled, but then coaxed it out properly and cupped my hands carefully. The small bird hopped in, nestling up sweetly in the unexpected warmth.

An hour later, we were sitting down by a massive aviary of birds, tucked under a thick tarpaulin that was leaning against a stone wall. Nibbling at my squashed oatmeal cookie, I dreamed about living in the gutter here forever, unable to get out. I thought about Jess Cleves, who had been at the same school as I had, but was mercilessly teased by us. Now I wished I had been kinder to her.
“Oh my God!” Chloe breathed, staring at a flashing message on her phone.
“What on earth …” Sylvie trailed off suddenly, remembering they were not on speaking terms.
“Mark – he loves me! Oh, the darling, the darling, the darling! So sweet!” She pranced around our dank camp, singing Mark’s praises rapturously.
“Oh, for God’s sake!” Sylvie rolled her eyes, trying to send her up.
“Oh – the other news – the zoo doesn’t open on Monday,” Chloe went on, hardly caring.
“What?”
“We have to stay here tomorrow!”
“Chloe, stop teasing us!”
“I’m not – look!” She showed us an information sheet on her phone, with a notice in big red letters – ZOO CLOSED ON MONDAY. I felt torn in two.
“What …” My high-pitched, anxious voice tailed off helplessly. A lump in my throat hurt unbearably, but I was determined not to cry and swallowed hard.
“Right. How much food and money do we have?” Sylvie asked us nervously, searching in the rucksack and her black handbag. She only had a few loose fifty-pence pieces, lying neglected at the bottom of her bag.
“Wow!” Chloe exclaimed, miraculously seeing a £10 note fluttering around on the grass near us.
“Great!”
“Let’s get it!”
We all scrambled out of the humid camp, running on our stiff legs to catch up with the money. It had blown onto a rocky ledge, just out of our reach, a small bench below.
Without pausing, I leapt on to the bench eagerly, almost tipping it over in my haste. The ledge was just a few feet away. I breathed in anxiously, then jumped high with my eyes tightly closed in fear. I tried again, but still scraped my hands on the wall above.
“Try again, darling!” encouraged Sylvie, clapping and smiling proudly. Her goldfinch pet cheeped encouragingly too, flapping its wings a little too excitedly in the tight bundle of clothes Sylvie had made for it.
I did, but failed twice more. Just as I was about to give up, my fingers caught the top of the ridge and I hung in the air, centimetres away from the note.
“Well done, Sylvie,” Chloe said, gripping my waist protectively. “Go!”
Slowly but surely, I edged my fingers along the rough stone wall, one hand at a time. I got much closer, then suddenly reached out – and grabbed it! I called down, and Chloe swung me down again, lifting my feet over the metre drop.
“Thank you.” I turned to Chloe, handing her the note reluctantly.
“Great,” Sylvie said, laughing happily, back to her usual self.
We returned to the damp dark hideout, rummaging hopefully in our bags. Chloe produced a pack of cola bottles, a slightly hairy lollipop, orange juice and £3.62.
“Oh, look!” I exclaimed delightedly, finding two packets of salt-and-vinegar crisps, a bruised apple, raisins, a £5 note, and some strawberry laces.
“Fabulous!” Chloe eyed the strawberry laces enviously. “But, where are we going to buy food with the money?” she asked.
“No idea,” Sylvie replied, but saw the three different piles of food (she’d found pancakes, three Mars bars and three plums) in the twilight, and shared them out. “But we’ve got quite a lot – we’ll manage, I’m sure.”
“You’re sure?” mocked Chloe, but saw Sylvie was right.
“What about a late-night walk?” I suggested.
“OK! Cool idea!” Chloe got up, stretching her slim tanned arms and arching her flat stomach if she had an audience of a thousand.
“You two! No, I’m staying here,” Sylvie said obstinately, folding her arms. “I’m tired.”
We set off, blinking in the light. It was only twilight, but after the musty gloominess of our secret place, it was quite bright.
“Nice,” commented Chloe, sitting on some springy moss and relaxing.
I lay back too, but a long-legged spider scurried over my left leg and I leapt up, scared.
“Aww!” laughed Chloe.

All the cages and enclosures were padlocked securely, with the animals put to bed for the night. The big cats’ cages had been cleared out and the old straw chucked away, fresh bedding in place. We traipsed up the dark paths, staring at the glossy white moon. After a long half-hour, we headed back tired.
Sylvie lay very still, her good-looking face shadowy and grey-white in the eerie silvery black sky, her sweet smile a ghost of its usual self.
I slipped under her folds of the strong tarpaulin, cuddling up to her lovingly. I tried to drop off quickly, but the haunting calls of wildlife outside sent shivers down my spine, and the freezing cold wind stripped me to the bone. I lay there, shivering, for what seemed like hours. Finally, I sat up and rummaged in my bag, bringing out my silver phone. I’d ring Ellie!
“Hello? Who’s that?” Ellie asked. “It’s me, Sapphire. Can I speak to you for a bit?” I mused, seeing it was eleven thirty.
“Sure you can,” answered Ellie, yawning a little. “What about?”
“I’ve left the circus – found my beloved sister, Sylvie, and I’m living with her and Chloe, a famous model. Guess what! She is going to America, New York, actually, and will be spending a year there – and she’s asked me to go with her!”
“Oh my God – lucky thing! Can I come?” she joked, not meaning it.
“Sure you can! I’ve saved up enough! Lodgings will be free for you, as you’re travelling with us, but charges will stand for the flight, and the car or taxi journeys to and fro. But apart from that, we can live in America for ten months, together – modelling!” I bubbled, really excited.
“Sapphire, oh, Sapphire – I’m speechless!” cried Ellie, sobbing.
“Stop being speechless! You’ve got to save up too – get some cool outfits, high heels, make-up, you know! Although you have to get double, for both of us,” I gabbled.
“No problem!” Ellie began to count out coins. “£23 already! And my £17 fee for the office job tomorrow.” She slotted the coins back into her big jar, and I heard a loud jingling.
“Great! You don’t mind paying for my clothes too?” I questioned doubtfully.
“No, no! Course not, Sapphire. Oh my God, I can’t wait!” she sang, then rang off.

I slept fitfully for about six hours, and woke when it was still dark. Checking my watch, I pulled a book from my bag and started to read, using the light from my phone to see by.
“Sapphire?” mumbled Chloe sleepily, sitting up in our makeshift bed. She stared at me, blinked, and went straight back to sleep.
I started to make breakfast – a meagre half-pancake each, along with a small cup of orange juice, chill in the early morning. The time now said seven-fifteen, so I woke Sylvie and Chloe, shaking them gently.
“Yum,” said Chloe brightly as she sipped her orange juice.
“Well done,” Sylvie whispered, her voice low and husky. She had a little of her pancake but then left it, declaring she felt sick.
“Oh, poor Sylvie, “I remarked to Chloe as we wandered off again, trying to forage for food or money.
“Hey, look!”
“What?”
“An open food stall!”
“What?” I asked, hands on hips. “Come on!”
“No – there! Come on!” She raced away in the opposite direction, her heeled boots flying across the paved paths. I had to hurry to catch her up, and when I got there she was already buying three extra-big hotdogs, a coffee each and fresh fruit. I paid the £6.20 bill, then held the hot food while Chloe struggled with the coffee.
“Wow!” Sylvie brightened as soon as we got to her. “Where did that come from?”
“An open shop – quite close,” panted Chloe, still out of breath.
The food I ate then tasted the best of my life. The coffee was scalding hot and burnt my tongue, but was very strong and sweet, and was gone in minutes. The hotdog was delicious too, especially the sausage, which was sweet and filling, and tasted fabulous against the soft white bun. The fruit tasted very fresh too, and I ate with relish, savouring all the different tangs of banana, peach, plum, apple, pear, pineapple, cherry, strawberry, blackcurrant, raspberry, grapes and melon. The juice was lovely too – a mingled taste of all these fruits.
“Wait – why was the shop open? The zoo isn’t open ‘till Monday!” Sylvie asked, still eating her strawberries contentedly.
“No idea! Didn’t think of that. I wonder why?” Chloe answered, searching the internet on her phone again.
“The zoo opens today – just later! They changed the timings because of severe weather warnings. How weird is that!” Chloe read out, typing in another word in Google.
“What are you doing now?” Sylvie demanded impatiently, leaning over to see and accidentally spilling all Chloe’s fruit juice in her haste.
“We have to get ready; the zoo opens in about ten minutes!” Chloe said, beginning to put on her knickers and pink leggings on, set off with a flouncy vest top, sticking out at the sleeves and strewn with silver sequins. She brushed her hair, clipping away her layered fringe with a babyish pink butterfly clip, and tucked the rest behind her studded ears.
“Chloe! You don’t need to change again. Seriously. You’ve just slept rough, and the one thing you worry about is your looks,” I commented scornfully.
“Whatever!”
“Oh my God, Chloe. It’s a day in a zoo – not even a proper day out – not a disco or a party!” protested Sylvie, putting on her own black jeans and a faded red top with glitter stars. She combed her hair briskly, securing it in a messy bun, but put her favourite earrings and a dab of glitter on her pale cheeks. I smiled at her gratefully, while she brushed my hair out patiently, loosening my scraggy plait and fixing it in a side ponytail, which suited me well. I just put my old clothes on: a pair of faded jeggings, a T-shirt with hearts, a cute pink cardigan with embroidered pockets and my loose black boots over red socks. Our clothes were soaked and grimy from last night; Chloe had been nestled in a picnic blanket so her clothes weren’t even damp.
“Huh.”
“What?” asked Chloe in a fierce tone, staring at Sylvie angrily.
“Me and Sapphire are dressed properly,” Sylvie smiled at me for half a second, but then went on at Chloe, “You look like a total idiot, all tarted up like that! Even put make-up on, haven’t you?”
She had obviously seen the tell-tale signs of glitter on her high cheekbones, the black smudges on her long lashes, the pink dabbed carefully on her cheeks, the blue on her eyelids, the gold edging her made-up eyes, the shimmering sparkling red on her pouting lips.
“Honestly, Chloe! Make-up everywhere – what a mess! You should know better,” I added, poking her red lips and her soft eyelids, sending her up. It certainly worked.
“What? What? Coming from you! Shut up, you ugly little snitch!” Chloe retaliated, glaring at both of us. “I think you’ll find you’re the mess, Sylvie, and Sapphire, it’s not my make-up that’s a mess – it’s you! Now get lost and stop pestering me and your blooming sister!” she retorted meanly.
I felt taken aback, shocked that she could be so horrible. I wavered, but then made up my mind.
“Fine. I will. Bye!” I grabbed my handbag and the strawberry laces, pocketing the £10 and £5 notes, knowing all the rest of my money was in my room back at Chloe’s house. I signalled to Sylvie, telling her she should send it to me, and left them. I walked briskly, breathing heavily, hardly believing it.
“Wait, wait!” Sylvie ran after me, feet pounding, clasping her bag desperately, panting, wailing in desperation. “Please, wait!” She sounded so heartbroken I stopped, turning around.
“Sylvie? What is it?” I asked, slipping my hand in hers, pulling her close.
“Oh, Sapphire,” she sobbed, clutching me so tightly I felt faint.
“Oh, Sylvie!” I murmured, closing my eyes tight. “Oh, Sylvie,” I repeated, eyes still shut.
“Sapphire! Chloe was so terrible to you! I’m so sorry! Please forgive me,” she wept, trying to dry her tears with a dirty tissue. “Really, really, really sorry.”
I began to cry then, shaking uncontrollably. ”Sylvie, Sylvie, it wasn’t your fault. Don’t worry. I still love you.”
“Really? Oh,” she collapsed into my arms, still weeping. “Chloe went. I never want to see her again,” she added, knuckling her eyes awkwardly.
We sat there, in the middle of the path, heads together, shaking. We were shaking mostly of our emotions, but the wind was bitter and made us shiver even in our matching coats.
“Hey! What the ‘eck are you doin’ ‘ere?” An angry, hoarse deep voice shouted at us. We unlinked arms quickly, staring at him, puzzled.
“Get out of ‘ere, you bloomin’ tramps! Shoo, shoo!” he cried, shepherding us along.
As we reached the heavy black gates, studded with black metal spikes, he took hold of us by the scruff of our necks and shoved us roughly over the opposite wall.
“Oww!” I screamed as a searing pain grasped hold of me.
“Sapphire!” called Sylvie, making her way across the grass carefully. “Are you all right?”
I lay on my arm, unable to move. My head was spinning in time with everything around me. I suddenly fainted clean away on to the grass.
“Sapphire?” Sylvie towered over me, peering cautiously. She twisted my leg around so it slotted back in its usual place, then felt my sweating forehead.
Sitting up, I swayed uncontrollably. Sylvie was a blur, the grass was a blur, the wall was a blur, and my arm was a blur – a red blur!


Chapter 10

After a drink and a sit down, I managed to get up and stumble along. Sylvie led me to a drab grey cottage that was nearby, and went up the dusty path. She knocked on the door as if she knew who was inside, and then stepped inside carefully. I didn’t like the look of the blacked-out windows, the gnarled trees, the fading red bricks, the huge scuttling black spiders crawling over the path I was standing on, the garden tiles layered in thick dust and mud and dirt, and the door coated in dust so it looked a permanent brown, not cheery red.
“Sapphire, come on in,” Sylvie called from somewhere inside the house.
I trod lightly on the dirt-encrusted paving stones, and entered the house, automatically closing the door behind me with a bang. Taking off my shoes, I saw a tall, thin man sitting with Sylvie. He was writing hurriedly on a piece of paper, working out an account.
“Hello,” I said shortly, noticing all the muddy footprints over the mud-brown wood. The table was much lighter, but was infested by ants, just like the sparse cupboards in the old kitchen. As I walked around and investigated curiously, I saw all had food in, but most was out of date, and ants still crept everywhere. The short stairs led to one room upstairs, which contained a single bookshelf, a sinking bed, a white rag rug (which looked as though it used to be pink but has faded) and not much else. Only three books lay on the bookshelf; all tattered paperbacks that no one would buy for ten pence. Even the dining room had dust gathering in balls upon the chipped chairs, under the table and in the rusty candleholders, with grime lining the table legs and wooden tiles. Spiders hung from each corner, cobwebs gathering to form a gloomy squared room.
“Well, Sapphire, do you like our new house?” Sylvie joked, rolling her eyes. “Sorry, but it’s the only option we have, darling.”
“OK.” I wavered, but stayed headstrong. “Fine. It only needs a little cleaning!” I laughed a little unsteadily.
“Well, that will be … £45, Miss Burne,” interrupted the man, holding out a final contract. Her eyes flitted through it cautiously, and then handed it to me. I stared unhappily, but signed my name and Sylvie signed too. Then she handed over a few £10 notes and a handful of change.
“Well, goodbye,” the old man said, stiff in his tight polished suit and trousers by the door. He waved a little awkwardly, pausing as he stepped out of the door.
“Oh, goodbye, Sir Inlay,” Sylvie simpered, bobbing a little curtsey while smiling from ear to ear and blushing.
After he had closed the door, I turned to her. “Why did you suck up to him? He was terribly rude and formal, not at all like you!”
“Oh Sapphire, I wasn’t sucking up to him! He’s rude and formal, that’s for sure. But if he doesn’t like us, we will be thrown out of the house, on to the street.” She gestured, pointing at the bleak rain running down the windowpanes outside.
“All right,” I replied grudgingly. “Let’s get cleaning!”
Together, we rummaged in the cleaning box that Mr Inlay had left, bringing out first a floor-cleaning spray and a rough carpet and wood sponge. We got to work, scrubbing the mud away gradually, and then throwing tap water over it so the floor sparkled.
“Wow!” Sylvie sat back on her heels and rubbed her sore hands, delighting in the new-looking floors. The carpet upstairs was harder to deal with, but eventually we found the right cleaning soaps and scrubbed even harder.
“You take the house; I’ll take the garden!” I cried, randomly flinging some sprays and step-cleaners into an old wicker basket, which I lugged outside and then dumped on the steps. I squirted a whole lot of path-cleaner on, because it said ‘To have superior garden steps, use a little less than half of this bottle, along with water’. I didn’t know about superior garden steps, but I certainly didn’t want grimy, grubby paving stones!
I found the actual plants harder. The dead grass was pale yellow, so I melted a grass-watering pellet with water, and poured the sloppy mixture over the grass, hoping for healthy green grass to spring up around me. Unfortunately, it didn’t, but the mixture flowed away pleasingly.
I then tackled the spiny thorns at the end of the round garden. Brandishing my pair of secateurs, I stepped towards them fearfully. Tearing at the spikes, they fell to the sodden soil, dead and defeated!
“Oh, Sapphire!” giggled Sylvie playfully as she saw my look of satisfaction when they fell to the ground. “This is how you do it!” She cut the plants right at the bottom, then reached out and pulled the rest. Because she had made the cut so far down, the thorns had thinned out and it was easy to pull from the ground. She tossed the stalk into the bucket, standing up at the same time. I looked at my stubs sideways, then looked enviously at her perfect stalks sitting in the bucket.
“OK, you can do that then. I’ll – er – tackle the loo,” I said a little crossly.
“It’s just over there,” Sylvie pointed out a wooden cabin, standing alone at the other end of the garden.
“What? I thought it was inside, like any other household, for God’s sake!” I stomped off angrily, muttering rude words to myself.
As I gingerly opened the door of the worn-down hut, the hinges creaked and I leapt back, afraid. But I managed to resume my dignity, and stepped forward bravely. The gloominess was off-putting, but I walked in and fumbled desperately for the light switch. Once I had found it, I reached for the bleach and peered at the loo anxiously. The smell was overpowering, but I overcame it and washed the grimy sink too, scrubbing hard at the silver taps to avoid the gathering mould and fungi growing freely on the door. A large tin bath lay in one corner, hardly visible because of its grey lining. Washing it too, I ran the taps to clean it completely, the soapy suds coming right out of the bath and onto the floor.
Oh well, I thought, rinsing away. The floor could do with a wash too! So I tipped out the remains of the bath, leaving it clean and shining, most of the collected grime scrubbed away. I reached for the long mop in the corner and sloshed the suds around, even beginning to wash the walls. I was having a great time, reaching up and scrubbing with the mop. The small room smelt of tangy orange, bleach and soap. Sniffing delightedly, I sang a melodious tune, swaying in time to my singing.
“Wow! It sure smells nice! Have you been having a bath, you naughty girl?” Sylvie accused me unjustly.
“No! I cleaned the bath out because it was covered in dirt and stank, but the floors – and walls – really need a good washing, so I used the same water and soap instead of wasting it!” I answered, nodding triumphantly at her, pleased she believed my short speech.
“All right, all right, you funny girl, “ Sylvie smiled. “Ten more minutes, Sapphire, and then you can stop, sweetheart.”
“Yes, Sylvie,” I lisped, pretending she was my mum. “All right, mummy!”
She shut the door and I continued with my humming, still cleaning vigorously. Once I had washed everything apart from the ceiling, hung a fresh blue towel up on the silver rack, and put my lemon and lime bubble bath on the windowsill along with Sylvie’s lavender and rose shower gel, I raced inside to the house.
“Hello, darling,” Sylvie welcomed me as I ran in. “You’ve done great. Sure deserve a treat supper …” she trailed off, grinning, and I beamed at her in delight.
“Great! Tea out!” I cried, happy, flinging my arms around her neck like a baby. “Thanks,” I added, calming down a little.
We set off, walking down the street hand in hand. My stomach lurched when I thought of Chloe saying all those rude things about Sylvie and me, but I cast her out of my mind as I ate fish and chips with green peas. The delicious food calmed me down and I relaxed, sipping a coke float topped with vanilla ice cream, followed with pudding; a warm toffee fudge brownie and white chocolate sauce dripping over it like cream over strawberries.
That night I couldn’t sleep (I had bagged the single bedroom – Sylvie was sleeping on the living-room floor, with just a threadbare rug to keep her warm). I just lay there, tossing and turning, worrying all the while, lost in a bleak world of grey. My mind was racing yet I felt empty and cold, shivering even when I pulled the frayed covers right over my head. But I couldn’t get rid of that sick feeling that I had in the pit of my stomach, no matter how hard I tried. At about three o’clock in the morning, I suddenly sat up and was violently sick. Sylvie came running through, treating me like a baby, cleaning me up and helping me get changed, then hugging me close like she hoped we could stay like that forever. But eventually, when she was yawning and my fever had gone down, she left me and I felt even worse. That empty feeling became so big it took over; my head, throat, neck, chest, stomach, arms and legs started to ache terribly, even though I was resting in bed, reading a little and sipping fresh water regularly.
I woke to the sound of Sylvie singing in her high, sweet voice. It was such a lovely sound I lay in bed for ten minutes, listening contentedly. My stomach was still empty, and I certainly did not wish for any breakfast, but I could lie still quite happily now.
“Hello, my Sapphy,” Sylvie whispered as she padded into my room in her soft silk slippers. “Oh darling, how are you feeling?”
“Better,” I mumbled shortly, giving her a ghost of my own normal smile.
She smiled half-heartedly back at me, her forehead creased in worry lines. She bent over my head, kissed me and left the room, shutting the door.
I tried to fall asleep again, but my eyes had opened and weren’t going to shut until tonight. Sighing heavily, I sat up and wondered what I should do. What could I do? How could I bring in good money? Where could I go? Sighing again, I remembered my two jobs that I had stopped. Oops. Now they might not take me back. But if I explained my present situation, maybe they would take pity on me and let me stay, providing I never stopped for short periods again? I would work doubly hard …
I had to get them to take me back! Feeling suddenly determined, I got up and pulled on some leggings and a dark top. I washed my face and brushed my teeth, combing my hair and clipping my fringe back, slipping on gold sandals too.
“Oh, Sapphire, no! No work today, sweetie!” Sylvie saw me coming down the stairs, dressed. She tried to usher me upstairs, but I stood my ground firmly.
”No,” I pushed her away, saying, “I’m OK. Please, Sylvie, just a few hours.”
“Hmmmmm,” Sylvie replied, but let me go. “All right! Sapphire, promise you’ll come home by ten, missy,” she added, pulling my side ponytail cheekily.
“OK. See you!” I ran off, hearing the clock chime nine.

As I rushed to the nail salon, I knocked on the pink door hopefully, trying to clean my face and hair quickly.
“Hello?” Amy answered the door, letting me in. Her pale smiling face ceased into a frown when she saw me.
“Oh dear! Sapphire Burne! Where on earth have you been? Why didn’t you call us?” Eve didn’t give me time to answer.
“I’m really sorry. But I found my sister, you see, and was living with her and her friend until … until … we fell out, big time,” I explained, trying my best to keep my head up.
“Oh. Well, you could have called us, but I guess you can resume. It was only three days,” Eve let me know, smiling regretfully.
I hugged her then calmed down and saw my new workmate, Ayesha Marimba. She was simpering away to her new customers, telling them about her and her ‘amazing’ life. The customers were concentrating on her totally, but seemed a little bored when she got to her beloved pets and very close family.
“Wow, dear, it seems your life is very interesting, Ayesha.” A large woman holding a crying baby sighed, burping the baby continuously. But she didn’t seem very interested: I saw her worry lines deepen, her frown stay, her tired eyes stare. Her sad mouth did not move.
Ayesha showed off for about half an hour until finally someone told her to be quiet, and she shut up and sulked sullenly for the next hour, until mid-morning break.
“Ayesha! Stop being a sullen brat! Honestly! You should have shut up hours before that man asked you nicely to be quiet,” I informed her, a little snootily.
“You shut your mouth, Miss Stupid Sapphire. It’s not like you’re a professional here. I shan’t do what you tell me. You’re not the boss,” she hissed in retaliation.
“Huh! Miss Fiery! Calm down, calm now,” I teased, holding in my laughter.
She snarled fiercely at me, while I sat demurely in front of Eve and Amy, painting my nails red to silver, putting a reversed colour heart right in the centre of my thumbnails. After an after-coat and gold glitter, I blew them dry and then squirted a longer-lasting spray over them. Sitting back in satisfaction, I sipped my tea and ate a few pink wafers, thinking how lucky I was to be able to come back and work.
“Break’s over! Come on! Sapphire, Ella, go to the stock room and sort the nail varnishes, polishes, removers, stickers. Ayesha, you’re on customer service, please, no chatting from you now! Amy, I want you to show people all the different nail designs and top-coats – give them samples if you like!“ Eve called out from a list, marking off people’s names as she went.
I ran to the stock room along with Ella, a fair-haired girl with a pixie-like appearance; she was good fun and we all liked her. She went up to the store room in the dark attic to find the three boxes of polishes. Tipping them out, I sorted the red ones, the orange ones, the yellow, the green, the light blue (we sorted light and dark blue separately because there were so many) the dark blue, the violet, the lilac, the indigo and purple together, the gold, the whites, the beiges, the creams, the pale pink and dark pink separately, the silver and sparkles. Then we had the task of putting them in the nail ‘wheel’, which had one hundred and twenty slots. After twenty minutes of confused slotting, we sat back and rested, then tackled the second huge wheel, which was only for sparkles and glitter. They were harder to sort because of the neon colours, and we weren’t sure which group to put them in. But in two hours we had sorted both of those, the nail stickers (which were like mini nail tattoos and went in little cases for paper), the nail gems, which went in tiny plastic wallets so the colours wouldn’t peel off, the nail pens, which we had about a hundred of, and the skin tattoos, which we sometimes used on children for a full hand manicure.
“Well done! Good work, both of you.” Amy came to check on us, and we followed her out of the dusty room to our new shift. Amy lugged the two wheels to another storage room, and carried the other nail products downstairs to use.
Ella and I were both on manicures now, so we hurried off to the queue, heating up the steaming bowl.
“Hello. What can I do for you?” I asked a rich-looking lady, eying her bulging purse hopefully.
“A nail manicure and full paint. And stop looking at my purse, you cash-eater!” She ordered, slipping it into her bag and offering the change to Ella, who took it and put it in the cash box.
I blushed at her remark, and behaved off-handedly for the rest of the procedure. Ella made up for me, chatting away to the lady and heating her steam bath to the right temperature before adding rose and lavender scents, along with the usual bubble bath potions.
“Well, quite the stroppy cow, aren’t we?” the lady asked, grinning at me slyly.
I wanted to say, “No, you are, but I’ll go along with it if you really want me to, Miss Moo-moo!” But settled for a cold, “I’ll thank you to keep your personal opinions to yourself, Madam.”
She raised her blacked eyebrows, but looked embarrassed and didn’t make a further comment. I gave her a little nod of triumph, as if to say, “Well, that put you in your place!”
She gave Ella an extra-big tip – almost as if she wanted to make it clear she would never spend a penny on me. But once she had turned her back, Ella pressed the note into my hand.
“You deserve it more than me,” she murmured, noticing the dark rings around my eyes and seeing my scraggly, knotted hair in a messy ponytail. “I know you have moved to somewhere slightly … harder to live in. So take this now, Sapphire, and don’t think you need pay it back.”
I smiled happily, pleased that I had such a generous kind friend. Ella was really nice to me all that day, and even gave me her lunch-break sandwiches.

“Sapphire and Ayesha, go downstairs immediately. The nail-painting queue is getting bigger and bigger! Now, please!” Eve urged.
We glared at each other ferociously, while rushing down the stairs two at a time. We saw the necessary polishes and sparkles were already set out on the table, and sat down, ready to begin.
I painted eight people’s nails; a tiny Chinese girl aged about eight who decided on deep red polish with silver and gold sparkles on the top; a middle-aged lady with three kids who had hot pink with black nail pens in swirls; a young teenager with short cropped hair who wanted black sparkles; a blonde-haired beauty aged about twelve who chose deep purple with pale blue tips and red hearts on the centre; two tiny twins who both liked pearly pink; an adult about twenty with lovely long hair who had lilac and pink; and a pretty girl aged about five who decided on deep blue and purple.
Ayesha was still chatting to her customers, although they seemed more lively this time and chatted back, nodding in approval whenever she said something. Many took a shine to her and tipped her, and she collected £3.80 from all her six clients. I managed to raise £4.35, and pocketed it gladly to take back to Sylvie.
At 2:30, Eve doled out our wages. She gave me the full day’s money, and I thanked her, knowing that I had been late.


Chapter 11

Walking towards the rich houses, I knew exactly what I had to do. I knocked on the first door, stepping back a little nervously and trying to tidy my hair, even though I had already brushed it.
“Hello? Who on earth are you, then?” a fat, jolly-looking man asked, standing there at the door entrance.
“I am looking for a cleaning job, sir. Do you need any cleaning done? Would you take me on?” I said, taking a risk.
He looked at me thoughtfully for a second, scratching his sticking-up hair. After about a minute he said, sighing, “OK, Miss. Mind, you try any stupid misbehaviour, then you’ll find yourself thrown out, no money.”
“Will you pay each week, or day, or month?” I wondered out loud.
“Every two days, I think. Fair deal. So how about two hours per day, £8 for the two days together? Pretty good deal,” he decided, looking at me.
“Great. I am free now, so from three to five is fine with me. I can start now if you like.”
“Three till five is perfect, thanks. Here’s the stuff you need.” He disappeared for a few minutes, and then came back, his arms full of mops and brushes and cleaning sprays.
“Thank you. I shall start upstairs, do each room – dust, vacuum, clean, tidy – and then do downstairs. I shall sweep and mop the kitchen floor too,” I offered, trying to sound professional and businesslike.
I trudged upstairs and found the two bathrooms first, not looking forward to cleaning them at all. Once I had the knack of cleaning the floor tiles with the lemon-flavour wipes, I scrubbed the toilet pan good and hard, then flushed once with a lot of blue bleach. It shone, and I was happy at my superior cleaning skills. I washed the sink and bath too, rinsing out all the toothpaste carefully, rearranging the toiletries by the bath too.
After vacuuming the upstairs, my arms and back ached unbearably. The carpet was messy and thick, so it took about ten minutes to do each separate room. The dusting was easier, but the feather duster made me sneeze so I used the rag and spray, taking care to polish each dust-covered surface.
The man came up to inspect my work soon, so I did my best to give him a good impression. I skipped and danced lightly around the rooms, vacuuming to my heart’s content, making each stroke vanish many dirty flakes.
He nodded at me, impressed, and told me to come downstairs for a break. He had laid the table with a selection of fancy biscuits and cakes: chocolate bourbons, homemade choc-chip cookies, raisin and oatmeal cookies, millionaire’s shortbread, scones, lemon drizzle and a huge rich Victoria sponge with thick cream and cherry jam oozing out of the middle, icing swirled in delicate lumps, topped off with caramel swirls, marshmallows and Smarties lined up around the edges, hundreds and thousands sprinkled generously on the centre.
“For my kids,” he said, beaming lovingly. “May, Selena and my little Amber. Max and Sam are at school too – due home in ten minutes. All my lovies, those kids.” He went off in a dream, but I just focused on the table.
“Is this all for them?” I asked nosily.
“Well, most of it – but some for me too! A little credit for the cook! Sapphire, you come and join us too, my lovely. I’m Jerry, by the way.”
“Well, thank you,” I replied, a little taken aback. “How nice of you! I can’t wait to meet the kids.”
I set about the room, cleaning it a little, making it nice and homely. Jerry winked at me fun-lovingly, and I winked back, totally over the moon.

“Hello, Selena! Guess what! We have a lovely young cleaner each day now. She is called Sapphire, and is really looking forward to meeting you!” he cried, giving her a quick hug.
“Hello, Sapphire. I’m Selena, nice to meet you. Are you our new cleaner then?”
“Well, yes. I came today, and will come each day at this time to clean and tidy your lovely house,” I replied, liking her instantly. Her open face was honey-coloured, her dark eyes were honest and forgiving, and her lips were stretched into a cheery smile. She took me up to her bedroom, treating me as a proper friend, and showed me all her things in detail as if I was an inspector come to investigate her room. But she spoke lightly and happily, showing no sign of boredom or meanness, and I liked her a lot.
“Huh? Oh, it’s Sapphire, the new maid! Hello,” a thin, reedy voice piped up from outside the door. She pushed it forward, showing a pink-cheeked face and green eyes, fair hair and a cheeky grin.
“Hello?” I said uncertainly.
“Oh, May, stop humiliating poor Sapphire! She is not a maid, just a lovely friend who helps us clean the house each day, keep it nice. And we should treat her as a friend, you know.” Selena ticked May off openly.
“Yeah, yeah, whatever,” May yawned, trying to act cool. I guessed she was about ten. ”So, Sapphire, what made you ask Daddy for work?”
“I needed a job,” I replied shortly, not wanting to give anything away.

I crept downstairs to finish off the kitchen. Once I had scrubbed and mopped the floor, washed the sideboard, cleaned the oven and washed up, I raced back to May, Selena and Amber (who had arrived while I was cleaning) and told them it was tea time.
“Yay!” cried May, holding up her skirts and sitting on the gilt banisters, giving herself a push and flying down at top speed.
“Great.” Amber and Selena followed after sedately.
“Oh, are you joining us for supper? Please say Sapphire can join us for supper!” begged Amber.
“Of course she can!” Jerry laughed, holding out a chair for me.
I sat down, relieved, and feasted on the treaty tea, loving the sweet taste of lemon drizzle and the rich creaminess of the fudge cake. Jerry had even gone to the trouble of making a big cupcake which read, ‘Good luck and thank you, Sapphire!’ I was so grateful to him that I actually hugged him, and he pulled away a little, embarrassed. We ate a delicious salad after: fresh mango, cut-up apple, sweet strawberries, pale peach, fuzzy apricot and a little grated orange zest. Everyone was so normal and nice to me I almost felt like one of the family.
“Oh look – five o’clock already!” exclaimed Jerry heartily, hearing the chiming cuckoo clock in the corner.
“Oh, I must go! My sister must be worried about me.” I got up to leave.
“Hey – how old is this sister?” asked Jerry, in a whisper once we had reached the front door.
“Twenty-two,” I replied, wondering why he wanted to know.
“Oh,” he said, but carried on, “Would she like to work for me too? I’d be happy to pay double for the two of you.”
“Yes, I’m sure she would. I’ll bring her along tomorrow if so. Thank you!” I said, silently rejoicing.
“Great! See you tomorrow, Sapphire. Thank you and well done.”
“Bye!” I shouted, walking along the path and waving.
As I saw my watch, I decided to go quickly back to Sylvie and tell her the good news. With my money, I bought two BLT sandwiches, a pot of spicy pasta to share and a pot of strawberries each, saving quite a lot too. Sylvie thanked me excessively, and when we were sitting on the soft sagging sofa eating our tea, we chatted about the day.
“So, why are you so excited?” Sylvie munched, seeing my pent-up excitement.
“Because my lovely new employer Jerry has asked you to help too!” I cried.
“Who? What? You’re not making sense, Sapphire!” she said, confused.
“Today, after I left the nail salon at half past two, I went looking for a new cleaning job. The posh houses near Ashy Corner were my first choice, so I went over to ask for employment. On the first door I knocked on, a man came to the door and listened to my speech, then took me on. So he invited me in, and set the deal for three till five, every day, same time. Every other day he will pay me £8. And if you join too, we can clean the house well together, earn £16 and have fun together! Jerry is really nice; his attitude is fun-loving and natural, and all his five kids are friendly and happy too, if a little too loud. He bakes astoundingly – and the tea that I just had was amazingly fantastic! Oh, that delicious sponge cake …”
“You know what? I’ll do it! Tomorrow, I’ll make that money! You and I, Sapphire, and I’m so amazingly proud of you,” Sylvie said, hugging me tight. “Hey, did I tell you about my new job? In a baker’s shop, the big one with delicious pies and buns on Spring Drive, near the massive market in Linden Street. Well, I smelt the cakes baking, and walked in. I was trying to choose what to buy when a lovely young woman came over, a little plump but you would be working in a bakery, wouldn’t you? She asked me if I wanted to work there, seeing I only had a little change left, and looked hungry. She took me to the staffroom there, and I listened to what she wanted me to do while eating fantastic apple and cinnamon cookies and cranberry oatmeal biscuits. I was very excited, and said yes immediately. So I have my rota, and a little something for you,” Sylvie explained, smiling as she passed me a thick brown paper parcel.
I opened it carefully, revealing a double chocolate cookie, a vanilla and white chocolate cake with caramel icing, and two small pear-and-apple pies, both still steaming hot. Sylvie had obviously slipped away to heat them up while I was devouring my second tea.
“Oh, thanks! They smell heavenly.” I breathed in deeply, taking in the cloudy smell of cooking apples and fresh pears.
“I got them free, and this too,” She delved into her jeans pocket and found six ten-pound notes. “This is for a seven-day week – only ten till half-two each day.”
“Where’s Linden Street? Is it close to Ashy Corner?” I started to panic. “What if you can’t make it to Jerry’s house in time?”
“Well, pass the map!” suggested Sylvie sensibly. “Here it is – it says a twenty-minute walk, or five-minute cycle. Not bad, but I’ll have to memorise the way.”
She stared at the map for an hour, looking at it reproachfully when she lost her place and had to take the trouble in finding it again. I sat on the sofa, having left the sweet treats for later, full up from the previous cakes and slightly more sensible tea afterwards.
I went to my waiting job, weary and disheartened, but I was thankfully let off early and collected my money, exhausted after three hours of rudeness and sharpness from the crazed men, drinking their money away without a care in the world.

I hopped up the stairs that night, wondering about staying the night in the only bedroom, where Sylvie was sleeping tonight, instead of suffering outside. I made a bundle of bedding on the shorn, straggled carpet, adding a few of my warmest fleeces which Chloe had posted to me, along with all my other belongings, over the top to preserve my heat, knowing how cold it was going without.
I tried again to fall asleep, but couldn’t. The house was noisy at night, which was terribly inconvenient: taps dripped and I couldn’t turn them off totally, the wind rattled the window frames and gave me a headache, the rain hammered harshly against the wooden roof and seeped through, gradually becoming wetter and wetter. Shutting out the persistent noise, I wrapped the germy grey pillow around my head, trying desperately to get some sleep. I saw the little grandfather clock that looked strangely out of place in the bleak miserable house, the time showing three fifteen. Without knowing it, I dropped off.
In the morning, I found that Sylvie had already gone. Half past seven? Where on earth was she? Oh well. I turned over and fell back to sleep, all alone in this wet and windy place. But soon my attempts to get some more sleep were failing as the cheery sunshine spilt through the corners and slits of my useless blind, flapping around happily as a gust of wind unsettled it again.
Once I was fully dressed in my pink T-shirt with stars and purple jeans, covered with a lilac denim jacket and delicate floating blue scarf, I went along the high street, listening as stallholders shouted out their wares of, “Come and buy your fresh five-a-day, healthy and delicious, just delivered today!” or, “Shoes, shoes, shoes! All the kinds of shoes you need, from sandals to wellingtons. Look at my tiny shoes – perfect for your little darlings! Come and buy a pair now, right now, and save a fortune here!”
I stopped outside a particularly big stall, brimming with oranges and apples and kiwis and coconuts. The man running it was brisk and burly, hurling your orders across the piles of fruit and banging the change down in front of them. He never took any time on anyone; barely glanced at the fruit he was handling, just threw it in wholeheartedly.
“Well, madam, what you staring at? Come to order a pineapple or two? Perhaps an apple, or an orange?” he suddenly addressed me, shouting across his bewildered customers.
“No, Mister. I was only looking.” I retorted, turning on my heel and walking off, head high.
“Ooh, Miss Hoity-Toity,” he called after me in his hoarse, rasping voice. “Temper, temper!”
I passed many interesting shops including a wood-carver, an artist, a baker and a photographing stall, littered with photo frames.
I bought a length of velvet in a cheap material store off a quiet drive, isolated from the hubbub of noise at the market, along with pink and green wool, a lot of deep indigo fur and a full five metres of blue-and-white striped cloth.

Stopping in a corner shop that sold absolutely everything, I bought a pair of scissors, shining stones embellished on the cold frame. I finally decided on white, red and black thread in a tin with a whole pack of pins, fifty assorted buttons and many sharp needles, imprisoned in a short length of embroidered fabric that went for an extremely low price.
Returning home, I burrowed into my paper bag, pulling out the blue-and-white cloth, a slim needle with a small eye and the white thread. Threading the needle with difficulty, I began to stitch the edges over and over, reducing the size enormously. Once I had gone round the edge three times over, I cross-stitched my way back again, the white thread disappearing rapidly. Happy now, I sewed a few buttons on, making sure they were all sky blue or fluffy white, matching exactly.
Now I draped them over our bedroom window, fitting perfectly over the protesting blinds. I stuck them on the wall with a roll of Velcro, gluing it on the wall straight to secure it. I then ran off to work, feeling lighter inside.
Work was easy and had a friendly atmosphere, and as I polished nails continually, I hummed ecstatically inside my clear head. Outside, the sky was cornflower blue and the shady lawn was jade green, tulips and daisies popping up from every blade of fine green grass.
As I reached home after the nail salon, I picked up the furry material resolutely and began stitching away, the needle flying in and out of the material as easily as sewing up a hole in my woollen tights. Soon, the purple fur resembled a heart, although the pins that were holding it together had slipped out of place a little and the shape had fallen away stitch by stitch. Now I selected quite a lot of pink and blue buttons, arranging them in two littler hearts inside the one big one, and cleverly embroidering a frilly heart in the middle of them, giving it an interesting layered affect. I placed it proudly on the carpet in our room, exactly in the centre, in pride of place.
Rushing a little now, I grabbed the dark velvet and hung it around the condensation-covered window, luckily having a little to spare. The extras were scrunched up into a tight ball, then fitted on a silver clip and scraped in my hair.
I then caught the bus to Ashy Corner, reaching Jerry’s house with seconds to spare.
After I had come out of my evening job at Pasta Palace, a good-looking boy came after me and started to try to impress me, walking alone at this late hour (it was about eleven thirty by now!) and chatting to his mates who were laughing and drinking alcohol, and then he was doing it too, straight from the bottle.
“Hey – you! Come here, missy!” shouted a tall dark lad, then gulped some more beer from his thin-necked green bottle.
“Why should I?” I called, half-running.
“Please,” cried the cutest boy, blinking at me. “Oh, please!”
I considered while still trying to walk away quickly.
“No!” I shouted, having made up my mind.
By the time I had left the high street, most of the boys were gone apart from the cutest and the most good-looking, who were both smiling at me hopefully.
“What?” I asked witheringly, standing about five steps in front of them.
“Have a drink?” the taller boy said.
“OK,” I agreed readily, unable to decline this offer with two adorable boys and a needed drink.
We sat down at a triangular table in the corner and talked quietly but interestedly to each other over our coke floats. I chatted eagerly to the listening boys, who were sipping steadily and grinning at me.
“Oh no!” cried the small tanned boy, his cute blue eyes shining in horror. “I have to get home – my mum will kill me!”
Leaving a piece of paper on my lap, he dropped his share of money on the table and scarpered, running away down the dark and creepy alleys.
“Come on,” the other boy urged, a little glint in his deep brown eye. “Let’s go to the park!” I knew by now his name was Jay, and liked him a little more than Tommy, the other, cute boy who had left before us.
Jay had a really lovely face – quite pale, soft brown skin, deep brown understanding eyes, and long dark lashes that curled up at the ends. His voice was high and kind, but sensitive and quiet too. I loved his pale blond hair, which suited his gorgeous face. He wore casual clothes but looked really great in them, even his neon orange football shoes, visible from a mile away. I just wanted to stay with him, and was a little miffed by his last suggestion.
“OK, but can I talk to you somewhere else for just a second?”
“Why’s that?” he asked, eyebrows raised, but then added, “Sure you can, darling.”
We stepped into the pitch-black night after paying for our coke floats and sundae (which me and Jay shared after Tommy had gone) and walked into a sheltered alley which saved us from the howling wind and lashing rain.
“Jay, I don’t know what it is about you, but I really love you,” I stated, going scarlet with joy and a little embarrassment.
“Well, Sapphire … I love you too, darling,” he whispered, then pulled me close.
My arms slipped around him and we embraced. I breathed heavily, but was safe in his arms and cuddled up close like we were proper girlfriend and boyfriend and this was no big deal whatsoever.
“So … will you be my girlfriend?” he asked, looking deep into my sapphire-blue eyes.
“Of course I will,” I replied. “I love you,” I repeated, surprising myself a little.
He took my arm and we walked, linked, all the way to our house at the end of the three drives and closes and avenues. I was confused and we took a long route instead of the easier, shorter route that I would have been able to find by day. When we arrived, the church clock chimed one, and I invited Jay to stay the night.
“Hello, Sylvie!” I said brightly, trying to close the door so she wouldn’t hear the clock chiming. “Sorry we’re a little late?” I offered by way of apology.
“Oh, Sapphire. Why didn’t you text me?” Sylvie said wearily, but luckily let me off and greeted Jay happily. He smiled at the two of us a little awkwardly then we all took cups of tea to bed and Sylvie retreated upstairs, ready to go to sleep for the night.
“Jay, we sleep downstairs,” I confessed as he made his way to the stairs. Sylvie had bought two mattresses for the living room and a blanket each so we would be warm.
“Oh, lovely! So cosy,” Jay smiled.
I cuddled down in my makeshift bed and sighed contentedly. Jay stayed awake with me all night long, chatting about our future together and playing on our phones and texting each other. In the really early morning, about four o clock, he announced that his girlfriend had dumped him a week ago and he had still been grieving until a beautiful blue-eyed, long-haired girl came along and chatted with him and helped him out of his misery. Me!
At eight in the morning, we had both had about two hours’ sleep. You could tell straight away by looking at us. The sleep from last night was in Jay’s eyes, I kept yawning like a cat and stretching, and we both had the sleepiness in our minds all day long. At three (I didn’t have to work because it was a bank holiday – yay!) Jay headed back to his house, ready to face the music after spending the night at an unknown girl’s house then staying till late afternoon. Oh dear!
The next day, it was back to our normal routine again; get up, have juice and a roll for breakfast, wake Sylvie up, see her off to the baker’s, go to the nail salon, collect my money, have lunch, keep working, go to Jerry’s house, do the cleaning, have a slap-up meal, see the kids, have a chat, work with Sylvie a little more, then go home, rest or read or write, have a hot bath, go out to Pasta Palace, have a tea and some pasta, do my job, collect the money, have a cold drink, rush home, rest, sleep. The routine has stuck in my head, and unable to get out of it, I always wake up at seven thirty now, with no need for an alarm clock. I have practised waking early so much that I do it each day now, regardless of what day it is! But Sylvie is absolutely great at not waking up. Each time I set my alarm for half seven, she sleeps through it and I have to wake her up with a cup of tea!
Jay was waiting outside the Palace again in the evening. He asked if I would go out with him, and I said yes because it truly wasn’t that late – only a weekday, when I finish work at 8:15. I called Sylvie and said I would be back about two hours later. And she agreed readily, although asked me to promise to text when I was coming back.
An hour later, we were at a disco somewhere near Stonehaven, a lovely beach with stones – you guessed it! The actual hall that the disco was held in was an old school off Seaforth Drive, a quiet but friendly lane with lots of nice shops selling souvenirs and postcards of all the nearby beaches and seaside towns.
Jay knew a lot of people there; it might have been ex-girlfriends, or long-lost best friends, or childhood sweethearts. But all the older girls there were really nice and I had a great time out.
“Hey, Sapphire,” Jay mumbled through the beat of the music. “You wanna head off now?”
“Sylvie expects me by a quarter to eleven,” I muttered back, checking the big clock in one corner, “you know how long it will take to get back.”
By half past ten, we were strolling along the lit-up high street, enjoying the Christmas lights. It was the tenth of December, and they had all been put up. Holly berries flashed in festive green and jolly red, Santa Clauses grinned at us from other houses, Christmas stockings glowed blue and red and purple on the lamp-posts, candles flickered as if they were actually lit, and gold stars beamed from their position high up on house windows.
“This is nice!” I exclaimed, pointing at a big house with about twenty different lights, including a chain of gold and silver stars hanging from a double window, and Santa’s reindeer flying across one of the walls, a sack of presents tied to the sleigh. I also liked the big image of a Christmas stocking that was overloaded with brilliant, brightly-wrapped presents.
“Come on!” Jay muttered, pulling my arm gently.
We walked on, then came to my ramshackle house. The outside walls had been painted a shining fresh white, and a mini star had been stuck up right on the centre, making the house shine with warmth. A deep green wreath hung from the door, and when I touched it, it began to change colour. The inside was even better. The living room was a sky blue, very bright with fluffy clouds at the bottom of the walls and a yellow sun in the corner. We had changed the carpet – now a pastel pink colour was beneath my toes. The dining room was cream, with little red hearts stained onto each wall, and a set of pink candles in the centre of the table. Our bedroom wasn’t painted yet, but the carpet was now a deep purple, and the old bed had been removed, replaced by a double, its fresh white sheets spread out generously. Even the grimy kitchen was now aquamarine, the cupboards sparkling clean with flowers painted on neatly.
“Wow! Sylvie, how could you have done this by yourself? Oh, you’re the best sister ever!” I laughed, hugging her.
She showed me outside and I marvelled at the loo too – it was now painted white, but the new toilet seat and floor were deep black, the towels hanging up shades of white and black too.
We went up to bed and I saw that Sylvie had painted the landing too – a pale beige with a deep brown border on each metre mark. The two colours contrasted with the pale cream carpet, very fluffy beneath my feet.
“So, how did you get the time and money?” I finally enquired.
“Well, I received lots from Chloe yesterday, actually. She said she was extremely apologetic and we can come to America with her after all; but not for the full year because we had tourist visas. We can stay for eight months, darling, the two of us, and she also said you can bring a friend, who can stay for five months. Anyway, she is coming over next week here so we can have a catch-up. She sent us £1,000, so we have a lot of spending to do for America, particularly as we have no mortgage or bills for this house! So, she will look out for clothes and things like that for us too, so by next Saturday you’ll have a full wardrobe!” she explained.
“Wow! Of course I forgive her! Oh wow – America!” I sang happily, off to text Jay and Ellie and Olivia.

Hey darling,
WUU2? Guess what! Going to America for 8 months! Epic; see you at the Palace 2moro. See U then! Sapphire xx

I pressed the send button and then started a text to Ellie:

Hey BF,
OMG! Going to America for 8 months! Back on with Chloe. Great news! U can come 2, for 5 months. Get buying! I’ll send u some money 2moro. Sapphire xxx

I then texted Olivia, rushing in my haste and excitement.

Hi Olivia,
Great news! Going to America; am friends again with Chloe! She’ll give u the details. U can come for 5 months, if u save up. I’ll send u guys cash 2moro. Hope u can manage. We’ll pay for food, lodgings, clothes, days out, whatever. Chloe has a great modelling job in New York and a small role in Hollywood in a new film, Indian Princess. See U soon. BTW, u can come 2 cos Ellie has a part in Indian Princess too – it’s paying tons of money and she’s happy to spend some on another room for u. Sapphire xxx

I sat on my mattress and curled up into a ball, imagining what I would do when I got to America. My dream was to become a model. New York! Olivia, Ellie and I could try out there. We would walk along the catwalk, dressed up in amazing clothes, with dyed hair, made-up faces, high heels and bright jewellery. We would make hundreds, thousands, millions, billions even! – and buy a beautiful mansion, with a gilt staircase and white fluffy carpet and soft cream sofas. I imagined it so vividly I was practically lying there, head back, legs up, a glossy fashion magazine on my lap, champagne by my side in a gorgeous glass flute. Stretching out luxuriously, my eyes closed, I fell asleep in bliss.


Chapter 12

I drifted through the day, my mind full of images of me and Ellie, best friends and models, together with Olivia, our second-best friend in the whole world. Work was a doddle; I sorted out the different nail stickers and painted the mannequins’ nails in all my favourite designs at the nail salon. I had a sticky toffee bun and cherry scone at Jerry’s, I sipped a coke float at the restaurant afterwards. I collected my money and counted it eagerly, knowing that Jay would be meeting me there ten minutes later.
“Hi!” a deep soft voice said from behind me.
I spun round on my heel and looked at Jay expectantly.
“Hello,” I answered, yawning. “You got my text then?” I added sarcastically.
“Hey!” He took a step back, looking hurt. I blushed a bright pink and stepped towards him, yanking his arm apologetically.
“Sorry, Jay, it’s nothing,” I mumbled, looking at his suit and shiny shoes in bewilderment. “Don’t worry about it, sweetheart.”
He smiled again in his friendly way and led me to a secluded table. “Here, darling,” he laughed, “what would you like?”
I decided on a Crunchie bar sundae and white wine, while he chose a Valentine Surprise and a half-pint.
“It’s not Valentine’s day!”
“So? We’re out on a date, are we not?”
“Well, yeah, but it’s spring! After Valentine’s day. You’ll have to wait … eleven months. Can you do that?”
“Be quiet!”
“No!” I laughed, teasing him again.
We sat there together for about an hour, holding hands over the table. He had soft, tanned hands that held my hand in his like it meant the world to him.
We shared our sundaes. That was why he had got the Valentine Surprise!
“Oh, Sapphire, America!” he suddenly burst out, looking stricken.
“Yeah,” I said wistfully. “I wish you could come, but you can’t. I can’t pay for you and Olivia, Jay. Sorry. I might be able to pay for you to fly over after the first two weeks, though.”
“Why after two weeks?”
“Because …” I told him all about wanting to be a model, and my dreams and desires.
“So who’s your prince then?” he demanded, looking away.
“What? Are you talking of my future husband? Honestly! Don’t you know who I would choose, for God’s sake?” I said scornfully. “You!”
“Me?” he asked, his face lighting up as if he had been lit by a match.

The next week flew by. Nothing much happened. Sylvie still worked in the bakery, and brought home a few delicious treats each night for me. I saw her at Jerry’s, of course, but then I went out after that while she tidied or cleaned the house, made dinner or went out shopping.
“Chloe’s coming round today,” Sylvie reminded me on Sunday morning. I had remembered, but Sylvie wasn’t making it possible to forget for one second.
“Ah! The house! Tidy it before Chloe comes!” she would mutter to herself as she ate her breakfast hurriedly.
“Do the bedrooms!” she would remind herself as she washed the dirty dishes at the sink.
“Sweep the kitchen! Make sure the dining room is clean,” she would mutter, rushing around the house mechanically, like a clockwork doll.
“The bathroom – I forgot! Help, Sapphire, help!” she cried as she finally moved on to the bedrooms, tired and coated in a thin coating of dust after dealing with the living room.
“OK, calm down!” I came down the frost-covered garden, which still had dew on the glades of grass from the early morning.
Taking the brush and opening the one small window, I laboured around the bathroom, polishing the freezing tiles underfoot quickly, scrubbing the bath, bleaching the toilet, washing the taps and desperately failing to scrape away the gathering grime in the cracks of the wall panels.
“Good job!” Sylvie praised as I walked in.
“Thanks.”
I was just sweeping the wooden floors of our kitchen when the doorbell rang. I looked down at my scruffy clothes and ran upstairs, changing into tights and a purple strappy dress with embroidery over the front. I pouted and applied my berry lipstick in front of the mirror, having cleaned my teeth. Finishing outlining my eyes in black eyeliner, I raced back downstairs and saw Chloe standing there, three huge bags slung over her slim arm, a pink and gold purse in her left hand.
“Hello?” Chloe turned to face me and anxiously gave me a hopeful smile. “I’m sorry, Sapphire, darling, really sorry. I don’t know why I teased and tormented you like that. I hope you will forgive me,” she said, adding with sadness, “I understand if you don’t, you can be sure.”
“I understand,” I replied soberly. “Chloe. I know you said that with feeling. But you just persuaded me. Of course I’ll forgive you.”
“Oh – thank you! I was so – so ridiculously cross with myself after you left. I wanted to run up and give you a hug, but, well, I thought you would just push me away,” Chloe said, embracing me with a warm and friendly hug. “I should apologise to you both, Sylvie, you too, seeing as I was horrible to you too. I’m such a pushy girl; but if I am ever horrible to either of you again, you just tell me and I’ll snap straight out of it.”
“Don’t worry, Chloe,” Sylvie murmured, giving Chloe a close hug. “I over-reacted. Come on, let’s just forget about it for now.”
“Oh, thank you! Now – would either of you two care for your ‘sorry’ presents?” Chloe asked with a smile, walking into the living room and sitting down.
I looked at my last present, which was lying unopened at the end of my mattress. Fingering the long, loving letter Chloe had written, tears started in my eyes. I was surprised and angry. Blinking hard, I fought them off and reached for the pile of kind and thoughtful presents, carefully placed by my cabinet: a pink hairband with a beautiful array of well-arranged feather and real-looking jewels tied on a pink satin-covered base, a thin vase for flowers starting with a pale flouncy pink and rising to deep purple at the curled rim, a group of fat wax candles with pink and purple hearts painted on and a lovely set of photo frames, in all different shades, with personalised words on, with pictures as well, all my favourite things. She had made us each a pretty card too, tied with a love heart ribbon. Mine had lots of silver and red confetti inside, and two £10 notes. Sylvie’s had a lot of purple bank notes, presumably £20 notes, and they cascaded out of her card like a paper fountain. She stuffed them away, blushing, but thanked Chloe extravagantly.
“Chloe, have you got a better modelling contract in America?” I asked, knowing the answer.
“Yes. They want me there for over three years now!” She sighed, looking a little worn out. “Honestly, those people – so bossy, so pushy. It’s my life, and do I get to choose? No I don’t! Really, it’s like they’re taking care of the whole of my flipping future career, for God’s sake!” she exclaimed.
“Er, yeah, sure, but you wouldn’t be earning that much if they hadn’t helped you step up to a better modelling career! Wow! Look at the time! Shall we go out for lunch?” Sylvie suggested.
“Yeah, why not?”
“Shall we go to the nice sandwich bar, Sylvie?”
“Nah – cheap ain’t my style.” Chloe shrugged off the suggestion.
“So what is?” Sylvie and I asked with sarcasm.
“Posh. Stylish. Romantic. Expensive. That kind of thing.”
“Honestly, Chloe. There ain’t anything like that here in this dump.”
“Huh! Bet there is. Come on, we’ll find somewhere.”
“All right,” we said in unison.
We put on our coats (Sylvie had just received a new coat from Chloe, along with house decorations, posh boots, body spray, room fresheners and perfume as her ‘sorry’ presents) and locked the door behind us, walking into town. We showed Chloe several nice restaurants and a healthy salad bar, but she raised her eyebrows disdainfully. Once we had trekked the length of the high street, Chloe finally spotted a posh-looking Indian restaurant, partly hidden behind a forest of conifers, swaying to and fro in the rhythm of the gentle breeze.
“Great,” Sylvie agreed.
“Nice,” I replied happily. “Chloe, you’re amazing.”
This was exactly the thing to say to Chloe, who preened and purred with clear self-affection, smiling all over her lovely face. She was like a young girl, purring in pleasure at the comments from others.
“Well, thanks,” Chloe beamed. “I wouldn’t go that far, Sapphy!”
I was surprised by this reply. I wouldn’t have thought Chloe would’ve brushed away any praise.
“Well, that was brilliant!” Chloe said after our meal, lying back in her purple leather armchair and sipping the last of her lime and lemonade after finishing her spicy chicken and veg soup, poppadums and colourful rice.
“Well, you can say that again!” Sylvie sighed, having finished her mild curry and poppadums.
I ate with relish, loving my guacamole dips and spicy Indian crisps, salsa (a very hot mixture of spicy pepper and tomatoes) and colourful rice. My Indian drink, Rainbow Relish, was a mixture of strong vibrant juices, a fizzy, sweet drink like lemonade, and tasted fabulous. Sylvie had the same and also loved it.
We walked home after lunch and sat down. The living room was brightened up by Chloe’s presents: my candles were arranged on the small cabinet beside the sagging sofa in two elaborate holders, the furry purple rug covered the old carpet, my gorgeous vase was in pride of place on the centre table with a bunch of tulips in it, and a few of the photo frames with my favourite pictures in were placed around the house. Sylvie had sprayed her lily and jasmine house spray everywhere, making the house smell amazing.
“Shall we go out for dinner as well?” queried Chloe at a quarter to eight.
“Sure.”
“Let’s go!”
We drove off in Chloe’s pink sports car, playing loud music. Other people, in cars or walking, stared at us. But for once I didn’t care.
“Where shall we go?” I asked.
“I know of a lovely place where they do brilliant steaks and pies. How about there?” Chloe asked, driving along.
“Nice,” I agreed. “Chloe, you always know what you want and where it is,” I added, grinning.
The fancy restaurant was quite a way off, but we talked about America for the time in the car.
“What kind of clothes should I get?”
“What? Anything you want, silly. The money’s yours to spend. Get some sun cream and perfumes too – nothing’s too grand for a night out in New York!” Chloe said to me.
“OK,” I replied. “What kind of clothes will you wear?”
“Oh, I’ve already been to the shops. I bought some great tops, believe me! I got one strappy red one with a black sequined neckline, a purple wrap-around top with pink lace edging, a top of three different shades of blue, with green and white beads sewn on to the collar and, finally, a beautiful black silky long top with lovely grey lace around the hem. Oh, and the dresses! I got five – one flouncy pink with a lace collar and purple hem with white hearts on the bodice; a deep blue one with an array of beads on the skirt and a black velvet cape to go with it; one scarlet with pink tights and a long flowing skirt; one shiny black with a tiny mini-skirt, and – my favourite – a long elegant white one that I wore with silk tights and long posh gloves – and I got three necklaces too!” she described them all in elaborate detail.
Soon after, we came to a huge mock-Tudor house, all black beams and criss-crossed lead windows, with a gravel drive leading up to it. I gasped in amazement; Sylvie gaped in astonishment.
“I wanted to show you two my new house,” Chloe gulped nervously. “What do you think?”
I stared at her in bewilderment.
“Chloe!”
“It’s true. I had a huge modelling job for this new clothes company, and I got paid. A lot. So I decided to move to my dream house, and here it is. You see, I was a child star, Sylvie, but I never told you, so I lived in that lovely cottage until I decided to really up the ante. I moved in last Wednesday.”
“Wow! So this is your house?” I marvelled.
“Yep,” Chloe answered, unlocking the door. “Anyway – would you care to make it our house?”
“Yes, yes, yes!” I screamed, flinging myself at her.
“Yes, yes, yes!” Sylvie exclaimed too, but she wasn’t mocking me.
“Fab!” Chloe said, going in.
We tiptoed in on the red carpet, immensely proud of what Chloe had achieved. The high ceilings had lots of beautiful swirls and pictures; the grand mirror at the end of the hall was gilt; the heavy mahogany doors had ornate door handles; the cream sofas were brand new and comfortable; the rooms were very light and airy and spacious. I held my breath as I walked around each silent room, as if I were in Buckingham Palace with the Queen.
“Well?” Chloe asked us after we’d toured the three floors and the annexe.
“Well, what? If you want my opinion, I can’t say. I’m speechless!” Sylvie laughed.
“Me too,” I added.
Chloe led us into one of three living rooms and sat down, opening a huge tin of fancy chocolates. We each popped one in our mouths and relaxed too, lying back, carefree, not worrying about a single thing.
“Ah – Chloe, are you sure we can share this beautiful house with you?”
“Of course,” Chloe said, facing Sylvie. “You are my best friend in all the world. Sapphire, you come second.”

The End

Thank you 

Thank you for reading my book. I hope you enjoyed it! If you did, please could you take a moment to leave me a review? 
Thanks!
Rebecca 


About the author
Rebecca is ten and this is her first book. Her favourite author is Jacqueline Wilson. 
 
Email jane.hammett@sky.com for updates on new books by Rebecca Hammett! 

