SUN CATCHER

by Angela Dorsey & Marina Miller

Copyright 2012 Angela Dorsey & Marina Miller
www.aydorsey.com
Published by Enchanted Pony Books
www.ponybooks.com



License Notes:
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents

Sun Catcher
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Sun Chaser
Also Available by Angela Dorsey
Connect

Chapter 1


Smoke billowed upward in great wafts, becoming lost to the star studded sky. Drums thundered. Hypnotic chanting rolled like waves over the crowd gathered before the huge bonfire. Sitting at the back, Lost River adjusted her position. She might as well get comfortable; there were hours left to her sister’s naming celebration. Blue Swallow was being initiated as a full member of the tribe, an adult, worthy of an adult name.
Through the crowd, Lost River caught glimpses of her father’s magnificent headdress, its glossy white feathers shimmering and fluttering in a long tail to the ground as he danced before the fire. Pride for his oldest daughter, Blue Swallow, was in every movement he made. Equal delight was alive on the face of their mother, seated beside the fire on Blue Swallow’s right. At least their brother, on Blue Swallow’s left, wasn’t completely glowing with pride. Still, it was obvious he was enjoying himself. In fact, everyone was having a great time. Everyone but Lost River. Her stomach felt like it was tied in knots.
“What is happening?”
Lost River leaned close to Grandmother. “Father is doing the dance to the Sun God,” she whispered. In the shadows cast by the people in front of them, she couldn’t see the milky white of her grandmother’s eyes. She was glad. No matter how much she loved her grandmother, the old woman’s blind eyes still made her uncomfortable. “He is asking for good fortune and long life for Blue Swallow.”
“And our Blue Swallow. How does she look?”
“She’s seated in the place of honour, Mother on one side and Snow Bark on the other.”
“Yes, but how does she look?”
“Smug.”
Grandmother chuckled.
Lost River’s hand flew to her mouth. “I mean, she looks grateful for this honour.”
Grandmother patted her knee. “Do not worry, little one. Your day will come. Blue Swallow is not best at everything.”
Lost River sighed. At least Grandmother believed in her. If only Mother and Father did as well. But then again, why should they have faith in her? She was always speaking when she should stay silent, burning the bannock, or spilling the water. She never did anything right.
She was nothing like Blue Swallow.
“Now Father is dancing the Monster tale, warning Blue Swallow to never wander the lakeshore alone,” she added, swallowing her unhappiness.
The chanting and drums stopped abruptly. Lost River held her breath. This was the part where the monster jumped out and took over the dance. With a crash of drums and a roar from the crowd, a man in a monstrous mask with long jagged teeth leaped in front of the bonfire. Her father faded back to stand beside his family.
Lost River couldn’t stop the twinge that touched her heart. She couldn’t stand with them because she wasn’t yet an adult – but inside her heart she felt the distance was much bigger than the gulf between childhood and adulthood. She felt like a disappointment to them. No, not felt. Was a disappointment. Tears beaded her eyes.
The monster finished his dance, fading away from the fire. Lost River’s father and mother stepped forward, then held their hands back for Blue Swallow to come forward.
Like a chief, Blue Swallow walked toward them, her nose in the air.
“It is time,” Lost River whispered to Grandmother.
Grandmother clasped her hands over her heart. “Oh, what will her new name be?” she whispered.
Probably Perfection, Lost River almost said aloud.
Mother and Father each took one of Blue Swallow’s hands, then Father cleared his throat. “Blue Swallow,” he said in a loud clear voice. “This is the last time your child name shall be used.” They raised her hands high. “From this day forward, you are White Swan!”
The drums boomed. Chanting rose into the sky.
Lost River smiled. White Swan. Of course. The most beautiful animal in existence. What other name would the Sun God give to the perfect girl?
No, not girl. Woman. White Swan was a woman now.
The crowd thinned around Lost River and Grandmother as people pressed forward to congratulate White Swan. Lost River rose to her feet, then helped Grandmother rise as well. “Do you want to go forward now, Grandmother?”
Grandmother’s voice was lost to the noise of the crowd, but she shook her head so Lost River turned back to watch her sister, the knot in her stomach even tighter. What name would she receive when it was her time?
Grandmother touched her arm and Lost River leaned toward her to hear her better. Everyone seemed to be getting louder. “I… wrong… the village.”
“I cannot hear you.”
Grandmother said something completely unintelligible again, and when Lost River shrugged, she pointed back at their homes, the branch and bark huts that would last the fishing season near the lake.
Lost River squinted back into the darkness, made darker by the light of the bonfire. What was Grandmother trying to tell her? Did she want to go back to her tent? She couldn’t have seen anything, but had she heard something strange?
Lost River inhaled sharply. Something was moving beside Rain Cloud’s hut. One of the dogs?
A person. No, wait. A lot of people!
White Swan’s yell dwarfed all sound. “The Blackfeet! The Blackfeet are here!”
For the first time in her life, Lost River didn’t care that her sister had done something first. Fear spiked through her heart and for a moment, she couldn’t think of anything but running.
Screams of panic and cries of rage sounded around her. The warriors of her tribe rushed toward the strangers, dodging women, almost trampling children. But they had no weapons!
A group of children ran past, heading for the nearby forest.
“Run, Lost River! Run!” Her best friend, Pale Moon.
“Wait for me!” Lost River cried and ran after Pale Moon. An arrow whizzed past her head and she dove for the ground. A warrior jumped over her as she gasped for breath.
And then she remembered. Grandmother! She’d left Grandmother behind.
Lost River leaped to her feet and spun around. Smoke billowed along the ground, and shadows darted in and out of it, coughing and calling each other. Someone had scattered the bonfire, probably her own tribe, to give them the cover they needed to escape.
And Grandmother was gone.
Gathering her courage, Lost River sprinted toward the remaining blaze. At least she’d be able to see if Grandmother was there. Desperately, she ran though the haze. A shadow loomed out of the smoke, and then another. Blackfeet warriors.
Lost River fell flat to the ground. Maybe they hadn’t seen her.
More Blackfeet rushed to the fire, grabbed burning sticks and ran away. Lost River felt her heart sink. They were going to burn her village.
Then she saw the small form hunched on the ground. Grandmother.
Keeping low, Lost River dashed toward her. “Grandmother, we have to go,” she whispered, grabbing the thin arm. How frail Grandmother felt, as if a wisp of wind could knock her over.
Though she couldn’t see through her milky eyes, Grandmother squinted at her. “Lost River?” she asked in a trembling voice. “Is that you?”
“Yes, Grandmother, it’s me. Come, we must go now. The Blackfeet are attacking our village. We must get to safety.” She looked up when new brightness bloomed, this time from her own family’s hut, just yards away. But her family wouldn’t be there. Her mother and White Swan would be safe in the forest by now. Only her father and brother would be in danger as they fought off the raiders.
Grandmother nodded gravely and Lost River helped her to her feet. Infinitely slowly, they shuffled toward the forest. Cries echoed around them. Enemy warriors burst from the smoke and raced past them as if they weren’t there. A young girl and an old woman must be nothing to them.
An arrow whizzed past Lost River’s head, but all she did was duck lower and keep moving at Grandmother’s agonizingly slow pace. The edge of the trees inched closer and closer, and finally, after an eternity, they reached the first trunk. Lost River looked around frantically. Was anyone in her tribe waiting for her? Her family? Her friends?
No. No one had waited.
For a horrible moment, she wondered if they hadn’t waited because she wasn’t White Swan. She couldn’t imagine them leaving her older sister behind. But she, Lost River, wasn’t important. Grandmother wasn’t important.
A loud scream, unlike anything she had heard before in her life, blasted her self-pity to nothing.
“River!” Grandmother cried out, and clutched her arm even tighter.
Lost River spun around. Was it the monster? It had to be. What else could make a sound so horrifying?
The entire village was ablaze now. She could see shadows moving before the flames, no longer fighting. The men that were left were Blackfeet.
Fear rose up in her throat, choking her. What if Father had been hurt? Or worse, killed? What if her brother, Snow Bark, lay injured somewhere? And even if her father and brother were safe, there might be some in her tribe who hadn’t survived this night, the night of White Swan’s naming. Forever it would be considered a bad luck day now, the day the Blackfeet had caught them unaware, something that had never happened before. For the first time ever, Lost River felt sorry for her sister.
“What was that noise?” Grandma wavered beside her.
“I don’t know.”
And then she saw it. A great beast moving between the blazing huts like a stag without horns, as bright as the fire that surrounded it, glowing like the sun. Its neck was arched like a swan and gleaming white hair tumbled down from the top of its neck like snow on the mountains. Its eyes were large and dark, reflecting fire. From its back, a man’s body protruded, wearing a headdress as great as her father’s but with feathers black as midnight. His face was painted, lined, and scarred – and as frightening as the sun-fire part of him was beautiful.
“The Sun God,” Lost River whispered in awe.
Grandmother squinted toward the village. “What did you say?”
Suddenly, the sun-fire part of the Sun God lifted its glowing head high and pointed its delicate ears toward the forest. Toward them. Lost River ducked behind the nearest tree with a gasp, pulling Grandmother with her before the dark part of the God could see them too.
“We must go, Grandmother,” she said. “Hurry!”
They stumbled through the forest as fast as Grandmother’s old legs could carry her – but in Lost River’s heart, in her mind, she was back in the burning village, still watching the great and terrible thing she’d seen, this creature that could be none other than the Sun God descended to earth.
Chapter 2


Where was everyone? They’d been walking through the forest half the night, and still had met no one from their tribe. Grandmother was slow, but still, they’d covered a lot of ground. Too much, in some ways. Poor Grandmother was exhausted. The last few minutes, she’d been leaning so heavily on Lost River’s arm that she could hardly walk herself. But they couldn’t stop yet. With every passing moment, the rest of the tribe was getting farther away.
“Do you know why you were named Lost River?” Grandmother asked, breaking the silence that had stretched between them for too long.
“No, I don’t,” said Lost River and bit her tongue to keep from saying she didn’t really want to know. She’d already said too many dumb things today.
“Because ever since you could crawl, you never knew which way you wanted to go.”
“Which way should I go now to find everyone, Grandmother?”
“I don’t know.” Grandmother chuckled. “Why ask me? I cannot see!”
Lost River couldn’t stop herself from smiling at Grandmother’s joke, but the smile was only on her face, not in her heart. Why did she have to be the one born lost? She doubted very much that White Swan was wandering the forest right now.
Swan.
Again the sun-fire half of the Sun God leaped into her mind. She’d never even imagined a creature so beautiful. A simple swan paled in comparison.
“And so your mind wanders again.”
Lost River pulled her attention back to the forest around them but everything looked the same. Just trees and darkness. “Wait! How could you tell what I was thinking, Grandmother?”
“Not what you were thinking, Lost River. Just that you weren’t thinking of where we should walk.” They continued on for a moment in silence, then Grandmother spoke again. “What were you thinking?”
“I… I… saw something while the village was burning.”
“Yes?”
Grandmother would never believe her. If only she’d seen it too. “It was nothing,” said Lost River, sighting a patch of starlight through the trees. “Let’s go this way.”
“Yes, my granddaughter.”
Even though they walked as slow as snails, the forest still ended abruptly. Lost River gasped and stopped short. Flat water stretched away like a huge silver sleeping mat beneath the moon. She could even see the islands, two of them, far away.
“Wow.” Though she’d seen the lake many times from a distance, she’d never been so close to it. Only the men who were designated fishers were allowed to go near. Remembering the reason, Lost River lurched back a step. The monster lived in these waters.
“What is that noise, Lost River?” asked Grandmother.
“We are at the lake, Grandmother.”
Grandmother clutched at Lost River’s arm, her grip so tight it hurt. “We must go!” she cried, and released her hold to stumble away from shore alone. Lost River grabbed Grandmother just as she started to fall and helped her move back beneath the trees. Safe once more, Lost River looked back to study the silver surface for a hint of the monster, but the moonlight showed nothing – partially because of smoke drifting over the water. Smoke? Had she led Grandmother in a big circle? Were they close to the burning village again? Or could the smoke travel this far?
“What is it, Granddaughter?”
“Nothing, Grandmother. Don’t worry. All is well.”
But there was more smoke in the forest. She could see it creeping toward them wherever moonlight streamed through the branches.
“I told you the story of seeing the monster when I was a girl,” said Grandmother, still sounding frightened. “I wandered too close—”
A distant crack sounded and both Grandmother and Lost River froze. Then another, closer. Something was coming toward them, something large and fast. An elk? A bear?
The sun-fire creature with the scary man growing out of its back?
Lost River looked wildly around at the trees. She could climb one but Grandmother couldn’t, and she would never leave the old woman behind. With her heart beating out of her chest, she directed Grandmother toward the biggest tree she could see – but once they were behind it, she didn’t feel any safer. A bear would smell them. So would a pack of wolves. And who knew what frightening ways the Sun God had to track them? It had certainly led the Blackfeet warriors swiftly and silently to their village.
This was all her fault. She alone had led Grandmother astray. She alone had chosen the wrong direction to walk.
A shadowy figure darted through the trees near them. A familiar shadowy figure. Lost River gasped. This was no bear or magical Sun God. This was her brother!
“Snow Bark!” Lost River yelled, not even trying to hide the relief in her voice.
Snow Bark stopped short. “Lost River?”
“Yes!”
“Is Grandmother with you?”
Lost River led Grandmother from behind the big tree. “We’re both here.”
Snow Bark rushed toward her. “Everyone has been looking for you two. Where have you been? We were so worried.”
“Is everyone else all right?”
“Yes, only Deer Face was injured, and he will recover. Come,” he said reaching them. “We must move quickly.”
“Are the Blackfeet—”
“No. It’s the fire they started. It got into the forest and now we are all running. That is why no one was killed. The battle was cut short.” He swept Grandmother into his arms as if she weighed no more than a feather and started to run back the way he’d come. “Hurry!” he called over his shoulder.
Lost River ran after him, as fast as she could go. But she wasn’t as fast as Snow Bark. With every step, he gained on her a bit. With every second, more distance grew between them. Lost River struggled to run faster, but within minutes, she could barely see him running ahead of her.
“Hurry, Lost River!”
“I’m trying,” she gasped, then coughed. The smoke was getting thicker, and instead of tendrils of it here and there, it was everywhere now. Lost River forced herself to run faster, even though her legs felt heavy as stones and her lungs burned.
A big bank of dark smoke floated in front of her. She crashed through it way too fast and her hands smacked into the rough bark of a tree.
Lost River fought to control her panic. Snow Bark wouldn’t leave her behind, would he? Of course not. Not really. But he would expect her to know certain things – like to keep running in the same direction, even though she couldn’t see him.
Lost River left the tree behind and moved through the forest, gagging and coughing. She had to go slower now, not just from lack of visibility, but because the smoke made her cough. Up ahead, she heard another cough. Snow Bark! He wasn’t far. She just couldn’t see him because of the smoke.
“Hurry, Lost River,” came Grandmother’s tremulous cry.
“I’m coming,” Lost River yelled back. “Don’t worry.”
And there, through the smoke – a slight movement. She was catching up. And good thing she’d seen them moving through the night and haze, because Snow Bark was changing direction. Breathing hard, Lost River followed the best she could, dodging tree trunks, clambering over logs, dashing around bushes.
The smoke became even thicker. Her eyes burned and everything seemed to be getting hotter by the second, the leaves she brushed against, the trunks she touched, the air surrounding her – and as she leaped over a low lying bush, Lost River realized that she could see farther despite the smoke. The night was being pushed back.
But this light wasn’t the cool glow of dawn. This light had a terrifying tint: red. And what was that strange noise? It sounded like a very large, distant bee hive.
Lost River stopped. Turned.
A fox loped past her, its tongue hanging from its open mouth and its eyes glazed with fear. But it wasn’t afraid of her; in fact it hardly seemed to notice her. It was as if she was just another tree, another bush.
A family of mice scuttled by, terror in their tiny eyes.
Lost River’s eyes searched the forest behind her. She couldn’t see it yet, but it was coming, the reason Snow Bark had changed direction. The forest fire.
Lost River turned and fled, exhaustion forgotten. “Snow Bark!” she called. “The fire is close!”
There was no answer but then, why would her brother call back? He already knew. And there, through the smoke, their movement. He and Grandmother weren’t far ahead.
Lost River ran, fear lending power to her stride. Trees flashed by, now that she could see where she was going. She darted around brush and leaped over logs, ducked low branches. She ran and ran and ran for long minutes that stretched into a timeless, breathless void, making it seem as if she’d been running for hours, for days, forever.
And yet the light around her grew brighter. The smoke thicker.
She stumbled and fell to her hands and knees. Her body trembled as she climbed to her feet to run again. So tired… too tired… too tired to call out to Snow Bark to wait for her. But he seemed to know, because she caught his movement through the trees ahead of her, no matter how slowly she moved. No matter how thick the smoke was getting. He was not leaving her behind; instead, he was leading her.
She could hear crackling clearly behind her now. And the heat, the terrible heat, blasting her back. She wasn’t moving fast enough, but she had no energy left to move faster. Her muscles felt like mud, soft and weak.
How long did she have until it caught her?
A fallen branch caught between her feet. Lost River fell hard, crying out with pain as twigs and brambles cut into her palms. She staggered to her feet, disoriented. All she could see was smoke. Which way should she run?
A bright light cut through the thick haze. Fire! It had caught up to her!
Coughing and gagging, Lost River ran again.
The ground dropped abruptly and suddenly she was rolling along pebbles. Cool, wet pebbles, a soothing balm on her hot skin. She climbed to her feet again and stumbled forward.
The water was up to her knees before Lost River realized she was in the lake – and there in front of her again, movement. Very close this time.
“What about the monster?” she cough-yelled to Snow Bark. The water was up to her waist now, and blessed cool compared to the heat on her back.
A loud crack on the shore sent her spinning clumsily around, just in time to see a tree on the edge of the lake burst into flame! She staggered away from it with a cry, and slipped on a smooth submerged rock.
Water closed over her head, entering her nose, her open mouth. Where was the ground? Where? She had to find it.
But her feet found nothing to stand on. Her hands found nothing to cling to.
Surely Snow Bark had seen her fall and would come back for her.
Her lungs ached, then began to burn far more than they had in the smoke.
Air! She needed air!
Her hand touched a smooth surface. Not a rock. Not lake weeds. Something soft and big and solid.
The monster?
Lost River didn’t care. She tried to hold onto the smooth side to pull herself up, but her hands slipped and scrambled and couldn’t get a grip on anything. And then she felt long hair and automatically closed her grip on the strong silky strands. She pulled herself up, up, and broke the surface of the water.
She inhaled great lungfuls of air, over and over, coughing and gagging in the smoke. But she was alive!
When she noticed what had saved her life, her heart almost stopped. The Sun God, or half of it anyway! She was clinging to the hair on its neck, floating alongside it. The Sun God stared back at her with large dark eyes and swam farther from the fire – and she could see fear in its eyes.
Fear?
If there was fear, this creature couldn’t be a god. But then what was it? An animal, one she’d never seen before? Maybe the dark part that she’d thought was half of the god had just been a man, sitting on its back.
“It’s okay, I won’t hurt you,” she said in the soft, soothing voice she used while training the village dogs to carry packs on their backs.
The fear in the creature’s eyes lessened as if it was reassured by her voice. Definitely an animal. An animal who had saved her, not just in the water, but in the forest. For her to have entered the lake at the same time, in the same place as this creature meant she’d been following it, not Snow Bark and Grandmother.
Lost River closed her eyes and sent a silent, fervent wish to the sun to keep her brother and grandmother safe, to have made the fire chase her and this creature only.
When she opened them again, the reds and yellows from the fire painted the lake around them. The shoreline was burning, and the light played on the surface of the water, on Lost River’s skin, on the creature’s smooth wet fur.
Her grip slipped on the silky strands and she grabbed with her second hand too. She couldn’t let go. If she did, she would drown. She couldn’t swim. Wherever this creature was going, she had no choice but to go too.
But maybe instead of being dragged alongside the big sun-deer – for that was the closest thing she could think that it looked like – she could ride on its back, just like the man who’d led the raid against their village. Her arms ached as she pulled herself onto its back. It looked back at her, too busy swimming to do much more.
Lost River rested her head on the snowy mane and closed her aching eyes. Until they reached shore, wherever that might be, she was safe, as long as she stayed firm on the strong back.
The sun-deer had saved her. A miracle. A tiny hope flared in her heart. Though she couldn’t see how, maybe, just maybe, everything would turn out okay.
Chapter 3


The sun-deer swam for hours, or that’s how it seemed to Lost River. And as the creature moved slowly, rhythmically forward, the island, shrouded in smoke and morning mist, grew closer. The sun rose in the sky, flies buzzed around their heads, and the sun-deer swam on, its strokes like a cradle rocking her. Lost River felt so tired that it became an effort to hold onto the long mane, to grip the smooth sides with her legs. She had no idea how the sun-deer could keep going and going and going.
Then its strokes grew slower. Its breathing became faster, deeper.
Lost River thought of slipping back into the water and being pulled along rather than carried, but then thought better of it. All it would take was one moment of weakness, one loosened grip, and she would be left behind to die. And she was small. She couldn’t weigh much on the large creature’s back. No, she had to stay where she was. But she could still help; she could murmur encouragement to it.
As the island came closer, its dreamlike mistiness faded away and its features became more distinct. Then finally, at long last, the sun-deer’s foot struck ground beneath the water. Lost River looked up to see a rocky beach before them, with trees and meadows behind. The sun-deer struck bottom again, and then it was on solid submerged ground, walking toward the beach.
Lost River poised to slip from its back and into the water. If she went too soon and the water wasn’t shallow enough for her to walk to shore herself, she’d drown – but then suddenly, the water seemed too far away. She clutched the sun-deer’s mane. She’d never been so high above the ground while moving before. This was a lot more exciting than climbing trees.
The beach was beneath her now, and even though it was made of small pebbles, it looked far too hard to fall on. She should have gotten off before, when there was shallow water to catch her.
The sun-deer stumbled in exhaustion and Lost River squeaked in fear as she slipped to the side. She gripped the creature's mane, trying to pull herself back up as it walked forward, seemingly unaware of her predicament. The pair entered the trees, Lost River with one leg over the top of the sun-deer's back, sticking to its side like a burr. Brush smacked her in the face, twigs jerked on her clothing, and then they were clear.
A tiny meadow spread around them. The sun-deer dropped its head, and Lost River slid the rest of the way to the ground, landing with a thump on her back.
The creature pranced a few feet away, surprised. Lost River understood how it felt; she felt a bit surprised herself. She pushed herself to a sitting position.
“I know what you’re thinking,” she said. “What a clumsy human.”
The sun-deer stared at her for another second, then lowered its head and ripped hungrily at the grass.
Lost River’s stomach lurched. She was hungry too. When was the last time she’d eaten? The memory of White Swan’s naming feast flowed back into her mind. Was that only last night? So much had happened since then that it seemed a lifetime ago.
They’d all been so happy then. Well, mostly happy. Maybe she’d been a little jealous of White Swan, but that was nothing compared to how much she wanted to see her sister right now. And her mother, father, brother, and grandmother. Her friends, and cousins, even irritating Small Stone who was only four and wanted to follow her everywhere. And her favourite auntie, who always gave her extra bannock and said she was too thin. And—
Her thoughts were cut short by another thought, one that that sent a chill through her body. Would they all think she was dead, killed by the fire?
Probably.
Which meant no one would be looking for her.
Tears burst from her eyes. She’d totally messed up this time. She’d done far more than wander around without knowing where to go. She’d lost her entire family, her entire tribe. Only she could be so—
A low rumble interrupted her thoughts and her heart caught. The sun-deer could growl too? But its eyes were kind as it looked at her, as if it somehow understood her pain.
Now that she was off the creature’s back, Lost River could see that the sun-deer was a girl. She smiled. Somehow it seemed fitting that a creature so beautiful and delicate, despite her size, should be a girl.
She sighed and flopped back to rest in the prickly grass. The sun slowly warmed her chilled, aching bones as she watched the sun-deer grazing a few feet away. Yet no matter how tired she was, she couldn’t truly relax. Something nagged at her, told her that she didn’t have time to waste. Something more than just her hunger. But what could she do?
She knew exactly what she could do – she could make everything worse. She wasn’t sure how, but she knew she could do it, without even trying.
The sun-deer walked forward to reach more grass, stepped on the rope tied to its head, then lifted its hoof to free itself. Lost River sat up again. The rope went around the nose and behind the ears, was almost hidden by the lush mane. A long part, the part the sun-deer had stepped on, hung down to the ground. The man she’d first mistaken as the dark part of the god had been holding that rope in his hand, she was sure of it. He must have used it to direct the creature.
And suddenly Lost River knew what she had to do – even though she’d probably mess up yet again. She had to catch the sun-deer and learn how to use the rope to direct her, because the sun-deer was the only one who could get her off this island, the only one who could carry her back to her family.
Biting back complaints about her aching muscles, Lost River rose unsteadily to her feet. She crept toward the sun-deer, her hand out. “Good girl, Sun Deer,” she crooned. “Good girl. Just let me get close. Let me catch you and you’ll see we can be great friends.”
The creature raised her head, looking slightly alarmed. Lost River stopped walking but didn’t stop her soothing words, and the sun-deer reached down for more grass. Lost River stepped forward again, and this time the creature’s head not only went up, but she took a step away. Oh no!
If she could jump fast enough, maybe she could grab the rope before the sun-deer ran – except the sun-deer was probably much faster than she was. Leaping wildly toward her might only scare her away.
Grass! She liked the grass. Lost River bent down and grabbed a handful of the greenest grass she could see and held it out to the creature. The change in the sun-deer’s attitude was amazing. Her head was up, but not in alarm. In interest. Her eyes lit up and her jaws moved slightly as she looked at the grass in Lost River’s hand. “Good girl, Sun Deer. Can I call you Sun Deer? Or maybe Sunshine? You are the colour of the sun,” Lost River babbled.
Sunshine seemed to suddenly remember that there was plenty of grass aside from what was in Lost River's hand. Instead of reaching forward, she took a couple of steps away and lowered her head again, taking a bite and chewing watchfully. Lost River dropped her hand. What was she to do? There was no way she could catch the creature if she didn’t want to be caught. And there was plenty of grass in this clearing. Why would Sunshine be tempted by her pitiful green blades?
Her stomach growled and Lost River tried not to think of berries. This might be her only chance to capture the sun-deer. She’d just have to make her offer more tempting. She set to work immediately, tearing up handful after handful of grass. The meadow was small and it didn't take long to collect the choicest grasses, then she sat next to the pile and tried to make herself as small and unthreatening as possible.
Sunshine grazed all around Lost River, chewing busily and dragging the rope behind her, but eventually she began to look at Lost River and her pile of grass – a little resentfully. She grazed closer. Closer. Lost River held her breath. Would her plan work?
Sunshine edged to the far side of the pile, watched, sniffed, then snatched a huge mouthful. Lost River could barely contain her excitement. The rope was right there, only a few feet from her hand. She waited for Sunshine to take another bite, then slowly, so slowly, reached out and picked up the rope. Sunshine hardly seemed to notice.
Lost River stared down at the rope in her hand. Now what should she do? They were both exhausted from the swim. How much rest would Sunshine need before swimming all the way back across the lake? And how long could she wait? Her tribe might be getting further and further away from her by the minute.
But before she could answer those questions, she had some important things to do. She needed to get on Sunshine’s back. That alone seemed impossible! She needed to learn how to direct the sun-deer with the rope. And she couldn’t mess up either thing, or she’d be living the rest of her life alone, trapped on the island.
Sunshine finished eating and stepped toward her, curiosity in her dark eyes. Automatically, Lost River stepped back. The creature moved forward again, and Lost River back. And then they were moving, Lost River in front facing the massive sun-deer as it walked placidly after her.
Sunshine was chasing her! Very slowly, thank goodness, but still chasing her. She darted to the side and the sun-deer followed her with a sigh, looking bored. Lost River fought her panic. The sun-deer could stomp her as easily as the earth beneath its hooves – and they were very heavy, sharp looking hooves.
She ran the other direction, staying as far from Sunshine as she could without dropping the rope. Whatever happened, she couldn’t drop the rope; it was the only way back to her family. Sunshine sighed again, this time more heavily, and stretched out her neck without increasing her speed. Lost River danced at the end of the rope – and then she finally understood. Sunshine was simply following the one who held the rope! Forcing her fear under control, Lost River stopped, and so did Sunshine. Lost River almost giggled at the look of relief on Sunshine’s long face.
Just to test her theory, to make sure it wasn’t chance, Lost River moved off again, leading the sun-deer, and like magic, Sunshine followed her without pause. This was awesome! And now her stomach was telling her the next thing to do.
Ten minutes later, Lost River found a berry patch. It wasn’t a great one, but it was sufficient to cut the edge off of her hunger. Sunshine ate tufts of grass as she picked the berries and shoved them into her mouth like she hadn’t eaten for a week. Then on to the next berry patch as Sunshine snatched bites here and there.
By the time she no longer felt hungry, it was afternoon. The sun was beating down, the flies were droning, and Lost River’s tiredness had definitely caught up to her. Sunshine too, seemed content to doze, so Lost River tied the end of the rope to a low branch and sat with her back against the tree. She didn’t stay there for long; the soft earth was calling her. Soon she was curled on her side beside the trunk, her head on her arm and the sun-fire creature standing guard above her.
As she drifted off to sleep, Lost River marvelled at feeling safe for the first time since losing her family. Again, tears leaped to her eyes. If she made her way back across the water safely, if she searched the forest, would she find them? Would she find them alive?
She had to. She just had to.
She looked up at the big creature standing over her. Sunshine’s eyes were closed and her bottom lip twitched. One of her back legs was cocked at an odd angle, as if she was resting it. “Do you have a family, Sunshine?” Of course the sun-deer couldn’t answer. She couldn’t even understand speech. But still it felt good to say the words, to hear them in her own ears. “I wish I knew what you are,” she continued drowsily. “And where you came from.”
Sunshine flicked an ear. Distant birds sang. Lost River blinked heavily, then closed her eyes.
She woke suddenly, gave a short startled cry, and jumped up and away from the massive form looming over her. The creature jumped back too, and a rumbling snort rolled over Lost River.
What was that thing? Where was she? Where was her family?
Ah, Sunshine. She was on the island. And her family was lost or worse.
Lost River almost collapsed in despair. What was she to do now? So alone. So vulnerable.
The sun-deer watched her warily as she sagged against the tree trunk.
But wait, she wasn’t alone. She had Sunshine, the one who had saved her, the one who was going to help her find her family again.
Speaking soothing words, Lost River untied the sun-deer. Maybe she should try to ride her again. It was a lot better thing to do than letting her fear overwhelm her.
Lost River looked around. There, that log. It was the perfect size for mounting. She led Sunshine alongside the fallen length, then climbed onto the rough surface. Sunshine stepped away from the log. Patiently, Lost River jumped down, repositioned the creature so she was standing alongside again, then climbed up.
Again, Sunshine stepped away. Lost River scowled. The sun-deer wasn’t as pliable as she’d first appeared. She pulled on the rope, and Sunshine stepped closer, but angled herself so that her back was even farther from the log.
Lost River stood still for a moment, hands clenched, trying to force her irritation down. With a creature this big, getting mad wasn’t going to help. With one tug, Sunshine could be free. Somehow, Lost River had to find her way onto that bright back without angering or frightening her, and without appearing weak.
She ran her hand down the sleek neck, then jumped down to stand beside the animal. Sunshine watched her with expectant eyes. She was probably hungry again – as was Lost River. Time to find more food for the both of them before night came on, and in the meantime, think of the solution to her problem.
By the time the darkness found them, Sunshine had eaten an unbelievable amount of grass, and Lost River some more berries and even some bitter root, though it didn’t taste very good when she couldn’t roast it. However, it was still food, and that’s what mattered.
Again, Lost River tied Sunshine to a tree, and made her bed below. But this time, no matter how tired she was, no matter how much she wished she could sleep and gather her strength, sleep evaded her. An owl hooted nearby. An ant crawled over her bare leg. A family of mice had to be living in one of the trees close to them, for their stirrings and squeakings were as loud as people speaking.
The hours of darkness crawled past, and only Sunshine seemed able to sleep. For that at least, Lost River was glad. The creature, far more than she, needed her strength in the morning.
Dawn came like a welcome guest. Lost River straightened her stiffened muscles and jumped around a bit, trying to warm up, while Sunshine looked on, amused. Lost River led the sun-deer to grass and picked at berries whenever she found them, and afterward, led her back to the fallen log. Again, she positioned Sunshine perfectly, then climbed onto the log. Sunshine started to move to the side but this time Lost River was ready for her.
“No,” she said firmly, and tightened the rope.
Sunshine stopped.
“Now, hold still,” Lost River murmured. She moved down the log to Sunshine’s back. The sun-deer held still, though she watched closely, her ears back. Lost River rested her hands on the glimmering sun-fire coloured back, the rope still in her hand.
Just do it, she told herself. Do. It.
She inhaled sharply, then jumped forward and flopped over the strong back. Sunshine stepped forward.
“No. Hold still!” But it was too late. Lost River plummeted to the ground.
Back to the log. This time Sunshine stood still without being reminded, and Lost River found it easier to make the leap. And this time she didn’t slide to the ground. This time, Sunshine held still and she was able to slip her leg over the broad back and sit upright.
She was riding the creature! Really riding her!
Now, how was she to use the rope?
Lost River pulled back a little and Sunshine stepped backward. When she pulled it to the left, Sunshine went left. When she pressed the rope against the side of the sun-fire neck, Sunshine turned right. This was easy!
But how to make her go forward? Lost River shook the rope. Sunshine looked back at her, curious.
Maybe if she moved the rope forward, toward Sunshine’s ears, she’d go forward?
Nope.
Lost River sat back. What if she did something with her body weight, or her feet? Sunshine stepped forward. Ah, that was it. The sun-deer walked on, winding this way and that through the forest as Lost River directed her, her movements stiff. Next, she reined Sunshine around the small meadow, practicing stopping and starting. And then, though she knew she’d never be ready, she pointed the sun-deer toward the beach.
The lake stretched out before them, glimmering beneath the morning sun. Lost River drew Sunshine to a halt. The dark line in the distance, that was their destination. The mainland. Miles away. She could no longer see the fires, though from this distance, they’d be mere spots of light. But she could see the smoke. It lingered over the distant shore like a dark fog. What would she find there other than a burned and destroyed land? Would she find her tribe, happy to see her back, safe and sound?
With her heart in her throat, she asked Sunshine to step forward. There was no point in waiting. The sooner they got started, the sooner she’d know if they had moved on. The sooner she’d know if they were looking for her.
The sooner she’d know if they were even alive.
Chapter 4


Sunshine strode into the water, sending glistening drops flying around them, but when the water was at her knees she slowed down. When it touched her chest, she stopped. Lost River tightened her legs around the big midsection, but Sunshine only sidestepped. Lost River squeezed harder. Sunshine tossed her head and her mane became a white tumble of hair around her sun-fire coloured ears. Her response to Lost River’s request was obvious. She didn’t want to go. Because of the grass she was leaving behind? Or the long swim?
Suddenly, Lost River’s heart lurched. Maybe Sunshine was afraid of the monster. How could she have forgotten? All those hours in the water, swimming, struggling, and she hadn’t thought of it once!
But monster or no, they couldn’t stay on the island. They’d been lucky in crossing to the island. They just had to be lucky again.
Lost River patted Sunshine on the rump and cued her harder with her legs. The sun-deer responded, moving deeper into the lake until the water had swallowed Lost River’s feet, then stopped again. This time it was a bit harder to get her to step forward, but Lost River was confident she could do it. And she did. Step by reluctant step they moved deeper into the lake, and finally the slow, rhythmic up-and-down of Sunshine’s swim stroke began, as soothing and steady as the waves on the lake itself. She struck out for the distant shore as straight as an arrow, Lost River clinging to her back as if her life depended on it – which it did.
Lost River scanned the water around them as the sun-deer swam. Strong Net, the best fisherman in their village, had seen the monster once, just a few seasons ago, and he’d said it was the color of the lake, a dark silver gray. He’d only seen its back as the monster’s ridged spine had broken the water, but even the part he’d seen had been longer than his canoe. It had to be heavier than the largest buck in their forests, bigger around than the oldest tree. He hadn’t seen its mouth, but Lost River could imagine the length of its teeth. She shivered. It did no good to think like this.
Besides, there was something else to worry about. Something far more immediate and important. Sunshine was swimming slower already. They weren’t even a quarter of the way to the mainland shore and already her stroke wasn’t as strong.
Without thinking of her own safety, Lost River wrapped Sunshine’s mane around her hand and allowed herself to float off the animal’s back. Immediately, Sunshine’s stroke became stronger and she swam higher in the water. Lost River kicked her feet and felt the tug of the mane lessen as she helped to move herself through the water. Sunshine went even faster. Finally, Lost River tried moving her free arm the same way that the sun-deer was moving her front feet. Sunshine looked back at her gratefully.
Lost River felt pride brighten her face. Except for the one hand, entwined in the white flowing mane, she was swimming!
But how tiring it was. It didn’t take long for a stitch to develop in her side. She slowed her strokes with her arm but continued to kick with her feet. Her legs were strong and though the muscles used for swimming were different than those used for running, they were still stronger than her arms.
But even with the added boost of not having to carry Lost River, Sunshine was continuing to fail. The first swim had taken so much out of her, and she hadn’t had enough time to rest and rejuvenate. If only they could stop for a while – but that was impossible.
Or was it?
There had been the second island, the small island.
“Sorry, Sunshine,” Lost River said, as she pulled herself onto the struggling back again. She put her knees on the firm, warm creature, and holding the mane, rose up as high as she could.
There it was. Far away, yes, but only a fraction of the distance to the mainland. Excited, she reined Sunshine to their right. The sun-deer didn’t hesitate. Did she know Lost River was trying to help her? She must.
At long last, they reached the island – and were forced to clamber over boulders to reach the rocky shore. There was no welcoming beach here. In fact, there was nothing welcoming about this tiny island at all. A few clumps of grass grew beneath five trees and there were no berry bushes at all. But Lost River didn’t care, and Sunshine didn’t seem to either. At first, the sun-deer seemed even too tired to eat the few clumps of grass, but when she finally started, she tore at them ravenously.
Lost River tied the rope around Sunshine’s neck so she could move freely in her search for more grass. She wasn’t nervous about catching the sun-deer again. Unless Sunshine plunged back into the lake, she’d be easy to catch on this small island.
Finally, Lost River made her way to a large flat rock, stretched out, and closed her eyes. She wouldn’t find food to build her strength, but sleep was almost as good.

Something wet touched her arm and Lost River woke with a start. Sunshine stood over her, water dripping from her lips. When Lost River stretched, Sunshine reached down again and nuzzled her arm, leaving more water marks to slime across her skin. Lost River laughed as she stood. She felt much more energetic and hoped Sunshine felt the same. They had to leave soon if they wanted to make it to the mainland before dark.
She reached for Sunshine’s rope and pulled the animal closer, then slid from the flat rock onto her back. It only took a couple of minutes to walk around the entire island, as she looked for the easiest way to return to the water. The way they’d come in, Lost River could see, was one of the rockiest and had the biggest boulders. There were a couple of easier ways but one was on the opposite side of the island, and the other, while a gentle slope, had one big rock that Sunshine would have to step over it.
The decision turned out to be easy, because Sunshine didn’t want to enter the water on the opposite side of the island, maybe because the lake stretched away in front of them for miles, the mainland being only a thin line in the distance. Rather than force her, Lost River dismounted, waded out to the rock and tried to roll it out of the way. It didn’t budge. It wasn’t until she got a big fallen branch from the island and pried the rock into rolling that the way was clear.
Seconds later, she was on Sunshine’s back again and they were wading into the water. Lost River glanced up at the sky as they went deeper; the sun was already slipping down the sky toward the horizon. Mid day was gone. Everything was taking way too long.
The water seemed colder than ever this time as it crept up Lost River’s body, and already she could feel Sunshine shivering beneath her. Then they were deep enough and the familiar rhythm began again, straight toward the distant shore.
On and on and on they swam, beside each other the whole way. After a while, Lost River’s arm felt like it was going to fall off, and she could only imagine how tired Sunshine was. The sun-deer had swum more than twice as far as Lost River in the last two days. Her muscles would be beyond sore; they’d be on fire.
Movement caught her eye and she focussed to her right – a strange, long ripple broke the water.
Fear spiked through her body. Something was moving just beneath the surface, directly toward them – something huge, judging by how stretched the disturbed water was.
The monster?
When the glistening gray back broke the surface, Lost River thought she’d die with terror. She scrambled, panting and unthinking, onto Sunshine’s back. The sun-deer sank lower in the water, her movements jerky.
Lost River slid to Sunshine’s far side, her eyes locked on the ridged spine coming nearer. Nearer. Nearer. Then it sank beneath the surface.
The creature was diving beneath them.
In a second, Lost River slid over the sun-deer again, back to her original side. She scanned the surface of the lake. Nothing. Not a ripple. Not a mark on the water. Where had it gone? When would it attack? Would it grab them with its teeth? Smack them with its tail? Jump on top of them and crush them?
Lost River swam faster, faster. They had to get out of the lake! She screamed when the gray back suddenly reappeared, right in front of them. It slid slowly along the surface, almost lazily, but she wasn’t fooled; it could turn on them at any moment.
Sunshine kept swimming straight ahead, despite the monster being right there, her strokes a pale shadow of the vigour she’d shown at the beginning of the day. Against her will, Lost River was dragged closer and closer. It was as if the sun-deer didn’t even see the beast – but how could she not?
Perhaps she knew something about the monster that Lost River didn’t. Maybe it wasn’t as dangerous as legend told.
The monster disappeared again. Would it attack now, from beneath the surface? Lost River gathered her courage and dunked her head. Where had it gone? All she saw were Sunshine's legs pulling them steadily forward through the murky water. There was no monster, no lake bottom, nothing but the sun-deer and her.
Then a dark shape pulled from the gloom and slid effortlessly through the water, growing steadily and unbelievably large as it swam closer. No. More than large. It was monstrously huge! But wait. Where were the long, sharp fangs? And those eyes, that shape, looked familiar.
Could it be? Really?
Lost River sputtered to the surface and gulped air, then laughed out loud. A sturgeon! The monster wasn't a monster at all. It was a fish! A very old, very big fish, but a fish nonetheless. And somehow the sun-deer had known and wasn’t afraid.
The giant sturgeon made one more leisurely swim past, which Lost River watched avidly, and then it swam away, leaving her both disappointed and elated. Just wait until she told the tribe what she’d discovered!
The sun was halfway down the sky when they finally reached the shore. Sunshine’s proud head hung to her knees and Lost River could hardly stagger up the beach, partly because of her exhaustion and partly because she felt so saddened by the scene stretched before her. What had once been a thriving forest, full of vibrant life, was now no more than charred, blackened stumps and ash.
But at least they were back. She had to look on the bright side of things if she wanted to make herself keep going.
Sunshine stopped and leaned her head over Lost River's shoulder. Lost River stroked the smooth neck.
“Sorry, Sunshine. We have to keep going,” she said. “Believe me, I’m tired too.”
She led Sunshine into the blackened forest. Ash lay everywhere. And everything was quiet. Too quiet. Gone was the whisper of the wind rustling the leaves, the chorus of birds and insects. Stillness reigned like in the dead of winter. How could her people have survived this devastation?
They walked side by side as the sun fell ever closer to the horizon, the blackened hulks of the dead trees casting long shadows. Lost River shivered. The quiet was creepy. Even Sunshine seemed nervous. Maybe it wasn’t such a good idea to walk beside the sun-deer, even though she needed the break. If she bolted, she could easily pull away.
Quickly, Lost River found a place to mount and they continued on through the once-forest again, the long sun-fire coloured legs carrying them at a quick walk. Lost River tightened her legs on Sunshine’s barrel, wondering if the sun-deer would go even faster, and Sunshine lurched into a bouncing, springy gait. The girl clutched at the white mane, and almost pulled back on the rein – but they were moving so much faster. It would be better to learn how to ride Sunshine properly than to slow her down. Determined, she practiced different ways of sitting on the sun-deer’s back, and was happy to discover that sitting relaxed, with legs hanging loose, turned out to be not too uncomfortable.
After trotting for half an hour, Lost River began looking for landmarks; they should be getting closer to the village site now. But the forest had changed too much. She couldn’t recognize a thing. And to make matters worse, it was getting dark.
Then she saw something up ahead that made her inhale sharply. Trees. Three of them, unburned. She reined Sunshine toward them and when they walked beneath the scorched but living boughs, she gaped with surprise. Before her was the wildfire meadow situated a mile south of her village – and it had survived. Sure, the meadow was partially burned, but wild grasses and wilted wildflowers waved in the center like strands and blooms of hope. If this meadow had escaped the fire, her tribe might have found an unburned pocket or two where they’d been safe.
“Let’s go, Sunshine,” she said, and signalled the sun-deer to go faster. A squeak burst from her when Sunshine leaped forward into a smooth up-and-down, back-and-forth swaying. Then they were going so fast, faster than Lost River had ever gone in her life! She clung to the sun-deer’s back, hands twined in the cloud-white mane, frozen in fear until exhilaration took its place. This was amazing!
Sunshine tried to stop when they neared the burned forest again, but Lost River wouldn’t let her. Now that she was close, she couldn’t wait. Her people might even be at the village site now, looking through the ashes for belongings that had survived the fire. They rode into the once-forest at a trot, only slowing as the night came on fully and the darkness grew.
When they neared their destination, Lost River slowed Sunshine to a walk. She wanted to advance cautiously now, stealthily, just in case the Blackfeet were still there. They could go through the ashes, searching for things of value as easily as her own people could.
When they came to the tree line, Lost River stopped Sunshine and looked over the remains of her village. From where she stood she could make out the dark shapes of what was once Long Bow's hut. Destroyed. She squinted her eyes against the night.
It was hard to believe that only two nights ago she’d sat in that clearing fretting about something as silly as a naming ceremony. She hadn’t realized then the precious gift of being safe, surrounded by her friends and family.
And now there was no one. The clearing was empty. Lost River signalled Sunshine to step forward as she looked warily from side to side, half expecting something to jump out at her from the shadows.
“Hello? Is anyone here?” she called, just in case her people were hiding because of the sun-deer.
No one called back.
“I am Lost River and the creature I’m riding is only a strange animal that the Blackfeet tamed. Please answer me!”
Silence.
Suddenly, Lost River felt an overwhelming urge to run far away from this place. She had to escape the desolate silence. Tears stung her eyes as she turned Sunshine back the way they’d come.
“It’s okay,” she crooned, more for herself than for the sun-deer. “They just haven't gotten back yet, but they’re coming. Tomorrow, they’ll find us tomorrow.”
But this time, her own words did not lend her any comfort. This time, they sounded hollow and truthless in her own ears.
This time, the only thing she heard was her own despair.
Chapter 5


The next morning, Lost River woke to the sound of geese honking. She rolled onto her back in the wild meadow and stared up at the sky to see two of the large gray birds winging swiftly overhead. The first to fly south. Fall was not far off.
And she hadn’t found her people. What was she going to do?
But maybe fall wasn’t the problem she thought it was – maybe it was the answer. Hope sparked in her heart. Maybe that was where her family had gone, toward their fall camp a few weeks early. She bolted upright. Yes, that could be why they weren’t at the burned village. They were moving on, moving forward.
They weren’t dead.
But they had a two day head start on her. She jumped to her feet, then shook her head. She couldn’t go rushing after them right away. She needed supplies for travel.
Back at the burned out village, Lost River tied Sunshine to a blackened tree near what remained of her family’s hut. There was nothing salvageable in the pile of debris, but lying beside it, she found White Swan’s digging rock. Maybe some of White Swan's competence would wear off on her if she used it.
With the rock tight in her fist, Lost River moved on to the surrounding homes. She found a flint in one hut – a wonderful find as now she could build a small fire every night to help keep warm – and some dried fish that hadn’t burned to a crisp, lying beneath a bear hide. The hide itself was almost completely destroyed, but in the next tent, she found a leather pack that was only partly burned. She patched the hole with a little bit of the remaining bear hide.
On the edge of the camp, she discovered that the tribe’s lightweight canoes had been destroyed, partially by the Blackfeet and partially by fire. However, three of the braided rawhide ropes that tied them together were unharmed. Thinking they could be handy for tethering Sunshine, she shoved them into the leather pack, along with the flint, the rest of the fish – she’d already gulped down two of the dried trout – and White Swan’s digging rock. It was all she needed to survive.
She led Sunshine back to the meadow and stood at her shoulder as the sun-deer grazed a quick breakfast, then they both had a long drink at a little creek. The water was milky with ash but better than nothing. Lost River found a log and mounted, then pointed Sunshine in the direction of the distant mountains.
“Do you think they’re there?” she asked and stroked the glowing neck. “If they’re not... ” She straightened on the sun-deer’s back. “They have to be.”
They kept to a walk and slow jog as they travelled, so Lost River could watch the ground for signs that people had travelled this way, but the fire seemed to have wiped out any traces.
Midmorning, they came to the end of the burned land. The forest became vibrant again, alive. After riding through so much destruction, it was pure joy to hear the sounds of living creatures, tweeting in the branches and rustling in the underbrush.
They hadn’t travelled much further when she saw tracks. For a tiny moment, Lost River was overjoyed – but then she saw that these weren’t the tracks of her people. These were sun-deer tracks, plus they were going the wrong direction. They had to be the tracks the Blackfeet warriors made as they approached her village. So many of them. How swiftly they must have travelled across her people’s territory to catch them unaware – thanks to the sun-deer they rode. Where had the animals come from?
And even more importantly, were they pursuing her people right now? Is that why no one in her tribe had returned to the village site to salvage anything?
Despair threatened to overwhelm her once again, so Lost River concentrated on the only good thing; many tracks of many sun-deer meant something good too. Sunshine wasn’t the only one. Were they all the same colour? The same size and temperament? How many were there? Were they all as fast?
How easy it must be for the Blackfeet to hunt and travel with the help of these magnificent animals. She reached down and stroked the shiny neck, as smooth and warm as a flat boulder in the sun. Unfortunately, it was easier for them to attack their neighbouring tribes too, but that wasn’t the sun-deer’s fault. Now that she knew Sunshine, Lost River understood that the sun-fire creatures were simply obeying their riders.
A delightful thought tickled at her mind. If her tribe could get more sun-deer, they could better protect themselves from raiding tribes.
But first she had to get them to accept Sunshine.
Lost River frowned. No. First she had to find them, safe and sound. And so far she hadn’t done that, she hadn’t even found a sign of them. Hopefully, she wasn’t going to mess this up too. There was a lot more at stake here than if she spilled the blueberries that her mother had spent all day picking, or accidentally stepped on her father’s ceremonial headdress.
They rode all day, and even though she was sure they were travelling the usual trail to their fall camping grounds, Lost River saw no sign of her people. Had she made the wrong decision? Again?
But what was the right decision?
When the long dusk began to descend, Lost River stopped in another small meadow, tied Sunshine to the long tether rope she’d pieced together, then dug some bitter root with White Swan’s digging rock. She was amazed at how perfectly shaped the rock was, how well it dug, and in no time, had enough roots for her breakfast and more. At least she could do that right – with White Swan’s rock.
Quickly she stripped away the outer part of the roots with the sharp stone, then removed the small, red hearts that made them taste bad. Last of all, she dug down a few inches in the spot where she planned to put her fire, and buried them. That evening she’d eat the last of the fish, then in the morning, after lying beneath her campfire all night, the bitter root would be cooked and ready to eat. Any that were left over, she could take with her on their journey.
She started the fire, then sat and stared at the flames as she methodically ate the fish, deep in thought. She should have seen some sign of her tribe by now. Should she turn back? Where else would they have gone? Lost River sighed. So many questions and not one answer. What would White Swan do?
Just before the night fell, she collected Sunshine and the two of them walked to a nearby creek for a drink, then back to the fire. As usual, Sunshine seemed ready to go right to sleep, but Lost River stared at the small, comforting fire for a while before her eyes finally closed. Maybe the answer would come with the morning.
But when she woke, Lost River still felt every bit as lost as her name suggested, and all she could think as she dug her bitter root from the ground was that White Swan would know what to do – while she herself was so clueless she couldn’t even guess. For all she knew, she’d spent all of yesterday moving farther from her tribe.
Slowly, she repacked her few belongings, then led Sunshine to the creek. The sun-deer drank long and deep, then raised her head and flapped her bottom lip. Drops of water flew, sparkling in the sun. Lost River couldn’t help but laugh. The sun-deer snorted, sending more wet flecks flying through the air.
Lost River led Sunshine to a large rock and used it to climb to the strong back. Which way would White Swan go? Which way would Father go? Or Mother? What about Snow Bark or Grandmother? One by one, she listed the names of the people she admired in her tribe, but still, no answer came to her. No ideas. No possibilities.
“What should I do?” she asked the sun-deer, leaning forward onto her neck.
Sunshine snorted and looked back at her.
“But I don’t know what decision they’d make.”
Sunshine shook her head.
“And if I do nothing, that’s a choice too. The wrong choice, most likely.” Lost River straightened, looked to her left and right. Back or forward. Or go some other direction? There was no one to ask. No one to tell her.
The sun-deer struck the ground with a front hoof and triggered another question, one Lost River didn’t ask very often. “What do I want to do?”
She knew the answer immediately. She wanted to continue her plan of yesterday, to travel on toward the fall camp. But wasn't she always wrong about everything? Did that mean she should go in the opposite direction?
But somehow now her hand just couldn’t ask Sunshine to turn back the way they’d come. So there was only one way to go. Toward their fall camp.
Sunshine moved eagerly, a spring in her step. She was obviously refreshed from her long evening in the meadow and a good sleep during the night. They jogged and trotted through the forests and meadows, Lost River watching the ground like a hawk, looking for tracks. There were none.
Whenever they reached a meadow, Lost River and Sunshine swept into a canter. There was no need to go slow on the grasslands. If anyone had come this way, especially a large group, the grass would be obviously flattened by their feet.
Forest after forest, meadow after meadow – and nothing. Doubt redoubled its attack on Lost River. She couldn’t see any sign of them because they hadn’t come this way. They were travelling through the burned land behind her. They were off to the north, the south, they were back at the village now, rebuilding...
Then she came to the biggest meadow of all. The forest on the other side was only a faint dark line. As before, Sunshine moved into a canter – and then she went faster! The wind blasted around Lost River as they thundered along, pulling tears from her eyes, shrieks of joy from her mouth. Her troubled thoughts flew back and were scattered by the sun-deer’s blaze of speed.
With Sunshine, anything was possible!
At the top of a hill, Lost River finally brought the sun-deer to a halt. She sat, straight and breathless, on the heaving back, exhilaration thrumming through her body. Sunshine tossed her head, still eager to run, and Lost River reached down to pat the slick neck.
“That’s all for now, Sunshine,” she murmured. She didn’t want to use up all of the sun-deer’s energy in one glorious burst of speed, no matter how fun it would be. “We still have a long way to go today.” And besides, from here she could see for miles. Maybe, just maybe, she’d see her people.
But the land, stretching away, seemed bare. Refusing to let herself become discouraged again, Lost River slid from Sunshine’s back, then took the tether rope from her pack. This was a good place to stop for a short rest, and Sunshine might as well get a mid afternoon snack before they continued onward – and if Lost River was lucky, she might find some strawberries or more bitter root for her supper.
But the sun-deer didn’t seem very interested in the grass. She was staring back the way they’d come, with her head high, her ears erect.
Lost River looked in the same direction.
Dark forms moved out of the forest that Lost River and Sunshine had exited just minutes ago. What were they? Could it be her tribe? Maybe she couldn't find their tracks because she’d somehow gotten ahead of them. Lost River squinted, straining to see them more clearly. They were so tiny, so far away.
Then she heard a far off yell. The dark spots started moving quickly toward her and Sunshine – and just as quickly became more than dots. They had four legs, two heads, long streaming tails.
A herd of sun-deer, not one of them the colour of Sunshine. Two of them were even black as night. And they all had humans on their backs. Yelling, angry-sounding humans who were quickly closing the gap between her and Sunshine.
The Blackfeet had found her.
And they wanted Sunshine back.
Chapter 6


This was bad. Really, really bad. Hands shaking, Lost River shoved the tether rope into her pack and made a wild leap for Sunshine’s back. She hit the sun-fire coloured side and slid to the ground. No!
Sunshine stepped sideways, her head still high, her eyes locked on the advancing sun-deer. She struck the ground with a front hoof, then stepped forward.
“Hold still, Sunshine,” Lost River pleaded as she pulled on the rein. This time she twined her hand in the long mane and pulled herself upward. She’d always been good at climbing cliffs and trees, and this wasn’t too much different – except she had never been this scared in her life. Not even while being chased by the fire or encountering the monster. Plus cliffs and trees didn’t move. Sunshine did.
The sun-deer walked toward the advancing horde. A loud, tremulous cry burst from her mouth and Lost River almost let go in surprise. The scream she’d heard in the village jumped into her mind. That sound had come from Sunshine. Answering calls burst from the Blackfeet sun-deer, swiftly drawing closer.
“Please, Sunshine, hold still,” Lost River begged, using all her strength to pull herself higher. The sun-deer glanced back but didn’t stop. And suddenly Lost River felt an extra bounce in Sunshine’s step. She was about to start trotting!
Lost River managed to hook her elbows over Sunshine’s back bone. “Stop,” she gasped, trying to keep the panic from her voice. Just another second or two, that’s all she needed.
The sun-deer didn’t stop, but Lost River was finally high enough to flop on top of the strong back, slide her leg over, and sit upright.
The Blackfeet had covered more than half the distance across the meadow. She and Sunshine would be caught in less than a minute!
Lost River turned Sunshine away from their pursuers, leaned forward, and dug her heels into the sun-deer’s sides – and Sunshine broke into a slow trot. Lost River leaned over her neck to encourage her, but her efforts were useless. Sunshine moved her head from side to side as she looked back at the advancing herd, her eyes alight, as if she was excited for her friends to catch up to her.
“Faster, Sunshine! Faster!” But Sunshine slowed.
The Blackfeet were going to catch them and there was nothing Lost River could do about it – unless she could somehow get Sunshine to want to run.
Sunshine pranced sideways and stopped. Lost River bent to throw her arms around the sun-fire neck. “I know they’re your friends,” she murmured. “I know you want to be with them, just like I want to be with my family.” Sunshine snorted softly, her gaze now on Lost River. “But if you don’t run away from them, I can’t tell you how awful it will be for me. Please help me, Sunshine. Please.”
The sun-deer bent her head around and touched Lost River’s leg, a gentle caress. Her dark, warm eyes seemed to drink in Lost River’s face – then suddenly she snorted and her head shot up; she spun to face their pursuers.
Lost River thought her heart would stop. The Blackfeet were just yards away!
“Run!” she screamed. “Run!”
Sunshine turned away from the herd so quickly that Lost River had to cling to her neck to keep from tumbling off. The sun-deer flew over the grass in ground eating strides. They were so low to the ground, moving so fast! Exhilaration fought with terror in Lost River’s mind. The speed was so amazing, the men behind her so frightening. Were they getting closer?
Lost River urged Sunshine faster still, but she didn’t dare look back. She might lose her balance; Sunshine might lose speed.
She directed the sun-deer toward the closest line of forest. Maybe she could lose the warriors in the trees. If she got far enough ahead, they wouldn't be able to see her through the foliage and would have to slow down to track her.
The trees came nearer and nearer, and then they were beneath the leafy boughs. Lost River reined Sunshine to the right, ducking low branches as they raced. The sun-deer leaped over a fallen log and Lost River held on desperately. A plan formed in her mind. She had to lead the Blackfeet away from the trail to the fall camp, just in case her people were walking it now, tired and dispirited.
The yelling stopped behind her, but Lost River didn’t slow Sunshine down. There was no way to know if the men and their sun-deer were just running silently or if she had actually left them behind.
It was hard work galloping through the forest, for both her and Sunshine. Lost River kept her hands wrapped in the silky strands of Sunshine’s long white mane and hung on tight as they darted around tree trunks, flew over bushes and logs.
When Sunshine started to flag, Lost River slowed her to a quick canter, and they moved at that gait for ages as the sun sank slowly toward the horizon. She slowed the sun-deer again, to a trot, when she seemed too tired, but didn’t let her stop. Though there had been no sign of the Blackfeet for a while, she didn’t feel safe stopping yet.
Then, just as the sun touched the distant horizon, Lost River pulled Sunshine to a quick halt at the edge of yet another large meadow. Grasslands stretched out on three sides; the only way to stay hidden in the forest was to go back the way they’d come – and that was far too risky.
But they couldn’t stay poised at the edge of the forest for too long either. Every moment the Blackfeet would be coming closer. There was only one thing to do: they had to cross the massive meadow as quickly as they could.
This time, when Sunshine broke into a gallop, she didn’t have the same energy. Still, Lost River urged her to go faster – and though she was exhausted, the sun-deer tried her best.
The trees grew closer and closer, became bigger and bigger – and finally she was almost beneath their welcome cover.
Then Lost River saw something that made her heart lurch. A wide path pressed down in the grass before them.
Sunshine stopped gratefully when Lost River pulled on the rein. Lost River scanned the ground. Had her people walked here? The trail looked just hours old; some of the grass stems were standing up again, but not many. If her tribe had run a long way from the fire, this could be their shortest path to the fall camp. And it would explain why she had seen no sign of them on their usual trail.
Lost River inhaled sharply and looked back the way she’d come. There was still no sign of the Blackfeet but they’d be along soon. And they would find the trail left by her people, follow it, and attack again, unless she, Lost River, did something.
She spun Sunshine around and galloped back over her own trail, searching the treeline, knowing that any second the Blackfeet could emerge to find her racing towards them. Halfway back over the meadow, she reined Sunshine to the right and galloped on. Hopefully, the Blackfeet would follow her new trail rather than the older one. Maybe they’d even think she was trying to be tricky by leaving two trails. It shouldn't be too difficult for them to figure out which one she really took, the one travelled only once.
A loud whoop sounded behind her and fear spiked through her heart. She glanced back over her shoulder.
The warriors were emerging from the trees on the other side of the open space. And they’d seen her!
“Run!” she screamed to Sunshine.
They were so close! Far, far too close! And Sunshine was so tired.
Lost River looked back again. Their sun-deer weren’t running with their original speed either. They must be getting tired too. Maybe she and Sunshine had a chance.
The distant forest grew ever nearer, and then they were crashing through the trees. Before she knew it, they were racing out into another meadow, an even bigger one. But there was no going back to stay in the forest now. No even slowing down. Behind them, over the thud of Sunshine’s hooves hitting the ground and the sound of her hard breathing, Lost River heard the men whooping, as if they were having a great time. Maybe they were trying to scare her. If so, they were doing a good job. She felt almost frozen with fear.
If only night would hurry. But the sun was setting more slowly than she’d ever known it to set.
And so it went, minute after panicky minute, as she and Sunshine raced through forests and across grasslands. Twilight descended and they had to run slower, especially in the forests, then finally, at long, long last, she slowed the sun-deer to a lope, and then a jog. Eventually, they slowed to a walk. It was too dark to go faster, at least safely. Hopefully, the Blackfeet recognized that too.
Finally, Lost River pulled Sunshine to a halt. The sun-deer’s breathing seemed loud in the silent woods. “Good girl,” Lost River murmured. She stroked the sweat soaked neck as she listened for sounds of pursuit. There wasn't a creak, not a snap, not a rustle. The men were either extremely far behind or had stopped for the night.
They wouldn’t be able to track her in the dark, would they? Maybe this was her chance to escape, to return to the trail left by her people under the cover of darkness. She could change direction and brush out Sunshine's tracks so the Blackfeet would never know which way she had gone.
But what if they could tell? She wasn’t a tracker, not like the warriors chasing her. What if they found her trail and she led them straight to her tribe? No, there had to be another option. She couldn’t allow herself to mess up.
Lost River reined Sunshine sharply to the left. She would ride in a big circle and come up behind the Blackfeet. Even if they were still searching for her, still riding, they wouldn’t be looking for her behind them. And then maybe she could see how many there were. She could see how tired their sun-deer looked. And maybe, just maybe, she and Sunshine could find some way to stop them from chasing her.
The moon rose above the horizon, making Lost River even more nervous. Their enemies might be more visible in the brighter light, but she and Sunshine would be too. Fear prickled down Lost River’s back as she thought of the two midnight black sun-deer. She wouldn’t see them in the darkness. They could be standing near her, watching her, and she wouldn’t have a clue if they didn’t make any noise.
But Sunshine would see them. Relief slid through Lost River’s mind. Sunshine didn't seem to have any trouble making her way through the dark forest. Hopefully the sun-deer could see her black coloured relatives, no matter how dark it became.
Lost River heard the Blackfeet long before she saw the glow of their fire. They were camped in a meadow at the edge of a small bunch of trees, laughing and talking loudly, and though Lost River couldn’t understand most of what they were saying, she recognized the sounds of bragging.
Were they talking about how they’d ruined her tribe’s homes? How they’d lit the village on fire? Or were they talking about past conquests?
Lost River tied Sunshine to a tree well back in the forest, then stood for a moment with her hand over the sun-deer’s nose so she’d know not to make the loud wavering cry again. She couldn’t believe what she was planning to do. What made her think that she, of all people, could stop these men? Not even White Swan could do it, and she certainly wouldn’t be so foolish as to try. But Lost River wasn’t White Swan.
As soon as Sunshine seemed resigned to waiting, Lost River crept toward the warrior’s camp, bent double and careful about every step as she moved from tree trunk to tree trunk. When she reached the forest edge, she lowered herself to the ground and wormed her way through the grass, silent as a snake. The fire came nearer and nearer, the men’s faces clearer.
Her eyes moved from one to the next as she counted them around the fire. Ten? Was that all? Racing after her, they’d seemed like a bigger group.
Footsteps sounded to her right. Lost River froze and held her breath, praying that whoever was passing wouldn’t notice the girl-sized lump in the meadow. She fought the instinct to get up and run, knowing that they’d see her movement in a second, and then she’d be caught.
Two more men walked past her, not three yards away, going toward the fire. When they finally reached the rest of the group, Lost River breathed precious air into her lungs.
Taking her courage in hand, she rose up slightly higher and counted again. There were twelve men, a small war party. Once her people understood that the sun-deer were animals and not gods, they shouldn’t be intimidated by them. These warriors could be beaten if they attacked again.
She looked for the sun-deer. As far as she could tell as they raced after her, there was one rider for each sun-deer. That’s when she noticed the rope gleaming in the firelight. It was tied to a tree that stood where the meadow and forest met, where the two men had just come from. And yes, there were dark shapes moving beneath the trees.
Suddenly, a light gray sun-deer burst into the firelight. Another one with black and white spots chased it toward the rope. Was it going to push through? Duck underneath?
Instead, it turned aside and trotted along the rope’s length until it was out of the firelight. The spotted sun-deer stopped and pulled up some grass, then looked after the gray. So the rope stopped them, held them in. The men had probably made a complete enclosure from it, so the sun-deer would stay nearby as they ate and rested.
Which meant that if they didn’t have that thin rope between them and freedom, they would wander.
Lost River smiled. If the rope was gone, if there was nothing to stop the sun-deer from going where they wanted, where would they go? Would they meander a short distance? Or would they run? She knew how fast they could be. If they were free, they could easily outrun their human masters. Would they want to?
Maybe.
There was only one way to find out.
Chapter 7


Yard by precious yard, Lost River slipped back the way she’d come, thankful for the long grass and the food the men were concentrating on. The men talked and laughed as she squirmed farther away, their voices loud and confident as if they didn’t care who heard them. No one would dare attack them, a group of warriors.
But Lost River wasn’t going to attack. She hoped to do something far more devastating, she hoped to take their most valuable weapons from them, their ability to move fast, and to strike from above – as long as the sun-deer cooperated with her.
When she reached the forest again, she rose to her feet and darted from tree to tree. Every sound she made seemed way too loud, but there was no pause in the warriors’ speech, no suspicion.
Now where was the rope that held the sun-deer? It had to be tied between the trees, forming a pen to confine the creatures. Unless she was wrong. Unless the sun-deer were being kept in by something else. Unless—
She bounced off the rope. She’d been right.
Hand over hand, she felt her way along the rope, searching for a knot—
A twig snapped in the darkness; Lost River clamped her hand over her own mouth to stop herself from screaming.
Something was moving toward her, a pale jagged shape that floated above the ground. Nearer it bobbed, nearer, nearer, flickering between shadow and moonlight.
“Stay away,” she croaked in a harsh whisper.
The nightmare object stopped. Snorted.
The spotted sun-deer! Lost River's knees became weak with relief. The big white patch on its side had looked like it was floating because the sun-deer’s legs were dark and hidden by the night as it wandered toward her.
“Good sun-deer,” she whispered. “Just ignore me, okay? For now.”
Her hand found the rawhide rope again, and carefully she slid her hand along it. Where were the knots? Was the rope made in one long, sinewy strand?
The spotted sun-deer followed her, walking behind her on its own side of the rope. Stopping again, Lost River held her hand out.
The sun-deer stretched out its nose and sniffed at her fingers, then stepped close, butted her gently with its muzzle, and lipped at her hair. Was it looking for food? Pickings inside the enclosure might be getting scarce already.
Lost River felt along the ground until she found a clump of grass. It was hard to rip out and must have tasted tough, but the sun-deer didn’t seem to mind. It was obviously hungry after its long day – a good sign. It would want to get out of the enclosure and into the meadow where there was more grass than a hundred sun-deer could eat in a year.
“This way, friend,” Lost River murmured and carefully crept further along the rope. Unless she found a knot soon, she was going to have to cut it, and the further she was from the men’s camp when she started sawing on it, the better.
Finally, at the back corner of the pen, she picked another mouthful of grass for the spotted sun-deer, then dug the digging rock from her pack. Holding it tight, she sawed the sharp edge back and forth across the rope. This was going to take a while.
The spotted sun-deer stood patiently, picking at the grass on its side of the fence, and coming quickly every time Lost River held out a morsel – which she did more and more often. Her arms were getting so tired. Her fingers ached whenever they wrapped around the rock. Now that she needed a truly sharp tool, the digging rock seemed clumsy and dull.
A strand in the rawhide rope twanged as it broke. The spotted sun-deer startled, and Lost River froze as it pranced a few feet away. Had the warriors heard the sound? Would they realize someone was near?
But there was no break in their distant voices.
A silver shadow moved toward them, and the light gray sun-deer materialized beside the spotted one. More movement appeared behind them. The sun-deer were all becoming curious, or they wanted some of the grass she was handing out. Perfect!
The herd on the other side of the fence grew as Lost River sawed. At first, she was glad, but as time passed and the tough rawhide rope remained strong, she grew nervous. The men would notice if the herd was at the back of the enclosure where there was less grass for too long. Eventually, they’d come to see what was wrong.
Another strand snapped, and now there was only one left. Lost River sawed with renewed vigour, though her arms burned and her hands were one giant cramp.
A midnight black sun-deer appeared out of the darkness, dashing through the herd and up to the fence with no trace of fear. Lost River jumped back as the black shoved its lightning-blazed head over the rope, nostrils flaring as it blew hot grassy breath toward her.
In the distance, the men’s voices changed, grew quieter, sounded a little puzzled. She could almost hear them asking where the sun-deer were – and if she was right, they’d send someone to check on them soon. She had to finish the job. But the midnight black sun-deer...
It’s no different from Sunshine, she told herself crossly. Except it’s black, that’s all. She forced herself to step forward, hoping fervently she was right. Was it going to send her flying with one movement of its big head? Or bite her? The black's nose snuffled her shoulder as she found the rope again. Its long forelock tickled her arm.
Determined, Lost River started sawing again. Whatever the creature was going to do, she couldn’t stop. Too much was at stake. Her shoulders screamed as she sawed harder, harder, harder – then, poing! The last strand broke!
Lost River couldn’t see where the rope fell in the darkness, but the black sun-deer noticed the open space immediately. It led the way through, the spotted one close behind it. The rest of the sun-deer flowed after them, and Lost River counted them one by one as they stepped silently past her. Five, six, seven. The light gray one was the eighth, followed by the second black one, a massive hulking beast. Two more followed, their colours between light and dark, and finally, at the back of the herd, came another sun-fire one like Sunshine, though this one had a dark mane and tail.
Lost River clasped her hands together. So beautiful! How she wished she could see them in the daylight. How she wished she could take them all home!
Suddenly she realized that she could no longer hear any voices. The warriors were silent. Sleeping? Probably not.
Lost River rushed as silently as she could in the direction of her own sun-deer. The others had already disappeared into the night – hopefully heading far from the warrior's camp – but only Sunshine was on her mind now. What if the warriors found her? Lost River couldn’t bear the thought of losing this most wonderful of all creatures, the friend and companion that she already loved.
She’d only gone half the distance back to Sunshine when she heard a yell, loud and summoning. More distant shouts answered. The men had discovered the sun-deer were gone.
Lost River ran.
Sunshine made a strange, soft chuckling rumble when Lost River threw her arms around the sun-fire neck, so relieved to see her safe.
“I’m so glad you’re okay, Sunshine,” she murmured. “What would I do without you now?”
This time, Sunshine stood still as Lost River shimmied onto her back. A little more practice and she’d be able to climb up without any trouble at all.
The warrior’s shouts rang through the night, but none were very close as Lost River reined Sunshine deeper into the forest, her eyes sharp, her ears sharper. It was almost time to put as much distance between herself and these men as she could, but first she needed to know if they would be following her. She needed to see if they caught their sun-deer.
In case men remained to guard the camp, Lost River and Sunshine ranged well away from the fire and corral. They didn’t leave the cover of the trees until they were a quarter of a mile away, and even then waited five minutes before riding into the meadow to investigate.
The moon shone down on the grasslands, turning everything silver, but this time the light made Lost River feel safer. She’d see anyone who tried to approach them long before they could grab her or Sunshine. And she could see what was happening from a distance.
The herd of sun-deer were dark, four-legged dots grazing beneath the moon, well out in the giant meadow. Smaller, upright figures moved around them, trying to keep them together, trying to catch them. The sun-deer trotted this way and that, snatching mouthfuls of grass as they went, and easily avoided capture – but they weren’t running away.
One of the men made a leap for the spotted sun-deer, and this time it did more than trot. It galloped away, head high. The gray bolted after it. They rushed between two warriors and up a short grassy hill; they were getting away!
But then the escapees slowed, stopped. A high quavering cry cut through the night. The gray was calling to the sun-deer left behind, telling them to run. But the rest of the herd only stared after them. They didn’t follow.
And unbelievably, the spotted sun-deer and the gray turned back.
Lost River exhaled in dismay. The sun-deer were true herd animals. They would stick together, and like all herd animals, they’d have a leader, a leader to tell them what to do next: eat, sleep, run away – and apparently, neither the spotted sun-deer nor the gray were the leader. Until the leader said run, these sun-deer were going to be content with a few stolen mouthfuls of grass.
“We need to make them run, Sunshine,” she said. “All of them.” Her hands trembled as she clutched the white mane.
Sunshine’s ears swept back to better listen.
“If we don’t, they might never stop chasing us. Not until they get you back. And I’ll never be able to return to my family.”
Lost River drew in a deep breath, trying to settle the fear growing tight in her chest. They had to act quickly, before she lost courage, before any of the sun-deer were caught.
She leaned over Sunshine’s neck.
Could she do this?
Without waiting to answer, she touched the sun-deer's side with her heels – and though Sunshine had to be exhausted, though she’d already been running for hours, she leaped forward. They swept down toward the group. The wind whipped Lost River’s hair back from her face and all she could hear was Sunshine’s hooves hitting the ground, the sound of her own breathing, the thud of her own racing heart.
Closer, closer.
The herd of sun-deer saw them and froze, heads high and muscles tense.
Closer, closer. Just a few more yards...
A man yelled and pointed. Another ran toward them. Then all the men were running straight toward her and Sunshine, arms waving. Nasty sounding shouts shot from their mouths. It was all Lost River could do to not rein Sunshine away.
Instead, she asked her to run even faster.
“You can do this,” she whispered to herself, to Sunshine.
Together, they burst through the circle of men and instantly, the herd surged into a gallop before them. The warriors on the far side of the group scattered to avoid the trampling hooves.
The sun-deer ran. Shouts fell behind them, and grew quiet. Moments later, Lost River glanced back over her shoulder. The warriors were already out of sight.
They’d done it!
She’d done something right. No, more than just right. Something amazing!
The sun-deer ran across the grasslands before her like magical beasts, their manes and tails streaming behind them. The moonlight coated their backs with silver and cascaded over their taut muscles like water.
Everything seemed unreal: the racing creatures before her, the grasslands glowing around them, the glorious moon hanging above their heads, her victory over the warriors. It was like something she’d only heard in stories; she’d never imagined something like this could ever be possible in real life. Especially for her.
How could she go back to being the old Lost River after this? Something inside her had changed, she could feel it. Thanks to Sunshine, thanks to the dangers they’d faced together, she’d become more than that girl who’d sat at the back of White Swan’s naming ceremony. Here, with Sunshine and the other sun-deer, she was no longer lost.
If only this moment would never end. If only she and Sunshine could always gallop beneath the night sky with the other sun-deer, their bones and blood thrumming with speed, the wind streaking through their hair.
If only she could run fast enough to leave Lost River, the girl she’d once been, behind forever.
Chapter 8


The sun-deer ran for almost an hour before Lost River let them stop to rest and eat. At first, the herd tore hungrily at the grass, but they were so tired that soon they began to doze off. Some of them closed their eyes and rested on their feet, while others stretched out on the ground.
Lost River’s own eyelids grew heavy as the sun-deer settled. She needed to rest too, but didn’t dare get off Sunshine. The sun-deer were like flocks of birds. If one startled and ran, they all ran, and she’d be left behind.
But she couldn’t keep her eyes open.
In the end, she decided to try something new. She braided a loop in Sunshine’s long mane, hooked her arm through it to help her stay in place, and lay on the sun-deer’s back and neck to sleep. When the sun rose into the sky, she blinked and straightened, only slightly refreshed.
The sight of the herd, grazing peacefully around her, made her feel better. And there was no sign of pursuit from the Blackfeet. Things were continuing to go right. Lost River slid from Sunshine’s back, pulled her tether rope from her pack, then looked for more cooked bitter root at the bottom. Nothing. Okay, so things weren’t completely perfect.
Her stomach complained as she turned back to the rope. Quickly, she untied the knots, making three mid-length ropes, then pulling up a particularly succulent handful of grass, she moved toward the nearest in the herd, leading Sunshine behind her.
Its coat was fox coloured, and in the morning light, it glowed a sunrise red. It looked at her curiously with dark, kind eyes as she approached, then gently lipped up the grass she offered. Cautiously, Lost River touched the white mark on its nose, then stroked its cheek. Finally, she eased the rope around its neck. The red sun-deer didn’t even seem to notice.
“Your name is Red Fox,” Lost River said.
Next, with both Sunshine and Red Fox in tow this time, she approached the spotted sun-deer. It sidestepped nervously when Red Fox came too close – maybe they weren’t the best of friends – but sniffed noses with Sunshine gladly. When Lost River scratched under its chin, it pushed its head forward, eyes half closed. Lost River smiled. She would call this one Ghost, since it had scared her so much last night.
Moments later, she had the rope around the spotted neck and looked around at the rest of the herd. She had enough rope to capture one more sun-deer, but which one? The friendliest? That would be the gray one. But maybe it would follow them home anyway. It seemed to like following Ghost.
Maybe the sturdy black? It was the biggest. Her father, the chief, would love that one.
With Sunshine, Red Fox, Ghost, and the gray following her, she edged toward the muscular sun-deer.
It put its ears back and walked away.
Okay, so that wasn’t going to work. Maybe the long-legged brown one with the black mane and tail?
But it too moved away from her, tossing its head and prancing skittishly. Was the group she led too big? Maybe it was making the others nervous. But she had to bring them with her. There was nowhere to tie them, and she couldn’t drop their ropes.
She tried approaching a third sun-deer but it also shied away.
She’d try just one more, and then go for the gray. The lightning faced black one was grazing close by. It pricked its ears forward as Lost River and her entourage moved toward it, its eyes fearless, its expression open and good natured. It didn’t budge in the least as she wrapped the last rope around its sleek neck.
“Lightning,” Lost River said. Really, this sun-deer could have no other name. Lightning snorted, as if agreeing with her choice.
Climbing to Sunshine’s back was a little harder with the three ropes in hand, but eventually Lost River was able to clamber aboard. She signalled Sunshine to walk, the three close behind – and just as Lost River had hoped, the light gray sun-deer followed the spotted one. Five sun-deer to bring back to her tribe! This was awesome!
The five sun-deer moved out at a quick walk, leaving the rest of the herd behind. All she needed to do now was loop around to the meadow where she’d seen her tribe’s tracks, and follow them.
A neigh blasted behind her, and Lost River looked back, suddenly nervous. Was the big black going to follow and fight to get the rest of its herd back from her?
The cry came again, from one of the brown sun-deer. With a high step, it trotted after them. Another red sun-deer, this one with a light mane and tail, raised its head from eating, and then loped after the brown one. The sun-fire coloured one with the black mane and tail charged after the two as if it was afraid they’d leave it behind.
Were they coming with her?
They were!
Suddenly, as one, four of the five remaining sun-deer galloped after them too, leaving only the big black behind. So it wasn’t the leader. It was just the biggest.
The big black sighed, then wearily began to lope after the rest. The five caught up to Lost River and her herd, then slowed to a walk and trailed along behind, grabbing mouthfuls of grass as they went.
Lost River couldn’t stop herself from constantly glancing back as they travelled. The sun-deer were so beautiful, so glorious – but their name didn’t suit them anymore. Most were not the colour of the sun, plus they were all much too big to be deer. So what should she call them?
A new word. A name all their own.
Fast-racers? Because of their speed? Or People-helpers? For they would change her tribe, of that she had no doubt. They were going to give her people a freedom they’d never experienced before.
And she was the one who was bringing them this priceless gift, these animals who drank the wind.
Lost River smiled. That was it. Wind-drinkers.
The sunlight dimmed around them and Lost River glanced up to see dark clouds crowding the sky. She hardly dared to hope... It would just be too perfect... Then the skies opened and rain poured down. Instantly, they were all soaked. The sun-deer – no, the wind-drinkers – lowered their heads and hunched their backs beneath the deluge, but Lost River just raised her hands in thanksgiving. The rain would wipe out any tracks they left. Now the wind-drinkers were truly free of their former owners.
That afternoon, she found the meadow where she’d seen her people's trail. Their tracks had been erased by the morning rain, but it didn't matter. She knew which direction they were going.
She was expecting to have to travel for at least a day before she caught up to them, and was surprised when just before dusk, she heard the hoot of an owl come from a rock outcropping. The cry would have fooled most people, but not Lost River.
She pulled Sunshine to a quick stop and the rest of the herd stopped behind her. “Young Leaf!” she called out. “It’s just me, Lost River!”
Silence followed her words. Had she been mistaken? Was it really just an owl?
“Leaf?”
The hoot came again, questioning.
Lost River hooted quickly back, then called out, “I’ve captured some, uh, wind-drinkers.”
A boy, just a year younger than her, stepped out from behind a big red rock. “Lost River, is that really you? You’re not dead?”
Lost River smiled. “I don’t think so.”
“What are you doing with the devils of the Blackfeet?”
“They are not devils or gods or anything but animals. And they like us.” She glanced back at the big black, who looked grumpier than ever. “Or most of them do, and those that don’t, still obey.”
“Stay here,” Young Leaf said, still cautious. “I’ll tell Chief Great Eagle.”
Lost River stroked Sunshine’s neck as she waited, and suddenly Snow Bark was running toward her, calling her name. She slid from Sunshine’s back, careful to keep all the lead ropes tight in one hand. Sunshine stamped nervously, and Snow Bark read the wind-drinker’s signal and slowed his approach.
“I thought you were dead,” he sputtered, and pulled Lost River into a warm hug. “I thought I’d killed you by running too fast.”
“And I worried for you and Grandmother. It seemed impossible to escape the fire.”
Snow Bark laughed and pulled back from Lost River. “We got singed a bit but it wasn’t impossible. Not for me who can run very fast. Not impossible for you either, though I have no idea how you did it. You’re a good climber but you’re not very fast.” He looked back at Sunshine and the rest of the herd. “And you have other hidden talents.”
“Lost River!”
And there were the rest of her people, coming toward her, ready to welcome her back, White Swan and Grandmother at the front of the crowd. Lost River breathed deeply. She was home.
Back at the camp, she helped construct a rope corral to hold the herd. The rest of the wind-drinkers were turned loose in the enclosure, but Lost River kept Sunshine beside her as she ate, then afterward too when the crowd settled to hear her story. Everyone listened, spellbound, as she began to speak, Sunshine’s head resting on her shoulder. When Lost River told them about freeing the wind-drinkers from the Blackfeet warriors, no one even seemed to breathe, they were listening so hard.
She then showed them how to approach the wind-drinkers, and climbed onto Sunshine's back to teach them how to ride. Her father chose the big black one for himself, and Lost River realized for the first time that her status in the tribe had changed when she pointed to Lightning and told him it was the better wind-drinker. Her father simply nodded, and a minute later, he was on Lightning’s back. Soon other warriors were choosing their wind-drinkers.
Lost River brought Sunshine with her when she went to stand with her mother, White Swan, and Grandmother. She had a wonderful time laughing with the others at the warrior’s antics and spills as the night came on – until a young warrior leaped to Sunshine’s back, then leaned down, his hand open to receive the rein from Lost River.
“No. This one is mine,” said Lost River.
“The wind-drinkers are for warriors, not girls,” the young man said, grabbing the rein near Sunshine’s mouth and jerking it from her hand. His heels dug into the sun-fire coloured side and Sunshine leaped forward, almost unseating her rider.
Tears sprung to Lost River’s eyes as Sunshine cantered away from her, and suddenly it didn't matter that she’d made it home. All the dangers she’d faced were meaningless. Out in the wild, she’d started to think she was smart and skilled, but now she was back here, back with her people, and once again she was just a clumsy girl who couldn’t do anything right, not even the most important thing of all – keep Sunshine.
She stepped silently backward, hoping no one would notice. She didn’t want comfort from her well meaning family. She wanted to be alone.
Inside the shelter, she lay with her hands over her ears, trying to block out the sounds of merriment, but every time hooves thundered past their shelter the thuds struck at her heart like a club. Every time a wind-drinker whinnied, the sound slashed her like a knife.
All this time searching for her family and now she all she wished was to be back in the meadow, just her and the wind-drinkers, racing beneath the moon.
Finally, the thundering noises stopped, the night grew quiet, and with her eyes burning from too many tears, Lost River fell asleep. She dreamed of Sunshine, of her glorious sun-fire coat, her warmth as she stood near, her dark compassionate eyes, her strength.
“Lost River, are you going to sleep all day?” The voice was teasing and kind.
Lost River opened her eyes to White Swan, looking down at her. She rolled over to face the wall. “I don’t want to get up.”
“Are you still tired?”
“No. I... I just...” Tears choked her words.
A warm hand touched her shoulder, and a gentle voice sounded in her ears, “Please, Lost River. You must get up. Everyone is waiting for you.”
Lost River sat and brushed the tears from her eyes. “What do you mean?”
White Swan smiled at her. “You have been given a great honour. Your name has been chosen for you.”
“But... but... why?”
White Swan shook her head. “You only survived on your own for many days, escaped a forest fire, discovered the truth behind the monster, and captured an entire herd of wind-drinkers.” She laughed. “Trust me, you are ready for your adult name.”
“Really?”
“Really.”
For the first time Lost River noticed the sound of merriment and chanting outside. The festivities had already begun.
She washed in the water White Swan brought her, then sat patiently while her older sister oiled and braided her hair for her, making it glimmer like a crow’s wing. When White Swan finished, she told Lost River to shut her eyes.
“You can look now,” she said, when she was ready.
Lost River opened her eyes. White Swan was holding out her own beautiful fawn-coloured naming dress, beaded with spotless white beads. White Swan and Mother had worked on the dress for months in preparation for White Swan’s naming day.
“You still have it,” Lost River said. “It wasn’t burned in the fire.”
White Swan laughed. “I was wearing it when they came, remember?” She pointed to the garment she was wearing. “This I made quickly today, so you could use my naming garment. And I have cleaned it for you.”
“But it’s yours.”
“And yours. It’s my honour to share a naming garment with my little sister, whose name I do not yet know.”
Lost River couldn’t help herself. She threw her arms around White Swan. “You are the best sister I could ever have,” she said, meaning it with all her heart.
Minutes later, Lost River was ready. She took a deep breath to prepare herself before following White Swan outside. She didn’t want to burst into tears the moment she saw Sunshine – and she would see her, probably with the young man who’d claimed her last night.
But when she left the shelter and walked beside White Swan toward the group gathered around the bonfire, Sunshine was nowhere in sight. All the other wind-drinkers were there – no, wait. The light gray was also gone. Had they gotten loose and run off?
“Concentrate,” whispered White Swan, and Lost River forced her attention back to what was happening before her. She had to stop thinking of Sunshine as hers. She had to push the beautiful wind-drinker out of her heart. Somehow.
Wafts of smoke rose into the sky, and firelight brightened the faces of her tribe. Excitement and good wishes shone in their eyes. The chanting quieted to nothing.
Father strode forward and took Lost River’s hand, then led her to stand in front, facing the crowd. White Swan sat beside Snow Bark as Mother came to take her other hand. Lost River looked for Grandmother. There she was, in the front row, smiling.
“Don’t look so worried,” Father whispered in Lost River’s ear, then stepped toward the crowd. Mother squeezed her hand.
Father stood tall and straight before the people, and though his clothes were sooty and he no longer had his white headdress, he looked every inch a chief. Warm pride filled Lost River.
“Today, my people, is a day of celebration. Today is a day of glory. Our lives have changed, and my daughter, once known as Lost River, is the one who has changed them.”
He paused and for a moment the only sound was the crackling of the fire.
Then, “I wish to introduce my daughter to you,” he said in a loud, echoing voice. “Her name is Sun Catcher!”
Lost River’s mouth dropped open. Sun Catcher? What a perfect, wonderful, glorious name.
How could it be hers?
“And to show Sun Catcher our appreciation for the great thing she has done for her people, the bit of sun that she caught is to be given back to her.”
And there was the gray walking toward her, the young warrior on his back – and in his hand, a rope.
A rope that led Sunshine.
White Swan was suddenly at her side. “Go get your gift, silly. I mean, Sun Catcher.”
Sun Catcher wasn’t sure how she could even move, she felt so overwhelmed – but then she was running to Sunshine. With a sheepish grin, the young warrior reached down from the gray and handed her Sunshine’s rein.
Sun Catcher gave her wind-drinker a kiss on her soft muzzle, then climbed onto the sun-fire back and rode toward her family, still standing at the front of the crowd. Her father, who still had speeches to give. Her mother, who looked as if she was going to burst with pride. Her brother and sister, both smiling at her. Grandmother, clasping her hands over her heart.
She stopped Sunshine when she reached them and looked out over her tribe. The speeches continued, and Sun Catcher hardly heard them. The cheering started, and Sun Catcher barely noticed. She murmured thanks to the cries of congratulations, and when the dancing started, she stayed with Sunshine.
And as the celebration ebbed and flowed around her, Sun Catcher stroked her wind-drinker’s neck, her thoughts on the incredible future – a future of galloping across glowing grasslands beneath a luminous sky, running as one with Sunshine.
Drinking the glorious wind.

The Story Continues In…
SUN CHASER
Sun Catcher Series, Book 2
Grab it here!

Thank you for reading SUN CATCHER. I hope you enjoyed it! 
If you did, please help other people find this book! Click here and follow your link to leave a review!

Keep reading for a preview of SUN CHASER, the next book in the series.

Sun Chaser


Stubborn Echo slipped between the dark huts of his village and skirted the cold fire pit. A twig snapped in the pitch black behind him, and Echo dropped close to the ground, holding his breath. Somewhere out there the night watchmen paced, looking and listening for anything out of the ordinary. If Echo was caught, he’d be taken back to his father in disgrace to be punished. Wandering around the camp at night wasn’t allowed because it was dangerous. In the darkness, the protective watchmen might not be able to distinguish between a member of their tribe and an attacker.
Echo’s leg muscles trembled in a half-crouch as he waited for another sound.
He exhaled slowly. The silence continued.
The trees at the edge of the village were close, only four hut lengths away. If he could just get there he could easily hide. He would be safe. Echo willed his legs to move and was almost surprised when they carried him swiftly forward.
He’d been planning this excursion for weeks, ever since the day Father refused to let him ride the black and white spotted wind-drinker, Ghost.
“You’re too young and too undisciplined, Son. Do not ask about riding again until the next summer.” Even in memory, the words triggered outrage. It was only fall! How could he wait a whole year to ride?
Besides, he was almost as old as that girl, Sun Catcher, the chief’s youngest daughter. She not only rode the wind-drinkers, she had her own. And what a wind-drinker it was! Hair as bright as the sun’s rays spearing through trees at mid-day, mane and tail as white as frothy river rapids. The spot in the middle of its forehead glowed like the brightest star in the sky.
Echo slipped behind a tree trunk, and pressed his back against the rough bark. Sun Catcher had beaten him in other ways too. She already had her adult name. Echo had grown up calling her Lost River, a name he still thought suited her much better. She didn’t know anything about anything, and yet she thought she was so much better than him as she looked down from her wind-drinker’s back. If he could ride too, she wouldn’t be so arrogant.
But to disobey his father… if he got caught…
Sun Catcher’s smug face leapt back into his mind, and his fear vanished. He’d show her he was just as good as she was. Better even. He was stronger. He could ride faster. Jump higher. Throw farther. Creep quieter. And he’d show his father too! He was plenty old enough to ride the precious wind-drinkers.
Echo looked up. Above the treetops, the stars were fading in the growing dawn. Morning was not far off. He better get moving. He snuck through the forest. Like a mouse he was, or even quieter. Silent like the breath of a snake. No way the watchmen would know they’d been fooled.
Stubborn Echo heard them before he saw them: the rustle of tails skimming over their hocks, a snort, a flint hoof scuffing the ground. He slipped around the side of a big boulder, and there they were. The wind-drinkers. Even in the dim light, they took his breath away.
A few of the creatures raised their heads to look at him. “Good wind-drinkers,” he murmured, low in his throat. “Be calm. It’s only me, Echo.” It was the same way Sun Catcher spoke to her wind-drinker, Sunshine, and even though Stubborn Echo despised Sun Catcher, that didn’t mean he couldn’t learn from her.
The pale gray wind-drinker, the one everyone called Shadow because she kept so close to Ghost, trotted a few nervous steps, her head high. Thankfully, Ghost, his white patches plainly visible in the fading night, didn’t move. Shadow stopped, sighed, and walked back to her friend.
“Good wind-drinkers,” Stubborn Echo repeated, and edged away from the boulder. He closed the distance between them so slowly, so expertly, that many of the creatures relaxed, even lowering their heads to graze. He was going to be a wonderful hunter someday. His tribe would think he was magical in his skill to calm the animals he was about to slay. He’d get so many antelope that his entire tribe would grow fat with too much meat.
A black wind-drinker pulled at the grass between him and Ghost, and Echo kept his eyes on the creature as he sidled around it, only to back into another, this one the colour of the sunset. The reddish one snorted at him and trotted away. Ghost looked after it, obviously thinking of following it.
“Whoa, Ghost,” Echo said, and the spotted wind-drinker turned its attention back to him. “Now hold still.” Echo reached until his fingers just brushed the wind-drinker’s nose. “It’s okay,” he mumbled, his gaze locked on the hard hooves. Just one hoof, used in anger, could cripple him for life. Maybe this wasn’t such a good idea.
Ghost nuzzled Stubborn Echo’s hand, then Shadow came forward as well, reaching out her nose, nostrils flaring. Echo let out a sigh of relief and a huge smile spread across his face. They liked him. He could do this. In fact, it was easy. Sun Catcher had no right to feel superior at all.



Sun Catcher bent low and traced her finger along the faint scuff mark on the trail. What animal had passed here? The mark was hard to read. The dirt was packed down from centuries of use, not from her people but from wild animals: deer, moose, badgers, bear, and so many others. A thought thrilled through Sun Catcher: was she the first person to ever stand on this exact spot?
Behind her on the narrow forest trail, Sunshine butted her. Sun Catcher reached to stroke the long golden nose. “What do you think, girl? A deer? Maybe a young moose?” She looked ahead to see if there was another track.
There was. At the side of the trail where the ground was softer, two long leaf-shaped indents lay close together. The tracks did belong to a deer.
“See, this isn’t so hard,” Sun Catcher exclaimed. “Before you know it, we’ll be able to track anything.” She turned back to Sunshine in excitement. The morning light falling through the trees spotted the palomino’s golden body. Sun Catcher shook her head in wonder; she still could hardly believe that the beautiful wind-drinker was hers. So much in her life had changed since Sunshine had saved her from a forest fire only a few months ago.
Back then she’d been the girl that nobody ever noticed. She was always unsure of herself, plus horribly jealous of her older sister who seemed to have all the good qualities she lacked. But she had changed, grown up. It might have taken a forest fire, a face-to-face encounter with the dreaded lake monster, a daring escape from the Blackfeet warriors, and the discovery of the wind-drinkers, but Sun Catcher was now considered an adult, despite the fact that this autumn was only her thirteenth. She had earned her name as well as the respect and admiration of most of the tribe. It was strange actually, to have other people notice her now. She’d been so used to blending in to the background.
But then, not everyone in the tribe thought well of her. She occasionally heard muttering behind her back. How she had tricked her father, the Chief, into letting her keep Sunshine. How she’d made up everything that had happened to her.
Though White Swan, her sister, kept telling her not to listen to them, Sun Catcher couldn’t help but feel hurt. Even worse, she wondered if they were right. Of course she hadn’t lied or tricked anybody, but what if she didn’t deserve to have Sunshine?
She knew that as a girl, she was expected to take care of the camp, do the cooking and cleaning, and look after the younger children. Not only did she have no interest in those things, she certainly didn’t need a wind-drinker to do any of them. Her worst fear was that one day her father would see that, and give Sunshine to one of the men for scouting or hunting. Just the thought brought tears to her eyes! She couldn’t let them take Sunshine away, not ever. She loved the wind-drinker with all her heart.
So here she was, teaching herself to track. She’d be in terrible trouble if anyone found out but it was worth the risk. When her father saw how good she was at it, he’d have to let her keep Sunshine. She would never be forced to stay in camp while someone else rode off on her wind-drinker – as long as she succeeded in teaching herself. Though it wasn’t a ‘proper’ job for a girl, if she already knew how, they’d realize how valuable she could be to the tribe. Or so she hoped.
Sun Catcher threw her arms around Sunshine for a quick hug, then returned to work. She found more deer tracks, then the tracks of an adult moose. Down a narrow offshoot of the trail, she discovered a single, perfect fox print in some soft ground. Sunshine swished her tail lazily as she followed Sun Catcher to the left at the next junction.
The air warmed as the sun rose ever higher in the sky. Birds sang around them. Bees hummed. Sun Catcher straightened from inspecting a bent stalk of grass and breathed deep. The leaves on the bush beside her were turning yellow, and the air had a sharp tang to it. Autumn had definitely arrived. Though she loved the colours of fall, Sun Catcher couldn’t help but feel a little sad at the thought of saying goodbye to another summer, especially such an amazing one.
They continued on, turning right at the next fork. They’d only gone a short distance when they crossed another trail – and Sun Catcher noticed a print that definitely wasn’t made by a deer or moose or any other wild hoofed animal she knew. She bent low and studied it more closely. Big and round, it could only belong to a wind-drinker.
“That’s strange,” she muttered to Sunshine. They were nowhere near any of her tribe’s usual hunting grounds. She had purposely struck off somewhere remote to make sure no one would see what she was doing. So what was a wind-drinker doing out here? Was it a wild one?
Sun Catcher followed the tracks onto the new trail, gaze locked on the ground. There were plenty more tracks to see. And they were fresh. Very fresh. The scuffed dirt was still damp on top.
“I think at least two wind-drinkers walked this way, girl,” she said, her mind whirling. If these two were wild and she could catch them, no one could argue that she shouldn’t keep Sunshine. They would see the value of her wandering about the countryside.
Sunshine’s ears pricked forward and she tried to step past Sun Catcher, but the girl blocked her. They had to proceed cautiously. The tracks could’ve been made by a Blackfeet scouting party too, and the Blackfeet had attacked her people in the past. A twinge of nervousness hit Sun Catcher’s stomach as she remembered her wild flight across the meadow last summer with the warriors on her heels.
With a firm grip on Sunshine’s rope to keep her from rushing ahead, Sun Catcher continued on. Every few moments, she stopped to listen. The tracks were so fresh, she didn’t want to take even the slightest chance she’d walk around a corner and take the wind-drinkers unaware – especially if Blackfeet warriors sat on their backs.
The path went on and on. A bird swooped overhead with a swish of wings, a breeze rattled the leaves beside her, a fly droned past her ear; there was no other sound. No wind-drinkers waited around blind corners. However, though she couldn’t see them, couldn’t hear them, Sun Catcher felt sure she and Sunshine were closing the distance between them.
She stopped again to listen, her hand on her mare’s neck. What was that? Yelling in the distance? Yes. But she couldn’t make out the words. Sun Catcher crept forward, her wind-drinker walking soft behind her.
Ahead was a meadow, sunlit grass glowing between dark tree trunks. She moved even more slowly.
Angry words spilled toward them. “Stupid beast!”
Had she heard that voice before? It sounded familiar. But who in her tribe would be sneaking away... Sun Catcher smiled. Other than herself, of course.
She tied Sunshine to a tree, then stole forward to hide behind a big stump. Was that Ghost? And Shadow?
It was! And a boy stood with them, his back to her. Not a Blackfeet warrior. Sun Catcher let out a sigh of relief. Only Stubborn Echo.
However, even though Stubborn Echo wasn’t dangerous, Sun Catcher didn’t feel completely at ease. She’d once been friends with Echo, but those days were long gone. He’d made it very clear he wanted nothing to do with her after she brought Sunshine and the other wind-drinkers back to her tribe. He’d even openly called her a liar and a thief. She’d responded by saying his words made no sense. She’d either stolen the wind-drinkers from the Blackfeet, which made her a thief, or she’d lied about stealing them, which made her a liar, but she couldn’t be both at the same time. Unfortunately, her response had only made Echo angrier.
Right now Stubborn Echo was trying to get Ghost to stand next to a big log so he could mount. The big spotted wind-drinker allowed himself to be positioned, then waited patiently as Echo climbed onto the log. However, it was obvious to Sun Catcher what the wind-drinker had in mind by the way he held his ears.
She was right. Echo made a wild leap for Ghost’s back, and at that exact moment, Ghost jumped sideways. Echo fell to the ground. He thudded his fists into the grass and then was up, yelling into Ghost’s face. The wind-drinker held his head high and pranced in place, as if he was thinking of breaking free.
What should she do?
A small part of her wanted to cram dirt into the boy's mouth. Maybe then he’d stop yelling at the already keyed up wind-drinker. Sun Catcher felt immediately ashamed by the thought. She knew how difficult and frustrating it was to get on a wind-drinker's back for the first time. Maybe she should show him how.
But then he wasn’t nearly calm enough to be riding. The wind-drinkers were sensitive creatures that responded much better to kindness than force. If he was going to be rough, he should stay on the ground.
Not that Stubborn Echo was likely to accept her help anyway. Her offer would only become another reason to dislike her.
A warning snort caught her attention. Shadow was staring off at the left side of the meadow. What had she seen? There was nothing there but trees and bushes.
Then the bushes moved.
A cute brown face poked out from the leaves, low to the ground – and Sun Catcher’s blood ran cold.
A baby bear. No, worse. A baby grizzly bear.
The cub spotted a butterfly floating past on the breeze and gambolled into the meadow.
Stubborn Echo and Ghost hadn’t seen him yet, but they needed to – and they needed to get away from him fast!
For no matter how cute this little grizzly looked, no matter how cuddly and playful he appeared, he was one of the most dangerous animals they could ever come across, because he didn’t come alone.
His companion would be a massive, muscle-bound, sharp-toothed, long-clawed mother grizzly, and she would have one goal: to protect her baby from all perceived threats, no matter what the cost.

Buy your copy of SUN CHASER here!

Also Available by Angela Dorsey

Abandoned

Horse Guardian Series
Dark Fire
Desert Song
Condor Mountain
Swift Current
Gold Fever
Frantic Flight (aka Slave Child)
Rattlesnake Rock
Sobekkare’s Revenge
Mystic Tide
Silver Dream
Fighting Chance
Wolf Chasm
Horse Guardian: Books 1 – 4
Horse Guardian: Books 5 – 8

Freedom Series
Freedom 
Echo

Whinnies on the Wind Series
Winter of the Crystal Dances
Spring of the Poacher's Moon
Summer of Wild Hearts
Autumn in Snake Canyon
Winter of Sinking Waters
Spring of Secrets
Summer of Desperate Races
Autumn of Angels
Winter of the Whinnies Brigade
Whinnies on the Wind: The Collection

Sun Catcher Series
(co-written with Marina Miller)
Sun Catcher
Sun Chaser
Sun Seeker

Audiobooks
Freedom

Connect

Follow Enchanted Pony Books Online
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Website

Or Connect with Angela Dorsey
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Website

Sign up for Angela’s Newsletter and get a FREE ebook!
Newsletter
