


By: M. E. Cunningham


Clean Teen Publishing







For more information about our content disclosure,
please utilize the QR code above with your smart phone or visit us at
www.CleanTeenPublishing.com.


THIS book is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places and incidents are the product of the authors' imagination or are used factiously.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

NO part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission.  Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author's rights.  Purchase only authorized editions.

The Eye of Tanúb
Copyright ©2014 M. E. Cunningham
All rights reserved.

Cover Design by: Marya Heiman
Typography by: Courtney Nuckels
Editing by: Cynthia Shepp & Jason Wited

~Smashwords Edition~

Thank you for downloading this ebook. It remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.





Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Acknowledgements
About the Author








It happened a year ago. It was real, and no one can tell me it wasn’t. Yeah, it sounds crazy, and if I hadn’t experienced it myself, I’d be the first in line to deliver me to the funny farm, which—funny you should ask—happened. But that’s a whole other story.
I’ve learned not to talk about it. Not with my parents, not with my friends, and especially not my therapist, who suggested I write it all down in a book, so that’s what I’m doing. Like a journal, but not. It’s a story. A true story.
The only person I can talk about it with is my younger brother, Zach, which is crazy, because if you’d known us before, you’d think we were mortal enemies. We couldn’t stand each other. Before.
We are only a year apart in age, so you’d think we’d be close. But no way. We are polar opposites, and still are, but we learned things in Terratir… things that changed us forever. 
Zach. How do I describe him and not sound like a total snob? Okay. So maybe I am a snob. Was a snob. He thinks so, but… well… honestly… he was an idiot. A slob. A fat, insecure kid with a savior complex. He would come home from school on a daily basis with a black eye or a bruised-up body because he’d get into a fight that wasn’t his, and would duke it out with the school bully. A kid named Devon Taylor who just happened to worship me. But that’s a different story.
Zach couldn’t stand to watch little kids get caught in Devon’s sights. He’d step in, take their beating, and become the hero. I watched a few of those fights, but I never stopped them. I never stopped Devon. When I look back, I don’t know why. 
At the time, I had other goals. I was going to be a model. I’d worked hard for it, counted every calorie, worked out every day. I had even put together a portfolio, which I’d been ready to submit, because I was almost sixteen, and we all know that’s the magic age for modeling.
Anyway, it happened on a Saturday morning. Zach had just polished off at least six gargantuan pancakes, which my mother had said nothing about—as though she wanted to fatten him up—and Zach had gone up to his room. I’d eaten a poached egg and half of a grapefruit, watching my figure and all, and then I’d gone up to my room, opened the door, and found my portfolio… scattered in tiny pieces all over the floor. 
Every page ripped. Shredded. Destroyed. Two years of work flushed down the toilet. There was no way to fix it, and no way to describe the pain in my heart when I saw it. Most of the pictures had been stored on my old laptop that had died six months before, so I no longer had them, and in that one moment I’d lost everything.
I fell, shrieking, to my knees, tears of horrified surprise bursting in a torrent from my eyes. I scraped together the pictures, pulling them to me, none of them salvageable. Not one. Who could have done it? Who? There was only one person who hated me enough to destroy my dreams. 
Zachary. His name tasted like bile in my mouth. 
Racing to his room, I threw open his door, shocked at the force with which it hit the wall. Zach must have been stunned too, because he jerked around in surprise. He’d been sitting at his desk, the guts of his computer exposed, as though he’d been working on it.
“You’re dead!” I sobbed, but it came out more like a croak. Humiliating. Especially in front of him. He sat there, staring, his eyes bulging; his jaw working like there wasn’t anything intelligent going to come out of that mouth.
And then I lost it. Like a tiger pouncing, I launched myself at him, my claws extended. I was going to rip his throat out. He backpedaled in that stupid chair of his, but he wasn’t fast enough. I got to him before he could lumber out of the way. He did manage to shove me back though, and like a rag doll, I fell to the floor, snot running all over my face, mascara-smeared tears streaking my cheeks. “I can’t believe you’d do this to me!”
He hopped up, quicker than you’d imagine possible for someone his size, and stood over me. “Lauren, I don’t even know what you’re talking about.”
“My portfolio. It’s ruined. All over my floor!” The heartbreak I felt couldn’t even be described, and I didn’t even care that Zach saw me crying. There was nothing more anyone could do to hurt me at that point. 
Zach stood before me, frozen, in what I can only assume was shock. “First of all, I didn’t touch your portfolio. It was probably Dingo. He ruined my science project just last week. And second, you hurt everyone around you, Lauren, and what goes around, comes around.” His eyes were hard, glinting with anger and something else… something I didn’t care to figure out back then.
How could he even think that? I didn’t hurt anyone. I was nice to everyone and believe me, it was super hard to hold my tongue at times. I knew as well as he did that Dingo was locked up in the back yard, and hadn’t done a dang thing to my portfolio. And that was when I noticed it. Tiny red lights dancing on the walls of his room, refracted from… from what? I searched the room and saw it lying on his nightstand by the bed. 
A medallion. Gilded, with a giant ruby—like a monster pupil—in the center, staring straight up at the ceiling. And then I knew what I could do to get even for all the pain and heartache my stupid brother had caused. I could snatch that hulking gold necklace and keep it for myself as a consolation prize.
We leaped at the same time, reaching simultaneously, but Zach was a hair closer. Just a hair, and the chain of the medallion rolled, like magic, over his finger. My nails dug into his T-shirt, because I hadn’t lost yet, and I tried to pull him back.
And that was when it happened. That was when this story really began, and our lives changed.
Forever.



In the split second between me grabbing Zach’s shirt and his clenching the medallion in his fist, a light flashed. And I mean blindingly bright. Like lightning. And it filled the room, filled us. I felt the charge, as though I’d stuck my finger into a socket and defibrillated myself. The pain—unbearable for at least five seconds—coursed through me. Then tornado-like winds whipped past my face, blowing my waist-long, gorgeous blonde hair all around us.
And then we were falling.
Fast.
I could barely open my eyes, and Zach’s cheeks were billowing out like a blowfish’s. I would have laughed if I could have. And then the ground appeared. And I mean… it just appeared. Out of nowhere. I kid you not.
It rushed up toward us, my screams following us through the air. And just when I knew it was all over, I threw my arms in front of my face, hoping to protect one part of my body, so I’d at least be identifiable, and hopefully have an open-casket funeral.
But I did not slam into the ground and break into a million pieces. Don’t get me wrong. I hit the ground all right, but I bounced. Like on a trampoline. Trampoline grass. Yeah, you heard me right. I bounced, flying back into the air, my arms flailing wildly as I tried to regain my balance. 
Zach, on the other hand, immediately figured it out and actually started jumping, propelling himself into the air on purpose. With each jump he made, it was harder for me to gain my footing.
I managed to crawl to a firmer spot where I sat, stunned, trying to catch my breath. Once Zach stopped bouncing, he opened his hand and, sure enough, that stupid pendant was still there, smoking in his palm. He glanced up at me, his eyes wide and staring. There wasn’t even a burn mark on his skin. As though it were a sacred artifact, requiring reverence, he placed the pendant around his neck and tucked it inside his shirt.
I shook my head. Who cared? Not me. I didn’t want that dumb necklace anymore anyway. I had a feeling it might be responsible for the electric shock I’d experienced. I didn’t want to touch it with a ten-foot pole.
I stood up and brushed myself off, looking around. I had no idea where we were. We certainly weren’t in Kansas anymore. We were in a jungle. Or the woods. Or a combination of the two. Thick-trunked trees were scattered everywhere, moss hanging from their outstretched branches like tired, old women carrying their veils in the still, hot air. Humidity coated my arms and curled my hair around my cheeks. I brushed it back, tucking the sticky strands behind my ears.
“Holy cow!” Zach said, mesmerized at the scene. He turned in a circle, his T-shirt soon soaked with sweat.
“What happened?” I asked. “Where are we?”
“I don’t know.”
“Of course you don’t. Well, I’m not sticking around. I’m getting out of here.” 
Zach turned around in surprise, his arms stretched out, with a frown creasing his brow. “But why? This place is awesome!”
Now, remember, Zach was only fourteen. Anything crazy or otherworldly was fascinating to him, and if he got run over by a Mack truck, he’d think he was on an adventure when he woke up in the hospital.
“Don’t you want to explore first?” he asked, not in any sort of hurry. “These woods are so beautiful, mysterious, and… and magical.”
That was enough for me. I turned and started trudging up the hill. I could tell there was a path of some sort just ahead, and in about five seconds, I would be on it, going home. I had plans for today, and they didn’t include hiking in the woods. I was going to the mall with my friends. And maybe to the movies, too. 
The thought had crossed my mind that when I got that terrible electric shock it had knocked me out and, right at this moment, I was really lying unconscious, on Zach’s filthy bedroom floor. Hopefully, our mother would soon find us and call an ambulance. 
Until that time though, I had to assume this experience was real, because it sure felt real. It did not feel like I was dreaming. And I should know. I always remembered my dreams. And never once had they been like this. With real sweat or bouncy grass.
I made it to the path, and Zach followed not far behind, mumbling about how awesome this place was, how familiar it felt, how it was a new and exciting adventure, and why the crap had his stupid older sister come along to ruin it?
At this point, I stopped and turned around, looking at him hard in the eyes, so he’d know I was serious. “I’ve just about had it, Zach. Shut the crap up.”
He didn’t even look at me. His eyes were trained down into a verdant valley to my right, where green grass sprawled, surrounded by a thick veil of trees. At the far end was a cave opening. Huge, gorilla-like beasts foraged through the thick brush, looking for food. They were giant Chewbaccas, milling around in assorted colors. Some with thick, reddish-brown fur, some with black, and a couple were snowy-white. The one thing they did have in common was that they were huge.
“What are those?” I asked in disgust. “They don’t look… normal.” And I could smell them from where we stood. Also not normal.
Zach watched them for a moment in openmouthed surprise. “You know, there’s a place I know of… with creatures like that.” 
“Oh, really? And where would that be, Einstein?” I couldn’t help it. He was acting so stupid, and it was irritating. I vowed not to say another mean thing, because I didn’t like being rude… okay, so maybe Zach was right. Maybe I was a snob, but everyone knows how stupid little brothers can be…
“There’s this game I play,” he said finally. “And I wouldn’t believe it if I weren’t looking right at them, but… but those things look like… like… hilda beasts… from my game.” He turned to look at me, hesitant, like he knew I’d say something horrid or cruel.
I regarded him, my arms crossed over my chest, doing everything in my power to not say what was on the tip of my tongue. “That’s the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard. There’s no such thing as hilda beasts, and I’d know. I actually study. Unlike some people I know.”
Okay, so it was rude, but I could have said something worse, and like I said earlier, I used to be a snob. I’m not anymore. Just let me finish the dang story.
“Well, I have seen them before while playing my game,” he mumbled, walking away.
I shook my head and stared off into the distance, momentarily hypnotized. “This isn’t your game. This place is real… I think.” And somehow, I knew it was. I wasn’t dreaming. I wasn’t unconscious. No matter how much I would have rather been. Somehow, something was happening to us, and we really were on a new and exciting adventure, but I wasn’t about to admit it at that point. To anyone. Especially Zach.
We resumed our march along the path, and I’m sure Zach wished he could have left me behind with the hilda beasts, because he walked ahead of me, ignoring me. But I watched him as he examined the landscape and the huge flowers that lined the trail. Their seeded faces followed him as he walked, and I kept my eyes on their wide, yellow petals, unable to resist the temptation to reach out and touch one. Slowly, mesmerized, I wanted to feel their velvety softness. Just before I brushed the edge, Zach yelled.
“Stop! Don’t touch anything!” he hissed, running back to grab my hand. “These plants are poisonous. If you get too close, they’ll spit at you, making your skin boil and peel.” 
I glanced around apprehensively. “Seriously, Zach? And you know this, how?” He could be right, after all. How would I know? As crazy as this whole situation was, who was to say what was real or not?
“Uh, well, I told you. There’s this game I play online…”
And then it registered. “Online? You mean on the computer? Oh man, you’re in big trouble,” I said with a slow smile. 
“Can you stop being a freak for one second?” Zach scowled, turning away. He never could win an argument with me. But I motioned for him to continue with a flip of my hand, and since he couldn’t hold it in, he said in a rush, “Okay, I play this game, online, and in it you have characters, and quests, and stuff like that. This place looks just like it. And those beasts will tear you to pieces if they catch you,” he said, pointing back down the hill to the Chewbacca’s. “Got that?” 
“You know, online games are super addictive and will ruin your life.” I knew that firsthand. I had a friend, who just two months ago was admitted to computer game rehab. Yeah. It really exists. Game rehab. Who knew?
“You mean, kinda like modeling, Lauren? Thrown up lately?” He turned to walk away, not seeming to care if I followed. 
And that was it. I lost it. I had never thrown up in my life, but his bringing it up, brought back the memory of my ruined portfolio, which in light of what we were going through, I’d forgotten about.
With a howl of rage, I screeched, “You’re the rudest person I know! Do you know that? The rudest! I’ve never thrown up!” 
He turned, and I stared him down, my eyes burning into his like hot coals, my hands fisted at my side. I was definitely ready to punch something. Maybe him. He ran to cover my mouth, and I struggled in his grasp, which still tasted like pancake syrup.
“Be quiet!” he growled while glancing over his shoulder. One of the hilda beasts stared up at us with black, slitted eyes, and an icy chill crept up my spine. Both Zach and I froze. The animal lifted its nostrils, sniffing, and took a step forward, grunting and attracting the attention of the herd. 
“Oh no,” Zach moaned. “Run!” He grabbed my hand, and we took off down the path, running harder than I ever had before. Zach’s chest heaved, and I could tell he could barely catch his breath, but that was mainly because he was so chubby and out of shape. I, on the other hand, ran beside him without a word of complaint. 
I chanced a glance over my shoulder to see half a dozen hilda beasts giving chase, the biggest in the lead with amber fangs dripping saliva. My thighs started to burn like fire, and a cramp stabbed through my side. I wasn’t used to this. I was slender, but I wasn’t on the track team, and I couldn’t leap tall buildings in a single bound. I was going to be a model. I didn’t need muscles. In fact, I wasn’t supposed to have any for that job.
Beside me, Zach doubled over, moaning and stumbling along, and the beasts gained ground. 
“Come on, Zach!” My voice sounded shrill.
“I… can’t,” he rasped, slowing again. 
And then I stopped, too. Abruptly. Zach crashed into me, pushing me forward a few steps. Not five feet in front of us stood a hilda beast of massive proportions, its beady eyes boring into ours. Spittle flew from its canines as it threw back its head and roared. 
We stood frozen until I grabbed Zach’s arm, dragging him off the path and down the other side of the hill, where it looked much safer. At least for now. There weren’t any beasts down there that I could see. 
Zach protested, yanking on his arm. “We should… probably… stay on the path.” His breath puffed out in short and obviously painful bursts. “It’s not safe… to get off!” 
“I don’t think it’s safe on the path!” I hollered over my shoulder. He was at least three steps behind me when we crashed through the thick foliage, our feet sinking into the spongy soil, and one of my shoes almost ripped off. I managed to pull free at the last second. 
Just as we were about to vault over a log, Zach was jerked back into the air, the powerful claws of a snowy-white hilda beast holding him aloft. Zach hung helplessly, choking and clutching his throat. The beast’s jaws stretched wide. Putrid air erupted from its open maw—and yeah, I was close enough to smell it—its jagged teeth gnashed as it pulled my brother in for the kill. 
I stood there, frozen, my heart racing a million miles an hour. Zach was my only sibling. In that moment, something shifted inside me. He wasn’t just my annoying little brother who bothered me all the time; he was… my brother, gasping for breath, about to leave this world forever in an extremely violent way. 
And I could do nothing but watch.
I had no ability to fight this monster. No strength, no weapon. An ache grew in my chest, and I found myself sobbing once again, only this time there was no hate in my heart for this crazy kid I’d grown up with. Only something foreign. Something so alien I almost didn’t recognize it. Affection? Love?
I didn’t have time to even contemplate, because just when I was about to throw my life away for my brother—and you have to realize, all of this happened in a split second—Zach struck out with his hand and rammed his fingers into the animal’s left eye. A warm gel, along with a staring, black eyeball, suctioned to his skin as he pulled away, and goo dripped from his fingers in long tendrils. 
I stared at the mess, feeling my gorge rise. One second later, I felt the hot, acidic contents of my stomach rise up and out of my mouth. I think the same thing happened with Zach, but I tried not to focus on anyone’s puke but my own.
The maimed, screaming creature dropped Zach and bounded into the trees. Zach fell to the ground with a grunt, but quickly jumped to his feet. He grabbed my hand, and we darted forward, hiding between logs and bushes, behind trees and branches, but wherever we turned, another hilda beast waited. The animals formed a tight circle, strategically closing us in.
“What do we do?” I asked while hiding behind Zach and holding onto his torn and bloodied shirt.
He didn’t sugarcoat it at all, which I wish he would have. “We die. ‘Cuz this isn’t like my game at all. I have no armor, no sword and… and…”
Fear gripped my heart in its icy fist, and I said the first thing that came to my mind. “No courage.” I said it mostly to myself, but he echoed the thought.
“Yeah.”



The hilda beasts moved in synchronized precision, working together to trap us. We were easy prey as we turned, trying to keep the beasts at our back. But there were just too many of them, and then something happened that surprised me yet again.
Zach shrugged me off and held up his fists. “If I’m gonna die, then I’ll do it like a hero in my game!” 
A hilda beast with large, rounded horns lunged at us. Time seemed to slow as its claws reached out, sharp and stained. I stood there quaking, holding my fists up too, but not really intending to use them. I didn’t know how. The most I’d ever done was pinch or pull hair. True girl fighting.
But Zach. He leaped into the air, swiveled his hips—which by no means is a small feat, because like I said before, he was pretty chunky—and kicked the beast in the face. He’d never done anything like that before—at least that I’d seen. He could hardly run without getting out of breath. And doing what looked like a black-belt karate kick? No way. 
His feet extended in a double roundhouse kick, snapping the hilda beast’s head back. It lost its balance, tripped over an exposed root, and toppled down a shallow incline. A roar of outrage bellowed from its mouth. 
“Where did you learn that?” I shrieked as he grabbed my hand and took off down the path.
“I don’t know! I’ve never done it before!” But he was flying high as a kite, and he wouldn’t quit talking about it. It blew my mind too. We’d never really been into sports. I’d taken dance for a while, but quit when I was twelve. I should have stayed with it. I think I would have been a great dancer.
We raced on, ignoring our exhaustion until the hilda beasts fell behind. Their huge, lumbering bodies held no stamina, and they weren’t fast runners. Thank heavens. Because we weren’t either.
Coming around a bend, we found ourselves on the outskirts of a quaint, little village. And I mean totally cute, with white picket fences, houses with rounded roofs, and people in pioneer clothes. If I didn’t know better, I’d say we’d traveled back in time. That seemed much more likely than being in a computer game.
We hurried forward and came to a large building with white siding and dark shutters. A sign hung on the front that read, Morgantown Inn. 
“Terratir,” Zach whispered, half in dread, half in amazement. “We’re in the land of Terratir.”
“What?”
“I can’t believe it!” Zach exclaimed. “This is my game! Come on.” He hurried past a large mailbox and ran inside the inn. I followed, warier. I wasn’t about to barrel into a strange inn like I lived there. 
The aroma of hot, home-baked bread engulfed me as I entered a wide-open dining room, which had a fire crackling in a huge fireplace. A long counter ran the length of the wall, and a bald-headed man stood behind it, wiping tall glasses. Just like in the movies. I almost expected to see a bunch of cowboys lined up drinking beers and wiping three-inch-long mustaches.
Zach rushed to the counter, panting and out of breath. “Let’s get something to eat. I’m starving.” He stopped in front of the bartender and ordered bread, cheese, and a quart of milk. Not food I would have ordered in a restaurant. 
“Anything else?” the proprietor asked. 
“No thanks.”  
“You gonna pay for that?” I asked with a raised eyebrow.
“Oh.” Zach didn’t have any money. He never had money, but he shoved his fists into his pockets anyway, and brought out a huge handful of gold, silver, and copper coins. He ogled the treasure, and so did I, counting the small fortune. 
“Wow!” he whispered, paying the man. He took his food and sat down at a table by the fire. I sat across from him, staring hard into his eyes, my accusation clear. 
“Where did you get that money?” 
“Who cares?” He took a bite of warm, homemade bread, moaning in delight, completely ignoring me.
Too hungry to care about his integrity, I asked, “Is that all for you, or are you gonna share?” Granted, I was watching my figure, which meant carbs were definitely out, but the smell of that bread, and the way the butter melted on top… plus I hadn’t eaten hardly anything for breakfast, and honestly, I was starving! I snatched a piece, which melted on my tongue like chocolate. Never had I tasted anything so sweet, so wonderful. I closed my eyes in ecstasy.
We didn’t sit there long before a hulking giant of a man limped in, his armor dented, his sword dragging by his side. He fell into a chair at a nearby table. A long, fresh gash stretched across his massive chest, bleeding. He grimaced in pain as he glared at… you guessed it: me.
Never had I seen eyes so penetrating. Never mind they were the deepest, darkest blue, or ringed with thick, dark lashes that any girl would beg for, or the fact that he was drop-dead gorgeous with all those bulging muscles, but he was looking at me with raw hatred. Like he wanted to kill me. Seriously.
“Uh… Zach, that man is staring at me,” I whispered, leaning in close, as though he could protect me from this Conan the Barbarian. “Let’s get out of here.”
“Huh? Guys always stare at you, Lauren. Ignore him. I want to finish eating. Besides, everyone here is a good guy.” He continued shoving the warm bread into his mouth, as though savoring every buttery bite. There’s something you should know about Zach. He cannot be parted from his food. And if his bread tasted anything like mine had, he’d soon be a rabid dog if I tried to pull him away.
“How do you know who’s good or not?” I asked. “He doesn’t look good to me.” I sank lower as the man stood, his muscles rippling. 
He slowly limped toward me, and my throat closed. I could not breathe. I even said a little prayer, begging for a miracle, but the man’s heavy boots just kept pounding on the wooden floor, getting closer and closer.
The brute eyed me, towering over our table, and placed a heavy hand on my chair. “You should be more careful, girl. You could stir up something dangerous out there.” His eyes closed to slits as his lips pulled back into a snarl. I have to say, I was surprised that his teeth were so white and straight, but it was the long dark hair, wet with sweat at the moment—that I found myself staring at. Never had I met a guy who so totally terrified me, yet made my mouth water so profusely. Never. 
Zach scooted back in his chair, staring up at the muscular stranger. “Dardanos?” 
The man straightened, his jaw muscles flexing as he clenched his teeth. His thick, heavy armor glimmered in the dim firelight.
“Oh my gosh! I can’t believe it!” Zach turned to me, grabbing my sleeve. “This is my toon! Unbelievable!” Suddenly, Zach was yanked from his chair, the front of his shirt knotted in the man’s meaty fist.
My heart leaped out of my chest, and I found myself jumping up and yanking on the man’s rock-hard arms, coming to my brother’s rescue. I would not freeze up another time. Not if there was anything I could do, and Zach seemed to attract the wrong kind of attention everywhere we went.
My little hands didn’t seem to faze him at all. He just kept staring down into Zach’s eyes. “Who are you?” he growled.
“He is my coolest, and highest, character!” Zach yelled down to me, ignoring the man’s question. “He’s a human warrior and super powerful!”
“I see that,” I said, wanting to shrink back down into my chair. Everyone was watching, including the bald guy at the counter. Never had I felt so small or helpless, or like no one was on my side. I didn’t think anyone would come to our rescue if it came to that. But then the warrior shoved Zach down against the table and turned away in a huff of exasperation.
Zach pointed excitedly at the swords that hung from the guy’s hips. “See those?” he asked too loudly. “That one is called a stinging needle. It has extra nimbleness and tons of vitality added to it, and the other one there,” he pointed to the other sword, “is a death blade and has added stealth and attack power. I bought them for a thousand gold pieces! It cost me a fortune!” Zach laughed, hysterically, jumping up and down. “This is my game! I knew it!”
The man turned back around, catching Zach in his beady glare. And just when I’d started to feel a bit of relief that he was going to leave us alone…“I asked you a question, boy. Who. Are. You?” he said again, this time demanding an answer.
And true to Zach’s nature, he didn’t shrink away in terror, or try to hide, but stuck out his hand and introduced himself. “Hi! I’m Zach Marriott, and this is my bratty sister, Lauren. It’s so great to meet you!” 
The man ignored his hand. “How do you know me?” His voice rumbled with the deep threat of thunder.
“So you are Dardanos?” Zach’s eyes were wide and innocent.
The warrior didn’t answer. Instead, he scowled at Zach, turned on his heel, and stomped toward the door. Of course, Zach followed, close on his heels. I rolled my eyes, and knew another experience was coming where I’d need to save him. But against this Dardanos guy, we were sure to lose. He looked a lot faster than the hilda beasts.
Dardanos turned around to face Zach, gritting his teeth. “Go away!” He promptly slammed the inn’s door in his face. 
Zach ran back over to me. “This is the best day of my life!” Then he was back at the door, yanking it open and following Dardanos out into the bright sunlight, peppering him with questions. “What are you doing here in Morgantown? Have you done any raids lately? Do you like the armor you have? What quests are you working on?”
I was so embarrassed I could have slithered beneath the table, never to come out again, but what could I do but go looking for them?



I stepped outside and saw Dardanos across the square, trading supplies at a supply wagon. That alone was weird to me. Zach was on his way over when I grabbed the back of his shirt and pulled him back. “Let’s not get too close.” 
I backed up against the inn’s rough wooden walls, whispering, “That guy freaks me out, and did you see that cut on his chest?” I could see it from where I stood, the blood seeping down his seriously muscled chest. 
“He has a cut?” Zach frowned in dismay. “I didn’t notice. I’ll go ask.”
“No!” I grabbed for him again, but he was off and running. 
Kill me now. I backed up farther into the shadows, hoping to remain invisible while Zach made a fool of himself in public. I watched him gesticulate wildly while talking with Dardanos the Duffus, and then come running back over to me. By the time he was back at my side, he was panting and out of breath.
“He battled with the hilda beasts you stirred up. He saved our lives!”
It all came together. The battered armor. The cuts and bruises. He must have been behind us on the path, taking the brunt of the attack. “Really? Hmm. He might not be so bad.” 
Zach folded his arms over his chest and squinted at me, shaking his head. “Don’t get any stupid ideas, Lauren. He won’t like you.” 
I ignored his comment, not letting him bate me like usual. “Whatever. He wasn’t that friendly anyway, and it’s not like we’ll ever see him again. We need to find out where we are so we can go home.” 
“I told you, we’re in my Warlord game. It’s the most popular online game right now.” 
I couldn’t help but sigh impatiently, shaking my head. Kids were so impressionable, and it was obvious my brother had spent too much time playing computer games. “Zach, are you seriously stupid enough to believe that two human beings were somehow sucked into a computer game?” I grabbed him around the neck and rubbed his head with my knuckles. “Hello, McFly!” 
He ducked away and glared. “Why do you have to be a bully? Can’t you ever be nice?” He stayed out of reach, smoothing down his hair.
“Whatever. Let’s find someone who can give us directions.” 
Zach followed me back inside the inn, and I went straight for the proprietor behind the counter. The man’s smile broadened as soon as he noticed me. “Watch and learn, brotha. Watch and learn,” I said over my shoulder.
“That’s Innkeeper Harris, just so you know,” Zach whispered, still rubbing his head.
I took a deep breath, then plastered a wide, ingratiating smile on my face—a smile that no guy had ever been able to resist. “Excuse me, sir, I wonder if you could tell me how to get out of this town. We’re lost and need to get home.” I flipped my long, platinum hair and batted my eyelashes… a tactic that always worked.
“I sure can,” the proprietor replied with a wink. “You take that path outside and head north. It’ll take you to Tardania, the biggest city in these parts. From there, you can fly on a Pegasus anywhere.”
I looked at the man, trying to resist the frown that threatened to take over my expression. How do you have a normal conversation with someone who believed horses could fly? “Uh, is there a bus station close by or an airport maybe?” 
The man’s dark eyebrows creased. “Never heard of those. Sorry.” 
Still smiling, I turned to Zach with questioning eyes, but he made it a point to be of no help as he watched me, his lips twisting into a sardonic smile. 
Stalking back out into the sunshine, I left the bartender to his dishtowels. 
Zach followed, chuckling. “So, was I supposed to learn something back there? You were great, by the way.”
“Shut up. I need to think.”
“Just sayin’.”
I rubbed my forehead, feeling like a nail had been driven through my brain. We stood in the center of the town, the hot sun beating down, and sweat drenching my shirt. I was baking, monumentally tired, and lost in time with a brother who couldn’t be happier about it. People passed by with barely a glance in our direction. The situation was hopeless.
“Have you heard of the place that guy mentioned? Tardania?” I asked finally.
“Duh. I play the game, Lauren. Tardania is a huge Guild city. It’s not far.”
“Guild?” I clenched my jaw, my headache worsening by the second. None of the words or names of places were familiar. None of the people seemed real. It’s was like I was in some sort of TV show, only I didn’t know my lines or what was going to happen next. “What’s the Guild?” I asked, following Zach and trying not to concentrate too hard, and make my headache worse.
Zach trudged down the dirt path, swinging his arms. He couldn’t be happier. “The Guild? Oh, they’re the good guys.” 
I followed, but couldn’t keep up. Zach stopped and looked back, looking completely content to be lost in this world of craziness. Opening the bag of bread he bought, he handed me a piece. “Eat this. You’ll feel better.”
I studied his face, surprised that he even cared. Warily, I took a bite, closing my eyes as a strange sensation coursed through my body. Not only did my headache disappear, but I began to feel good. Really good. Energy tingled all the way to the tips of my fingers, and a smile spread across my face. That was some dang fine bread.
I fell into step beside Zach, just a little more interested in his so-called game. “So, who are the bad guys?” 
“They’re called the Legion. We should check out these other buildings,” he said, motioning to some of the other nearby structures. “I have other toons, or characters, too. Maybe they’re here.” Zach hurried toward a little, white cottage off to the side of the road. 
I couldn’t help but laugh as I watched him. He looked so funny. “You look like the Pillsbury Doughboy.” 
He ignored me, and a stab of guilt pierced my conscience. For some reason, every time I opened my mouth, teased him, made fun of him in some way, or commented on his weight, I felt terrible. All siblings fought or tormented each other, right? I wasn’t doing anything out of the ordinary, but ever since I’d been here, it felt like I was looking in a mirror, seeing how awful I really was, how awful I was treating my brother. I hated it, and vowed not to let it happen again. Either that mirror had to break, or I did.
The cottage was shaded by a tall willow tree whose long branches scraped the ground in the soft, summer breeze. The red front door and shutters seemed very Hansel and Gretel, and I was sure there was a witch inside just waiting to trap us in a cage and fatten us up. 
As we entered the spotless home, ducking through the rounded door, I noticed an elderly woman with wispy gray hair stirring a simmering pot of stew at the fireplace. The heavy aroma of grilled meat, steaming carrots, and potatoes filled the room. My mouth watered automatically. There was also a loaf of golden bread, just like the one we’d bought at the inn, sitting on the table. 
Zach leaned toward me. “She’s always in this house. She hands out quests.” 
“Maybe she hands out food too,” I mumbled, staring at the bread. I was still hungry. My stomach rumbled at the memory.
“You have to stand on the stone to her left and talk just right to make the quest work,” Zach said, stepping forward. “Mrs. Mellor?” 
Mrs. Mellor turned at the sound of his voice. “Well, hello children. What can I do for you?” Her long, calico dress swished about her feet, and her bun bobbed on the back of her short, wrinkled neck.
Zach cleared his throat, and I could tell he was nervous. I almost stepped forward to save the day, but he started speaking, so I waited to see what sort of disaster would unfold.
“Um, I wonder if you know a priestess named Flitwicket?” Zach smiled as he waited for her reply. 
The woman tapped her lips. “I may. Who’s asking?”
“Well, I’m Zach, and this is my sister, Lauren. We’re trying to get home, and I think she could help us.” He put on his friendliest face—the huge, toothy grin I hated. 
Mrs. Mellor paused, her movements becoming excruciatingly slow—too slow. It was as though the woman’s batteries were running out. Each turn of her head was done at a glacial pace.
“Oh, no,” Zach whispered. “I didn’t do it right.” It was painful to watch. My brother’s expression fell, and his shoulders visibly slumped.
“What my dorky brother is trying to say is that we’re trapped in this stupid game or whatever, and we need to get out. We really need to know if you’ve heard of this priestess lady. We’re in kind of a hurry.” 
“Hmm. Impertinent,” the woman quipped, turning back to her stew at full speed. She didn’t look at us or say another word again. It was as though we’d disappeared and no longer existed in her world.
“Thanks a lot, Your Highness,” Zach hissed at me as we left the cottage. “You’ve ruined things again. I could have fixed it, but you just had to step in and show how stupid you are. Epic phail if I’ve ever seen one.” 
What the…? Epic fail? “What’s that supposed to mean?” I hurried to catch up to him, grabbing his shoulder, because all of a sudden he could walk at mach speed. I’d only been trying to help.
“An epic phail is when someone does something monumentally stupid like you just did.” He shrugged from my rasp and tried to hurry ahead, but I grabbed onto his arm and held him back. It felt like I was forever either dragging him or hanging onto him. I was starting to get tired, and just wanted to rest. I couldn’t take it anymore. I yearned for my bed, just to lie down and close my eyes for a minute, but there was no way I was about to do that on the dirt road we walked. 
“Are you kidding?” I said. “Did you see how slow she was moving? She was the idiot, not me.” 
Zach turned, his jaw clenching. “That’s what Mrs. Mellor does if you don’t ask her the right questions. It’s part of the game. It’s been a long time since I’ve quested in this area, and I forgot, okay? But I could have fixed it.” 
“I just want to go home!” I said, too much anger in my voice, but in my defense, I was getting super annoyed. “Can’t you see it’s getting dark? Do you want to be stuck here all night?” 
“Are you going to do this the whole time we’re here?” he asked, his jaw grinding. He was getting mad too, and this would turn into a full-scale war if I weren’t careful. Already, I’d ruined my goal of being nice, which really bothered me. 
“Do what? What are you talking about?”
He shook his head, and sighed. “I’m in the one place I’ve always dreamed of, and I have to be here with you. It’s unbelievable!” Zach stalked farther down the path in the waning twilight. He knew I wouldn’t wait long to catch up. Not that I was afraid of the dark, but I didn’t like not being able to see. Especially here, where wild flowers could spit at you and make your skin boil. A moment later, I was at his side, grabbing his arm, an apology in my smile. 
“So, tell me about your game. What’s your favorite kind of character?”
Zach eyed me warily. I could see the wheels turning in his mind, and I knew my brother well enough to be able to read his expression. He wondered what I was up to and knew I didn’t really care about his game.
“Well… mavericks, I guess.”
“What’s a maverick?”
“It’s a character you can make. Mavericks are quick and can fight like… oh, it doesn’t matter,” he said sullenly. “They just have certain abilities that make them deadly.”
“Will we meet one on this road?” I asked, glancing around at the dark shadows. There were too many trees along this path, too many places to hide, and suddenly I felt very exposed in the waning sunlight.
Zach sighed with resignation. “With our luck? Probably.” 



A half hour later, the sun set behind a line of jagged mountains. We had been walking a long time, and I was tired. Tired enough to finally lie down and die on this danger-filled dirt path. “How far is this city?” I asked. 
“It takes about five minutes to jog with a toon,” he said. “But we can’t stop. Dangerous creatures lurk in these woods, waiting for stupid kids to pass by.” He laughed as he said it, but I knew he was nervous too. We had to find shelter, and Tardania was our only option. We should have stayed in Morgantown, but it was too late now.
“It’s been a lot more than five minutes, and I don’t want to jog.” I pictured the two of us flailing like morons down the road. The thick-trunked trees bent over the path, their claw-like branches reaching out. They almost seemed alive. 
“Maybe we should jog. Everyone here does.” He walked faster, pumping his arms even though he knew he was inviting a sarcastic comment. You’d be proud though. I refrained, even though he looked super funny. At least he was trying. It was more than I was doing at the moment, so I picked up my pace too.
For the first time, my knees didn’t ache, and I didn’t feel like I would run out of breath. Maybe this wouldn’t be terrible after all. Zach didn’t seem to be having trouble either, which was a surprise in itself. “This isn’t so bad. It actually feels good!” I waved at people who passed by. My mood began to improve drastically, and I felt more talkative and friendly. “Whoever heard of running without getting tired?” I said after a while. “Is it like this in your game?” 
Zach grinned. “Actually, yeah, it is. It just never occurred to me that we could do it too. I guess this is pretty cool, and it does feel good.” He ran a bit faster, and we kept pace in the center of the road… in the dark.
“Exercise always feels good,” I answered like I knew, and had tons of experience. “We should have started a long time ago.” I sped up, experimenting with speed. I couldn’t believe my joints didn’t hurt, that I didn’t run out of breath, and that I could actually run. I was starting to believe that Zach might be right. Maybe we were in his computer game, and we had magic powers of strength. But how was that possible? It wasn’t, but if we were going to survive, I’d need to know more. 
“Okay, you might as well tell me more about this game, so I can be prepared.” 
Excitement filled his expression, and I knew nothing would make him happier than talking about his Warlord game for hours, nonstop. 
“Okay, well, you already know about the Legion and the Guild. Inside those groups are different classes of characters you can make, like warriors, mavericks, sorcerers, trackers, and priestesses. All very cool with different abilities.”
“Sounds divine. You should tuck in your shirt. You look a little sloppy.” Looking back, I really should have listened better. I honestly didn’t care about all the little details, but it made the time pass, and it made him happy, and it made me happy too, succeeding at my goal at being nice and all.
Zach ignored my comment and kept right on talking. “Yeah, and so when you play, you pick the race you want, then the class you want. Can you believe the vivid colors here? It’s just like on my computer. Hey, see those birds?” He pointed off to the right. Three giant parrots rested on a gnarled tree branch, their florescent feathers bright in the waning sunlight.
“Yeah, what about ‘em?” I barely glanced in their direction. It was hard to see since it was dark, and I was concentrating on the road, its twists and turns. He should know I wouldn’t care about any stupid birds, or the Legion, or the characters you could make. I hated computer games, but Zach continued anyway, hoping to convert me, I suppose. 
“Well, they’ll peck your eyes out if you get too close. I can’t remember what level they are, but we’re probably ones.” 
“Ones? What’s that supposed to mean?” 
Zach turned to me with wide eyes, unable to hide his enthusiasm. “Every character starts at level one in a super-easy area. You do quests that get harder and harder. Different areas are different levels. The higher your character gets, the harder the area you go to. Got it?
“Take Dardanos, for example. He’s a level fifty-eight. If he goes to a high-level area, he’ll get killed easily. So say, if we went off the path here, we could either kill those birds, or they’d kill us depending on our level of expertise.”
That sounded terrible. “How do we find out the level of this area?” I asked, looking around, hoping nothing was trailing us, waiting to attack.
Zach shrugged. “Guess I’ll just have to remember, but I think it’s low. We’re probably safe.”
Just over the crest of the next hill, a beautiful city appeared with towering spires and shimmering walls that glowed with golden light. I stopped, my mouth dropping open. Never had I seen anything like it. “Wow! It’s so beautiful.” Tall spires glowed iridescent in the distance, lighting up the night sky, and glowing like a giant pearl.
“Yep. I’ve been here tons of times with all my characters. You can find anything and anyone in Tardania. Come on.”
Jogging through the front gates, we were greeted by a soft rainbow of flowers that blossomed along the hedges. Their fragrance wafted over the path, surrounding us in the sweet scent of springtime. Past the gates, the city teemed with activity. People of all shapes and sizes milled about visiting in the lamplight. The craziest thing of all was the people who weren’t people. 
I stayed close to the wall, my eyes wide, my heart racing in fright. Okay. This could not possibly be real. I was dreaming. I was in a coma or unconscious, just like I thought. Before us were beings I’d only seen on TV. Beings with green skin and others with horns, some with long, pointed ears. I called them “people” for lack of a better word, but they weren’t people. They were monsters and elves, human-like animals who could talk, and aliens. Some were short and squat, dragging their hands on the ground. One monster had a large snout and black shaggy hair covering its entire body.
“What is that thing?” I asked, shrinking back behind Zach, hoping he could protect me. 
“Him? He’s a werewolf. He works in a pastry house. I remember him from the game. What’s his name again?” Zach snapped his fingers, thinking. 
Scowling, I said, “How should I know? Don’t werewolves kill people? Shouldn’t everyone be afraid or running away screaming? Why are these monsters walking around free?”
Zach watched the werewolf benignly as he passed by. “He’s part of the Guild now. He’s not scary, Lauren. He defected to our side.”
How did he know all this? How were these… things familiar to him? I couldn’t grasp it, but I tried. “We’re not on a side, Zach. We’re only spectators. Remember? And yes, he is scary.” 
The tangy scent of oil floated on the air. Firelight gave everything an ethereal, dream-like appearance, and I started to relax the longer I stood there, people watching. Zach continued to point out other characters he recognized. 
“And that guy over there, he’s a dryad. They’re a forest nymph—like a fairy, but human sized. Also on the Guild side, there are elves, humans, pixies, and halflings—who are small like dwarves. The Legion has zombies, goblins, ogres, werewolves, and drows—a dark race of elves. Like African-American elves.”
Shaking my head, and too tired to even think straight, I said, “It’s too much to remember, Zach. Why can’t everyone just be human?” 
“Because it’s a game! They’re all cool. Come on. Let’s go to the Barter House. I want to buy some new gear. Maybe I’ll recognize someone.” Zach grabbed my sleeve to pull me along, but I yanked out of his grasp. I just wanted to lie down and go to sleep.
“Don’t drag me. I hate that. I’ll follow if I want to.” I didn’t mean to sound so irritated, but I guess I did, because Zach scowled and turned away.
“Whatever,” Zach said. “I just thought that the hustle and bustle might be scary. I was trying to be nice. It won’t happen again.” He shook his head, his hands tightening into fists. 
He left me and stalked toward a large, white building, busy with people coming and going. A sign above the door read, Barter House. Adrenaline filled my veins at the thought of being left alone, so I hurried to catch up and followed him inside, trying to remain inconspicuous and not ruin it for him.
People of all races filled the large building, yelling out prices they were willing to pay for the items on display. The noise was deafening, and the smell—the sweaty, metallic, wet-dog stench that permeated the room—just about made me want to puke. I held my hand over my nose, hiding in the back corner and keeping my eye on Zach who was only a few feet away. I’m sure he knew I was there. 
A woman caught my attention, and I watched her as she moved her hand over a glowing silver vial. She glanced up and smiled, then floated across the room toward me. I was trapped and ready to bolt when Zach suddenly materialized at my side, mesmerized by the woman who approached.
“Flitwicket?” he said, his hands clasped. He looked so hopeful that I knew this had to be another one of those characters he had made in his game.
“Flitwicket?” I mouthed, loving the name and wondering how he’d thought of it. 
“Yeah, she’s my dryad priestess,” he said, gazing in open adoration.
“Did you pick her name?” I teased, shoving him with my elbow.
Zach grimaced in embarrassment, but smiled. “It just popped into my head that day.” 
The priestess’s eyes twinkled, and her smile was filled with warmth. “Hello there. I noticed you watching me. Is there something I can do for you? I sell charms, healing elixirs, and enchantments for armor and weapons.” The priestess inclined her head, and in the gaslight, her ice-blue eyes radiated with depth, and her alabaster skin glowed with the smoothness of porcelain.
“Uh, no. We don’t need anything. I was just telling my sister about you.” Zach answered, still in awe. 
“Do I know you?” Flitwicket studied us. “You have interesting armor,” she said, eying our jeans and T-shirts. 
Standing beside her, I felt like a peasant in my old, Saturday work clothes. If I’d known I was coming here and would meet someone more beautiful than any model I’d ever seen, I would have dressed up a bit more. I simply paled in comparison, and yet she inspired adoration in me, and obviously in Zach too. You couldn’t help but want to kneel down and worship her beauty and knowledge. I didn’t even question it, but if I had to guess, I’d say she’d charmed us with a spell or something. 
“Oh. These aren’t armor. Just our clothes,” Zach said, picking at his loose, sweaty T-shirt.
“Magic clothes?” Flitwicket asked.
“Uh, no.” Zach said, his smile widening. “But your clothes are. You can only wear cloth armor though, so you’ll be killed easily if you don’t wear your magic shield. You’re a level forty-seven.”
Flitwicket stepped back, caution filling her eyes. “You know a lot about me. Are you a sorcerer?” Her light-blonde hair was wrapped around her head in a series of intricate braids. Tiny, glistening diamonds sparkled through the silken strands. I would have given anything to know how to do my hair that way. There was nothing drab about this woman, and I wished Zach would stop talking. He was making us look more and more stupid with every word that came out of his mouth.
“No, no,” Zach said, trying to reassure her. “I know you because… well, it doesn’t matter. We’re actually looking for help.”
Flitwicket’s expression relaxed. “What sort of help? Potions? Armor? Magic?” She continued to move her hand over the vial in a circular motion. 
“No,” I said as politely as possible. I’d learned my lesson from Mrs. Mellor. “We just need to get home.”
“Oh, you need the magistrar then.” Flitwicket placed a stopper in her vial and tucked it in her pocket. “She’ll help you. She has the answers to everything.”
Zach smacked his forehead. “That’s right! I forgot. I’m not sure how to get there though.” He was lying. I could tell. I was sure he knew his way around this city blindfolded. He just wanted to spend more time with his priestess, but I couldn’t blame him. I kind of did too. And he created her?
I glanced at him when Flitwicket wasn’t looking. “And people think I’m devious.” 
He smiled at me. A genuine smile, and it filled me with happiness. A very unfamiliar feeling where Zach was concerned. I realized I liked it. A lot.
Flitwicket smiled at him too, her face glowing. “You’re a sweet boy.” She patted his head affectionately. “I suppose I can take you. But it’s a bit of a walk.”
“That’s okay. We don’t mind walking,” Zach said with a radiant smile.



The castle keep was nothing like the rest of the gleaming city. Ominous shadows hid in every corner, and twisting halls of black brick felt dangerously eerie. It didn’t seem to bother Flitwicket or Zach, but it did bother me, and I wondered if playing the game on the computer felt this scary and dangerous. 
In the main room, a long, wooden table was laden with food: roasted turkey, fruits, steamed vegetables, hot, buttered rolls. It smelled like Thanksgiving, and the aroma wafted over us like a warm tidal wave. The city’s leaders feasted, laughing and visiting, and I was tempted to sit myself down beside them and dig in. I’d never felt this hungry at home, but here, I didn’t seem to care about my figure, about modeling, or about looking good. It just didn’t seem important anymore.
“I know this place. The magistrar lives here. She’s a powerful sorceress who grants wishes, reads the future, and sends you on quests before she’ll give you any answers. Be polite,” Zach said, leaning toward me and filling me in on everything before I said anything stupid. His words. Not mine. 
Like I wouldn’t be? Geez. Who did he think I was?
Zach whispered that he had spent many nights playing Warlord, and knew that Gloriella, the magistrar, was secretive and clever. This meeting gave him an uneasy feeling. Her quests were difficult and often dangerous. If they were assigned to do a raid, they’d have to get a huge group together. If the quest was located in enemy territory, they could be killed, and he worried that she wouldn’t be open to helping them, even though she was part of the Guild. 
I pulled back and stared at him. “Seriously? You’re telling me this now? After we’re already here? Why did we even come if you weren’t sure she’d help?” I whispered back.
 But before he could answer, Flitwicket led us to the candlelit table and bowed. “Your Majesty. You have visitors who wish your audience.” She backed up until she stood behind us, leaving me feeling very exposed.
All eyes turned to us, and my heart began to race. My hands grew sweaty, and it felt worse than being on a runway. This was probably one of those moments where he had to say everything perfectly, and I knew he’d get it wrong. Don’t misunderstand, my brother is super smart—not that I would tell him that—but he can get cocky when it comes to computer games, and I wanted to go home, not go on a quest or whatever. 
Zach took a deep breath and stepped forward, bowing and motioning for me to do the same. I attempted a half curtsy, not knowing what else to do or what was appropriate. Unsure, I stood back up, and folded my arms over my chest. 
Zach groaned in mortification. 
Crap. What did I do wrong?
A clouded expression crossed the magistrar’s creamy-white face as she studied me.
“Epic phail,” Zach mumbled from the corner of his mouth, but I still had no idea what I’d done wrong. Whatever it was, hopefully Zach could repair the damage. I promised myself I would make it up to him if I could. 
Everyone waited. 
Zach opened his mouth to speak, but then closed it. I prayed for a miracle. I had no idea what to say. My mind was blank, empty of anything intelligent or clever. 
“Your Majesty,” he said. “You are wise and powerful. We beg your good will in a matter of great importance.” 
He sounded so Shakespearean, so regal, that it caught me off guard, and I let out a snicker. I quickly covered my mouth, but it was too late. Zach turned in what felt like slow motion, and stared at me, holding his breath. The tension in the room rose. He glanced back at the magistrar who locked eyes with him, hers wide and dark. She nodded once, her ebony hair falling over her shoulders, then rested her slender fingers on the table before her.
Zach continued nervously. “My sister and I are far from home. We appeared here suddenly, not knowing how or why, but we need to get back. Can you help us?” 
We waited, the air heavy with anticipation.
The magistrar’s gaze fell to Zach’s chest. “I see you wear a powerful pendant. How did you come by it?” She spoke slowly, her voice low and resonant.
I glanced at his chest also, having totally forgotten about that stupid medallion. It glowed in the dim light, throbbing gently against his chest. He lifted his eyes to meet hers. “It was given to me.”
The magistrar reclined, steepling her fingers over her silvery robes. A crafty smile formed on her ruby-red lips. “Ah… I see. Well done.” Her face turned thoughtful and she said, “Zachary Marriott, I have half a mind to let you wander aimlessly in this world, but no doubt the two of you would soon find yourselves dead.”
My hope sank. She wasn’t going to help us? How could a magistrar for the Guild, the good guys, be so heartless, so uncaring? Why would she punish Zach for my stupidity? I hadn’t meant to cause trouble, or make getting home more difficult. I felt terrible, guilty, and the look Zach gave me… if I hadn’t been so shocked and dismayed, I’d have turned around and run from the room, blubbering. 
But the magistrar continued, her words lifting me out of the muck of self-pity. “You have a kind heart and a brave spirit, Zachary Marriott. You are not here for yourself, but for other important reasons. The lessons you learn here in Terratir will be incalculable. Obtain the Eye of Tanúb, and you will be sent home. You will need strength and cunning to survive, as the Eye resides in a perilous location. Choose friends to help you, but choose wisely, as they will either assist in your mission or hinder it.” She leaned back, looking from him to me. “Good luck to you both.” 
Zach stood rooted to the floor, frozen and speechless. His mouth moved, but no sound escaped. He bowed and thanked the magistrar—surely not feeling thankful at all—and promised to return with the Eye of Tanúb. 
He grabbed me by the hand, and we fled the room. He squeezed my hand extra hard for good measure. “She’s trying to kill us!” he cried. “There’s no way we can do this quest! It’s a level ninety-five!”
I had no idea what he was talking about, but the more he rambled, the more terrified I became. “What did she mean?” I asked, rubbing my sore fingers.
“This is an impossible quest. A deadly one.” Zach stared absentmindedly out over the populated plaza. He didn’t really even seem to notice the crowd, but I did. Everyone stared at us like we were wearing flashing neon robes.
“What did she mean?” I asked again, this time more forcefully so he’d answer.
He whirled around to face me, fury in his eyes. “This means you screwed up… again. This means she didn’t like you!”
My first reaction was to be defensive, to lash back, to blow it off even. “Oh, big deal.” I said, stepping back, giving Zach an imaginary sock on the arm. “You don’t have to get so mad.” But my ingratiating smile didn’t work. He just glared at me, shaking his head slowly like he wanted to kill me.
“You don’t get it, do you?” He paced in a circle, his voice rising. “The quest she gave us is a level ninety-five. Ninety-five! We’re level ones, if anything. We’ll die for sure, and all because you’re such a snob and look down on everyone else. And you snorted! You actually snorted!”
I grabbed his sleeve, making him face me. “Well, we wouldn’t be here at all if it weren’t for you playing a brainless game you’re not supposed to play anyway! You blame me, and really, this is all your fault! You can’t get your fat butt off your computer chair! What kind of loser sits around and plays on the computer all day?” The words were out of my mouth before I could pull them back. Immediately, I regretted them.
Zach finally noticed the ring of people staring at us. His face grew red, because unlike me, he couldn’t stand to be gawked at. 
“You know what?” he asked quietly, “I can’t deal with you right now.” He gave me one last look of contempt, and then ran the other direction. 



I watched Zach run away, but then I realized it meant he was leaving me alone in a strange place with strange people, and even though everyone spoke English, it all seemed like a foreign language to me.
So, I followed him.
I knew I should give him space—because that was how we did it at home—but I couldn’t be left behind. I made sure to memorize the buildings along the way, but it was hard, since the roads twisted and soon all looked the same. Zach stopped in front of a building called the Tardania Armory where all sorts of hulking men—decked out in heavy armor, wearing shields and breastplates that we wouldn’t be able to lift, let alone fight in—visited. 
Their daggers, arrows, and broadswords glistened in the moonlight, and I watched in awe as they boasted of combat victories. Zach must have been in heaven here, and a whole new appreciation for my brother blossomed inside me. This was his world. A world he knew and loved.
Zach slipped inside the building, while I hid just outside the door, feeling extraordinarily conspicuous. I smiled, nodded, and waved at those who frowned at me, and pretended I belonged there, all the while listening for Zach’s distinctive voice that I would recognize anywhere.
I peeked around the corner to see what he was up to and noticed someone familiar standing at the front counter. Someone with dark, wavy hair that cascaded down his shoulders. The armor he wore was unmistakable, and when he turned slightly, the scar across his chest confirmed it.
Dardanos.
Quickly, I shrank back, not wanting him to notice me, but the temptation to peek again was almost unbearable. I could hear Dardanos’s voice as he dickered over prices with the proprietor, his voice deep and rumbling. The building was small, but I couldn’t see where Zach had hidden himself, and because I didn’t want to go all the way inside, I waited, the night insects buzzing around my head.
After a short while, the warrior stepped from the shop, not even glancing my way, and started down the darkened street. Unsurprisingly, Zach followed him, not far behind. I should have known he wouldn’t be able to resist any more than I had. Zach didn’t notice me either, but that was because I hid in the shadows, and he certainly didn’t suspect I would trail him. 
Tailing them, I darted behind a tree just in time to see Dardanos spin around and pin Zach down to a bench. It happened so fast that it took me a minute to realize what happened. I choked back a startled cry and remembered to stay hidden.
“You’d better have a good reason for following me,” Dardanos growled loud enough for me to hear. Even on the darkened street, his expression was not difficult to read. Did Zach have a good reason—other than the fact that Dardanos was his creation and hero—to follow him? I waited in anticipation to see what Zach would say, praying it would be clever.
“I do,” he said finally. “I need your help. I’ve been given a quest to obtain the Eye of Tanúb, and I can’t do it alone.”
A flicker of interest flashed in Dardanos’s eyes, and his expression softened. He let Zach go and folded his thick arms across his chest. “That’s a difficult quest. One I’m not sure even I could do.”
“But you’re a powerful warrior! If we got a few other high levels, we could!”
“I don’t know what you mean by ‘high levels,’ but I will not kill myself over a foolhardy quest or a foolhardy boy.”
That had to hurt, and I ached for Zach, whose reaction to that statement was plain on his face: betrayal. I was familiar with that look. He’d given it to me numerous times, but the last time was when he saw me watching his fight with Devon, when I’d done nothing.
Zach recovered quickly, and before Dardanos could walk away, asked, “Do you know a priestess named Flitwicket? She’s a high lev… a powerful dryad. Maybe she would help too.” 
“Flitwicket, you say? Yes, I know her. She is powerful, and may help, but you’d need more than just a priestess.” Dardanos appraised Zach from head to toe. “What reward should I expect for my services?”
“Reward? You want a reward?” 
I cringed at the hurt in Zach’s voice. Dardanos wanted payment, but we had no money. Zach answered by telling him he had no coin, no jewels, and no reputation here. He had nothing to offer the warrior.
Poor Zach. He’d made Dardanos, made him powerful and fantastic, and this was how his hero returned the favor? What a royal jerk. An acute dislike for his toon began to grow inside me. I wanted to walk out and smack that giant man across the face, but I knew it would only make things worse. Zach would be humiliated, so I stayed where I was and watched his rejection in silence.
Zach walked away slowly, and I snuck back to the main square where the magistrar’s building stood. Flitwicket was still there, visiting with people she knew, another vial in her hand. She handed a vial to the tall elf that stood at her side, and the tinkle of money fell into her palm. She smiled, and the elf—who had ears at least eight-inches long, then walked away.
She noticed me immediately, and a wide smile spread across her angelic face. “Lauren, you’re back. I knew you would be.”
“You did?” Maybe this woman could read minds. It wouldn’t surprise me at all, but I found comfort in her voice. Somehow, I didn’t feel lost and alone while with her.
“Of course,” she answered kindly. “And you must be exhausted. Let’s get you a room at the inn, shall we?”
I was ready to bow down and worship at her feet when she said that. She led the way across the square, into a white, clapboard building that looked eerily similar to the one in Morgantown, right down to the long counter and rock fireplace. Tables and chairs were placed here and there for patrons to sit and eat at, but Flitwicket wasted no time. She secured me a room, then took me up the stairs and showed me my door. She didn’t leave me on my own at all, and I felt so relieved. Not that I was a chicken or anything, but everything here was still unfamiliar and, well, scary.
She wished me a good night and told me she’d be back in the morning. Once I’d locked the door behind me, I turned to survey my new quarters. A four-poster bed stood against the wall, and there was one window to the left of it. A chair sat near the bed, and the floor was hardwood with a braided rug in the center. 
It was rustic, but I’d take it. Falling onto the feather mattress, I had no thoughts of anything else. Not even Zach. I fell asleep the moment I closed my eyes.



Since there were no curtains on the window, the sun dawned brightly, or rather, glaring, the next morning. That one shaft of light that happened to fall on the bed, landed right in my eyes, and it seemed no matter where I lay, which direction I faced, that light followed me.
It didn’t take long to figure out it was hopeless, so I got up and glanced in the lone mirror that hung on the wall by the door. It was small, and I could pretty much only see my face. That should have been enough to start me screaming, but I refrained, not wanting to wake up anyone else at the inn. Smoothing my dirty jeans and slept-in T-shirt that was meant for yard work, I sauntered down the wooden staircase to the main room downstairs.
Sure enough, Flitwicket waited there for me, sitting at a table, small, white cloths spread out before her. She ran her hand just above them, a blue light glowing beneath her palm. It was magic, pure and simple. Staring, I felt something like envy grow inside me. How cool would it be to have magical abilities?
Okay, so it’s true that at fifteen I should know better or have more mature desires, but I was in a world of magic and sorcery. When in Rome, right? I walked over and sat down beside her. She gave me a huge smile and tucked the magic cloths inside a small satchel she carried.
“What are you doing?” I asked, and then wondered how her hair could look so perfect this early in the morning. Did she even sleep on it?
“I’m making bandages,” she said, sounding surprised I needed to ask. 
“Wow. That… is really cool. And they work? They heal people magically?”
Cocking her head, she watched me, her eyes twinkling. “Oh yes. They work. And fast. That is why I use them. That is what a priestess does. We heal people… among other things.”
I took that moment to study her outfit. You cannot imagine how beautiful her long, white robes were. They glistened iridescently, and when she moved, they shimmered… like magic. They weren’t tight fitting, but weren’t totally loose either. They fit her perfectly, and if there was anyone who was model material, it was the ethereal being who seemed human, and yet felt otherworldly, who sat across from me.
Okay. I can see why Zach loved this game. I was beginning to appreciate it myself, but no way would I tell him that… yet.
Flitwicket ordered plain, old, boring food, but when I put it in my mouth… there was no describing the feeling that spread through my body, like fire that didn’t burn. Like an energy drink on steroids. Only a few bites, and I felt like Wonder Woman, ready to take on the world.
But that didn’t change the fact that my brother had left me alone in a strange, dangerous world just because he wanted to throw a temper tantrum. That burned, and when he got back, I’d tell him so.
Outside in the town square, the sun glowed brightly overhead, and people milled around, going in and out of all the quaint little shops, buying their wares. “What’s that place?” I asked Flitwicket as we passed a little store with wide, clear windows, bottles of every color sitting on the shelves.
“Oh, that’s a potion shop. I sell my potions there, actually. I also buy ingredients there for the potions I make. Would you like to go inside?”
Say no more! We entered and were surrounded by hundreds of multicolored glowing vials, most of which had golden tags saying what each one was for. 
“Are these all magical?”
Flitwicket nodded and smiled, watching me.
It felt like Christmas morning as I fingered each one. Vitality. Strength. Cunning. Stamina. I held one up for courage and endurance. “When would you ever need these?” I asked with a chuckle. I couldn’t imagine needing potions unless I was on a modeling runway and didn’t want to pass out from fright!
“In the battlegrounds, of course,” she said, setting a few bottles down on the counter. The proprietor came over and took her potions, dropping some gold coins into her hand.
I wanted to buy something. Just as a keepsake. Just to remember. But I hadn’t brought any money with me. I’d thought I’d be doing yard work all day. How depressing. I stuffed my hands deep into my pockets, feeling a little sorry for myself, only to have my fingers ram into something cold, hard, and round. I pulled the objects out and just like Zach had done yesterday, found gold, silver, and copper coins in my palm.
I slid my thumb along their smooth surfaces, marveling at the sight, full of wonder. How had they gotten there? I certainly hadn’t stolen them, like I’d suspected Zach of doing.
“Is there something you’d like?” the proprietor asked me with a big, toothy grin.
“Uh…” I had no idea what to pick. There were too many to choose from, and I didn’t really understand what they were for. I wished there was a fancy bottle of perfume I could have.
“How about this one,” Flitwicket suggested, setting a glowing, pink bottle on the counter, its base rounded with a slender neck at the top. It only stood three inches tall, and the potion inside swirled as though it were alive. “It’s for Discipline.” She held it out to me reverently.
“Discipline?” My expression fell. What a stupid potion. I didn’t need discipline unless I wanted it to help me not eat so much of the awesome food they had here. “Uh… that’s really cool, but I was thinking more along the lines of a beauty potion.”
Flitwicket didn’t seem offended at all. She just cocked her head and gave me one of those amazing smiles that hypnotized everyone. “But Lauren. You don’t need a beauty potion. You are already one of the most beautiful women I’ve ever seen.”
That was all it took. I was forever devoted to this woman. If I wasn’t loyal before, now I wanted to be her personal slave forever, but her comment, even though it was wonderful, embarrassed me. It wasn’t true. I knew it, and she certainly did too. I knew beautiful. I’d looked through so many modeling magazines that I knew beauty, and I may have had potential, but I didn’t look like any of those women yet, and might not… ever. But the love in Flitwicket’s eyes… well, I didn’t want to argue with her. If she wanted me to have discipline, I would.
“Thank you,” I said, glancing down at the counter. I took some money from my pocket, and the proprietor counted out what it cost. I still had plenty of coins left to play with. 
“Let’s go,” Flitwicket said. “There are so many other places to go.”
As we walked, I was amazed at the city’s beauty and cleanliness. Where were the poor, the ragged? I turned in a circle, taking in the grandeur of the buildings. “I’ve never been to a place like this.”
Flitwicket gave me an indulging grin that radiated brighter than sunshine. “Tardania is commonly referred to as the City of Sunshine, because everything is bright and beautiful here. It’s my favorite of them all. There are other vast cities on Guild land, but this one… this one is special. At least to me.” Flitwicket smiled serenely as she floated over the cobblestones, and then turned to study my face. “Lauren, what are your interests, your talents?” 
I frowned, thinking. “Talents? Well, I like shopping and clothes. I like boys, makeup, and fashion. I want to be a model someday.” I don’t know why, but I felt embarrassed admitting this to her. It sounded so shallow, like all of my interests were centered only on outward beauty, and I was sure Flitwicket noticed it too. I felt like such a child here, so immature. At home, it was the complete opposite. I was queen. Here, I was definitely a peasant.
“Everyone here chooses a profession or two,” Flitwicket began to explain. “If you like clothes, you could be a clothier, and you could make charms to put on them and also charms for weapons. It will make you powerful and would be a good way to earn money. Charms can protect you.”
“From what?”
“From death, of course. From injury.”
“You mean from actually dying? Is that common?” I hadn’t really believed we would be here long enough to get killed. I knew Zach’s game included battles, fighting, and weapons, but it was all a game. Not real. He’d play with the same characters over and over. They never stayed dead. And a job? I wasn’t about to get a job here. I didn’t intend to stay that long, and it might sound selfish, but I didn’t want to work. My parents gave me money when I needed it. The only job I wanted was in the modeling world, with lots of other shallow women who wanted to look good all the time.
Flitwicket nodded as though being killed were a common occurrence. “So, would you like to be a sorceress, or a priestess?” she asked. “They’re the ones who wear the most beautiful armor. They also make charms. I recommend being a priestess. We’re wonderful!” she said with a flourish and a wink.
I couldn’t help but laugh at the dryad’s enthusiasm. Of course, she’d want me to be a priestess like her, and since she knew what she was doing already, that would be the smart choice for me, if we were going to keep hanging out. I didn’t know any sorcerers at the moment. “Okay, I’ll be a priestess.” What I really wanted was beautiful clothes like Flitwicket’s, and to maybe to get my hair done like hers. I could be her Mini-Me!
“Wonderful! Let’s go to my trainer.” Flitwicket took a deep breath, pondering, tapping her perfectly shaped pink lips with her long, tapered finger. Her nails were also perfectly manicured. How did she do it? I wanted her secrets so bad. 
As I followed the stately dryad, I marveled at the busy city, wondering if all these people were someone’s character or toon, as Zach would say. I also wondered if someone out there was playing the game right now and could see me. Wouldn’t that be crazy? Would Zach’s friends recognize me?
We ended up in what Flitwicket called the sorcerer’s quarter, where flowers blossomed in all colors, ivy crept along the brick walls of shops, and golden paths wound their way through the  tall pine trees. Flitwicket led me to an especially tall one, and began to climb.
I stopped, my neck arching to see the top of the really, really tall tree. “Um… I think I’ll wait here.”
Flitwicket turned around, her slender arm on the rail, and cocked her head, frowning. “You can’t be trained unless you go to the trainer.”
Okay. So, I had this terrible fear of heights. It started when I was around five years old at an amusement park. I won’t go into detail, because it was ugly, but not since that time have I gone up high… anywhere. I don’t ride roller coasters, sky rides, and I certainly don’t climb tall trees. I like to keep my feet firmly planted on the ground. This path was too dang narrow and winding. “Well, maybe we should wait until later.”
Flitwicket crossed her arms over her chest. “What’s the real problem, Lauren? Are you afraid?”
“Of course not!”
“Well, then. Let’s go.”
With a sigh, I placed one foot in front of the other, one hand always on the rough bark. Each step took us higher into the towering pine, and I knew if I looked down I’d be sick, and that doesn’t ever make a good impression. Neither did passing out, which was also an option for me. It had happened before. 
Taking deep breaths, and keeping my eyes half closed, I made my way forward, one foot after the other. If I just kept going, I’d make it. But then I’d have to come back down. That thought was almost enough to stop me. 
I closed my eyes and held my stomach as we came to the uppermost branches. A door with a rounded top stood open, and we entered. With a gasp of surprise, I gaped at the beautiful room. Golden tables held long, tapered wands, and crystal windows refracted rainbows on the walls. My fear of heights was instantly forgotten. 
A beautiful woman with tall, pointed ears waited at the back of the room, surrounded by other similarly dressed people. They wore long, colorful robes that floated feather light over their feet. They had light, luminescent skin, high cheekbones, and intricate hair designs that left me in awe. I felt drab and homely in comparison. They looked just like Flitwicket, except for the ears. I heard somebody call them Emerald Elves. 
An air of power filled the room. This was my element—beautiful people, beautiful clothes. I squared my shoulders, determined to look confident even if I didn’t feel it, and marched straight for the distinguished woman who was obviously in charge. “Hi there!” I said, using my friendliest voice. “I’m Lauren Marriott, and I’d like to be trained as a priestess.” 
The graceful woman turned, her silver eyes boring into mine, her mouth tight as she lifted her chin.
Instantly, I realized I’d done it wrong. Again. Humiliation dotted my face as I felt the heat of shame rise up my neck, the blush marring my pale skin. When I realized I was biting my lip, I nearly died. In the modeling world, confidence and pride were both valued traits. I was learning that wasn’t the case here.
Flitwicket hurried to the priestess. “Master,” she said, bowing, “please forgive the manners of this child. She’s new here and unaware of our customs.”
Kill me now. I wanted to melt right into the floor and die. Never had I experienced anything so humiliating. Especially now that I knew what Flitwicket really thought of me.
The woman acknowledged Flitwicket, and then turned to me. “I am Lorialai, head priestess in Tardania. Kindness and humility are the first qualities I look for in a new pupil. Qualities you seem to lack.”
I flinched at the harsh words, trying to remember the last time I was kind or humble. I thought I’d learned those skills just in the last twelve hours of being here. Obviously not, though.
“I do not think that being a priestess is right for you. You should look for something more fitting to your personality. Perhaps a warrior,” Lorialai said with sarcasm.
I shrank at the trainer’s stern expression and cold eyes. I’d only been trying to seem confident and self-assured. How had my words backfired so badly? Why didn’t it work here? I glanced at Flitwicket and noticed the humility she showed in deference to her teacher. Knowing I needed to fix things fast, I stepped forward and bowed low. “I’m truly sorry. I didn’t mean to be rude and offend you. Truly. I really want to be a priestess. Can I have another chance? Please?”
Lorialai eyed me as she walked slowly back to her velvet chair. “Well, now. That’s better. You intrigue me… Lauren, is it?” Lorialai lowered herself slowly, her back straight. She studied me with an intense expression, and I felt myself wilting before her. “I will give you one chance, but you must prove yourself worthy. Bring me five rubies from the Singing Stream, and I will grant your wish to become a priestess.”
I smiled in relief. You just needed to know how to win people over. You had to figure out what they wanted, and then dangle it in front of them. If this woman wanted a humble servant for a day, I could do that. I could do this silly little quest. How hard could it be?
Flitwicket and I left the towering room and headed back down the tree’s golden path, with me practically hugging the trunk the whole way. When we were almost at the bottom, I glanced at Flitwicket and noticed her frowning.
“What’s wrong, Flit?” I asked, floating with happiness that I was once again on hard ground. There was nothing better than the feeling of success, and I’d succeeded in making it down the tree alive, and in getting the trainer to give me another chance. 
Flitwicket glanced at me from the corner of her eye and shook her head. “Oh, Lauren. You’re in a bit of a bind.”
I stopped and faced her, honestly surprised. “A bind? What do you mean?”
She squeezed my shoulder and frowned. “You will see.”



A whole day went by, where Flitwicket and I sightsaw around the city, going into all the cool shops, eating all sorts of magic, exotic food, and we saw no sign of Zach. Believe me, I kept my eye out for him, and we pretty much walked all of Tardania.
I was starting to get worried. 
I spent another night alone at the inn; this time, not exhausted enough to drop asleep quickly. I lay there for a long time, watching beams of light from the moon move through my room. Every creak in the wood, every patron who walked past my door, scared me, and I cursed Zach for not being here with me, to explain it all. 
He was the one who knew this game, knew the streets, and knew the people. He knew names of proprietors and recognized characters of his own, and ones his friends had made. How dare he go off like this! An hour, maybe, but more than a day? He could be kidnapped. Dead! How would I ever know, and how would I get out of here? What if I never did? What if I was stuck here forever?
The next morning, I rose from my feather bed, exhausted from all my worrying, and lumbered down the stairs, tired from lack of sleep. Today was the day. I would do my little quest for rubies. Stupid. I was so not in the mood, and thinking about Zach had made my mood just a little bit darker.
It was harder to smile at Flitwicket, harder to care about the magic food that still worked and made my body feel awesome, harder to want to do a quest.
When Flitwicket saw me come down the stairs, she motioned me over. “Lauren, I’d like you to meet Cardy. He’s a warrior who is willing to help us on your quest.”
I turned to smile at the man and found him much shorter than a man usually is, with a bright-red beard that grew so long it covered his whole belly, which was round and full of magical food, I was sure.
“Hi, Cardy. Nice to meet you.” I stuck my hand out, and he took it, cheerful and full of chuckles. 
He patted his tummy and said, “When’s breakfast?”
It was hard not to like him. He looked just like a dwarf from Lord of the Rings. He probably was a dwarf, but without Zach here to explain things, how would I know? I could feel my temper rising again, so I took another bite of what the people around here called “good-mood food.” I wished it would help my mood.
We ate slowly, and then went out to gather supplies. As we stood next to a rock wall, I noticed someone vaguely familiar walking toward us. 
“Zach?” I whispered in disbelief, mostly to myself.
Flitwicket turned. “Where?”
“There,” I said, pointing down the street. I was pretty sure it was him.
Sure enough, he came, chomping on some of his own good-mood food, but it wasn’t the Zach I’d seen two days ago. This Zach was slender and had… no way… muscles. He looked so different, so good, and taller if that was possible. Plus, he looked happy. Almost smug, and he carried a leather pack he hadn’t had before. He still wore his jeans and T-shirt, but they hung on his lean physique now, looking ten sizes too big.
I couldn’t help but scowl as he approached, my fury barely contained. He’d been off having fun… obviously, and I’d been stuck here. “Where have you been? Do you think you can just run off and leave me alone in a place like this? You’ve been gone for a day and a half! A day and a half!” 
Zach turned to Flitwicket, completely ignoring me, and began eating his third pastry. “Morning, Flit. Sleep well?” 
“I did, Zach, Thank you. I’d like you to meet Cardy, a friend of mine. He’s a warrior and—” She stopped, hesitating. “What happened to you? You look so different, and I sense a new and unusual energy.” Flitwicket’s eyes narrowed as she studied him.
“You do? Really? That is so cool.” He stood tall and proud. I wanted to smack him.
I eyed Zach, studying his new appearance up close. “You do look different. What did you do?”
“I trained as a maverick!” he said, laughing. “That’s why I didn’t come back yesterday. It knocked me unconscious.” He turned to the halfling and stuck out his hand. Cardy only came to his shoulder, but his smile was warm, and his eyes twinkled blue. 
“It’s nice to meet you, Cardy. I’m Zach.” 
“It’s a pleasure, young man. A pleasure.” Cardy bobbed his head and patted the steel sword at his side. It seemed way too long for someone so small.
“So, Zach, you passed out?” Flitwicket mused. “That doesn’t surprise me. A usual reaction for someone your age. Most people aren’t allowed to train for the different areas of expertise until they’re older.”
“Yeah, I know, but Rokonok, my new trainer, was really cool about it.”
“Hello? I’m still standing here,” I said, two inches from Zach’s face. “Are you just going to ignore me?” 
“Hey, Lauren.” Zach answered finally. “How’d you sleep? Good?”
“No, I did not. I need to train as a priestess—which Flitwicket says I should do if I want to survive here—but first I have to do some stupid quest for rubies, and we didn’t even know if you were going to come back and help.” I turned away, crossing my arms with a perfect little scowl on my face. “Apparently, the trainer didn’t like my attitude and is punishing me.”
Zach turned to Flitwicket in surprise. “You don’t mean the Singing Stream rubies, do you?”
“Yes, new maverick. We went to the trainer yesterday, but she won’t train Lauren until she proves herself worthy by retrieving five rubies.” The dryad shook her head. “It did not go well. Lauren is lucky to even have this chance.”
The humiliation was still too raw to laugh about, and especially in front of Zach, because like I said before, he didn’t used to like me, and thought I was a snob. And maybe I was, but back to the story.
“Yeah. I’m so lucky,” I said with a bit of a pout. “I don’t even want to be here. I wish we could go home now.” I could picture my mom at the counter, making breakfast again. It would be Monday morning, so it would be crêpes, with strawberries, peaches, and whipped cream. Our parents must we worried sick! 
“How can Lauren do this without training? It’s a super-hard quest.” He looked genuinely worried, which worried me even more. He knew his game. He knew this quest. He knew what we were in for.
“It is, but she’ll have help,” Flitwicket said, shrugging on her backpack, which looked funny over her shimmering white robes. “We four can do it together.” 
Zach gazed into the priestess’s serene face, almost like he had a crush on her, which he probably did. “Flit, why are you helping us? Not only have you put up with Lauren for almost two days, but with me too,” he said. “I wish I wouldn’t have stalked off. I’m really sorry.”
Good grief, he had it bad.
Flitwicket fingered her gold rings, pursing her lips. “Oh, I don’t know, Zach. Curiosity, I guess. I have a feeling about the two of you.”
“Well, whatever your reasons,” he said, suddenly acting bashful, “thank you.” 
The priestess patted his shoulder affectionately. 
“I’m glad you’re here too,” Zach said to Cardy with a smile. 
“You’re coming on the quest, right?” 
“That’s why I’m here,” Cardy chuckled and patted his rotund belly.
Zach glanced at me, then back to the halfling. “We’ll need you.”
As soon as we left the city, Flitwicket began jogging down the lane. Zach and I followed close behind, and Cardy brought up the rear. His stout legs pounded heavily in the dirt, leaving puffs of dust in his wake. After reaching the Morgantown junction, we turned left, still jogging. 
Suddenly, Zach turned and announced to the group, “Hey guys, I’m gonna run ahead, okay? I want to see how fast I can go now.” 
“Be sure to stay on the path!” Flitwicket called as he rounded a bend up ahead at top speed.
What a showoff. Just because he’d already trained. I waited for him to come back, and it was only a moment before he did. Either he hadn’t run very far, or he was ridiculously fast now.
“You’ve received some valuable training,” Flitwicket said when he was back in place. “It’ll come in handy if you’re ever chased by a spiny spinner. They’re fast.” 
I was not impressed. In fact, I stared straight ahead, refusing to say anything to him at all. At that point, Zach turned around and jogged backward in front of me, knowing it would irritate me to no end. 
“Don’t you think it’s great? My new abilities, I mean?”
“I suggest you get out of my way.” I held my face rigid, like stone, showing zero emotion.
“Oh? Why?” he asked, still jogging backward.
That was my moment, when he least expected it. I lunged, shoving him. He lost his balance and landed on his butt with an explosion of breath. “That was rude!” he yelled as I ran past him. He hopped up and jogged after me. “You should be nicer, Lauren, or we’ll let you do this quest alone!”
I stopped jogging and gazed into his oh-so-familiar eyes. Eyes that looked so much like my own. “You’re having too much fun, Zach. You probably want to try out your new powers, so stop threatening me!”
“You’re right,” he said finally. “I’m sorry. We’ll keep the singing sirens away, but you’ll have to retrieve the rubies yourself. It will be difficult and scary, but we’ll help you.”
Zach’s sudden seriousness surprised me. That and the fact that he seemed genuinely concerned about my doing this quest. “What aren’t you telling me?” I asked. “Is it something about the quest? Is it dangerous? Don’t I just pick the rubies up off the bottom of the stream?” 
“Don’t worry,” Cardy said, still panting from our forced death march. “It will be all right with the four of us.”
We reached an area of the woods where the path narrowed, and we entered the dark, foreboding woods. My heart quaked, and a bead of sweat broke out along my hairline. I could feel it drip down my cheek. An ominous feeling of danger came over me, and I just wanted to run away and never come back.
“Are we in the right place?” I asked. “This seems pretty dismal for a singing stream. Hey, why aren’t you guys answering my questions?” 
Flitwicket, Zach, and Cardy stopped and faced me. All three wore a look of unease, and then Zach spoke up. “Lauren, to answer your first question, no, you don’t pick the rubies up off the bottom of the stream. The stream is deep. It looks shallow from the banks, but when you step in, you sink a really long way to the bottom. The rubies are inside these weird clamshell things. You have to pry them open to get the rubies out, and you have to hold your breath for a long time—unless you have an underwater breathing spell.”
“You mean I could drown?” I asked, appalled.
“No,” Cardy said. “You won’t have time to drown. The singing sirens will attack you first, and then the preying piranha will eat you.” His smile was wide, a contradiction to his words. 
“You’re kidding, right?” I felt my expression fall and my face drain of blood. Dizzy lights danced in front of my eyes, and I knew I’d pass out if I didn’t get some air.
Flitwicket stepped forward, placing a comforting hand on my shoulder. “Never fear, little Lauren. I brought the breathing spells. That will be the least of your worries. We’ll keep the sirens and any other enemies away. There aren’t rubies in all the clams, so you’ll have to work fast. The breathing spell only lasts thirty minutes.”



Killer sirens? Piranha? I didn’t think I was up for this. Couldn’t we just forget this quest and go get the Eye of Tanúb? My new friends stood watching me, waiting for my reaction. Indecision weighed heavily, and I wanted to tell them I’d changed my mind, that I would wait for them at the inn, safe and sound in the nice, lumpy feather bed. But I didn’t want to give Zach the satisfaction of seeing me quit, and I’m sure he thought I would.
“No problem,” I said, lifting my chin. “Let’s go.” 
The woods grew darker the farther we penetrated. Treetops hung low, their naked branches jagged and reaching out to scratch us as we passed. Grass no longer grew on the hard ground, and the small, skittering animals had disappeared. This area of the woods felt dead, throbbing with evil. The hair on my neck prickled, and the urge to turn back and run for the path overwhelmed me. Did the others feel the same way?
“Steel your mind against the forest’s influence,” Flitwicket whispered, stepping slowly, her wand held tightly in front of her. “It wants us to leave.” 
“And stay close together,” Cardy added, keeping me in front of him. “We’re almost there.”
I couldn’t even tell you how glad I was that Cardy was with us, so I wouldn’t have to worry about anyone sneaking up from behind. 
And that was when I saw it… brown and small, streaking through the trees, coming closer and closer. Before I could stop it, a scream tore through my throat, echoing through the dead woods for all to hear… and then it landed with a plop right in front of me, small and wiry, with dusky brown fur that hung in clumpy dreadlocks. 
I felt silly for being afraid of such a cute little creature, and I reached out to pet the monkey, but its mouth opened and a hundred jagged black teeth protruded from its thin, black lips. Another piercing wail screeched through the woods, and I stumbled back, covering my ears, immobilized by the petrifying sound. 
Three seconds later, a second monkey fell to the forest floor. Cardy, with his giant broadsword, swung, chopping the head off the first screaming beast. It rolled to my feet and stared up at me with glazed eyes. The second monkey howled in dismay and sprang forward, landing on Cardy’s chest, its razor-sharp teeth sinking into the halfling’s fleshy neck. 
Flitwicket whirled, light as a feather, and threw a white-hot spell from her ivory wand. The spell hit the monkey in the back, leaving a gaping, smoking hole all the way through. The animal froze in surprise, falling backward to the forest floor, dead.
Cardy covered his bleeding wound, but bright drops of crimson escaped through his meaty fingers. Flitwicket was at his side in seconds, pressing a glowing, white bandage to the jagged wound. 
I found myself gripping Zach’s shirt, my knuckles white with effort, my heart beating so powerfully it felt like it would pound right out of my chest. Never in million years would I have hugged my brother like this back home. But here? I couldn’t seem to let go of him. What if another raging monkey landed at our feet, or on me?
Cardy grimaced at the pressure of Flitwicket’s fingers, but the wound stopped bleeding within seconds. I stared in amazement, remembering the bandages on the table, back at the inn when Flitwicket made them. I moved closer to get a better look, still weak in the knees. 
Flitwicket placed another bandage on top of the first. “This should do the trick.”
“That was so… so awful! Are you okay, Cardy?” I reached out and gently touched the glowing bandage. It was soft as silk.
“He’ll be fine,” Flitwicket said, wrapping up the unused bandages. “These are infused with powerful magic.” She replaced the enchanted cloth in her pack and sealed it shut.
“Thank you, Flit,” Cardy said, breathing heavily. “That was close.”
We continued our quest in silence, slowing to a walk. The woods squeezed in on us, wheezing its icy breath around our exposed skin. After a few minutes, we stepped from the trees into a small, sandy clearing. There, in the middle of a meadow, lay a crystal-clear pool in the shape of a ring. 
When I had been told to go to the Singing Stream, I had imagined a normal mountain creek, running clear, pure. This stream flowed in a circle and connected back to itself—going around and around, twenty feet wide and rushing swiftly. And it wasn’t singing.
I stepped to the edge to peek in. The bottom seemed only inches away, like I could reach down and pick up a rock from its shallow depths. There were no sirens or any other signs of life, but I suspected they were there, hiding in the uninviting depths of this pool. 
Evil, deadly things lay waiting. They could probably see me, and were laughing at my fear. My mind came up with all sorts of monsters with hideous faces, sharp claws, and terrifying expressions.
My pulse began to pound, and I knew I couldn’t do this. I’d never even been able to open my eyes underwater—even in a pool. How would I see the evil creatures as they swam for me, their teeth bared and dripping with blood, their scaly hands outstretched? 
That was all it took. I turned to run, a silent scream lodged in my throat.
Zach grabbed me as I fled past. “Lauren, stop!” He tried to hold me back, but my nails scratched desperately at the back of his hands until I broke free.
“Let go! I’m not doing it!” 
Quickly, Flitwicket grabbed me by the shirt, and smacked me hard across the face.
I stopped trying to escape and stared at her in surprise, my cheek still stinging. 
“What… what did you do that for? What happened?” I asked, genuinely shocked. 
“You stepped on a twittering toadstool,” Flitwicket said matter-of-factly. “It casts a spell of fear, making you want to run. The stream doesn’t want to give up its treasures. There are a number of spells here to keep would-be thieves away. I should’ve warned you. I’m sorry.” She stroked my hair as she explained. It was the most soothing experience I think I’d ever had. A feeling of calm descended over me, and my tension eased. 
“I’m okay now. That was weird.”
“Be very careful where you step. Here,” Flitwicket said, handing us each a round cherry bauble. “Eat this. As soon as you swallow, the thirty minutes begins.”
“Let’s hurry,” Zach said. “It looks like evening already. We don’t want to be here once it gets dark.”
We stood on the banks of the stream, holding our breathing spells. “On the count of three, swallow,” Flitwicket said. “One, two, three!”
I plopped the bauble in my mouth and chewed. Pleasantly surprised by the fruity flavor, I smiled, closing my eyes. I liked the way it stuck to my teeth like strawberry taffy. It made me imagine being home, snuggled in my bed, eating a harmless piece of candy.
Flitwicket touched a spot in the middle of her forehead, and a glowing, static shield appeared around her, shining brightly like a sunbeam around her whole body. She radiated golden light as she stepped forward and dove into the water. 
Cardy dove next, making a huge splash. Waves lapped at the muddy bank, wetting my shoes. I hesitated, suddenly afraid. All those terrifying thoughts of demons and killer fish were foremost in my mind. I didn’t want to be a priestess anymore, and I couldn’t care less about rubies. But before I could react, Zach grabbed my hand and pulled me behind him into the stream. 
I screamed as the cool water covered my head, and my clothes dragged behind me, heavy. I hadn’t thought about how they would weigh me down, but the rush of water felt good. After feeling something slither past my legs, my eyes snapped open. 
The water was surprisingly clear, and my eyes didn’t burn or hurt in any way. I smiled. This wouldn’t be so bad after all. Like a summer dip in the community pool.
At Zach’s urging, I paddled for the bottom, using wide, strong strokes, my confidence building. Zach swam beside me the whole way, giving me a thumbs-up. I was so glad he was there. I’d have to be extra nice to him when this was over.
From out of nowhere, a beautiful woman appeared, her pale blue skin shimmering in the waning light. Silver hair floated around her pixie face, and her bright eyes focused on me. I floated in the water, mesmerized by the entrancing woman, wanting to reach out, eager to touch her cerulean skin. The siren reached for me also, and as soon as our hands intertwined, she began a sad, hypnotic song, pulling me away from Zach with amazing strength.
I didn’t even care. I wanted nothing more than to go wherever the singer took me. There was no thought of the future, of rubies, or of my brother. Just her.
A flash of white zipped past my face and exploded on the siren’s forehead. Sparks flew, but the siren wasn’t hurt, and man, did she get mad, her eyes flashing with fury. Flitwicket approached, her wand in hand. Another spell flew, hitting the sea-woman again. The siren screamed, finally letting go of me, and swimming for Flitwicket, her long, blue fingernails trying to scratch out the dryad’s eyes, but Flitwicket’s magical, glowing shield held strong.
I took in the scene with detached interest. Why did Flitwicket attack the beautiful woman? It was so rude. She hadn’t been doing anything wrong at all. I was jerked abruptly from my reverie when Zach smacked his hand against my face. It really hurt, and I was getting sick and tired of being slapped. 
Turning in the water, I saw the lifeless body of the siren floating to the bottom of the stream. I realized then that Flitwicket had saved me from the beautiful, blue-skinned opera star, and I was glad it wasn’t me floating to the bottom. 
Feeling a sense of urgency, I gathered courage and dove for the clams. The fact that I was breathing normally under the water didn’t even enter my mind. The shells sparkled in the sand, just waiting to be plucked. I pulled the dagger that Zach had given me from my belt, and began to pry. The first shell delivered a ruby the size of my thumbnail. In awe, I gazed at its perfectly faceted angles. It glowed blood red and reminded me of Zach’s pendant. Had that ruby come from this stream too?
I hurried to the next one… no ruby. Cardy stayed close, his sword out and ready to protect me. He squatted on the bottom of the river and watched the surrounding seaweed. 
While I searched, I frequently glanced over at Cardy to make sure he was still there. He made me feel safe. At one point, I watched a vine slither slowly around his leg. He hacked at it to free himself, and for a moment, I almost stopped to help him, but I needed to hurry and find more rubies. I wasn’t sure how much longer we had before our breathing spells ran out. Figuring he could take care of himself, I went back to work.
After the fifteenth clam, I looked up, wondering where Flitwicket and Zach were. I saw Zach a short way off, surrounded by small, black piranha, but he seemed to hold his own as he slashed and stabbed the attacking fish, right in his element. Flitwicket battled with not one, but two beautiful sirens. 
It was difficult to pull my eyes away as I watched one siren slash with sharp fingernails, and the other go for Flitwicket’s eyes. The dryad’s wand flashed so quickly and so often that I couldn’t even focus. A moment of envy filled me. I wanted to be like that. Beautiful, powerful, and magical. 
Turning back to the clams, I hurried to the next shell—not knowing how long I had left to breathe under water, but praying that nothing disturbed me since I didn’t know how to fight. I grabbed at clams left and right, but suddenly I felt a sharp sting on my ankle. 
A plump, gray fish with slender, needle-like teeth clung to me, its teeth sunk deep into my skin. At first I just stared, shocked this had happened to me. Then, I kicked, but the fish held on, ripping at my skin. In a panic, I reached for the terrifying piranha, which was causing me more pain than I’d ever felt before, like my foot was on fire, or being ripped apart at the bone. It slipped through my fingers with slimy swiftness, only to reattach itself on my other leg. I screamed out into the water, the pain too intense to describe. My mouth filled with floating debris, and I gagged. Cardy instantly appeared at my side, slicing the fish in half. 
I grimaced a smile to my rescuer, spitting out the foul water, glad that they couldn’t see my tears of terror, and then hurried to search for more clamshells. I’d have to feel sorry for myself later. Trying to ignore the sting in my legs and feet and the pink-stained water, I concentrated instead on the cloud of blood that would attract all sorts of things. Maybe even sharks. I had no idea what swam in these waters, but my imagination ran wild.
I’d found three rubies, but that was it. The next three clams had nothing. Farther to my right, a large shell shimmered brightly, surrounded by dancing sea-grass. Kicking frantically, and leaving a pink cloud in my wake, I made it to a clam just as I felt a tightening in my chest. Oh no! My water breathing was coming to an end. 
I held my breath as the giant shell broke open under my knife. Grabbing the blood-red stone within, I searched for Cardy, who now battled against too many demonic piranha to count. I kicked forward, hoping to help him, but I was suddenly filled with panic. My chest burned. I had to breathe! My lungs constricted, and automatically my mouth opened before I could even begin to kick for the surface, and I sucked in water just as the large ruby I held in my fist fell into my bag. Icy-cold fluid filled my nose and sinuses, and choked down my throat.
I searched frantically for Zach, beginning to feel lightheaded. I couldn’t focus. Red dots danced before my eyes, and I knew it was over as I floated down and landed on the river’s sandy bottom. Silt puffed out around me, making the water murky as my feet floated above me. This was where my life would end. And after all this time and effort, I would fail, dying in this horrific place, in unbearable pain. 
My last thought was of Zach, hoping he’d make it out alive. 




I was unconscious, lying on the bottom of the Singing Stream. Zach was the first to see me, and he was out of air too. At the moment he saw me, he’d just gotten a particularly bad bite on his arm from a piranha, but he swam for me anyway, and even though his air had run out, he hadn’t taken that one last breath that would fill his lungs with water, like I’d done. By the time he reached me, I was limp and unresponsive. He grabbed my arm and turned for the surface.
Cardy fought against a swarm of tenacious piranha. The halfling’s blood spread through the water like a pink mushroom cloud, making it impossible to see, but Zach couldn’t help the little warrior until I was safe. 
Flitwicket’s wand flashed as dozens of blue-skinned sirens grabbed for Zach’s legs, trying to pull him down. He focused only on escape, and because of his new training, he flew past the sirens, their grasping fingers feather light against his ankles.
Bursting through the surface, he flung me onto the wet, muddy bank, where I landed with a thump. With a racing heart, he turned me over, pushing water from my lungs, and then flipping me back to begin CPR. Over and over, he breathed into my mouth, which had I been awake at the time, I would have decked him hard. But I wasn’t, and the CPR didn’t work. Neither Cardy nor Flitwicket had reached the surface yet. 
We were stuck in the middle of a dangerous forest, and the sun had almost set. Only a sliver of light remained, and our two friends were under the water, possibly dying. I lay on the muddy bank, already dead. He watched my face go from blue to gray. 
But he couldn’t give up!
Zach blew in another puff of air then pressed my chest, forcing my heart to pump. Tears streamed down his cheeks as he counted—one, two, three, four, puff—over and over. What would our parents think when they found out their beautiful, extremely talented daughter was dead because of a stupid game? A game Zach wasn’t even supposed to play? Guilt gnawed at him like a rabid dog, as well it should, but he persevered. 
In the middle of a puff, I sputtered. Zach turned my head just as I threw up, coughing and gagging. Relief flooded through him, and a rush of love for his exquisite, loving sister grew inside. Never in his life had he felt such panic—watching me die before his eyes. He exhaled and pulled me to a sitting position, hugging me hard. This part I remember.
My eyes lifted to his. “Zach…” I reached for him, hugging him on the bank of the Singing Stream, and then pulled away to gaze into his eyes, communicating something I’d never actually said before. That I loved him. And I did. Really and truly. All the past mistakes we’d made, the times we’d been cruel to each other… it was all erased and forgiven. We’d been given a second chance, and I was not going to waste it.
After a minute, Zach stood, a pained expression on his face. “I need to go back in.”
“Zach, no! You can’t breathe underwater anymore, and if one of those things grabs you…”
“I need to. They saved us.” With that, he took a deep breath, and then dove into the deadly depths. This is what he told me happened…
The water cleared once he cut the surface, and he saw Flitwicket struggling, but making no progress. Her eyes were large with fear. She was out of air, and not going to make it to the top without help. Zach sped toward her, grasping her weakening hand. A tug-of-war ensued with the vigorous sirens, but Zach slowly gained ground. He yanked the dagger from his belt and stabbed at their reaching fingers. 
They grabbed at him, pulling at his pant legs and waistband. He felt himself sinking and his lungs burned like fire. He remembered from his training that he’d been given the talent of cunning, but nothing tricky came to mind. 
After a second, an idea grew. What if he dove down instead of up? Maybe it would surprise the sirens. He dove, dragging Flitwicket with him. Immediately, the sea-women let go. Zach swirled in the water, and then jetted for the top. The sirens didn’t react quickly enough, and Zach and Flitwicket burst through the surface. 
I leaned out, and pulled the nearly unconscious priestess over to the muddy bank. Flitwicket coughed and sputtered, but recovered quickly, taking deep breaths. “Cardy didn’t make it,” she said, gasping for air.
We froze. “What? Are you sure?” Zach asked.
“I’m sure. I saw him.” Flitwicket bowed her head between her knees, her chest heaving.
“Cardy is… dead? Gone? But we were supposed to become great friends, quest, and battle together. Friends don’t die, only enemies.” Zach’s eyebrows drew together in a deep frown. “He’ll resurrect though, right?”
“No, Zach. He won’t.” Flitwicket shook her head sadly, her face drawn and sorrowful. “That happens only in the battlegrounds.” She turned to face me. “How many rubies did you get?”
In shame, I hung my head. “I only got four.” Holding out the glowing, crimson stones, I began to cry, hiding behind my veil of moss-filled hair. 
Zach put his arm around my shoulders, squeezing. “It’s all right,” he whispered. “You were amazing.”
I hadn’t heard words of praise like that in a long time. I pulled back to look into his eyes, his mournful expression matching my own. “Not amazing enough.”



I bowed before Lorialai, the priestess trainer, the rubies in my outstretched hand. “I… I’m sorry. I didn’t get five.”
Lorialai stepped forward, never taking her eyes from my face. Her long, white robes whooshed around her feet as she reached out to take the rubies. Using her other hand, she counted each one, her ivory skin glowing like alabaster. Her eyes snapped up, meeting my gaze with intensity. I almost jumped back, startled by her expression. Was she going to hit me?
From the corner of my eye, I saw Zach grip his dagger, and I suppressed a chill. Could she be angry that I didn’t get all five? I’d tried. I really and truly tried.
A modest smile curved the trainer’s scarlet lips as she lifted my chin in her steely fingers, and stared hard into my eyes. “You have surprised me, child. That seldom happens.” 
She took a long, slow breath, and then turned to the rest of the room, holding the rubies high in her fist. In a loud she voice, she said, “She has found twins!”
The priestesses in the room cheered, and even Flitwicket couldn’t hold back. She clapped her hands in surprise, her crystal-blue eyes shining.
“Twins?” I said, confused.
“Yes, my dear,” Lorialai stated, pointing to the rubies in her palm. “See this large one?” She flicked it with her long fingernail, and it split apart. A hush fell over the room. “This one… is really two. Twins.” Again, she turned to address the room. “These jewels are more powerful than any others because they were sealed, conjoined, united.” She turned back to me. “Do you understand?” she asked in a hushed whisper. “United, bound, loyal.” 
“Uh…” My gaze flickered toward Zach. She was talking about us. About how we should be with each other. United. Bound. Loyal.
Lorialai strode to a raised dais at the front of the room and placed the rubies there. She raised an ivory wand, and then turned toward me again. “And what of your fourth companion?”
“He did not survive, Master,” Flitwicket answered, her head bowed.
Lorialai nodded. “I am very sorry. This world is a dangerous place, and the quests received should never be taken lightly.”
“Yes, Master,” Flitwicket said.
Lorialai’s gaze came to rest on me once again. “You will have your desire to become a priestess. You have courage and determination. You have also learned that no matter how terribly you have treated your brother, he is still loyal to you.” 
I bowed my head, slowly shaking it back and forth. “I know. I’ve treated Zach in the worst way his whole life. I never liked him or wanted him around, but he’s always been patient and nice to me. I’m sorry, Zach,” I whispered, almost too quiet to hear. 
Lorialai brought her training wand down on my forehead, its tip glowing red. A flash of light filled the room. “Intellect!” My arms and legs began to tingle, then go numb. 
The wand touched my right temple, and the room flashed brilliantly again. “Primary Healing!” I stumbled forward, off balance. The pain of the spell zapping all the way to my toes, like I’d stuck my fingers in a socket and left them there. The surge of power scorched through my veins like molten lava. Not only did every cell in my body burn, but I felt sapped of strength every time the wand made contact with my head.
It came down two more times with the abilities of “Inner Focus,” and “Divine Shield.” By the time the torture ended, I was on my knees, gasping for breath, and was only able to regain my balance with Flitwicket’s help. I bowed to the trainer and whispered a weak, “Thank you.”
“You are most welcome, Lauren of Light,” Lorialai answered. “Now, rest. You will need it.” 



Zach and I reclined on a soft feather bed at the inn. Not on the same bed, mind you, but two twin-size beds. I’d slept for hours after my training and had only just woken up. I glanced at Zach as he lay with his fingers interlaced behind his head. 
“So,” he said, once he noticed I was awake. “You’re Lauren of Light.”
“Yeah, I guess.” I turned over and faced him. Flitwicket had explained that the honor of a title was rare. Not even she had one. I was sure I didn’t deserve it, and I knew Zach thought the same thing.
Flitwicket had left early to tell Cardy’s family he was never coming home. I was glad to not be a part of that quest. I pushed those terrible feelings aside, telling myself it was only a game. Cardy wasn’t even real. We had no reason to feel guilty or despondent about the warrior’s death. Cardy was just somebody’s character. 
“I’m bored, Lauren, and there’s something really fun we could do… if you wanted.”
“What do you have in mind?” Now that I’d slept, I felt really good. Awake. Energetic. I’d just been endowed with Primary Healing, a magic shield like Flitwicket’s, intellect, and inner focus. It would be fun to try them out. Zach must have read my mind.
“A battle.”
We were out the door in a flash, hurrying through the teeming city. We stopped at the Barter House on our way to check out weapons. Zach explained that even though I wanted to focus on healing—and priestesses could focus on either healing or attacking—I needed to have a couple of weapons on me just in case. He wanted something better too, since he only had a small dagger, which didn’t cause much damage.
The barter house bustled with activity, full and noisy. The salty-sweet smell of sweaty battlers hung in the air as patrons dickered over prices. Weapons of all kinds lay arranged on the counters. I yearned to pick up everything, wanting to test their weight even though I had no idea how to use them. The fact that these were real weapons that actually killed people was not something I dwelled on. I was just having fun in the game.
I found an old, used wand that didn’t cost much, and I still had the dagger Zach gave me at the Singing Stream. The other weapons I carried were in my mind, and I couldn’t wait to test them out. I still hadn’t decided if I wanted to focus only on healing, which would make me a Consecrated Priestess, or on attack skills, which would make me a Phantom Priestess. You could do both and be an Artisan Priestess, but that was just too much to think about. Zach said it would be better to focus on just one for now. I could always change later. So, for now, I’d just work on healing.
Zach found two matching short-swords. Their keen edges shining brightly, and their balance light and lethal. He paid his gold, and we went away happy, ready to participate in our first mock battle. We jogged in the direction of the huge arena. 
Located at the back of the city, the battlegrounds’ tall, iron gates marked its entrance. Pride rushed through me like cool water over a parched desert. We were here, experiencing something miraculous, something amazing. I couldn’t believe it, and even though I hadn’t wanted to be here in the first place, I was finding Terratir to be enticing and magical.
Zach glanced over, his smile wider than I’d ever seen it, stretching from ear to ear. “Just stay by me,” he said. “Work on healing the other fighters around you, stay away from the enemy, and try to stay out of sight. Healers are always the first ones they go for.”
“What? Now you tell me?” I didn’t want to be a target. I didn’t even have armor yet. Not that armor would really help me, because from what Zach said, priestesses wore long, flowing robes like Flitwicket’s. How much could they possibly protect me?
The first thing I noticed was everyone’s heavy, durable armor. Zach didn’t have any armor either, and I saw him smack his forehead, moaning at his stupidity. His Levis were baggy now, and his old, ratty T-shirt hung off his shoulders. We were so stupid.
He pulled me through the throng of people, toward the battlegrounds. “That’s the Emerald Elf battle master,” he said, pointing to a guy who stood a head taller than any other person in the room. He had cool, green-tinged skin and long pointed ears.
“We want to join the battle for Desert Delta,” Zach said to him, still smiling from ear to ear. I stood just behind him, trying to look inconspicuous.
The battle master glanced down his narrow, pointed nose and frowned. “You two seem a little on the small side.”
“I’m a trained maverick, and my sister here is a trained priestess. We just want to get in at the lowest level.”
“It’s your funeral.” He gave us tickets and sent us to the iron doors that had Desert Delta painted above them. 
A small group gathered. I was starting to get good at recognizing all the different races in the game, and I counted three elves, tall and fair, five dryads, beautiful and fairy-like, and four humans. The last three to join were halflings, stout and strong, reminding me of Cardy. My chest tightened at the memory, but I didn’t want to feel sad about our halfling friend. I kept telling myself that these people were pretend. They weren’t real, just characters in a dumb computer game.
The iron doors burst open, and a thrill rushed through me. I wished I had taken time to play Zach’s game just once, so I’d know what I was in for. 
“We’re going into a magical arena that is also attached to the Legion’s magical battlegrounds,” Zach said once the doors opened and we started to move. “As soon as the battle begins, there will be real beings from the Legion side to attack. Don’t be scared,” he yelled over his shoulder as he raced ahead, wild with abandon.
I stood on the threshold, looking out over a wide valley dotted with trees and boulders and even a couple of small buildings. Our teammates cheered, running to steal the other team’s flag. Zach followed them down a steep hill and over the verdant valley that separated the Guild’s home base from the Legion’s. 
I could hear the enemy before I saw them, their battle howls penetrating through a cloud of fear that was slowly developing like a storm in my mind, chilling my blood. I watched Zach slow as soon as he saw them too, and then stop dead in his tracks.
My mouth went dry. 
The Legion had giant werewolves with black chain mail on their team, saliva dripping from their exposed fangs. Zombie sorcerers, decked out in colorful magical robes, their skin dangling in clumps from their faces. Finally, the dark-skinned drows came screaming across the field, their daggers glinting in the sun. 
I didn’t know we’d be fighting fierce monsters and demonic beings. Suddenly, the battlegrounds didn’t seem so exciting. I quickly hid behind a large rock, panting in fear, because the doors to the battlegrounds had shut and there was no way out. My teammates met up with the enemy in the center of the valley and battled hand to hand. 
I pulled back farther behind the boulder, my lungs closed tight and unresponsive. Sweat broke out along my upper lip and forehead, and my feet felt like lead weight. I’d give anything to have a hairband for a ponytail. I hated having my hair in my face when I was about to be killed.
I peeked out from behind the rock. Already, people were wounded and dying, and I wasn’t doing my job. I needed to start healing the players, but I couldn’t. I couldn’t go out there and commit suicide. Even if it wasn’t real. 
Screams of pain and terror came from a nearby grove of trees. I should have helped. It was only a game after all. If I died, I’d resurrect—perfect and ready to fight again until the battle ended. People always resurrected in the battlegrounds. Flitwicket told me so herself.
Taking two deep breaths, and praying for strength—because I was ready to believe in miracles—I stepped from behind the boulder and pulled out my wand. Nobody was at our base but me, but they would be soon. This was where they’d resurrect after they died. 
Taking a deep breath, I searched for someone to heal. Mainly my brother. He’d told me to stick by him, and that was what I intended to do. I found him partway down the hill, holding both his swords, one in each hand. He had just come face to face with a werewolf warrior. I crept close, trying to stay hidden behind anything big enough.
The werewolf howled in delight, his canines dripping with spittle—his thick, bright armor reflecting the sun. His dark eyes narrowed as they focused on Zach who must have looked like an easy target. He took two steps forward, swinging his giant broadsword back and forth in a figure eight.
Zach choked and coughed, sounding pathetic. I felt sorry for him. He must be terrified, forced to fight something so ferocious, but this was his idea. Just as the werewolf brought his sword up and swung, Zach turned and dashed for the small Guild cottage on the hill to our right. His feet sank in the grass, making escape difficult. The werewolf gained, his lips pulled back in a slobbery snarl.
As Zach ran for safety, I followed, but my toe caught on an embedded rock. I’d never been particularly graceful, so this wasn’t a surprise. In fact, I would have been more surprised to have escaped without any difficulties. Pain shot through my toe, and I flew into a muddy bog face-first, becoming soaked with slimy, putrid water. I flipped over, and saw Zach run past.
“Hey! Wait!”
Zach turned, as though surprised to see me there, lying in the mud. He sheathed a sword and grabbed me by the armpit, hauling me up. “Come on! Hurry!”
But we were too slow. The beast stood right behind us. A look of triumph already on his face, if you could call his snout a face. “Yuoa sgr kirsf mrsy!” 
“What does that mean?” I screamed, holding my wand out as though it could protect us.
“It means we’re dead meat!”
With two hands, the werewolf thrust his sword at Zach’s chest. Zach dodged, tripped—of course—and rolled at the last second. The broadsword sliced through the grass, burying itself deep in the wet earth. I hurried to get out of the way and hide behind a tree. I still hadn’t used any of my talents, but I couldn’t seem to remember what they were.
Zach brought his two short swords up just as the werewolf launched himself on top of him. Sharp, dirty claws sank into Zach’s shoulder, and the scream he emitted was equal to the thousand spikes that had exploded under his skin. The werewolf lay still, his eyes staring in disbelief at the two blades imbedded in his abdomen. His eyes slowly glazed over and closed.
Warm, dark blood dripped down Zach’s arms, making his swords sticky and slick. He pushed the werewolf off and rolled to his knees, his hands shaking as he wiped his face. He cleaned his blades on the damp grass, still shaking, and turned to study the warrior, whose snout lay open—his jagged teeth exposed. 
Glancing in my direction, he smiled. “Could you give me a heal, please?”
“Huh? Oh. Sure.” Bringing my wand up, I aimed the tip at his shoulder, and a blue, liquid light, like a mini-zap of electricity, flew into the wound, healing it instantly. “Wow,” I breathed in astonishment. “That was so cool.”
Zach shrugged his shoulder. “Feels good. It worked.” He gave me a radiant smile, and I was ready to go again. Battle-lust was beginning to fuel my heart, and a part of me wanted to fight as well as heal. As we stood there, the werewolf’s body shimmered, and in a matter of seconds, disappeared altogether. 
I stumbled back in surprise, knowing it happened in the game, but not expecting it now. The werewolf would soon resurrect back at his team’s flag, healthy and whole—ready to battle again. “Wow. Cool.” 
And without another thought, I followed Zach back out onto the field and into the sunshine. Not far from us, a human tracker shot arrows at a zombie sorcerer. The tracker’s war-pet attacked the zombie at close range while the tracker stood safely on a high boulder. With renewed confidence, Zach crept forward on silent feet while I stayed back, my wand at the ready.
Zach snuck up behind the sorcerer and easily cut him down, slicing through his neck with ease. The sorcerer shimmered and disappeared from view. I had to keep telling myself that this was a game. It wasn’t real. But truly, it felt like a super-violent—real—experience, and it was hard for me to separate it from reality. 
The Guild tracker gave Zach and me a thumbs-up, then ran after another foe. Even though we’d made a successful team so far, watching the killing had left a sour taste in my mouth. 
Zach ran back to me, his chest heaving, his expression, miserable. “This isn’t the same as doing it on the computer with cartoon characters.” 
“Maybe you should go for the flag instead. Isn’t that what you do in this game?” 
“Hey! Yeah. And cunning and speed are my talents,” he said, “so I’ll be good at snatching the enemy’s flag. That’s always my favorite thing to do in a battle.” His smile broadened, and I knew I’d made the right suggestion.
“Should I come with?”
“Sure! Why not?”
Cutting back to the edge of the woods, we followed the tree line to the Legion’s home base. We snuck along, dodging shrubbery, making our way up the hill. The Legion’s home base door opened without a sound, and we slipped inside.
No one was there. 
Blood pounded through my head as we neared the flag room. This was so scary! At any minute, we could come face to face with their whole team. We could be cut down as easily as corn stalks. My heart raced in dread anticipation.
We stopped and listened. I swear I could feel a presence, could almost hear them breathing, but we were too close to give up. The flag sat on a dais in the center of the open room, and a door on the other side would be our escape. All Zach had to do was grab it and run. He’d been endowed with speed, so he could do it. I did not have speed, but I did have my shield, so I pressed my finger to the center of my forehead and concentrated. My shield appeared around me with an ethereal glow. 
I stayed back, and Zach sped into the wide room, his feet slapping the smooth marble tiles. Halfway to the dais, he was knocked off his feet and slid halfway across the floor, crashing into the far wall. I let out a soft scream of surprise, and the hairs on my neck stood as death breathed down our backs. Gasping for air, I searched the room. 
“Is there a character that can go invisible?” I whispered as loud as I dared. 
“Only mavericks.”
That’s what Zach was, but he hadn’t trained for invisibility yet. That meant he was up against someone better and stronger. Probably smarter too. That was just a given.
Zach rolled to his knees, and brought out his swords, rocking back and forth on the balls of his feet. I waited to do some serious healing with my wand. 
Our foe shimmered into view—a female drow. Her chocolaty skin glowed like polished stone, gleaming in the torchlight. She smiled as she stalked Zach, her teeth pearly white against her chestnut skin.
I couldn’t help but notice how beautiful she was, with her long, dark hair, and large, luminescent eyes. She’d make a great model, but she wasn’t nearly tall enough. Would Zach be able to kill her? She looked too dang human, except for her dark, pointed ears, which had golden hoop earrings hanging from them—the kind I liked and frequently wore, although I preferred silver.
This girl wasn’t a monster, horrible or snarling. She smelled like pine trees, reminding me of Christmas Day. It was very distracting, because I needed to remember to heal Zach’s injuries, not evaluate the beauty of his opponent.
She moved in, jabbing with short strokes. “Oasu upir pryars, jumean!” She lunged.
Zach dodged her blows without fighting back, trying only to block her thrusts. He swerved from a close jab, but wasn’t quick enough. The tip of her blade nicked his upper arm, the slice stinging like salt in a paper cut. At least, that was what he told me later. I try not to imagine it.
I quickly threw a healing spell that fixed his arm within a few seconds, but instead of running for the flag, he turned and ran for the door… without the flag. That big chicken! And he left me in the enemy house all by myself. The drow gave chase, so naturally I followed too, staying far enough behind that she wouldn’t notice me. Hopefully.
Zach snuck a quick peek over his shoulder and ran straight into the doorjamb—which was not surprising to me—and bounced outside into the hard-packed dirt, sliding close to the edge of a cliff. 
He hung over the twenty-foot drop, and then rolled away, but the drow pounced, pinning him. She wasn’t big, but she was strong. Zach tried to shove her off, bringing his knee into her back. She lost her balance, falling over his head and releasing her grip. He had just enough time slide out from under her. I watched with my heart racing, glad it wasn’t me beneath her steely arms.
Zach rolled to his feet and crouched, a dagger in each hand. They circled each other, and Zach kept his eyes on her face. He lunged. She jumped back. They circled again. Then, for no reason at all, the woman stopped, a perplexed look on her face. She stared over Zach’s left shoulder, out onto the battlefield. 
Both Zach and I turned to see what she was looking at. In the next second, he was on the ground. “Stupid!” he hissed, trying to roll to his back, but it didn’t work. Her strong, small hands clasped his, banging his wrists against the hard ground until he lost hold of his swords. 
I almost ran out to help him, but this woman scared the crap out of me. I didn’t know how to fight other than to pull hair or scratch. Two things this drow would not be afraid of.
She smiled in triumph. “Un sirrt ti di tgus byst.”  
I felt Zach’s defeat in her words. Struggling one last time, he shoved with his hips, kicking her with his knee, straining against her sinewy arms, but he was unable to dislodge her. Before I could react or help him, she raised her dagger high. 
In what seemed like slow motion, I watched her bring it down with terrible force, its lethal point slicing through Zach’s chest. I stared, frozen in horror. She’d killed my brother! Zach’s eyes widened and fluttered, his mouth making a surprised “oh” without any sound leaving his lips. His gaze flicked to me just before his eyes closed and his breathing stopped.
I felt sick. Truly sick. The drow released her iron grip and stood, gloating, the stained knife in her fist, still dripping my brother’s precious blood. The last thing I saw before her knife sliced through my neck—which was pretty dang painful, considering it was a very sharp knife—was the beautiful, dark elf smiling as she yanked the thick, gold chain from Zach’s neck, pocketing his ruby pendant.



Bright light forced its way between my heavy eyelids. Bothered by it, I brushed at the irritant. At the same time, a gentle peace encompassed my whole body as I floated weightless in front of a tall, black obelisk. Its dark granite glistened with power. 
Before me stood a woman surrounded by brilliant light, her hands outstretched. Long, golden hair flowed over her shoulders and down her tapered arms. Slowly, she reached forward and gently touched my forehead. A blinding light flashed. Energy surged through my body, and then I plopped to the hard ground with a yelp.
I had resurrected! 
My body tingled after being reunited with my spirit, and I scratched my arms and legs frantically until the feeling disappeared. Then the memories came slamming back! The battle. The drow who’d killed me! Dying. My hands frantically searched out the wound where the drow’s knife had slit my throat. It was gone…
Looking up, I noticed Zach standing to the side, waiting for me. A rush of relief, and yes, love, washed over me. My brother was alive! I flew into his arms, hugging him for the millionth time since we’d been here, and each time it seemed more profound than the last.
When I pulled away, I searched his eyes, so glad we were both alive. He stood there, clearly still in shock, his hands over his bare chest, where his pendant should be. He fell to his knees before me. “Will we be able to do our quest or go home without it?” he breathed in a terrified voice.
I didn’t know what to tell him, because I didn’t have the answer. The battle had not yet ended, but it would soon, and we needed to get that medallion back, so I grabbed his hand and pulled him toward the battlefield, where we raced to find the maverick who had killed us, desperation spurring us on. 
I spied her across the valley, expertly wielding her swords with samurai precision. She was amazing, but fury burned beneath my admiration. How dare she steal from us! Granted, it was technically Zach’s pendant, but it felt partly like mine too. I wanted it back as much as he did. 
Knowing there was no time to waste, we headed straight for her, our legs pounding the hard earth. We ignored all other enemies in our path. Twenty feet from the girl, she glanced up, a sheen of battle-lust glistening on her face. She smiled wickedly, and just as Zach reached for her, everything began to shimmer, slowing to a standstill, then disappearing altogether. Suddenly, we were back in front of the iron battlegrounds’ gates.
The battle had ended.
In surprise, I turned full circle, searching our surroundings. 
Zach roared in frustration, almost in tears. People turned to stare, but he didn’t seem to care. “How will we find her now? She’s part of the Legion,” he cried. “We’ll be stuck here forever! Which might not be bad, but what about Mom and Dad?” 
Tears swam in his eyes as we locked gazes, and my heart wrenched with dread. Zach began banging his head against the wall in hopelessness, and I patted his shoulder, not sure what else to do. I didn’t even notice the boy who walked up behind us.
“Having a bad day?” his young voice questioned.
With his face red with embarrassment, Zach turned, wiping tears from his eyes. “Uh, yeah. You could say that.” He faced the small, thin boy who wore leather armor, a bow and quiver slung over his shoulders. 
“Can I help?” the boy asked, reaching out to comfort Zach with a pat on the arm.
“Uh, no. Well, yeah, but I think you’re a little too young,” I said. The boy couldn’t be more than ten at the most. Light hair flopped over his forehead, blue eyes twinkling between the strands. 
“You think so?” He socked me playfully on the arm.
I chuckled uncomfortably, wondering if I should tell the kid to get lost, like I would have back home. “Yeah, I guess. What’s your name?”
“I’m Kirth, a pixie tracker.” He bowed dramatically at the waist, his smile never leaving his face as he looked from Zach, then back to me.
“A pixie?” I couldn’t help but laugh. Had my brother ever made one of those on his game? They seemed girly and small—right up my alley, but not Zach’s. He liked toons that were tough or strong like humans, elves, or halflings. I’d figured that out since we got here. I was sure he was trying to make up for something.
“Yes, a pixie.” Kirth made a silly face, then cocked his foot and spun in a circle.
I felt an instant liking for the tiny tracker who seemed so friendly. “I thought pixies were teeny like fairies,” I teased, warming to the boy.
“I’m small—all pixies are—but I’m big enough to kick your butt!” Kirth shadowboxed in front of us with a playful chuckle.
“Don’t get me wrong.” Zach held up his hands, laughing. “I’m just… surprised. That’s all.” 
At that moment, a giant, three-foot-tall spider moved up by Kirth. One of its spindly legs shifted forward, and yes… I started screaming. You’d be so proud. I got every single battler in the entire area to look at me. But in my defense, I really hated spiders. 
Zach shivered visibly, and asked, “Is that your… war-pet?”
Kirth smiled with pride, blowing his blond bangs out of his eyes. “Yep. This is Trilly.” He patted the spider’s head with affection. Its twelve eyes reflected the sconce’s firelight, and sharp, yellow fangs dripped with venom that pooled at the spider’s feet. Kirth seemed oblivious to the mess it was making. “He’s a great killer.” 
“Uh… nice.” I climbed down from the rafters and stood behind Zach, who seemed enthralled with the little tracker’s pet. 
“You know, Kirth, there is something we need help with,” I said. “During the last battle at Desert Delta, a drow stole my brother’s medallion, and we need to get it back.”
Kirth gave a loud snort. “Good luck with that. Just buy another.”
I wished it were that easy. “We can’t. It’s special and has magical powers.”
“They all have magical powers,” Kirth said with a shrug. “What’s the point of buying jewelry if you aren’t going to put charms on it?”
Obviously a very stupid question, but Zach looked like he wanted to cry… again, so I thought I should explain. “Well, we need that one, so we’re looking for some high levels… uh, I mean, some experienced people to help us get it back. What level of fighting are you trained for?” I felt very smart asking such informed questions, considering I did not play the game, or know the rules.
Kirth looked at us with a knowing smile. “I fight in Hartha, Balua, and Daalo. What does that tell you?”
“Oh, my gosh!” Zach screeched. “We’ve been talking to a master. A level one hundred!” he said to me. Then, turning back to Kirth, he said, “You’re the highest you can go! You must be incredible.” Zach whirled in a circle, smacking his forehead with the palm of his hand. “No way!”
“Well, I am pretty good, but I could use better armor, which is why I’m here at the battlegrounds—to earn it.” Kirth patted his worn armor, fingering a small hole at the waist.
I stood there feeling stupid, because I barely knew what they were talking about. I had never heard of any of the places Kirth mentioned, and I didn’t know what it meant to be a level one hundred, other than the fact that Zach had told me we were level ones, which meant we were pathetic.
Zach placed his hand on Kirth’s slender shoulder. “I would love to have you along on our quest. Not only do we have to get my pendant back, but we have to retrieve the Eye of Tanúb too.”
Kirth studied us, his eyes narrowing with caution. “That’s quite a quest for people so young. Although, maybe you two are older than you look, like me.”
“No,” I said, straightening. “I’m only fifteen, but I am a trained priestess, and he’s a trained maverick even though he’s only fourteen,” I said, gesturing to Zach. “We just died for the first time.” 







Kalika, a drow maverick in the Legion army, reclined in the privacy of her treetop room, spinning the glowing ruby pendant around her finger. She brought it close, inhaling its tangy, metal scent.
The pendant sparkled beautifully as it hung around her neck, and at first, she’d been thrilled to have the new bauble. But now, guilt weighed heavily, and she didn’t understand why. It was perfectly legal to take loot from a victim. 
Closing her eyes, she banished those irritating thoughts. Instead, she relished in the fresh forest scents surrounding her loft. It felt good to be home.
But much had changed. 
The Warlord, whom she served, hungered for Guild land. He wasn’t satisfied with what the Legion already had. He wanted more—like a starving, greedy animal. Over time, she’d begun to doubt the Warlord’s motives and felt that evil was his driving force. She knew her thoughts were treasonous—which was why she never voiced her opinion—but part of her wished… she didn’t know what she wished.
At the sound of a knock on her door, Kalika hopped off her sleeping mat. She knew who waited there—an aging, dark elf with a plate of wonderful fruits and breads. “Come in, Mama,” Kalika said, drawing her mother inside.
The woman entered and stroked Kalika’s long, ebony hair. “How I have missed your lovely face, Daughter. Leave the battles, marry, and fill this home with children.”
Kalika sighed, taking the plate from her mother. “You know I can’t do that. I don’t want to do that.” Kalika turned to the small window and gazed out over the lush forest, as she tasted the tart sweetness of a ripe, red berry.
“Do you know what your name means, my daughter?” her mother asked, the lines around her eyes crinkling with age. 
“Yes, I know, Mama.”
“Your father named you. I’ve always feared what your name would bring.”
“I know, Mama.”
“I’m tired of hearing ‘the dark one’ did this for the Legion, or ‘the dark one’ did that. I don’t want to hear of dangerous missions and terrible assassinations.” Her mother moved to stand behind her, stroking the silky lengths of her hair.
“This is where we live, Mama.” Kalika turned to her mother with pained eyes. “The Warlord rules this land. I have no choice but to obey. We are the dark elves. This is what we do. I do it for you… so you can live in peace.”
“I would rather have grandchildren underfoot,” her mother said with a sad smile.
“I know, Mama. Maybe someday.”



Back at the inn, I sat at a table, rolling bandages with Flitwicket. She was teaching me how to make my own, because in most circumstances they worked better and faster than a wand. 
Zach walked up to us with our new friend in tow. “Flitwicket, this is Kirth,” he said, introducing her to the pixie at his side.
Flitwicket stood and bowed reverently. “I am honored, brave one. I have heard of your valiant deeds for the Guild.”
Kirth nodded his head in return. “And I yours, Flitwicket, dryad priestess.”
“You’re making bandages?” Zach asked, poking his finger onto the clean white cloth. I slapped his hand away and nodded.
“A noble endeavor,” Kirth said, inclining his head toward me. “And how are you this fine afternoon, Lauren of Light?”
I giggled at the fact that he used my title. I think it irked Zach just a little, since he didn’t have one, which I relished for a moment—having something he didn’t—but since I was trying to be nicer, I didn’t say anything to him about it. “I’m good, thank you.” 
“Yeah. Noble,” Zach agreed. “So… now we have four people for our quest!” 
The moment of truth had arrived. It was time to start our quest for the Eye of Tanúb, because we couldn’t go home until we got it for the magistrar. There was a minute of uncomfortable silence as we all waited for someone else to speak. 
“So… I was hoping to get Dardanos to help, but he’s being difficult.” Zach said cheerfully, trying to lighten the somber mood. 
“Dardanos?” Kirth tapped his mouth in thought. “I know a Dardanos—a warrior.”
“Yeah! That’s him!” Zach exclaimed.
“Yeah, he’s a real winner,” I mumbled under my breath. Sure, he was super good-looking, and had a rockin’ hot body, but he was prideful, rude, and… well, a snob, if you asked me.
“Hmm. We could use his brawn,” Kirth said. “I’ll speak with him while you three get our supplies ready. Let’s meet here at the end of the day to discuss our plans. We can leave in the morning.” Kirth turned and waved goodbye, his oversized, drooling spider trotting behind him.
“Well, that thing is disgusting,” I said, referring to Kirth’s battle companion, and trying not to frown at his taste in pets. 
“It’s just a spider,” Zach said.
I rolled my eyes in irritation. “I know that. It’s just a little unusual to see one of that size, don’t you think?”



That evening, all five of us sat around a table in the dining room in silence, staring at one another. No one spoke, and I worried that no one would. I didn’t want to, and hoped Kirth would take charge as he had earlier. I had a feeling he would become our quest leader, since he was so experienced and all.
Dardanos sat rigid, his hand on the hilt of his broadsword. Anger radiated from his body in waves, dampening the once jovial ambiance. He was definitely a wet blanket. “I don’t think we should go marching into enemy territory for a trinket,” he said finally. “It’s too dangerous and unnecessary.”
I couldn’t believe Kirth had talked him into joining us. He must have bribed him with something huge, like a new magic sword to kill people with. I sat there watching Dardanos from the corner of my eye, not wanting him to notice, and even though he was a total jerk, he was so nice to look at, from his full lips to the shallow scar to the side of his right eye. His nose was perfectly straight, and his hair hung in soft waves, resting on his shoulders. I’d looked away if I got even an inkling he’d glance my direction.
Kirth leaned forward, his words intense. “I’ve spoken with the magistrar; the pendant is vital to this quest. This boy must have it back, and we must get it before we search for the Eye of Tanúb.”
I shifted uncomfortably in my chair. This was all mine and Zach’s fault. All because we’d wanted to play in the battlegrounds, exploring our new talents, and Dardanos used every opportunity to point that out. I felt like he hated me, looking down at me from the lofty heights where he dwelled. What a snob.
“I’m sorry, everyone,” Zach said humbly, embarrassed. “I really screwed up.”
“Don’t be sorry, Zach. Fate has brought us together,” Kirth said with a reassuring smile. “This mission is important for each of us. We don’t do it just for you. We all have reasons to be here, and we will be rewarded for our success.” 
Dardanos continued to glare in silence.  
“We’re ready, and the supplies are packed,” Flitwicket said. “We can leave whenever you suggest.” 
“Good. We’ll begin at first light.” Kirth smacked his small hand down on the table, making everyone but Dardanos jump in surprise. “See you all in the morning.”
We went our separate ways, Zach and I heading up to our room on the second floor of the inn. Zach unlocked the door as I waited, shaking my head. “Is there some reason why we have to share a room?” I asked, eying the twin beds.
He stopped with his hand on the door’s handle. “To save money. Duh. We don’t know how long we’ll be here, and who knows if we’ll have any more gold mysteriously appear in our pockets?”
“Whatever. I’m too tired to argue.” I pushed the door open and fell face-first onto the closest bed. “I can’t believe how tired I am.”
“You better get to sleep then.” Zach fluffed his pillow and climbed under his blankets. “I have a feeling we’ll be jogging quite a ways tomorrow.” 
“The jogging is doing you good,” I mumbled without thinking. “You look so much better.”
He snorted at my comment. “I just love it here, you know?” he said into the darkness. “Being a maverick is changing me, changing my life, and I’m not sure I want it to end. Why not stay where we feel strong and confident? Why not begin a new life here? This is the most exciting thing to ever happen to me.”
“Mmm hmm,” I moaned, barely listening. I was too dead to care about what he said, or to make a decision either way. At the moment, I just didn’t care. My eyes were heavy, and I just wanted him to be quiet, so I could go to sleep.
“Lauren?” 
I completely ignored him.
“I don’t see the Big Dipper out the window. Not even Orion’s belt. I think we’re in a completely different galaxy.”
He was probably right.



A brisk breeze blew that first morning out, and I felt the chill slither through my new cloth “armor” with icy fingers. My fingers were so stiff and frozen, I could hardly lace up my new boots. 
“Thanks for the new clothes, Flit. Too bad I can’t wear chain mail,” I said through chattering teeth as I adjusted the silky belt around my waist, happy to be wearing something made of high quality… finally. I couldn’t believe Flitwicket had given these clothes to me. They must have cost a fortune.
She smiled. “It’s no problem. You know, only priestesses and sorcerers wear cloth armor. The others can wear leather and chain mail. I don’t know how that came to be, but it is.”
Zach had explained it to me, that it was because of a rule of the game, but I didn’t say anything about that. None of these people knew they were fictitious characters in a computer game. 
I glanced at Zach as he fidgeted with his new leather armor with a satisfied smile. It gleamed brilliantly, brand new, and had been recently oiled by Kirth, who’d bought them for Zach. Those two had become close in the last couple of days, and I was glad Zach had someone to hang out with besides me.
Pulling a tiny mirror out of my pack, I smoothed my long hair, and then decided to pull it back in a braid. I’d always taken pride in my platinum-blonde hair that glowed like sunshine, but ever since I’d been here, it had only been in the way. No wonder Flitwicket always had hers in beautiful designs that kept it out of her face.
Gazing into the mirror, I was surprised at my reflection. I’d worked hard to be beautiful, doing everything I could to have “model” looks and style, but something had changed, and I couldn’t quite put my finger on it. The rough edges and angles around my face had somehow softened; my eyes didn’t seem so… so… okay. Cold. Are you happy? I didn’t look so angry and cold anymore. It must have been something in the air here, because I had to admit, I looked better. Just like Zach did. Maybe it was the training. Maybe becoming a priestess had softened my soul. I laughed at the thought.
“Everyone ready?” Kirth asked, patting his spider gently.
We all nodded. 
“We’re off, then.” He led the way with Zach following, me next, and Flitwicket and Dardanos coming in last. 
Dardanos hadn’t said two words to anyone. His lips tightened as he looked ahead, his back ramrod straight, but I was glad he had come. We would need his muscle in the coming days… and his sword.
I didn’t know what it was, but I kept sneaking peeks at the well-muscled warrior behind me. It was like I was drawn to him. Maybe even fascinated. Never had a guy ignored me so thoroughly, and I’d learned he wasn’t as old as I’d thought. Maybe by only a couple of years older. Kirth had said something about it, something about Dardanos joining the army young, and that he was only nineteen years old or so.
“Hey, Zach,” I called as we jogged. “Do you know where we’re going?”
Zach slowed, so I could catch up. “Yeah, we’re heading to an area called Palanthar. It’s Legion land. We have to go through it to get to Ellithanar, the dark elf territory.
“How long will it take?” I asked, already wanting to stop. I’d eaten some magic food, but it had worn off, and what I had left had to last for three days. I didn’t want to go through it all on the first morning. No one else seemed to need more yet.
“Who knows? On the computer, about fifteen or twenty minutes. In real time… a few days maybe.” 



Zach and I reclined against our packs and peered at the starlit sky, exhausted. We’d finally stopped for the night and laid our blankets under a lone tree. Shifting, I punched my pack to make it more comfortable.
Kirth plopped down next to us and peered intently into Zach’s eyes. “Zach, I want to ask you a few questions.” 
“Sure. Go ahead. You want Lauren to leave?”
I snorted and gave Zach my best scowl, because I was comfortable and didn’t want to get up. I was probably too tired to even move. Luckily, Kirth said I could stay, so I closed my eyes and pretended to ignore them.
Taking a deep breath, Kirth began. “You say you appeared in this world magically?”
I hadn’t expected this line of questioning, so I rolled over and waited to see what Zach would say. He smiled at the memory. “Yeah. It was totally cool, but weird. We floated in a cloud and fell through the sky.” 
“Was there a catalyst?” Kirth asked, leaning forward.
“A catalyst?” Zach never was very good at vocabulary. I tried to hold in a chuckle.
“Something that triggered your journey,” Kirth explained patiently.
“Well,” he hesitated, glancing at me, “Lauren and I were fighting over my ruby pendant, and then we disappeared from our home.” 
I wondered if Kirth would believe him. It was an impossible tale, even if it was the truth. Even I had a hard time believing it, and I’d experienced it myself.
Kirth placed his hand on Zach’s arm, peering at him. “What does the pendant look like?”
Zach bit his lip and thought. “Well, it has a thick, gold chain that hangs down to about here.” He pointed to the middle of his chest. “And the medallion is about this big—he made a circle with his fingers—with a huge ruby at the center. It feels hot sometimes, and looks ancient, but not. It’s hard to explain.”
“Vintage,” I said, piping up. “It looks vintage or antique.”
Kirth closed his eyes and bowed his head, silent for a moment. “I know the pendant you’re describing.” 
“You do?” Zach and I said at the same time.
Kirth nodded and sat back. “If I’m correct, it was my grandfather’s.”
Zach perked up at this new information. “Are you serious?”
Kirth nodded again and met Zach’s eyes. “Yes. He used it a long time ago to bring another here from your world.”
“He did? How long ago?” I asked, excited. 
“It’s been three hundred years, and he’s still here,” Kirth answered, scowling.
I frowned. “Still here? Alive?” Did that mean Zach and I would be stuck here forever too? The magistrar said we’d be sent home after acquiring the Eye of Tanúb. But what if she didn’t really know? 
Kirth leaned against a rock in contemplation and continued his story. “This man, when he came, was adopted into a royal family, loved and adored. They accepted him as their own. He was made a prince.” 
“Wow,” Zach said, getting into the story. He was always one for a tall tale. I listened, but a bit more skeptically. I still wondered if this was all a dream, and I was lying safely in a hospital bed, stuck in a coma. I was sure I’d wake up soon. 
Kirth hesitated, silent for a moment. “I didn’t used to talk about this much, because I didn’t want people to know. I wanted to be known for my own merits, and not my family’s.”
“We won’t tell anyone,” Zach said fervently. Meaning every word. He glanced at me to make sure I would keep the promise too.
“Of course,” I said. “We won’t tell anyone.”
“It doesn’t matter that much anymore, but I know about it… because… it was my family who took the man in.”
I remained still, waiting, and then it hit me. “Wait a minute. You… you’re royalty?”
Kirth smiled and nodded. He sat up and crossed his legs. “Yep.”
“Wow! That is so cool. So, you’re a prince?” Zach said. “I can’t believe we’ve been hanging out with a real live prince. So, what’s the other guy’s name?” 
“David. I was very young when he became my older brother. He shared many secrets with me, filling my mind with wonderful stories about the distant world he came from. My grandfather trained him in the ancient arts of magic and wisdom.”
Zach sighed and took a deep breath. “I would love to do that.”
Kirth nodded in understanding. “Yes, but David rebelled, unhappy that our other older brother was given the mantle of leadership. He raged at what he perceived as unfairness. David and his followers battled against my brother, Garith, killing him. David left after that, and I haven’t seen him in a very long time.” Kirth sighed and gazed out over a herd of bovisaurs munching the rain-dampened grass nearby. 
My mind reeled. I thought about David and how he had killed Kirth’s brother. That must have been terrible, and such a betrayal. Where was David now? 



Kalika sat up with a scream lodged in her throat. Darkness evaporated as a full moon penciled in the faint lines of her loft’s walls. She wiped a sheen of sweat from her brow, regaining control of her breathing. 
She’d had the same nightmare for as long as she could remember, but as a child, her mother was always there to comfort her. As a soldier in the Legion army, there was no one to do that. Kalika lay back down, her arm thrown over her forehead, the nightmare still clear. 
After taking a deep breath, she peered out her window, trying to judge the moon’s position. This always soothed her and calmed her racing heart. There were still a few hours of night left, but she’d never be able to sleep now. She got up, strapped on her leather armor, and tiptoed down the long, narrow ramp to the ground.
All was quiet, the village slumbered, and the forest beckoned. She wanted to run, hard and fast, her pent-up frustration and energy needing release. Her footfalls padded over the soft, green moss, making no sound. She’d learned as a child to move silently through the forest, even at top speed.
The wind whipped her face, and the moon lit her way. After an hour at breakneck speed, she came to a rushing lavender river. It ran the whole length of the continent like a snake conquering the land. It passed through Guild land as well as Legion and had been a causeway for good and evil for as long as she could remember. 
Kalika bent forward, cupped her hand, and drew the liquid into her mouth. No water was more refreshing or more healing than the Crystal River’s. 
Kalika heard a rustle behind her. She didn’t move or act like she’d even noticed the disturbance, but stood quietly, appearing to leave. All at once, she sprang for the intruder, pinning him to the damp earth, a knife pressed to his throat.
“Kalika, it’s me!” the frightened voice barked.
“Urd?” She pulled back, studying the luminescent face. “What are you doing here?” 
“I wanted to see you.” His bare head glowed white in the moonlight, his skin translucent.
Kalika’s eyes narrowed. “You shouldn’t be here.” 
“I know, but my village isn’t that far away. It was an easy swim across the river.” He ran a hand over his bald head and dropped his gaze, nervous, but determined.
“It doesn’t matter,” Kalika said, re-sheathing her knife. “If your leaders found out…” 
Urd offered a cocky smile. “Something big is happening. I heard it in a council.” His large pearly teeth glowed, taking up most of his mouth.
He was being boastful, but she was used to his quirky personality. “Since when were you included in on a council?” 
“Since never. I listened in. I took an invisibility elixir. I’m learning potions, you know. I’m going to be a sorcerer!”
Kalika patted Urd’s shoulder. “My, my, but aren’t you growing up—right before my eyes.” She remembered the first time she’d met Urd. He’d been a child of five years and had fallen into the river. Being young herself, she’d struggled to rescue him, but had managed to pull the ogre child from the dangerous waters. From that time on, he’d been her shadow. 
“I came because I don’t want to live in my village anymore. I don’t know how I would have survived this long if it weren’t for you, Kalika. You’re my best friend.” He watched her with adoration, his young face aglow with something she refused to acknowledge.
“Oh, come now. You have friends.”
He turned away to stare out over the river. “Not like you.” The sun was beginning to peak over the mountains, and the sky turned a rosy pink.
Kalika placed a kind hand on his shoulder. “Urd, you’re only thirteen. Things will be better when you’re older.” 
He scooted in closer, his pale, white skin reflecting the rising sun’s glow. “You’re only six years older. That’s not much.”
Kalika pulled back. “My friend, go home. It’s not safe for you here, and I have things to do.”
Urd threw his arms around her. Even though she was older, he stood a head taller. He clung to Kalika until she managed to pull away.
“You must not entertain thoughts of our being together. We’re of different races. It would not be allowed even if we wanted it.” Which she didn’t. 
“We could run away. No one would know!”
“And where would we go? To Guild land? No. It can’t happen, and I don’t have time for romance, especially the forbidden kind. Someday we’ll meet on the battlefield and fight together. That’s something to look forward to, right?” She smiled and squeezed Urd’s arms in farewell. Then without a backward glance, she raced into the forest, leaving Urd alone to stare after her.



The night passed uneventfully, and the morning dawned cold. I hadn’t slept well, and felt ornery about the damp blanket I’d had to cuddle with. I glanced at Zach, who seemed perfectly happy and content, as he stuffed his dry blanket into his pack. I gave him a nice long scowl, just for old time’s sake.
It was an important day, and Zach had obviously forgotten about it. What a surprise.
“No fire, friends,” Kirth announced in a cheerful voice. “Eat as you run.” 
I threw my blanket on the ground in fury. I hadn’t meant to get that mad, and maybe I was just being hormonal, but I could tell already it was going to be a bad day, and lashing out at the pixie who’d said exactly the wrong thing was the easiest route to take. I needed time to deal with my feelings, to wake up, to feel better, and to eat. I needed coffee… not that I was a coffee drinker, but it would have helped on this morning.
Kirth smiled at me, and didn’t seem at all irked by my bad attitude. He continued to pack his things. 
Zach glared, trying to get me to look at him, but I wouldn’t. He knew my temper well, and he was already wearing that mortified look he got when he thought I’d gone too far and embarrassed him. Like I said, I used to be a snob. Old habits die hard. 
“Lauren!” he whispered furiously as he hurried over to me. “Are you trying to ruin everything? Do you want them to think you’re a spoiled brat? Didn’t you learn anything from the priestess trainer?”
“You know what, Zach?” I growled quietly. “I don’t care what these people—who aren’t real—think. This place is pretend! I should be home today, shopping with Mom! I should be celebrating with my friends!” I kept my voice low, but my eyes flashed lightning, and I wanted Zach to get a clear signal.
“What are you talking about?” 
“Never mind,” I spat, shoving my blanket into my new pack. 
“Fine,” he said, his voice grating and sarcastic. “Sulk like a baby. Ruin this for me. Make everyone think you’re a brat.” 
We began our run early, stopping only to use the privacy of a tree when one appeared, and let me tell you how fun that was. The one time I had to squat behind a tree was when there were no trees to be found. Dardanos did offer to walk with me to the middle of nowhere to do my thing, but I flatly refused, preferring to feel miserable for the next hour. I would have gone with Flitwicket, but she never seemed to need a tree. Ever. It was like all the fluid in her body magically disappeared on its own. I would have loved to train for that talent.
Lunchtime came and went, and still we didn’t stop. Only the landscape changed, going from barren, cold deserts to rugged, rocky forests. We neared a jagged mountain range, and ran along the base of its towering slope for what seemed like hours. Finally, I turned to Flitwicket who ran just behind me. “When do we go over these mountains?”
“We don’t,” she answered with a radiant smile. “We go through them. There’s a tunnel up ahead, but it’s dangerous. Chupacabras live there. Nasty little creatures.”
“Chupacabras? Never heard of ‘em.” 
Zach leaned over, and even though he was still mad at me, whispered, “I don’t remember this cave or the chupacabras from the game, and the longer we’re here, the more differences I’m noticing between the game and reality. Not everything is exactly the same, so I won’t always know what to expect.”
“Great,” I mumbled. “Nice to know.”
“Chupacabras are about the size of a small bear, with no hair, dark skin, and spines down their back. They have sharp teeth and kill to suck the blood of their victims,” Flitwicket explained like it was no big deal.
I grimaced, and a shiver prickled down my spine. “Perfect. Vampires.”
Flitwicket laughed, her teeth glowing white in the twilight. “No, they aren’t vampires. They’re animals, but deadly. We’ll have to pass through their den to enter the tunnel that runs through the mountain.”
“Isn’t there another way?” I asked. “I mean, won’t there be too many Chupa-whatevers? I don’t want to be attacked by any more strange animals. I’ve had my fill.”
“Possibly. But many people pass this way. It keeps the Chupacabras thinned down.”
Kirth stopped, holding his hand up in a fist. Eerie silence echoed off the hills. “The cave is ahead. I see no movement, but that doesn’t mean anything. The Chupacabras are nocturnal. If we’re lucky, they’ll be asleep. Ready your weapons.”
I tried not to panic. Flitwicket had her wand, Kirth his bow, Dardanos his swords, and Zach had his two short blades. I had my dagger and a wand. How much protection did a dang paring knife give you? So, I leaned in close to Flitwicket and whispered, “Do I have any magic to fight with?”
She answered just as softly. “You have your shield. Be sure to touch your forehead with your right index finger and think, “Shield,” as soon as we get close. You were trained for inner focus and intellect too. You’ll know what to do when the time is right.”
“Don’t worry, Lauren,” Zach said, trying to reassure me. “Everything will be all right.”
The dark opening grew, like gaping jaws, as we made our way to the cave entrance. We only had an hour of daylight left with the sun making its descent, not that it would matter inside a dark cave.
Kirth commanded his spider, Trilly, to scout ahead, its spiny legs wiggling as it ran forward. He notched his bow, and we crept forward. The cave mouth loomed. We saw no animals, but I sensed something lurking in the shadows, like a phantom wraith, zooming in for the kill.
The farther we penetrated into the dank cave, the dimmer the light became. Dardanos and Kirth pulled two cylindrical objects from their packs, cone-shaped and hollow. Dardanos flicked a small knife along the edge, creating a spark. Instantly, the cones glowed like flaming torches.
“Wow!” Zach whispered, clearly awed.
Kirth smiled, indulgent. “These are bolii. They’re a gift from a sorcerer.”
“That is so cool!”  
Forgetting how much the warrior didn’t like me, I leaned toward Dardanos. “I can carry that for you if you want,” I said to him, pointing to the torch. “Then you can carry both your swords.” Honestly, I wasn’t trying to be noble or anything. I just wanted him able to protect me… with both hands.
“Thank you,” Dardanos said, handing me the bolii, his eyes softened as he glanced at me. As I took the torch, our fingers touched… accidentally. I can’t really describe what happened next, because even for me, it felt like a dream… or a phantasy. Time slowed, and suddenly it was just Dardanos and me in that dark cave. I gazed into his eyes, confused, because the feeling that shot through my hand, up my arm, and into my chest, was unlike anything I’d ever felt before. That amazing energy wrapped its velvety fingers around my heart, and then stayed there, like the warm hum of life beginning, yet it also raged like a roaring fire, the force so strong that I couldn’t hear anything else. At the same time, it quietly hugged me like the softest fur blanket. All these feelings filled me at once, and I could see—like a perfect reflection in Dardanos’ eyes—that he felt the very same thing.
And then he yanked his hand away with an astonished expression.
“What was that?” I stammered, the spell broken.
“Nothing,” Dardanos said, stumbling over his next words. “There are… are… more important things to concentrate on.”
“I don’t think so,” I whispered after he’d turned away.
Zach stared at me in stunned silence. I could tell he’d witnessed what happened, and if he knew me at all, he could read my expression, which I wasn’t hiding well. Not wanting to dwell on it, I pushed the experience to the back of my mind, which was harder than it sounded.
We walked on, the dark walls of the cave narrowing until we had to walk single file, staying close together, advancing as one.
“We have company,” Dardanos announced. He was last in line.
“How many?” Kirth asked.
“A few. They follow in the darkness, just out of sight. Probably five or six.” 
After a few paces, Zach flew forward as Dardanos shoved him and spun around, and he accidentally smacked me with the hilt of his sword. I fell into Flitwicket, and the two of us landed in a heap. 
The little monsters came into view, their sharp, jagged teeth glowing in the bolii’s radiance. They growled, pacing. Dardanos stood, his feet spread, his hands gripping the hilt of his long broadsword. I held the bolii high so all could see. A large chupacabra slunk forward, sniffing the air from side to side. Sharp claws extended from its feet and clacked on the stone floor as it moved. Another hissed from behind. 
In one quick movement, the lead chupacabra crouched, then propelled itself up and over Dardanos’s sword, sinking its claws deep into his shoulder. I reacted without thinking, my heart already racing, my pulse pounding in my ears.
I quickly jammed the tip of the bolii into the creature’s face, making it howl and let go. It slid with a screech down Dardanos’s armor, and landed on the ground where he hacked it in two with his sword. 
The other chupacabras followed, launching themselves at the warrior, only to be skewered and left on the ground. They didn’t fear his blades, but lapped each other’s blood as it spilled. 
“Run!” Dardanos yelled. 
We didn’t have to be told twice. The light from the torches flickered as our feet pounded the packed earth in the narrow tunnel. The deeper we penetrated into the gloomy cave, the worse the air began to smell, filling the passageway with the odor of rotting fruit and bloated, dead bodies. I gagged continuously as I ran, which made Zach heave too. He’d always been a sympathetic puker. Did the smell come from the chupacabras or from what they’d last eaten?
Dardanos soon caught up to us. “They’re feeding on each other, but will soon be in pursuit. We need to move faster!”  
I didn’t need the running commentary. All my dark dreams came flooding back as we hurried through the cold corridor. I waited to be pounced on by the blood-sucking monsters. Never had I felt such terror, such helplessness. I imagined dying here in the dark, screaming into the cold cavern while chupacabras gnawed on my bones. My parents would never know what happened.
A dim light glowed up ahead. “We’ve made it to the Cavern of Cadavers!” Kirth called. 
This sounded worse than the chupacabras. The only thing more terrifying than live, vicious animals would be dead, decaying corpses clawing their way toward me. The cavern we entered had high, vast ceilings, with fresh air pouring in from somewhere above. The walls glittered and swirled with rainbow iridescence. 
I stopped, mesmerized by the cavern’s amazingness. Dardanos ran smack into me, since I had stopped abruptly. “It’s wonderful,” I breathed, Dardanos’s hands on my arms to steady us. I hadn’t even realized they were there until the heat of his touch seared through my robes and into my skin. “And it smells like flowers,” I said, totally distracted by his touch. 
My mouth hung open in astonishment. Every experience I had in this world was more incredible than the last. It was impossible to process.
Zach glared at us, and I could tell he wanted to yank the warrior’s hands away from me. I had no idea what his problem was, but I didn’t care. Dardanos was touching me. No, holding me. And then suddenly, he wasn’t. I’d been released, and I felt an unexpected chill where his hands had rested on my arms. 
Dardanos walked over to the far wall and dropped his pack, sitting down next to Kirth’s creepy black spider. “The Chupacabras never enter this room.” 
“Why not?” Zach asked, hurrying over to sit by him, taking the only space available. I knew what he was doing. He wanted to keep Dardanos and me apart. But why? What did he care? 
“Because of the shifting light,” Kirth answered. “They don’t like it, so we’ll camp here for the night.” 
“Hallelujah,” I gasped, finding a space along the wall and sitting down on my backpack. “That was terrible.”
Dardanos looked at me, stood, and then strode over to crouch before me, his hands on his knees. “Don’t worry,” he said, his face rigid and serious. “I would never let anything happen to you.”
I stared in surprise at his gentle tone. And so did everyone else. I was, for once, speechless. Slowly, I gave him a half smile. 
He smiled back.
This was bad.



Tonight, we’ll have fire!” Kirth piled kindling he’d found in a circle. “And I have a treat!” He pulled a package wrapped in burlap from his bag, and cut it open. Out rolled a bloody, uncooked roast.
It was not what I expected, but two hours later, I gazed into the small campfire, my belly full. The roast had turned out perfectly, and now I lay quiet, just watching everyone else. Zach held his last bite of meat in his fingers, the juices dripping down his hand.
“Scoot over,” I said in disgust, pushing him away. “You’re dripping on me.” Okay, I was still being grouchy, I admit it, but in my defense it had been an exhausting day, and in some ways, extraordinarily disappointing.
“So-rry.” He moved over an inch, and then turned to study my face. 
He’d be blind not to notice something was wrong. My shoulders drooped, and my head hung as I gazed at nothing—my mouth in a frown. I couldn’t help it though. My special day had been overlooked.
“You’re quiet tonight,” he said. “What’s wrong?” He’d been watching me all evening, trying to be discreet, but I’d noticed. 
“What’s today, Zach?” I folded my arms over my chest and stared at him, my mouth tight, daring him to really have forgotten. 
“Today? Why?”
I didn’t answer.
“Well, let’s see,” he began. “We fought in my room on Saturday, and then came here. We’ve had three nights, I think. Maybe four. I lose track.”
I shook my head, turning to face the other way, so he wouldn’t see the tears that were slowly welling in my eyes. “So, what day is it?”
“I guess that would make it about… May fifteenth? Hey, May fifteenth! It’s your birthday,” he breathed in dismay, but he quickly recovered by shouting out the news to everyone. “Hey, you guys, it’s Lauren’s sixteenth birthday!” He jumped up and pointed at me with a big smile. Murmurs of surprise erupted around the room, and they all approached to give their congratulations.
“Why didn’t you say anything?” Flitwicket asked, placing an arm around my shoulders. “Happy birthday!”
“Thanks. I didn’t want to make a big deal.” 
“Liar,” Zach whispered to me, smiling. “You always want your birthday to be a big deal.”
Yeah. Especially my sixteenth. My mother had a huge surprise party planned. I’d known about it for weeks. Everyone was going to come. I was going to get my driver’s license, and be able to date. It would have been my coming-of-age party. My entrance into the world of adulthood. I was just sick about missing it. 
“We’ll have a party!” Kirth said, running to his bag. He pulled out five small pink balls and handed one to each person.
“What’s this?” Zach rolled his in the palm of his hand.
“It’s puffersweet. A treat from my home. I always carry a few.”
I placed the puffersweet gingerly on my tongue, my mouth tingling as the candy sizzled and grew like a bubble in my mouth. The flavor was tangy-sweet and tasty. I ran my tongue around the gooey, dissolving candy until it was gone. “That was wonderful, Kirth. Thank you,” I said after finishing.
“You’re welcome, and happy birthday.” 
“I have something, too.” Dardanos unfolded his immense body and stood up. He rummaged through his pack, pulling out a dagger with a six-inch glimmering steel blade. The polished bone handle seemed alive with carvings of trees and forest animals. I’d never seen anything so exquisite. 
“I made this,” he said. “I want you to have it.” Dardanos held it out to me with two hands, reverently, as though is was a sacred object.
“I… can’t take this, it’s too beautiful,” I whispered in awe.
“Yeah, she shouldn’t take it,” Zach added in agreement, and probably jealousy. I shot him a glare, but didn’t say anything.
“Yes, take it,” Dardanos encouraged. “I can make more. It’s what I do. I make knives, swords, and other weapons. I made this to be a gift anyway. Why not for you?” He gazed at me until I looked up, the heat of his stare burning away the last of my regret and sadness.
“Who was it for?” Zach asked, trying to interrupt our moment. He moved in closer to get a better look, shoving me to the side.
“Merithanar, the elven king, but I want you to have it,” he said to me. “You need it.” He smiled shyly, and lowered his eyes when our hands touched. “It’s enchanted.”
I took the knife, knowing I was blushing profusely, but not caring. “Thank you, Dardanos. I’ll treasure it.”
“Just use it to keep safe,” he said, squeezing my pinky finger.
Flitwicket stepped forward. “My turn. I just bought this, and haven’t had a chance to use it yet, so it’s brand-new.” She handed me a beautifully carved snowy-white wand. Ivy markings swirled around the seven-inch shaft, and intricately carved flowers adorned the thick handle. 
My eyes widened, and when I said every experience I had here kept getting better and better, I wasn’t lying. “Flitwicket, it’s… it’s perfect, but too precious to give away. I shouldn’t take it. I can use your old one.” And I meant it. I felt terrible taking this work of art from her. I’d been sulky and pouty all day, and everyone was being so nice.
“No. You need a new one to put your mark on. This one is extra special, as the Emerald Elves made it. Its magic is very strong.”
I hugged the dryad hard, never more sincere in my whole life, but then, never had I received such meaningful gifts. Not only would they save my life, but they were freely given, not to win my affection, or to be accepted as a part of my group, but out of genuine fondness. They were things the givers needed themselves. These new friends of mine had sacrificed to make my birthday special. Zach was the only one who had given me nothing. He had forgotten my birthday wholly and completely. 
I watched him later that night as he sat on his bedroll, depressed and distracted. I knew he felt bad about not having a gift to give. He’d hugged me and told me he was sorry, and I had forgiven him completely, but he was still unhappy about it. I’d have to tell him that being here in Terratir was gift enough. It was turning out be a wild adventure that I knew I would treasure someday.
He didn’t suspect I was still spying on him, because he rose and tiptoed over to the tunnel we would take in the morning. He peeked down its glowing length, and then disappeared around the corner.
My heart raced at his sudden disappearance. Where was he going? Why did he leave? Why didn’t tell anyone? Within a split second, I was out from under my blanket and following him into the dark tunnel.
I tried to catch his attention. “Pst!”
He stopped at the end of the hall and turned back, his eyes wide and frightened. “Lauren?”
“Just what do you think you’re doing?” I said, tiptoeing toward him.
“I couldn’t sleep, so I thought I’d explore a bit. That’s all.”
Gritting my teeth, I placed my hands on my hips. Part of me wanted to be parental, but that was hard when we were of equal height, so I said, “Fine. But I’m going with you.”
“No. I want to be alone.”
“Too bad.” 
We stared each other down, and he was the first to give in. “Fine. Whatever.” He started walking away, so I hurried to keep up, terrified of the dark shadows, but more terrified that he’d get lost in here and cause all sorts of trouble.
After about five minutes or so, I heard a gravelly voice say, “Going for a walk?” 
Zach and I both jumped back in surprise. The voice didn’t sound dangerous, but it could be a trick, and I was suspicious of everyone in this stupid, crazy world. 
“Hello? Anyone there?” Zach called, hugging wall.
“Of course someone’s here. I just spoke, didn’t I? I asked if you were going for a walk.” 
“Did you bring your swords?” I whispered, straining to see around the bend. Then in a louder voice, I called, “Uh, we can’t see you.” 
“I’m right here.” A little man stepped into view, barely two feet tall. He had long, pointed ears that stuck out on both sides of his head, with tufts of hair growing from each tip. A smile split his face from ear to ear.
I was ready to let loose an ear-splitting scream, but Zach hurried to cover my mouth. We stared at the man in wonder. 
“Who are you?” Zach asked.
“I’m a tunneler, of course. I live in this mountain along with the rest of my people, making tunnels.”
“You make these tunnels?” I motioned to the swirling, iridescent walls that felt wet beneath my fingers.
“Of course! Who else would?”
“How do you make it so… rainbowish?” I ran my fingers along the shifting colors that spread and glowed beneath my touch. 
“Magic, of course. And we use special tools.”
“I don’t remember reading about you in the… uh.” Zach didn’t finish his sentence, but I knew what he was going to say. Something about the game again.
“Oh, you wouldn’t know about us. Unless we spoke to you. We’re invisible to most people, and only show ourselves to a special few.” The little man came closer, waddling like a duck, his fine hair floating out from his balding head.
“Why do we get to see you?” Zach asked.
“Because.” The man grasped his hands behind his back and rocked on his tiny feet. “You’re special. I can tell. You have an important mission, don’t you?” He was talking directly to Zach now, as though I weren’t even there.
Zach grinned at the little man. “As a matter of fact, I do, but I don’t think it’s important to anyone but me.”
The man nodded then peered into Zach’s eyes. He leaned forward, his hand outstretched. Zach backed up slowly until he was against the rocky wall. “Are you part of the Legion or the Guild?”
I was wondering the same thing. Was the little man dangerous? Should we run screaming for our lives? I was tempted, but there was something about this gnome that kept me there, still and quiet. Listening.
The tunneler leaned in close. 
Zach shut his eyes and turned away, and then the man placed his hand gently over Zach’s heart and chuckled. “Oh, I knew it.” 
Zach opened his eyes, his eyebrows pulled down in a confused frown. “Knew what?” 
The man giggled and walked back the way he’d come without saying another word.
“Hey, wait! Who are you? What’s your name?” I called as we hurried to follow, our fear gone.
The man kept walking and tapping the wall as he went. “I have a name. But I can’t give it out to strangers.”
“Oh. Well, I’m Zach, and this is my sister, Lauren. There. Now we’re not strangers.” 
The man stopped, turning to face us. “Hmm. Maybe you’re right.” He stuck out a pudgy hand. “I’m Giddel.”
“Hey Giddel,” Zach said, pumping our new friend’s hand. Then Giddel turned to me and did the same.
Giddel stepped back, and the warm smile stayed on his face. “You’re friends are waking now. They wonder where you are.” 
Zach’s eyes widened in suprise, making him appear much younger than he really was. “They do? How do you know?”
“That’s not important.”
“Can I ask one more question before we go?” I said.
Giddel nodded in the affirmative, his pointed ears bouncing back and forth.
“Uh, do you know if it’s very far to the other side of the mountain?” I didn’t want him to leave yet, and if I kept him talking, maybe we’d learn some useful information… like how much farther we had to walk. My feet were about to fall off with how many miles we’d already gone.
Giddel placed his hands on his hips, thinking. “Now that depends on what you think is far.”
“Uh, I don’t know.” I answered. “A mile?”
Giddel laughed, full and loud. “Then it’s far.”
“Maybe Kirth knows,” Zach offered.
Giddel tapped his mouth with a finger and nodded his head. “Kirth?” 
“Kirth is a pixie and a high-level tracker… and a prince,” Zach added.
I quickly glanced at my stupid brother for spilling Kirth’s secret. He shrugged bashfully, an apologetic look on his face.
“Ah. Well, you have a very good leader then. If I don’t see you again, it was a pleasure.” Giddel bowed, then turned and walked down the tunnel, whistling and knocking his hammer on the wall.
Zach ran after him. “Wait! That’s it? Why did you come out to meet us in the first place?”
Giddel turned, his blue eyes sparkling in the waning light. “I wanted to meet the boy who would defeat the Warlord.”
Zach stopped, frowning. “Huh? I’m not here to defeat the Warlord.”
“We shall see.” Giddel winked, then turned and walked away. 
We returned to the cave to find Dardanos, Flitwicket, and Kirth sitting up waiting for us. 
“Uh, hey guys. What’s up?” Zach said, like nothing unusual had just happened. 
“We were just talking about you,” Kirth answered.
Flitwicket cocked her head to the side and smiled. “Yes. We were amazed to first, find you gone, and second, to be talking to a tunneler.” 
“Is that unusual?” I slid under my blanket and lay down.
“So, we asked ourselves,” Kirth continued, ignoring my question, “what’s so special about this boy and his sister, that a tunneler would show himself?” Kirth reclined back and picked his fingernails.
“I don’t know. There’s nothing special about me… or Lauren.” Zach lay down beside me and pulled his blanket up to his chin.
“Hmm,” Dardanos said, punching his pack to make it softer. “Then go back to sleep. Morning will come soon enough.” 
I stared at the ceiling, mesmerized by the wild colors swirling over our heads. Why had the tunneler appeared? What did it mean? Wasn’t Zach’s job to find the Eye of Tanúb? I mused on the tunneler’s words. Zach defeat the Warlord? 
No freaking way.



With a cold heart, Kalika stared at the missive in her hands. A soldier had delivered it first thing that morning. Her mother stood near, tears streaming down her cheeks. 
 Kalika read the note one more time. We regret to inform you that your brother, Delik, drow warrior, has fallen in battle. His bravery will be remembered always.
It had been two years since Kalika had seen her brother. Now she would never see him again. She didn’t cry. Not one tear escaped her obsidian eyes, but rage grew inside her—white hot, and ripe with hate. 
She hated the Warlord. 
His greed had brought them to this. She crinkled the letter in her fist, gritting her teeth, and gazed hard into her mother’s tear-filled eyes. “I will make this right, Mama. I promise you that.”
Her mother grabbed her by the arms, “No! I will not lose another child to this war!” 
Kalika reeled at the terror on her mother’s normally peaceful face. “I’m sorry, Mama, but I have to go back. They would arrest me if I didn’t. You don’t want that, do you?”
Her mother’s shoulders drooped in resignation. “Of course not.” Her frail body shook, and her sobs became audible. 
Kalika held her mother close. “I’ll be back before you know it.”



The next morning came early, too early if you count the sleep we lost visiting with Giddel. The cave was dark as the fire had burned low, but I could see Dardanos was already up. He stood across the room, leaning against the wall, eating some sort of jerky.
With shaky legs, I scooted out of my makeshift bed and quietly walked over to him. “Morning,” I said quietly, not wanting to wake any of the others. 
“Morning.” He held out another piece of dried meat, and I took it rather than stick out my tongue and make gagging sounds. Jerky was one of my least favorite foods. 
I nibbled the tip. “Thanks.”
“Sleep good?” he asked.
“Not really.”
“Me neither,” he said, looking directly into my eyes.
“Why not?” I asked, wondering if it was the same reason I’d lain awake half the night, knowing he slept only a few feet away, knowing our lives were in danger, and that Dardanos and I didn’t have much time to get to know each other. Zach and I could disappear at any moment, just like we’d come, and then I’d never know this guy, who was starting to seem pretty dang amazing.
Dardanos looked away, actually blushing!
It took all the courage I had, with my heart racing—because a part of me was screaming to just walk away—to get as far from this boy as possible, because he didn’t like me anyway and would only break my heart. But I placed my hand over his, not saying anything. I didn’t need to.
His head jerked toward me, his eyes wide open and surprised, dark pools of distress, which surprised me. “Lauren.”
I searched those eyes, which hid secrets too heart wrenching to talk about. Something passed between us. Something that didn’t need words or explaining. I ached to put my arms around him, to comfort this big, beautiful man whom I was quickly falling for.
He reached out, cupping my face with his huge, calloused hand, his thumb glossing over my bottom lip. My eyes closed of their own accord as I relished his touch, my hand over his. He leaned in close. I opened my eyes, feeling his warm breath on my face, and just when I thought he would kiss me, we heard the rustle of someone moving on the other side of the cavern. 
Dardanos quickly pulled away.
Glancing over, I noticed both Kirth and Flitwicket getting up, but their backs were to us. They’d seen us though, I was sure, and part of me wanted to die of embarrassment, our intimate moment observed. But the other part of me didn’t care one bit. I was all for PDA’s if I was the one involved.
Dardanos pulled his armor from his bag and began to don each piece.
“Here. Let me help,” I said strapping the buckles around his arms.



I strapped my new knife to my waist, and then slipped my wand into my belt. The weapons made me feel powerful and strong, with a fierce desire to protect my friends. A new feeling for me. A way better feeling than just being popular at school, or a girl all the guys wanted to date. 
For the first time, I didn’t care about my looks or the condition of my hair, or even if I’d showered… which I hadn’t… since I’d been here. The only time I’d washed was when I was in the singing stream, and technically, that wasn’t a bath.
Body odor followed us around—like a stubborn shadow—and it didn’t even bother me. Soldiers didn’t have time for regular bathing, and neither did we. I sniffed my armpits and wrinkled my nose, shrugging. 
I tied my hair back with a leather string, gazing at my unwashed robes that radiated power and beauty. I smiled, feeling beautiful, and sauntered over to Dardanos. Leaning against the wall, I watched him as he strapped on his greaves. My heart raced at the image of him in full battle armor. He was… just sexy. There was no other word for it. I stood there, melting, a warm ache in the pit of my stomach.
“I wonder how long it will take to get through the mountain,” I said, batting my eyelashes. Not on purpose though. It was pure natural talent.
Dardanos glanced up. “A couple of days, if we don’t run into Rufios.”
“Rufios? What’s that?”
“Bandits who prowl these caves. Murderous thugs,” Zach said, interrupting my schmoozing.
“Are they monsters?” I asked, trying to get Dardanos to talk more. He seemed way too quiet this morning.
“They’re part ogre and part… something else. I don’t remember what.” Dardanos continued to strap on his armor, flexing and stretching his muscles to get the right fit.
I stared, mesmerized by the art of it all. From the shining breastplate to his bulging biceps, I never tired of watching him. “So, Dardanos. Does your name have any special meaning? I’ve noticed that most names here mean something important.”
“It means the devourer,” Zach said, interrupting again. 
“That’s right.” Dardanos stopped to glower at Zach, as though it was a total violation of his privacy that he knew so much. Zach kept forgetting we weren’t supposed to know anything about Terratir, but it was hard for him to refrain from speaking up. He seemed to like that he knew so much and I knew so little. It was one area where he could beat me. Like I even cared?
“Strange name for a baby,” I teased, refocusing on Dardanos, and playfully socking his arm.
Dardanos didn’t laugh. “My father named me. He was a great warrior. He wanted a son who was also a great warrior.”
“Well, he got that,” I said breathlessly.
Dardanos was bent over, lacing his boots. At my comment, he lifted his face, his eyes saying something words didn’t have to. He looked down, his arms flexing with each movement. “My heart warms, hearing you say that.”
I knew that look. I’d seen it many times on boys at school, but coming from Dardanos it was different. Better. Richer. Like the difference between a pendant made from rubies rather than glass. And it sent a rush of adrenaline through my veins. I blushed, closing my eyes. Slowly, I looked up, meeting his gaze, my heart racing at the intensity of feeling we shared. 
I glanced over to Zach, who stood too dang close for comfort. He wore a horrified expression, looking like he wanted to sock me. Whatever. He was too young and immature to understand. When he got older and really liked a girl, he’d get it, but until then…
“Okay, friends! Are we ready?” Kirth interrupted from the other side of the room.
We all murmured in the affirmative and headed out. After an hour, I leaned over to Zach, unconcerned with how angry he was with me. “How much farther? I feel like we’re going in circles.” 
“I’m not sure,” he said, still pouting. “On my game, you can do hundreds of quests in these mountain tunnels. I’ve never gone straight through with a character.”
I asked Dardanos instead.
“I don’t know,” he answered. “It’s my first time.” In the dark, his cheeks appeared hollow, his hulking frame fierce and dangerous.
I shivered. “Your first time? I thought you’d done this before.” 
“No, but I’ve—ahh!” Dardanos howled, falling against me and knocking me to the ground. His arms were spread wide, his back arched. I noticed a thin, wiry man standing behind Dardanos, a bloody spear in his hands, a yellow bandanna wrapped around his gaunt face showing only slitted, dark eyes. He danced on the balls of his feet, ready to strike again.
I scrambled out from under Dardanos’s mammoth body as he rolled to his back. He pulled out his sword, but was unable to stand. I stood behind him, next in line to be skewered. The narrow corridor kept the rest of our group blocked, unable to help. 
The man advanced, unafraid.
I reached for my knife, my hands shaking as I grasped the intricately carved hilt. Its blade glowed with ethereal light when I held it out, ready to defend the small band behind me.
“Let me through!” Kirth yelled, pushing from behind. Pushing me toward the attacker.
The man jabbed. 
I pulled back just in time, barely missed by the jagged point of his spear. Dardanos rose, panting with effort. The bandit jabbed at him, but Dardanos lifted his sword to parry the thrust. He groaned in agony, and then let his arm fall. 
The bandit smiled and jumped forward, thrusting at Dardanos again. But Dardanos kicked the bandit’s feet out from under him, and just as the he fell, a bolt of electricity exploded over our heads. I turned to see Flitwicket trying to aim. Dardanos sagged against the wall.
“Dardanos!” I screamed, reaching for him, but I didn’t have time to check his injury, let alone heal him. The whistle of an arrow seized my attention as it thunked harmlessly against the rock wall, then rattled to the floor. 
Kirth cursed in frustration, his foul words echoing down the stone corridor. My heart tightened with fear—for all of us, but mostly for myself, because I didn’t know how to fight, and because I was next in line to be knifed. 
The man inched forward, snarling. He lunged at me, his spear slicing a hole in the sleeve of my new silver robe. I stopped abruptly, staring at the cut. Raising my eyes, I glared at my attacker. “What the…?”
“Uh oh. Now she’s mad,” Zach said, “Lauren hates it when people ruin her clothes. I’ve seen if firsthand.”
And these were my magic clothes. I shoved the knife into my belt, and pulled out my new wand. “You picked the wrong girl to torment today,” I whispered, because Zach was right. I thought of my new robes as precious, and who knew if I’d be able to buy more? Would they work as well now that they were damaged? I felt like swearing as I held my arm out straight, my wand vibrating with power. A bolt of blue electricity burst from the tip, throwing me back against Flitwicket. 
We fell in a heap, everyone knocked over like bowling pins. When I looked up, the bandit lay still, unmoving—smoke tendrils swirling from the blackened hole in his chest, his lifeless eyes staring at the rock ceiling.
“What happened? Let me up!” Kirth yelled from the back of the corridor. 
Everyone’s voices buzzed in my ears, but it was my own I kept hearing over and over like a broken record playing. “I killed him!” I fell to my knees at the man’s side, my hands fluttering in the air. “I killed him!” I screamed again, reaching out to pull off his yellow bandanna.
He was only a boy. Probably about my age, his skin supple and unmarred by a growing beard. I stared, unprepared for the terrible feeling that consumed me, and I wondered if I would have to do this again—kill someone—before this quest was over. The boy’s eyes closed easily under my fingertips. 
“You did the right thing, Lauren,” Kirth said from behind. “His next stab could have killed you or Dardanos.”
“I know. Will he resurrect?” I asked. “People do that here.”
“That only happens in the battlegrounds,” Kirth answered sadly. “He will remain dead.” 
“A mother somewhere will cry for him tonight,” I whispered. “And she’ll hate the one who took a piece of her heart.” I couldn’t shake the feeling of deep regret that grew inside me. It was one thing to kill in the battlegrounds, knowing that person would resurrect, but another thing entirely to take a life and have it be permanent.
Zach knelt by my side and placed a hand on my shoulder as Flitwicket examined Dardanos’s injured back. He lay on his belly, grimacing with each prod of her fingers. “It’s bad,” she said. “And deep. I think it pierced your kidney. No wonder you couldn’t move,” she said to him. “You’re bleeding out.”
“What do we do?” I rushed to Dardanos’s side, inspecting the ugly wound.
“We heal him, of course. You do it, Lauren. Your new wand is more powerful. Hurry!” Flitwicket commanded.
I held my wand over the seeping wound, my hand shaking, knowing that if I did it wrong, he could die.
“Hurry! Just point!” Flitwicket demanded. “And think, heal wound!”
I took a deep breath and did as I was told. A smooth, blue light dripped like honey from my wand, into the hole in Dardanos’s back. It spread, sealing the injury. I’d done this before in the battlegrounds, but I was way more nervous this time, because Dardanos wouldn’t come back if he died, and I wasn’t ready for him to leave me just yet. When I finished, I sat back on my heels, sweating and out of breath.
Flitwicket patted my back. “That was an interesting spell that came out. I’ve never seen that particular energy used for healing.”
“Really?” I asked, surprised. “Did I do it wrong?” 
“No. You did it magnificently. Perfectly.” Flitwicket smiled with radiance. It was like the sun had come out.
Zach moved behind me, and leaned over to get a better look. “Wow, Lauren. Lucky you can do that.” 
I blushed, having everyone watching me, and said, “Well, if I couldn’t have, Flitwicket could.” I moved to stand, but Dardanos caught my wrist, and grimaced in pain. “Thank you, Lauren. I owe you my life.” He pulled me closer. Our eyes met and held, and my breath caught in my throat. I blushed and looked away. 
“Hurry,” Kirth whispered as he searched the closest tunnel. “There are probably more. There’s another cavern not too far from here where we can rest.”
Glistening perspiration appeared on Dardanos’s pale face, but at least he was alive. Flitwicket held him around the waist on one side, and Zach held him on the other. It was a tight squeeze through the narrow corridor, and we had to turn to walk sideways, but we made it to the next cavern quickly.
Once inside, Flitwicket and Zach collapsed in exhaustion. They leaned Dardanos against a swirling wall where he slid to his knees, unable to support his own weight. I crouched next to him, testing the temperature of his skin, my fingers brushing across his burning cheek. “Are you okay?” 
His eyes pinched shut and his pale lips thinned. “Something’s not right. I… feel—” He fell to his side, losing consciousness, his head banging on the floor with a thunk.
“Flitwicket!” I screamed in dread. “What’s wrong?”
The priestess bent down to examine the inflamed wound with nimble fingers. “Oh no. I’ll bet that spear tip was poisoned. I should have told you to think of that as you cast your spell.”
“What do we do?” My voice rose in panic. Dardanos’s breathing slowed markedly as we watched.
“We have to open him back up! Quickly!” Flitwicket yelled. “Kirth!” 
Kirth hurried to Flitwicket’s side, his eyes widening at the swollen, infected wound. 
“Your knife is the sharpest. Make a thin slice right here.” Flitwicket drew a line with her finger. “And one here. I’m glad I brought my herbs to make a poultice. Hopefully, it will draw out the poison.”
“Hopefully? Hopefully, they’ll work?” I shrieked, rubbing my hands over my face.
Flitwicket ignored me and went to work. The first slice revealed thick, yellow puss that spilled from the cut as it opened. A rancid odor filled the room, and I almost gagged at the sight, having to turn away. 
“How can there be an infection if we already healed him?” Zach asked, probably thinking I’d failed or at least screwed everything up.
“Lauren used a spell that sealed the skin and stopped the bleeding, but didn’t dispel the poison.” Flitwicket concentrated on her work, cleaning the wound with a strange, spoon-like instrument. 
Kirth hurried to build a small fire, which crackled happily, as though completely unaware of our dire situation. Flitwicket placed a small, porcelain bowl over the flames, and then added her ingredients. 
“How long will it take?” I asked, pacing nervously. 
“I don’t know,” she answered, focusing on her measurements. After what seemed like an eternity, she spread the poultice into Dardanos’s wound. He groaned in his sleep, his body sweating profusely, even though he was as pale as death.

 

Dardanos awoke groaning, and rolled to his side. I hurried over, the flames making my flaxen hair glow red in the soft light. It looked very cool as I bent over Dardanos, trying to straighten his pillow and blanket. He reached for my hair that cascaded over my shoulders like a spectral veil. Yeah, I have a tendency toward the dramatic, but whatever.
Dardanos shifted positions and gasped. “My insides burn like fire!” 
Flitwicket knelt at his side. “I made a poultice and reopened the wound. I think the spear tip was poisoned.”
“That explains it,” he moaned, tears of pain forming at the edges of his eyes. 
“I made some tea for the pain.” She handed him a small cup. He took the elixir and pressed it to his lips, and his face relaxed as the medicine took effect. He fell back and closed his eyes, spent.
I gazed down at him, the knot in my heart constricting as though my own life were in peril, which technically, maybe it was, but I couldn’t lose Dardanos now. I reached out and covered his hand with mine. “You’re gonna to be okay, Dan.”
“Dan?” he rasped.
“It’s shorter,” I said, embarrassed, glancing at the others.
“I like it. Dan. Yes, that’s fine.” 
As I sat there, a silly grin lighted on his face. I’d never seen him so relaxed, and he began to breathe deeper. “It’s all right, little bird. Everything’s fine,” he slurred, trying to lift his hand to my face. “So beautiful.”
“I think you should quit talking before you embarrass yourself,” I whispered, glancing again toward the others. 
“I’m not embarrassed,” he said with a flourish. “I am secure in my manhood. It’s what makes me… wonderful.” 
Good grief. “Yeah, just wonderful. I think I’ll let you go to sleep now, and hopefully, you won’t remember this conversation.” I tucked the blanket around him, wishing I could smooth my fingers over his lips, like he’d done to me, or kiss his closed eyes. I’d read about that in some romance novel and was dying to try it right now, but no way would I do anything like that in front of everyone, especially with Dardanos getting high. I moved to stand, but he grabbed my arm forcefully, pulling me close. 
“I will never forget it.” He held me close pulling me down until our faces were only inches apart. I could smell something minty on his breath. He puckered his lips, and just as his mouth was about to graze mine… he passed out. His hands relaxed and dropped to the floor, and I fell against his chest. I can’t even tell you what that was like. His hard muscles right beneath my fingers.
I turned to see everyone staring. “Um, it was just the drugs,” I said, hiding my face behind my hair.
“And I’m sure you hated every minute of it,” Zach said, annoyed. 



Hours later, Zach shook my shoulder. “Wake up,” he whispered. “It’s time to go.”
I had fallen asleep against the rock wall, and my neck ached from being in an uncomfortable position for too long. “What time is it?”
“I have no idea, but Kirth wants to get going,” Zach answered.
“What about Dardanos?” I looked for his prone figure on the other side of the campfire.
“How should I know? Flitwicket is with him.”
I scowled, because he didn’t have to be so grumpy first thing in the morning, but I pulled myself up, and wandered over to Dardanos, who seemed to be doing okay, if not achy and tired. It wasn’t long before we had picked up our things to go. I helped Dardanos up, mainly just to be near him, but he seemed completely recovered. I couldn’t believe how fast the magic worked, healing injuries so quickly.
Before we could leave the cavern, we heard the pounding of many feet from the luminescent tunnel. A horde of black-clad men, all wearing yellow bandannas, came running into the cavern.
We froze where we stood.
“Leaving so soon?” a man asked, his sword aimed at Dardanos’s chest. 
Dardanos stood straight and tall, appearing completely uninjured. “Yes,” he said with power. “Sorry we can’t stay.”
“You’ll stay,” the man said, his skin milky white. He inched his way forward. “Allow me to introduce myself. I am Rufio.” He gave a formal bow, his large teeth reflecting in the torch light. Dark hair grew sparsely over his balding head.
“I didn’t know you were still alive,” Kirth said, advancing with a raised bow. His eyes narrowed, and a frown creased his brow. I had never seen him look so intense. 
The bandit smiled, his wide grin appearing more evil than friendly. “Oh, yes. Alive and well, and leading my men to riches.”
“We have no riches, as you can see,” Kirth replied, his lips touching his aimed bowstring, his small body rigid and ready. He didn’t seem the least bit afraid.
“No matter. We’ll keep you instead.” Rufio thrust forward with his gleaming sword. Kirth vaulted into the air, flipping in a somersault, landing behind Rufio, his bow held lightly in his nimble fingers. With reflexes faster than anyone could see, Kirth elbowed Rufio in the back, and the bandit fell, his nose smashing into the rock floor, blood spurting in all directions. Kirth did another flip and landed back in his original spot.
Rufio, obviously dizzy with pain, gazed up in confusion. He wiped the steady stream of fluid from his mouth and chin. “That was a mistake.” His mouth twisted, and his eyes shot daggers at Kirth. “I’d thought to offer mercy, making your deaths quick, but now, I think I’ll take it slow.”
Kirth laughed, motioning the big man forward. “Come to Papa.”
With a howl of rage, Rufio bellowed, “Attack!”
A swarm of twenty yellow-masked men surged forward. Zach met the attack with his short swords. His only real experience fighting had been in the battlegrounds, and that had been a disaster.
The bandit approached him, a dagger held in each hand. Gray hair speckled his beefy arms, and I knew Zach was about to fight an older, more experienced man… just like the girl who stole his pendant.
With a deep breath, Zach brought his small swords up. He didn’t dance around. He didn’t swing his weapons. He didn’t try to look or act better than he was. He just stood there watching the bandit. Like a tiny David battling Goliath. He let the man think he’d be an easy kill, and when he was close enough, Zach whirled in a tight circle, letting the momentum of his swords do all the work. 
I was so proud of him!
His blades bit deep, slicing the man’s jugular with only one swipe. Zach stopped, panting, and watched the bandit fall like a felled tree, his eyes wide and staring in surprise. A swarm of yellow-masked men advanced forward. 
I touched my forehead and thought, “Shield.” A prickly, warm sensation covered my body as rays of light surrounded me, protecting me from harm. I raised my wand, that now-familiar energy coursing down my arm, filling my hand. Power shot from my wand, blasting a hole through the man in front of me. He flew back ten feet and lay still. I aimed again, blasting away, while keeping an eye on my battling friends.
I stood back, wishing I could run and hide until it was all over, but I knew that wasn’t an option. These men would not resurrect, and we wouldn’t either, so we had to fight our opponents ferociously, refusing to be the ones who died.
I worried about Dardanos, who favored his injury. I tried to work my way over to him. He fought two men at once, raising his sword over and over with untiring strength. Aiming carefully, I shot a spell at the man closest to me. He fell to one knee, but did not die. Instead, he turned toward me, his black eyes locking with mine.
Dardanos glanced in my direction, but he couldn’t come to my aid. The bandit’s long, blond hair, which hung in heavy clumps, covered his face, his bandana loose and gathered under his chin. 
“I don’t think I’ve ever seen such a pretty priestess,” he said, moving forward.
“You don’t get out much,” I answered, my wand aimed and ready. I concentrated, willing the power to fly, but my wand wouldn’t shoot. I focused harder while trying to keep an eye on the advancing man. Nothing happened. In desperation, I focused on that spot in my chest where the power always radiated, willing it to stream into the wand, but nothing happened. I was empty, weak, and out of energy.
The man lunged, grabbing my arm. My shield had disappeared, and I hadn’t even noticed! Quickly, I touched my forehead, thinking, “Shield.” But once again, nothing.
“You’ve depleted yourself, silly girl. Have you learned nothing about power and magic?” He pushed me into a shaded corner away from the others.
“Let go!” I screamed, scratching at his hands with my fingernails, and raking his face from hairline to chin. He screamed in pain, but never let go. Balling his fist, he punched me hard in the jaw, and then grabbed me with both hands, throwing me to the hard-packed ground.
Never had I been treated this way. Never had I been beaten up. Not even by my brother, and we’d been in some doozies. I couldn’t even think; my jaw hurt so bad that I thought it was broken. My whole body ached, and I could hardly breathe, let alone get up and fight. Dizzy with pain, I managed to open my eyes. 
The man knelt over me with a knife. “I think I’ll have some fun first.” He held the point close to my eye.
I blinked, my brain cloudy and unresponsive. The foul stench of his breath wafted over me, and I turned my head to escape the stench. He grabbed my hair and yanked my head back. I cried out in despair, the pain too intense to even fight back. Where was Dardanos? Where was Zach? Anyone? Couldn’t they see what was happening? Didn’t they care? A sob escaped my bleeding lips, and the man slapped me hard across the face.
“Don’t close your eyes, girl, or you’ll miss the whole thing,” he whispered, his lips brushing my ear. And then suddenly the weight of his body, smashing painfully into my ribs, was gone.
I rolled to my side, not sure what I was seeing, and hurting too much to care. Trilly, Kirth’s jumbo spider, had the man’s neck in its giant black pincers, and was bringing the bandit’s head into its gaping mouth. The man kicked and screamed, trying to free himself. Crushers burst from Trilly’s maw and mashed the man’s head, killing him before Kirth could assist. 
Good giant spider, I thought, dumbly, pressing my hand to my throbbing jaw. I tried to sit up against the uneven wall to search the room. Zach fought a small man, no bigger than him. I watched in amazement as his short swords slashed and stabbed, cutting the man’s clothes bit by bit. 
Zach was toying with him, I realized. He didn’t even seem scared or unsure. He jabbed, ducked, and then rolled between the man’s legs, leaping over his enemy’s head in a flip. Where did he learn that? 
Rufio escaped Kirth’s arrows and hurried to the room’s entrance, screaming in frustration, most of his men dead. He stood alone. “This isn’t over, Kirth. I know who you are. I’ll find you, and when I do, you’re a dead man!” He ran from the room.
“Let him go,” Kirth called, wiping the sweat from his brow.
Dardanos lay against the wall, spent, but alive. He’d fought like a madman. Flitwicket knelt down next to me as tears dripped slowly down my bruised and bleeding cheeks. I didn’t bother to wipe them away. 
“What happened?” Flitwicket asked, pressing her cool fingers to my jaw. 
“I don’t know. All of a sudden, nothing worked. Not my spells, not my shield, not my wand.” 
“Ah. Yes. I should have told you that as a new priestess, your reserves can be depleted quickly. It takes time, practice, and training to build up the stamina you need to sustain yourself in a long battle.” She pressed a magic bandage to my cheek, and immediately the bleeding stopped and the pain ebbed to a dull throb. “Hold that there for a few minutes.”
“I wish I would have known that before,” I mumbled. It was hard not to be angry when this tidbit of information had almost cost me my life. 
Flitwicket gazed into my eyes, seeming to understand my frustration. “I’m sorry. I forget what it used to be like. It’s been a very long time since I was a new priestess, and I seldom exhaust my reserves anymore.” Flitwicket finished with me, then made her way over to Dardanos, administering to his cuts and bruises. Zach and Kirth followed, watching as she bandaged the giant warrior.
I sat across the room alone, and turned toward the wall. Tears fell now that the skirmish was over and I was safe… supposedly. Reality was hitting, and I clung to the cold stone, burying my fear and helplessness there. I couldn’t stay here. I couldn’t deal with massacre, blood, and threats. This wasn’t normal. These people weren’t normal. This wasn’t the real world, and more than anything, I wanted to be back with my mother, her cool hands soothing my broken body. I wanted to be in my own bed, truly safe. And here, I wasn’t safe. The cold rock felt wonderful against my sweating face, and then I felt a hand press my shoulder. 
I turned to see Dardanos. He gazed into my tear-filled eyes, his concern evident. “Are you all right?” he asked gently, his expression full of ache. There were no words to say at that moment, so instead, I just rested my hand on his chest. 
“I don’t know,” I answered truthfully.
“I’m sorry I couldn’t help you.” He shook his head, his eyes downcast.
“Oh… that’s okay. Kirth’s spider saved me.” 
“I’m glad you’re all right. I’ll never let that happen again,” he said trying to see through my wall of hair. 
Whirling, I faced him. “What’s that supposed to mean? You won’t let a battle happen again? You won’t let my energy disappear again? You won’t let the spider save the day?” My frustration spilled out in waves, the fear and anger barreling forward like a rabid animal. I turned away, not wanting to meet his eyes.
“What?” He pulled back in surprise.
“You should have been there for me! You should have saved me! That man had a knife and dragged me to the wall and—” I couldn’t finish, for my shoulders heaved with sobs as I buried my face in my hands. 
Flitwicket stepped forward, wrapping her arms around me. She stroked my hair and whispered into my ear, just like my mother would have, and my heart ached even more. I turned to her, burying my face in her robes, clinging to her as though I was a child, and we were the last two people on Earth. After a time, she lifted me, keeping her arms around me tight, and led me from the room. 
“We’d better get out of here before the Rufios come back,” she said.
A small light glowed at the end of the tunnel, its reflection dancing off the rainbow walls ahead of us. A tiny, tufted-eared man appeared, carrying a torch in his childlike hands. “You called?” He smiled with mischief.
“Giddel! You came! We need your help,” Zach said, hurrying us along. “We were attacked by Rufios!”
“Yes, I know all about that. We watch these halls, you know. Terrible people, those Rufios.”
“Can you lead us out?” Zack begged, glancing over his shoulder.
Giddel strained to see all of us, and we stared right back. This was a rare and magical experience, and we were all caught up in the moment. 
“I could, but only for a price. I’m sorry, but that’s the rule. I would do if for free just to visit with you,” he said to Zach, “but the other tunnelers would be upset. I have to be paid.”
“We can pay you,” Dardanos said from behind.
“Good. Then it’s a deal. Come this way and hurry. My friends will lead the Rufios astray. Even those ruffians get lost in here sometimes.”
“Thanks, Giddel!” We followed the tunneler through the maze with only his dim torch to light the way. We wound around and around until I was sure we were lost and going in circles. My head ached, and my jaw was still swollen, and the only thing I wanted to do was lie down and rest. 
I glanced back at Kirth to find him walking backwards, guarding our rear. Never once did he look over his shoulder to see where he was going, nor did he stumble. I wanted to ask the little pixie what other talents he was hiding, but I was too tired and heartbroken.
After four hours of hiking through the narrow tunnels, a light grew ahead. “This is the Land of Perils,” Giddel announced. “Best of luck to you all.”
“Thanks for your help. Your deed will not be forgotten.” Dardanos tossed the little man a small bag of gold.
Giddel hefted the bag, testing its weight. “This will do fine.” He looked to Zach and nodded. “If you ever come this way again, don’t hesitate to call. I’ll always be available to give assistance.” He bowed to Kirth as though he were royalty, which he was, then to Zach. “It was a pleasure.”
Zach ducked his head in embarrassment. “Sure thing, Giddel. You can always count on me, too.” 
With a smile, Giddel turned, disappearing back into the cave.


Goodbye, Mama.” Kalika wrapped her arms around her mother’s frail body, promising to come back as soon as she could. It was time to rejoin her battalion.
As she jogged along the dirt road toward her outpost, she thought back to her recent nightmare. The bad dreams had started long ago in her youth, but had become more vivid and graphic. A cold chill crept up her back as she allowed the dream to blossom in her mind. 
A dark, acidic mist rose from the water, swirling, bubbling, foaming. Cries of agony filled her ears as the mist reached her village. It coated everyone’s skin, causing it to bubble and melt. Nothing could stop the mist, or destroy it. She watched as her family and home disintegrated into ash. Her mother’s bones lay upon the ground, bleached white. A gigantic man, clad in steel armor moved toward her from the mist, his eyes glowing red. He reached for her, his hands grasping, and then… and then she found herself shivering on the edge of the dirt path. 
She pulled herself up, clammy with sweat, breathing hard. Fear still hovered as she rose to her feet and stumbled forward. Leaning against a tree, she wiped her brow and wondered at the power of her dream. Panting, she shuffled along, too drained to jog. 
The dense forest pressed itself over her—the trees of her homeland seeming sinister instead of safe. She hurried along as the sky darkened, and she smelled a rainstorm building in the distance. After a few hours on the worn path, a familiar friend fell in beside her. Kalika picked up her pace to match his.
“Hello, Kalika. Lovely day for a run,” the fellow soldier joked.
“Hi, Junto. Good to see you again. Have a nice rest with your family?”
“Yes, thank you.” Kalika eyed the higher-ranking werewolf, his leather armor identical to hers, except his had coarse, dark hair poking out of the seams. His bright eyes gleamed in the afternoon sun, his sharp claws bouncing. 
“My brother is dead,” she said after a moment, her face showing no emotion.
“I too have lost family.”
She knew he had, including his own son. How had he survived such an ordeal? She didn’t know if she could. Her brother’s death was almost unbearable, his beautiful smile snuffed out. Her heart seemed to ache from sunrise to sunset. She turned to her friend. “Junto, why do you fight this war?”
“Because I have to, to bring honor to my people, and because it is in my blood.” He glanced at her from the corner of his dark eyes.
“But do you think it’s a just fight?” she asked.
Junto paused before answering. “If I refuse to do my job, what will happen to my family? Do I wish for death? No. But I do love the fight. I relish pitting my strength against my enemy. Do I like to cause pain? No. But pain is over quickly, and I am a merciful opponent. Do we need Guild land? No. But I fight for the same reasons you do, Kalika. To live without fear.”
They continued at a brisk pace, Kalika taking deep breaths and thinking carefully before she asked her next question. “Do you think the Warlord has become greedy?”
“Careful, Kalika. This sounds like treason, and I don’t want to be the one to dole out punishments. If you have these thoughts, I sympathize. It’s not unusual to feel this way after losing a loved one, but I cannot be party to it.”
“I’m sorry, Junto. It’s just that my heart aches, and I wish to be free of it.”
“Then lose yourself in battle, in blood lust. It will take away your pain.”
Kalika didn’t want to lose herself in blood lust. It dulled the pain for only a moment. She wanted to live in peace, to enjoy her home and family, and not worry that someone—the Warlord—could take it away. 





The Land of Perils was one of my favorite places to quest. It was Legion land, and there were plenty of ogres, werewolves, and drows to kill. I was sure the drow who’d taken my pendant lived close by. 
Getting through the forest would be the tricky part. As part of the Guild, we would shine like beacons and be easily spotted. It would take stealth and cunning to avoid detection. But that’s what I’d trained for. My body no longer hindered me or held me back, and I was as hard and strong as anyone on my home football team. 
The five of us huddled under the trees, whispering quietly at the edge of the forest. “I have a potion that will turn one of us into a drow,” Flitwicket said. “If will work for one hour and one hour only.” She held it out for all to see. The flask sparkled like crystal in the evening sun.
“Who should go?” I asked, looking around our bedraggled group. 
“You,” Kirth said. He leaned against his bow, a mischievous grin on his face.
“Me?” I felt like I’d been punched in the stomach. “But I have no experience. It would be a suicide mission.” If I were playing the game, it wouldn’t be a problem. I could do it easily, and if my toon died, who cared? It would resurrect. But this was real. What if I died in that village? I would stay dead. 
Flitwicket handed me the vial. “You’ve been trained. It’s all inside you. Wait to drink it until we’re closer.” 
Hesitantly, I took the potion, my hands shaking. It felt like poison and sat like a time bomb in my pocket. As night approached, the rock in the pit of my stomach grew. We weren’t far from the first drow village. I would have to ask questions about a girl I didn’t know. Would my disguise hold? Would I accidentally reveal myself? What should I say if I found her? Can I have my pendant back? Pretty please? What if she tried to kill me?
When it was time, I uncorked the vial and gazed at the swirling potion, afraid, but as I looked into each of my friend’s faces, I knew I had to do this. They were depending on me, risking their lives for me. 
Lifting the cold glass to my lips, I drank the nasty concoction. A burning sensation shot down my throat, to my fingers and toes. Even my scalp burned. Every hair on my body stood straight and screamed in protest. I fell to the ground, writhing in agony.
“Oh my gosh!” Lauren exclaimed in surprise. “Look at you!”
Right before their eyes, I metamorphosed. My body lengthened, and my hair and skin darkened. My shoulders stretched, broadening, and my ears grew into tight little points. I groaned in misery, my bones cracking and reshaping to look like a drow. I rolled to my side, gasping for breath. I was dying! There was no other way to describe it. Flitwicket had poisoned me! 
“He… he looks like a… it worked!” Lauren whispered, her hand covering her mouth.
Finally, I lay still, the pain subsiding. Remarkably, I was still alive. Panting with effort, I pulled myself to my feet, examining my hands. “Oh man, that hurt so bad. I’ll never do that again.”
“You’re so ugly.” Lauren said, stifling a giggle. “Even more than usual.”
“You’re one to talk.” I stretched out my arms, no longer in pain. I admired my thick muscles and dark skin. “I look awesome!”
“Yes, Mr. Awesome. And you only have an hour,” Flitwicket reminded me as she adjusted my armor. She rested her hand on my shoulder in a motherly gesture. “Do you have your weapons?” 
“Yes.”
“Good, then go!”
Just as I was about to leave, Lauren threw her arms around me. In shock, I stood there my arms hanging at my sides. I wasn’t used to this newfound affection we had for one another, but this really could be the last time I saw her, and as soon as I realized that, I quickly recovered and gave her a tight hug back.
“Be careful, okay? I want to see my bratty, little brother again. Plus, you can’t leave me in this place alone,” she whispered in my ear.
“Don’t worry. I’ve done quests like this millions of times,” I said with fake confidence, pulling away. I jogged down the dirt path, turning around once to wave, and then streaked into the night with super human speed and the wind whipping past my face. 
Soon, the little village appeared, the many huts scattered through the trees. I slowed and hid behind a wide pine, peeking into the rustic settlement. A sudden thought stopped my heart. I didn’t know the drow language! I hadn’t understood one thing the girl had said before she killed me. Immediately, sweat began dripping down my sides, tickling my skin. The first words from my mouth would condemn me.
I waited, afraid, but knew I had to hurry or my spell would wear off. It was almost full dark, and the call of playing children had died down. I was missing my chance, and still I hid there, panicked at the thought of failure! Taking a deep breath, I stepped out. Only a few drows wandered the path, and I spied a boy who seemed about my age. 
“Hi!” I said, hoping he would understand me.
The youth stopped and stared, a small white ball bouncing near his feet. A knot formed in my throat, and I could hardly swallow as I wiped the sweat from my forehead.
“Hi,” the boy said finally.
I almost fell to his knees, crying in relief. “I’m looking for a woman, a maverick. I have an important message for her, but I don’t know her name. She has long dark hair and is about as tall as I am.”
The boy shrugged. “Most drow women have long, dark hair and are as tall as you. I don’t know if any are mavericks though,” he said, walking away.
Stumped, I turned to look for someone else. An elderly drow sat outside a small hut rocking in a chair. I hurried over to him and repeated my tale.
“Yes, I know who you look for. She’s the only woman in our village who chose to be a soldier. What do you want with her?”
I couldn’t tell him the truth, and I’d told so many lies that one more couldn’t possibly make any difference. I was already in too deep. “I have a message for her,” I said with urgency, figuring it was close to the truth.
The old man studied me, his eyelids loose and hanging over his dark, slitted eyes. “Hmm. Well, you have an honest enough face. Her name is Kalika. Her hut is in the trees that way,” he pointed.
“Thank you!” I turned and ran down the dirt path. 
“But she’s not there!” the man called.
I stopped and looked back. “She’s not? Where is she?”
“Gone to battle. Her mother’s there though.”
“Oh. Okay, thanks.” Crestfallen, I went to meet Kalika’s mother. Her home was small and at the base of a large tree. A beautifully crafted narrow path wound its way up to a loft at the top. I knocked on the front door, and an elderly woman answered, her face lined with age. In confusion, she peered at the strange man standing before her.
“Hello. Uh, I’m… uh, here for Kalika. I’m a friend.”
“Kalika is gone,” she said, tears forming in her eyes. “And likely never to return.” A sob erupted from the woman’s mouth as she closed the door.
I blocked it with the toe of my boot. “Um, I have a strange question. Did she by chance have a medallion with a red stone?” There could be other drow mavericks. What were the odds he’d found the right girl so fast?
The woman eyed my foot and me warily. “Maybe. Why?”
“It’s powerful and… dangerous. I’m… worried for her. She doesn’t know,” I lied. Again. 
The woman began to cry harder. A flood of tears cascaded down her aging face. I felt like a piece of crap standing there watching, but what could I do? What would I do if this were my own mother? I reached out and put an arm around her fragile shoulders. She sank into my embrace as I patted her back. “It’ll be okay. I’ll protect her. I promise.”
She looked deeply into my eyes. “She’s at Torpid Springs. Please find her. I couldn’t bear it if anything happened to her.” 
I squeezed her again, and then stepped back.
“You be careful too,” she said, her cheeks red and puffy.
“I will.” I turned and jogged out of the village as fast as I could without drawing too much attention. As soon as I hit the forest edge, the pain began.



Kalika made it to Torpid Springs, wallowing in sorrow. Her mind never drifted far from her brother who had been her best friend. They’d run through the forests and had swum in the streams. He’d taught her to hunt and had treated her as an equal even when other boys made fun of him for it.
Despite her exhaustion, she jogged straight through camp to the leathersmith to have some minor repairs made to her armor. Soldiers from all over the Legion land had arrived, checking into their quarters, visiting old friends and reporting to their superiors. Her usual happiness at seeing her comrades was absent. She didn’t want to be here. 
A large tent off to the right housed the mavericks of her level. She found her sleeping space, dropped her pack, and lay down in weariness—not from running, but from heartache. She wanted nothing but the sweet oblivion of sleep. In her quiet corner, she closed her eyes, willing the memories of her brother to vanish for a moment. Just as she entered a quiet slumber, a body thumped down next to her.
Kalika cracked an eye, and then closed it again, ignoring the intruder.
“Hey, get up! I just got here, and I’m ready to rumble,” Kalika’s enthusiastic friend said, shaking her shoulder.
“Nona, I am dead tired. I need to rest.”
Nona threw a nut in the air and caught it in her teeth. “You? Need rest? What’s wrong?”
Kalika sighed in resignation. She would have to explain. Otherwise, Nona would never go away. “My brother died last week.”
A look of despair settled on Nona’s face and she reached out, smoothing Kalika’s hair. “Oh Kali, I’m so sorry. Want to spar to take your mind off it? Or wrestle? I can get you something to eat if you want.”
Sparring and eating were the last things she wanted. “No. I just want to sleep.”
“Okay. I’ll be back later.” Nona leaned down and gave Kalika a quick hug, then left the tent. No one else bothered her until late in the day.



As I hurried back to my friends, the painful burning began, starting in my fingers and toes, then moving up through my thighs, my groin, and my chest. Fire tore through my neck and head as my facial bones ground back into place and my hair fell out, replaced with my natural style and color. I tripped numerous times as my legs and feet shrank, and reshaped in painful metamorphosis. I covered my face and stumbled over a rock, falling into the dirt, writhing in agony.
“Well, well, well. What do we have here?” a voice said, standing over me.
I rolled over to see a burly green thing with scaly ears and a wide, bulbous nose. 
A goblin. 
“Oh, no,” I mumbled as I tried to stand, but my transformation continued as the band of goblins stared, their mouths gaping in revulsion.
“It’s a witch!” one exclaimed, pulling out his ax. Just as the goblin raised his arm, an arrow twanged into his chest and vibrated to a stop. The goblin froze with a look of utter surprise on his face, and then fell to the earth, dead.
The other goblins raised their weapons and searched the forest for enemies. “Did you see that?” one growled, turning in a tight circle. 
I didn’t know who or what had saved me, but I wasn’t about to hang around and find out. Fully human again, I jumped up, my feet hitting the dirt. I took off through the forest, the goblins following close behind. I yelled in fright when another arrow hummed past my left ear, narrowly missing me. 
The forest grew thick, and the emerald canopy blocked out all sunshine. I tried to remember this area on my computer, but my mind was jumbled, panicked. If I remembered correctly, these woods were inhabited by numerous beasts and monsters of the Legion. I stayed parallel to the path, hoping to avoid them and find my friends.
Running fast was impossible with all the undergrowth, so I slowed, hurtling clumsily over fallen debris. When I heard a murmur ahead, I slowed and crept as close as I dared, hoping it was my friends. 
No such luck. I should have known it wouldn’t be that easy.
I found a small clearing with twig huts situated in a circle around a modest bonfire. Troll-like animal, only four feet tall, ambled around, chanting and beating rattles against their chests. The creatures walked on two legs and looked like miniature Minotaurs. Some even sported gold rings through their snouts, their feet bare. 
The aroma of roasting meat wafted on the breeze, and my mouth watered. How long had it been since I’d eaten? I couldn’t even remember. That couldn’t be healthy. I still had a huge appetite, but miracle of miracles, I never gained any weight here. Just muscle. Maybe I could sneak something without being caught. 
I crept forward carefully, tiptoeing to the nearest hut to pinpoint the source of the flavorful aroma. Something hung, skewered over the fire—something large that dripped with melting fat and sizzled deliciously. I moaned in delightful anticipation. 
As I crept, I was sure to watch my feet, determined not to step on anything that would make noise. I walked right into a low hanging branch that caught near my right eye, leaving a fresh, jagged scrape. I yelped in surprise. 
The beasts turned and stood motionless, staring at me.
Pandemonium erupted. 
The miniature Minotaurs roared and surrounded me, speaking an unintelligible language. I was so freaked that I didn’t fight back when they tied my hands and feet with thick twine. Taking one look at their hungry faces, I cried for help, hoping my friends were close enough to hear.
The Minotaurs carried me, struggling and screaming like a baby, to the raging fire and set me next to their skewered dinner. I stared into the cooking animal’s melted eyes. It wasn’t a pig at all—like I’d thought—but a small unicorn, its golden horn blackened with soot. The hair had burned away, and its skin had cooked to a golden brown. 
I had never seen a unicorn in the game. Ever. Gazing at what I thought to be a revered beast, my heart sank. This was very bad. Why would they kill something so magically wonderful? What kind of person would do that? But these weren’t people. These were horrors who served a dark god.
With renewed strength, I fought my captors, struggling to free myself. A Minotaur with light hair toted a six-foot pole that had been honed to a sharp point at one end, exactly like the one the unicorn was skewered with.
Dread spread through my body like boiling acid, coating my insides, making me moan in defeat. There was no way to escape, and my friends had no idea where I was. The Minotaur brought the sharpened spear over and laid it next to me with a satisfied smile. 
The beasts proceeded to cut my new leather armor from my body. I almost cried from despair just over that. Kirth had spent a fortune on this gear. It was endowed with all sorts of awesome enchantments, and now it would be thrown in the fire like rags. I struggled, screaming at the top of my lungs and lashing out with my legs, but it didn’t matter, my armor was ruined.
In fury, I latched onto the closest beast with my teeth, but immediately let go as the foul, filthy hair filled my mouth. A sour taste and bits of fur coated the roof of my mouth and stuck at the back of my throat. I couldn’t swallow, and I couldn’t spit it out. My stomach took care of it for me. I retched and retched until there was nothing left, and I lay there naked, helpless, and reeking of vomit.
A Minotaur hefted the spiked pole, saying something to his comrades in their foreign tongue. In unison, they rolled me to my stomach and spread my legs. Instantly, I knew what they were going to do. I fought and kicked, trying to flip back. I got one of them with my feet, sending him flying. The furious creature jumped up, brandishing the spiked weapon, ready to pierce me through, its face brimming of rage.
When a shriek of fury echoed from the woods, the small party glanced up. An arrow zipped past and lodged into the chest of the Minotaur to my right. The one holding the spear. His buddies stared in surprise, but soon began shrieking when dozens of arrows descended. I shoved my face into the dirt, hoping to avoid them myself, and when the barrage ended, I lay in silence, holding my breath. 
Footsteps approached.
“Zach?”
I looked up. “Lauren?”
She rushed to my side, slicing through the twine around my hands and feet. Kirth held his bow with an arrow still nocked. Flitwicket threw her robe over my shoulders.
“Kirth, it was you?” I held the tiny pixie at arm’s length and gazed into his eyes with gratitude. Never had I worshiped anyone more.
“Of course! Who else can shoot an arrow from two hundred feet away? I’ll bet you couldn’t even see me.”
I shook my head, chuckling. “Nope, I couldn’t.”
The Minotaurs were either dead or had run off, so the camp lay empty and quiet.
Lauren turned to the spit, holding her hands out to the warmth. “Maybe we should eat since we’re here. It sure smells good.” Everyone turned to the fire, noticing for the first time the roasting unicorn. Dardanos and Kirth stepped over to the revered animal and took it from the flames, laying it on the soft, cool grass. 
“It’s a unicorn,” I answered. “See the horn?”
“Oh.” Lauren froze, her eyes widening.
“This is deplorable,” Flitwicket whispered, stepping closer. “We need to bury her before the Minotaurs return.”
It didn’t take long to carry the unicorn’s body deep into the forest. We dug a hole and placed the unicorn inside, then covered it with Flitwicket’s silvery priestess robes. She placed a spell over the gravesite, making it invisible to others, so it would never be disturbed. 
“The golden horn has magical properties that many of the Legion would kill for. But no one with a heart kills a unicorn,” Flitwicket said, her head bowed.
After a moment, Lauren leaned close to me. “So, did you get it?”
“Huh? Get what?” 
“The pendant, dummy. Did you get the pendant?”
“Umm, no. She wasn’t there, but I found out her name and where she went.” Weary, I sat on a rock and rubbed my neck. What a terrible day it had been. It seemed like every time I turned around, something awful happened. The game wasn’t exciting anymore, and I yearned for the safety of my home and family. 
I trembled with cold while we hiked back through the woods, and thorns got stuck in my feet since I didn’t have shoes. I was beyond miserable. Kirth ended up giving me his spare set of armor to wear. It was tight, but would work until I could buy my own. Starving, I opened my pack and took out a bit of good mood food, taking a big bite of the sugary pastry. It melted like chocolate over my tongue, erasing the awful taste of Minotaur hair and barf. Almost immediately, I felt rested and restored, my aching muscles relaxed. Energy coursed through my body, and a calm filled my troubled mind. My quest no longer seemed so daunting, and I didn’t miss home as badly.
Kirth shifted his pack and sped up to walk beside me. “So. Where is she?” he asked. “The woman with the pendant.” 
“Oh. Right. Her name is Kalika, and she’s at Torpid Springs.”
“Torpid Springs?” Dardanos repeated, still weak and tired from his injury, his face pale. I knew my toon needed some pastry, and as much as I hated to part with it, I offered some anyway. 
Dardanos took it with a wry smile. “Do I look that bad?” 
“No. I can just tell you need it,” I said with a chuckle.
“The closer we get to Torpid Springs, the more enemy soldiers we’ll encounter,” Kirth said. “It will become increasingly difficult to avoid detection, especially for Dardanos. He’s too big to go unnoticed. Maybe he should stay here since he needs to rest anyway. Lauren can stay with him. Flitwicket, Zach and I can go on alone. There’s probably a cave farther in where you can wait.”
Lauren’s smile dropped. “But… isn’t it dangerous to split up? What if something happens and we can’t find each other? What if you get captured? We’d never know.”
“Then it’s better that we’re not captured all at once,” Flitwicket added, squeezing Lauren’s shoulder in reassurance. “Dardanos knows how to survive in the woods. You’ll be fine.” 
“But… this is inappropriate! We can’t be left alone. My parents would freak!” Lauren screeched, her eyes wide. I think the truth was she was scared. Dardanos was injured and she didn’t want to be separated from me. I should have been flattered, but sisters are beyond annoying.
“Lauren, it’s not like you’re on a date. It’s a reconnaissance mission!” I said, excited for our next adventure, not even thinking that Lauren and Dardanos would be alone together. 
She glared at me, communicating sileintly how stupid she thought I was. I didn’t care in the least, and I was feeling better and better as the seconds ticked by. Maybe I should give Lauren some of my pastry so she would be in a better mood. But then I decided she wasn’t being nice enough to deserve any. 
“No,” Dardanos said with finality. “We shouldn’t split up. I’ll be fine.”





While the group waited at the edge of the woods, Kirth scouted ahead. Dardanos lay slumped against a tree, clearly showing signs of fatigue. He panted, and sweat beaded his brow. I moved closer and placed my hand over his forehead. “Are you okay?”
My warrior’s pride forced him to keep going, but what he really needed was rest. I hoped we could get him to a city before he collapsed altogether. 
“I’m all right,” he said with a pained smile. Our moment was interrupted when Kirth returned with a message that stole my attention from Dardanos and made my heart stop cold.
“I spotted guards up ahead, close to the Legion outpost. I overheard them saying the Warlord has ordered a surprise attack on all Guild cities. It happens at midnight.” He sank to the pine-covered ground and wiped his brow, panting. “The Torpid Springs regiment marches on Stonehammer.” He took a swig of water.
“Stonehammer,” Zach repeated in a horrified whisper. “The halfling city.”
“Yes,” Flitwicket said, rising to her full height. “We need to warn them!”
“But how?” I asked. “We don’t have time. The attack is at midnight.” 
We all sat thinking for a moment, and then Kirth’s face lit up with a wide smile. “Do you see those hills over there?” He pointed toward the east, past a wide, grassy valley. 
“Yes,” we all answered at the same time.
“In those hills is a hidden Guild outpost. There’s a sorcerer stationed there, and I know him.” Kirth said. “That is, if we can find him.”
“That’s right! I remember now,” Zach said, smacking his head.
The rest of the group turned to stare at him in confusion, and I looked away like I had no idea what he was talking about. Smooth move, ex-lax.
“How do you know that?” Kirth asked. “It’s a secret.”
“Uh, just heard about it. So, how do we get over there?” Zach said, hurrying to change the subject. He gazed at the hills across the valley. “That’s a long way with nowhere to hide.” 
“We wait until dark,” Kirth said. “Once the sun sets, the shadows will hide us.” 



Darkness descended slowly. I already felt we were wasting time waiting for night, but finally, Kirth gave the order.
“Okay, follow me,” he whispered, and we sprinted in a crouch across the road to the first stand of trees. Nothing moved or made a sound. “Let’s go,” he whispered again. We dashed into the open valley with only the moon to guide our way.
Dardanos brought up the rear with me beside him, of course. Zach kept glancing back at us, worried that we weren’t keeping up. I don’t know what he thought would happen. That we would stop to have a make-out session? We hadn’t even kissed yet! Well, okay, maybe he worried about us being caught by the Legion if we fell too far behind. It didn’t matter, because in the next moment I heard a rustling to my right. I stopped, listening intently. “Did you hear that?”
Flitwicket cocked her head, slowing to let us catch up. “I don’t hear anything.”
My panting was audible in the quiet stillness, because I was still sore, and running across that field was nearly killing me. Dardanos was bent at the waist, resting his massive hands on his knees, his breath coming in hitches. He was clearly exhausted also. 
Kirth knelt and placed his ear on the ground. “Hmm. I forgot about the deeches.” 
“Deeches?” Zach said. “Those little rat things that thrive in open valleys and grassy plains? The ones that look like prairie dogs except for their two-inch fangs and long, black claws that can rake you to the bone? Those deeches?” he asked, practically screeching.
“They attack in hordes. Hundreds. Sometimes, thousands at a time,” Dardanos said, reaching for his swords.
“Great,” I mumbled, getting my wand ready. “Just one more thing that wants to kill us.”
The rustling increased as thousands of tiny feet clawed their way to the surface. The little beasts poured from holes in the ground all around us.
“Run!” Flitwicket commanded, taking off. Her long legs spun effortlessly beneath her.
Zach could have easily run ahead, but he didn’t leave us on that deadly prairie. He kept pace with Dardanos who was wounded, so he wouldn’t get too far ahead. I loved him so much at that moment.
At the sound of a scream, I turned to see Flitwicket go down. Zach swerved and ran back for her. At least twenty brown rodents swarmed over her legs. Kirth arrived at her side, hacking away, but as each deech died, another took its place. 
The animals crawled up Zach’s legs too, biting into the thick leather around his thighs. A large one hung on his belt, its teeth gleaming as it hissed. Zach yelled and stumbled backwards, falling on the attacking rodents. A large deech sank its vampiric canines into his skin. Howling in pain, Zach tried to bat the deech away, but its fangs embedded even farther. A flash of light zipped over Zach’s head. Flitwicket stood above him, her shield glowing like the sun. She reached down and took his hand, the light repelling the deeches, their hisses audible in the darkness. 
With each movement, Zach moaned, sliding in and out of consciousness. Venom from a deech bite wasn’t poisonous enough to kill, but it was poisonous enough to incapacitate. Kirth heaved him up into the air, and his face bumped against the pixie’s tiny feet as he hung over his slender shoulders, which caused a nosebleed. Kirth was barely tall enough to keep Zach’s face from dragging on the ground. 
I watched the whole thing from right behind, and I would have laughed if teeny tiny vampires hadn’t been chasing us. It was at that point that the rodents overwhelmed me, climbing up my legs like spiders. If Dardanos hadn’t picked me up and carried me the rest of the way, I’d be dead now. My legs burned as though hundreds of needles had been driven through my skin, and they truly had. There wasn’t time to think about it because I suddenly vaulted into the air, flying at least six feet before landing hard on the rocky ground.
Air exploded from my lungs, and I gasped, not able to suck in even one breath. This was worse than being under water. My ribs burned with a fire like I’d never felt before. Lifting my head, I saw the whole earth move like living water—a tidal wave of deeches scampering after us. 
“We’re almost there!” Kirth yelled, picking himself up and grabbing Zach’s arm. They’d been tripped by the killer rats too. The foot of the mountains was only a few feet away. We crawled, creeped, and grappled for the edge, the deeches clinging to our legs and arms. By some miracle, we made it. 
The deeches wouldn’t cross the field line. A warding spell along the mountain made them refuse to follow. Instead, the horde screeched at us with deafening volume, raking the air with their talons. 
I lay sprawled on the ground, frozen in horror at the sight.
Long shadows appeared as bushes and boulders came into view. Zach scrambled a bit farther up the mountain. The others followed, wanting only to escape. I found a spot on the other side of a large bush and collapsed.
“Is everyone all right?” Kirth asked.
“I am,” Zach said. “Where’s Lauren?” he asked, hissing in agony, letting his head fall back to the ground.
I could hear their voices, but I couldn’t see them, and I was too exhausted to even answer, my throat raw from all the hysterical screaming I’d done. Dardanos lay beside me, breathing heavily, his eyes scrunched closed in obvious pain.
Zach called out again. “Lauren?” his voice rising in panic. “Where are Lauren and Dardanos?”
“They were right behind me,” Flitwicket said, searching from where she sat.
“Oh no! I’m going back.” 
I couldn’t let him go back onto the field, so I pulled it together and croaked out his name. “Zach!” 
From the darkness, Dardanos and I emerged drenched in shadow. We stumbled along, covered in cuts, puncture wounds, and scratches. I dropped down beside Zach and threw my arms around him. Dardanos fell beside me, holding his side, his legs dripping with thick, dark blood.
“Flitwicket!” Zach called. “Over here.”
“I’ll get my bandages,” she answered before hurrying toward us.
“Good thing we have a healer with us,” Zach said, smiling at me. 
Flitwicket handed him a few bandages, which he quickly pressed against every wound he could see on me. When I seemed to be resting easy, he went to work on his own wounds, sighing in relief as he covered each hole with a magic bandage. Flitwicket did the same for Dardanos.
After a short reprieve, Kirth searched the area with a practiced eye. “There’s a trail here somewhere, with a large boulder that marks the way. Are you all ready?”
I wasn’t. I could have stayed there all night and fallen asleep on the unforgiving, rocky ground, but we couldn’t rest any longer. We had to find that outpost. “I’m sore, but okay.”
“Me too,” Zach said. “Thank goodness for magic.” 
I pulled myself to my feet and stuck my hand out to help Dardanos. Dardanos had saved me, and I wanted to save him right back. He gave me a slow smile and squeezed my hand, and then we began hunting for this mysterious trail Kirth had told us about. We hunted for a half hour before Flitwicket called to us. “I think this is it.” 
A large, gray stone stood in the night, blocking any visible path. We maneuvered around its girth and hiked up a few feet, finding the path by bolli light. Kirth started up first, the steep hill difficult to climb. Thorn-covered bushes slowed our pace and left thorns embedded in our clothing, causing an itchy irritation that nearly drove me to tears.
“Stop scratching,” Kirth whispered. “You’ll make it worse.”
I let out a growl as a bush caught my hair, yanking my head backward. “Why did they pick such a stupid spot for an outpost?” I get cranky when I’m tired, hungry, injured, and running for my life.
“Because no one would ever look here,” Flitwicket said, laughing and picking thorns from her own hair. “And they keep a couple of pegasi on site for emergencies.”
“Well, that’s cool!” Zach said. 
I was sure he’d used a Pegasus hundreds of times as he played the game. He probably couldn’t wait to see one in real life. Truth be told, neither could I. Ten minutes later, I got my wish. The magical beasts rested next to the camp entrance with their eyes closed, their coats glistening in the firelight. I stepped forward to touch one, but two dryad guards drew their weapons. 
“State your name and business!” one called out.
“I’m Kirth, pixie tracker for the Guild, son of the house of Oakenfield. I have just received important news. I need to speak with Trian, the sorcerer, immediately.”
The guard stepped forward, peering into Kirth’s face. “You may pass.”
We found the old sorcerer in a tent, getting ready for bed. “Why Kirth, my old friend, what brings you out this way?”
“We,” he pointed to all of us, “were privy to some important information this morning. The Legion plans to attack all major Guild cities at midnight tonight. It’s timed and calculated. You must warn the Guild!”



Kalika swore under her breath as she walked down the dusty path with her regiment, her hands gripping her weapons.
“What are you thinking, my silent friend?” Nona asked, stepping in beside her. Nona’s short, curly hair framed her face, bouncing as she marched.
“You don’t want to know,” Kalika answered. “What are you thinking?” 
“I’m thinking that since we’re attacking a rich halfling city, I ought to get some good loot! Hopefully, a new set of armor, and maybe a new knife.”
It was a typical answer from a typical Legion soldier, but Kalika wasn’t typical anymore, and she wished her friend wasn’t either. Should she confide in Nona? Should she reveal her true feelings? She was more than tempted, but remained silent as they jogged the dusty road to Stonehammer. All the while, her insides were in tight knots. 
Kalika wouldn’t be surprised if other soldiers felt the way she did. Most had families and would rather be home with them. Just because the Legion was formed of werewolves, ogres and zombies—who really were disgusting—didn’t mean they were all bad. 
Zombies were not true beings, but the living dead, resurrected after having lived a mortal life as a soldier. The Warlord paid his sorcerers to grow his army, and they did—in the form of rotting, honorless corpses, which were terrible to fight beside. They smelled like rotting meat, not to mention they looked even worse, with all that decaying flesh hanging from their bloody bones.
“Will our regiment be the only one in Stonehammer, or will others meet there to fight with us?” Kalika wondered aloud, figuring this was a safe topic to discuss.
“I think others will come. There’s no way we can take a city that size without help.”
“I don’t know,” Kalika said. “They don’t know we’re coming, and the Guild army is spread thin.” She thought of all the sleeping children whose lives would soon be snuffed out. The Warlord had ordered that no one be spared. Every step closer formed a hot knot of boiling acid in her belly. Her first visit to Stonehammer would be one of slaughter.
Just before midnight, the Legion army stopped, hiding in the trees on either side of the road, the tall iron gates of Stonehammer not fifty feet away. Two soldiers scouted ahead for sentries. Moments later, she heard the cries of Guild guards as their lives were ended. A small contingent of invisible maverick soldiers crept forward, scaling the walls quietly, entering the unsuspecting city.
The iron doors swung open, and the rest of the Legion army rushed in, bent on destruction. Most Legion patriots hated the Guild, deep running feuds and grudges grew, alive and well, and the Warlord seemed to do everything in his power to fuel those flames of hatred, to the point of spreading lies Kalika knew for a fact weren’t true. So this opportunity, for many of her comrades, was one of payback and revenge. She knew they’d show no mercy to the victims that fell under their swords. Not to mention the rampaging, raping, and looting that would surely take place.
Kalika heard the screams of fear as halflings woke to their worst nightmares. She ran deep into the city, hoping her compatriots wouldn’t notice her banging on doors and yelling out warnings. The Stonehammer citizens wouldn’t understand her language, but at least they’d be awake. If her regiment caught up, she would either feign injury or be shot dead as a traitor.
Stonehammer citizens rushed from their homes. They weren’t soldiers or fighters, but shopkeepers, bakers, and merchants. One short, rotund man charged Kalika, raising his fist. She blocked his slow, clumsy strikes without effort and without hurting him, swirling around the man, and flipping through the air in an arc, landing behind him. 
He turned on heavy feet, searching for her, but she hid in the shadows, relieved that she wouldn’t have to kill him. She touched her forehead and thought, “Conceal,” becoming invisible. The Legion soldiers would still be able to see her, so she would have to be careful, but at least she would be saving lives.
Creeping with her weapons out, she tiptoed past the man who had previously attacked her—close enough to smell the salty tang of his body odor. He rested against his home, panting after the exertion of their fight.
A werewolf soldier jumped around the corner, startling her. She almost yelped in surprise. He saw the halfling man and, without hesitation stabbed him through the heart, killing him instantly. The man slid to the ground, a fat stripe of blood staining the wall behind him.
Kalika paused in astonishment. The werewolf turned and charged after someone else. Suddenly, lights flashed on, and warning bells began to peel. Guild soldiers poured from the city barracks like a tidal wave drowning the enemy, but too late to save the hundreds already dead. 
Kalika pulled back, hiding in the shadows, refusing to fight these innocent, defenseless people. This wasn’t a fair, honorable battle. They should be fighting soldiers, not sleepy mothers and children. 
The Guild army rained down over the Legion ranks, slaughtering Kalika’s battalion. The cacophony rang in her ears like the banging of metal drums, and she covered them to drown out the cries of her friends, which she knew would haunt her for the rest of her days, as she was part of the reason they were dying. She was a traitor and could never go home.
She crouched in the dark, guilt eating away at her. She shouldn’t be hiding, letting her brothers die. But if she fought with them, she would die too and not be able to bring her plan to defeat the Warlord to fruition. She had to stop him. She would stop him. 
Her next thought brought her head up in a snap. “Nona!” Grabbing the cloak from a dead Guild soldier, Kalika wrapped it around herself and ran toward the fighting. The Guild had devoured the Legion army like gulls over locusts. She searched every lifeless face until she found her friend lying in the blood-filled street, her face staring blindly into the sky.
She stopped, staring, unable to move forward and refusing to move back. Blood had splattered her friend’s face, and Nona’s head lay turned in an unnatural position, her lips parted in an eternal scream. Slowly and gently, Kalika lifted her body and carried it to a dark, shaded alley across the street, and held her—smoothing her hair and closing her eyes. There she sat, rocking her dear friend’s body until the sun came up over the looming mountains.



Zach, Kirth, and I were assigned one Pegasus, as we were smaller, and Dardanos and Flitwicket rode the other. 
 I was not happy, and if you don’t remember the “walking up the tree to get trained” incident, let me refresh your memory. I hate heights. I avoid them at all cost. 
“I want to ride with Dardanos,” I said, stating my argument without having to come right out and tell the truth. “What if I slide off? He can hold onto me.” I didn’t mean to sound pouty, but I knew it came out that way, especially since I’d folded my arms over my chest like a petulant child. I admit, I was being defiant, but nobody really knew about my fear of heights yet, and I wanted the strongest person there to hold onto me. It wasn’t just because I liked him. Well, maybe a little.
Zach gritted his teeth, looking like he wanted to punch me. “We don’t have time for your theatrics, Lauren. Just get on.”
“No.”
It was Dardanos who finally talked me into riding with Kirth and Zach, promising to fly as close as possible. Kirth placed me between him and Zach. I hid my face in Kirth’s back pretty much the entire way, which was hard, because he was way shorter than I was.
Zach, on the other hand, let the wind whip through his hair as we all vaulted out over the deech field, my screams trailing in our wake. The flying horses spread their powerful wings and pumped them against the current. 
Zach whooped and hollered. “This is definitely the way to go! This is the best thing we’ve done so far!”
I disagreed.
The flight took over an hour, and we landed just outside Stonehammer’s high, protective rock walls. We didn’t even try to hide, but ran full speed toward the open gates. Realizing for the first time that Kirth’s war-pet had disappeared, and knowing we’d need its help in case we battled, I asked Kirth where his spider had gone. 
“I sent him away yesterday,” Kirth answered as we sped forward. “Giant spiders are too conspicuous when you’re trying to hide. I can call him back at any time, from anywhere in the world, with this whistle.” He held up a shining, silver slip of metal, then drew it to his lips and blew. I heard nothing, but within seconds Trilly appeared, eight legs spinning and fangs dripping.
“That is truly incredible,” I said, almost wishing for a war-pet of my own. Too bad priestesses didn’t get them. Only trackers.
We rounded the first bend in the city, just past the inn, and stopped in horrified shock. The streets were clogged with bodies.
Dead bodies.
Guild healers moved from patient to patient trying their best to repair the physical damage, but many people still lay moaning and bleeding on the wide streets. Flitwicket ran forward, her face grim, pulling out her medicine bag. I followed her, copying her every move, but feeling dazed in this immense sea of misery. I stared at all the wounded people, the metallic stink of blood coating everything. I tried to hold my breath, but felt my stomach twist.
Flitwicket placed her arm around me. “War is awful. Many go to battle thinking it will be grand and glorious. Death is not grand, nor glorious.” 
“I’ve never seen anything like this,” I said, holding my churning stomach. “In a game it seems harmless.”
“A game?” Dardanos remarked, shaking his head. “I know of no war game that is harmless.” 
I closed my eyes, trying to block out the scene before me. Glancing around, I searched for Zach. How was he taking this? He ran frantically, pulling the living away from the dead, laying them on the cool grass off to the side. He hurried from one casualty to another, trying to save as many as he could, never tiring that I could tell. Tears ran from his eyes though, dripping in a stream that he never bothered to wipe away.
Flitwicket and I joined him on the grass, trying unsuccessfully to heal them all.





I waited cross-legged on the crimson-stained lawn watching a drop of blood slide down a slender blade of grass. I had just closed the eyes of a little boy Flitwicket and Lauren hadn’t been able to save. So many dead children. I continued to wander around, placing magic bandages on everyone. 
The Guild cities had been warned, but not in time to save everyone. I had never seen anything so horrible, and I knew the lifeless eyes of these people would haunt my dreams for years to come, tormenting me with what-ifs. 
How would we bury them all? 
The sun rose high, beating down and warming the dead bodies that still lay strewn in the street. I tried to tear my eyes away, to think of something happy, but I couldn’t. I consoled myself with the thought that it could have been worse, imagining what it would look like if we hadn’t been able to warn the Guild, but… many people were still alive—all throughout the land—because of us, but that wouldn’t bring back those who weren’t.
I kept telling myself it wasn’t real, it was only a game, only a game, only a game. 
Why didn’t I believe that anymore?
“How are you holding up?” Flitwicket asked, plopping down next to me, her clothes stained a deep red.
“I’m okay, I guess.”
“This is your first time at war?”
“Yeah.”
“It never gets easier, but the first time is the hardest. The children are what bother me most.” She leaned close and covered my hand with hers.
“Yeah, me too.”
“You did well, Zach. You pulled those people out, and saved some I missed.” 
“Yeah.”
She stood back up. “I think you should go to Stonehammer Inn. It’s been a while since you’ve slept, hasn’t it?”
“A couple a days, I guess.” I stared ahead, tired and numb.
“Right. Go then. I’ll meet you there. Take Lauren.” She leaned over and offered her hand to help me up. 
I took it and pulled myself up. “Where’s Kirth?” I asked, rubbing my forehead.
“Burying the dead.” Flitwicket shrugged off her pack and left it on the grass at her feet.
Like a bubbling cauldron, a well of anger grew inside me. I wanted to hurt the Legion, hurt the Warlord. I wanted to cause him so much pain that he would never forget the name of Zachary Jon Marriott. He was the one responsible for this. How could anyone be so greedy? So evil? Why did he have to keep sending his armies out to destroy and kill?
Forgetting all about taking Lauren with me, I stormed through the streets, my hands in fists, my teeth grinding, and my fury mounting with each step. I turned a corner and noticed movement down a shaded alley, the outline of a woman lying against the wall. Was she hiding? Wounded? Dead?
I crept close and noticed she held the dead body of another, but it wasn’t until I stood over them that I noticed their dark skin. I stumbled back in horror, reaching for my sword and tripping in the process.
Drows! 
Once I regained my balance, my steps were slow, calculated, and a snarl of hatred formed on my lips as I prepared to kill the woman. I raised my sword, holding it steady, ready to strike. Everything inside shouted for me to do it—to end her miserable, evil life. But I stopped, noticing tears streaking down her cheeks. 
She glanced up at me, but didn’t try to escape. She didn’t even move to defend herself. Instead, she sat there defeated, holding the dead woman’s limp body in her arms. 
“Uh…” I couldn’t seem to hold onto my anger as I watched her. Without thinking, I reached out, offering to help her up. In that moment, a glowing, red medallion peeked out from inside her ripped armor, its gilded edges sparkling in the radiant sun. 
I jumped back as though burned by her touch. 
Her eyes widened, and she stood, trying to move away, but I caught her by the arm and yanked her roughly toward me, the dead woman’s body falling to the soiled ground.
“That’s my pendant!” I cried, the anger rushing back, filling me like a volcano ready to explode. All this time I’d spent searching, all the heartache we’d endured just to find this stupid trinket, and here it was. With my jaw clenched and my hands itching to destroy, I battled the rage in my heart, which demanded I kill this enemy. 
“Give it to me,” I ordered, a growl in my voice.



I held Kalika’s arm tight in my grip and squeezed hard, unable to let go. She stared right back, and seemed willing to die without a fight as she stared into my eyes, hers sad and defeated. She was a soldier, so why didn’t she defend herself? What was wrong with her? Something shifted inside me, and it was all suddenly very clear. 
This wasn’t her fault. She hadn’t caused this war or made the Warlord decimate the Guild cities. Instantly, it was gone. All the anger. All the hate. All the desire for revenge. Appalled by my previous violent thoughts, I released her arm and stepped back. “I’m sorry,” I whispered, knowing she didn’t understand, but hoping something in my expression would translate.
Her eyes grew wide. “Ub si sirtt,” she said, her eyes begging forgiveness. Slowly she pulled the bloodstained medallion from her neck, and held it out to me. 
Hesitantly, I took it, placing the pendant over my head, letting it rest against my chest. Immediately, its familiar pulsing warmed me, and I felt complete once again, which surprised me. I hadn’t realized how incomplete I’d felt without it, how much weaker and empty. I would never let it go again.
Glancing back to Kalika, I noticed how red and swollen her eyes were, and how haggard she looked. Without warning, her knees buckled, and her eyes rolled back. I caught her just as her face softened into senselessness. Standing there in the middle of a deserted alley, I stared at the limp body in my arms. Should I take her to Flitwicket or Kirth, or turn her in to the soldiers? Should I leave her here and be on my way? 
I made my decision without much deliberation, and carried the unconscious drow through the streets, trying not to drop her even though she grew heavier with each step. Onlookers stared, but I ignored them, my newly grown muscles straining and sweat beading on my brow as I huffed and puffed through the streets. Soon, I made it to the inn’s door, where a soldier stopped me. 
“No dead allowed.” 
I lifted my chin in pride and defiance. “She’s not dead. She’s a captured spy who needs to be questioned.”
The soldier hesitated, but ended up letting me pass. At the bottom of the stairs, I balanced Kalika on my bent knee and rested for a moment. The thought of hauling her dead weight up the stairs nearly did me in, but in one last explosion of effort, I carted her up to my room, and dropped her on my bed. 
Gasping for breath, I sat back, examining her face. Long strands of blood-caked hair stuck to her cheeks and armor. She had slender fingers and a lithe, strong body. I remembered how it had pinned me to the ground… her dark eyes and perfectly shaped lips… and then she killed me… minor detail. 
Exhausted, I decided to deal with her after some sleep, because the direction my thoughts were taking wasn’t good, and if I was anything, I was good… for the most part, but when I closed my eyes, it wasn’t pink fluffy clouds I dreamed about.



I was dreaming. I knew it, and even though it wasn’t real, I didn’t want to wake up. I was in the battlegrounds, fighting with the dark-skinned beauty, only we weren’t really fighting… we were… and it was hot and awesome… and then she started stabbing me in the hand, over and over. What the crap? It became a terrible burning that ripped through my fingers, and soon, it grew even more agonizing. 
Through the heavy fog of sleep, I opened my eyes. Kalika stood at the door, trying desperately to escape. Each yank on the string came close to removing my finger. She turned and tripped, falling over the taut cord, sending an electrical zap up my entire arm.
“Oww! Stop! Stop!” I screamed, scrambling up as she tugged for freedom, frantically, biting the string, trying to break it with her teeth. 
“Hold still!”              
Deftly, she grabbed my knife as soon as I pulled it from my hip, and instead of slicing through the cord, she stabbed me in the shoulder. I screamed as a new burning sensation seared through me, and tried to roll away. 
She lurched for the door and jerked the knob, but it didn’t open. I was so glad I’d locked it. I lunged for her, springing like a tiger, my body filled with adrenaline, and landed on her hard, knocking the knife from her fist. It slid across the floor and under the bed, out of reach.
I cursed under my breath, contemplating how I would subdue this madwoman. I didn’t want to hit her, punch her, or try to knock her out. It just wasn’t in me. I was only fourteen, after all, and not used to fighting so roughly with girls. 
I waited too long. The drow grabbed my wounded shoulder and squeezed, digging her thumb into my puncture wound. Instantly I fell back, weak with the excruciating agony. Kalika slid across the wood floor, her fingers searching under the bed, and pulling out the knife. She sliced the air inches from my face.
I sprang back, holding my arm and grimacing. It was over. She would kill me… again, because I couldn’t seem to move past the pain in my shoulder even to defend myself. I did the only thing I could think of: I simply said her name. “Kalika.” 
She stopped her attack and stared at me, her mouth opening into a tiny “oh”.
“I’m not going to hurt you.” I held my hands up in submission and backed away, showing her the string tied to my finger. Slowly, I worked it off and dropped it on the ground, showing her she was free to leave if she wanted.
We stared at one another, her eyes widening. But she didn’t make good her escape. She stepped over to me, and motioned to my injury. The one she’d put there, and then pushed my shirt off my shoulder and inspected the wound. She pulled something from one of her many pockets—a salve of some sort—and coated the damaged area. Immediately, the burning subsided and the cut sealed right before my eyes. 
“Sirtt fir gyrtubg tiy,” she said. 
I gazed into her dark eyes: liquid pools of chocolate—which is one of my favorite things to eat—her fingers still sticky with salve, and almost leaned forward to touch the smooth skin of her face. That was when the door flew open with a loud bang. Kirth and Flitwicket stumbled through with their weapons drawn, obviously having heard the commotion. 
Kalika jumped back in surprise, swirled around, brandishing my knife, and crouching into an attack position. I threw myself between my friends, my hands out on either side. “It’s okay! I found her and brought her here,” I said quickly. “She gave me back my pendant.” I pulled it out and held it up. The pendant glowed as it dangled in the sunshine.
Lauren and Dardanos pushed into the room behind Kirth and stared in obvious surprise at the frightened drow woman. 
“Who’s that?” Lauren asked. “And why are you alone in our room with her?”
I ignored Lauren and placed a hand on Kalika’s arm. “It’s okay, Kalika.”
Kirth glanced at the dark woman. “Wgat ys yt tiy qre diubg ger?” he asked, his face guarded.
With a stunned expression, Kalika straightened. “U vane ti warb abiyr ab qract.” 
Kirth stood still for a moment, thinking, wary, and then turned to the others. “She claims she tried to warn the city about the attack.”
“You actually think she’s telling the truth?” Dardanos asked. He glared at Kalika as though he’d like to run her through with his sword.
“No,” Flitwicket answered.
“How do you know?” I answered, already growing defensive of my dark warrior princess. At least that was how I was beginning to think of her.
“We don’t,” Kirth said. “But she’s part of the Legion. She might say anything to avoid death.”
“Maybe,” I answered. “Ask her why she tried to warn the city.”
“I’d still like to know what you were doing with her in our room,” Lauren added with a twisted grin. “Mom’s going to kill you.” 
“Qhiar di se jbiw tiyw qre twkubg te ftryeh?” Kirth asked.
Kalika answered in a long, drawn out explanation, staring hard at all of us in turn. When she finished, she stood proud and tall, awaiting her fate.
“Well?” Flitwicket asked Kirth. “What did she say?”
“Basically, she said after joining the army she was forced to do many heinous things she regrets. She wants to leave the Legion and defect to the Guild.”
“How convenient,” Flitwicket drawled, walking over to the window. She crossed her arms, sighing.
“Hear me out,” Kirth said. “She said she wants to bring down the Warlord, and has a plan to do it. She’s heard talk among her ranks that the Warlord is afraid of some disturbing presence in the land. Some prophecy that says it will supposedly end his reign of power.”
Flitwicket snorted. “She’ll say anything to protect herself. She can’t be trusted and you know it. We should turn her in.”
“I don’t think she’s lying,” I said. 
“Really?” Flitwicket whirled around to face me. “And how would you know that?”
I had never seen Flitwicket so defensive, so irritable. Why was she reacting this way? “Don’t think I’m being weird or anything, but… the pendant tells me she’s being honest.”
“The pendant?” Dardanos asked doubtfully.
“Yeah, somehow it talks to me. Well, it doesn’t really talk, but it sends me messages. I know it sounds stupid, but—”
“I believe you,” Kirth interrupted. “Things like that happen all the time with special… trinkets.” He stared fondly at my glowing medallion.
We stood in silence watching one another, no one moving until I turned to Kalika and smiled. “Tell her we believe her, and that she can help us find the Eye of Tanúb.”
“What?” Flitwicket exclaimed. “We can’t trust her! She can’t quest with us!”
Kirth ignored Flitwicket and translated the message. 
Kalika’s face changed with each new sentence, her eyes widening. In panic, she reached for my hands. “Wyt tiyr cabbir gi fri tge Eyoh dif Tanúb. Qtge Warkiard gad ue ub gus oisseb tuib.”
I turned to Kirth. “What did she say?”
Kirth’s face lost all color, and he stood motionless. 
“Kirth?”
Slowly, his gaze shifted back to me. 
Flitwicket ran to him. “Kirth, what’s wrong?”
Kirth shook his head. “Sorry… I… she said…”
“She said what?” Lauren asked, exasperated. She always got impatient too fast. 
Kirth’s eyes were far away, his mouth hanging slack. “She said the Eye of Tanúb is no longer in the Cave of Wonders. The Warlord has it.”
I jumped up, my heart in my throat. “What? Are you sure?”
“Yes, yes, I’m sure. He… he killed Tanúb, the Eye’s eternal guardian, and took the Eye. There’s no way to get it now. It makes him all powerful. It makes him… unconquerable.” 



We hurried to the castle keep where the magistrar of Stonehammer resided, and wound through a maze of halls until we reached the great room where the magistrar of the halfling city waited, his regal robes brushing along the floor.
Our little band of questers sat at a long table, the magistrar’s face grim. He glanced briefly at the drow maverick. “Tell me, Zach, human maverick, how you came to save this… this girl.” He gestured to Kalika.
I pressed my fingers on the table, leaning forward. “This drow is Kalika. She would like to defect to the Guild. I ask that you grant her request.”
“Hmm. And you believe her story?” The magistrar directed his question to Kirth.
Kirth cleared his throat and nodded. “She went from house to house during the siege saving Stonehammer citizens. I’d say that qualifies. At least for something.” 
“And you, Flitwicket?” 
Flitwicket hesitated, her eyes darting between Kirth, Zach, and Kalika. I caught her eye, begging with my own for her to say yes, my mind racing, wondering what she would do. Did she believe me? Could she believe that Kalika was really on our side? 
“Yes, Magistrar,” Flitwicket said finally. “I believe her story.”
“Very well. On the recommendation of such honored people, I will grant this request, but remember,” he said, pointing to me, “you are responsible for her.”
I nodded, not liking this magistrar. I did not have a good feeling about him, like a gnawing ache in my gut. There was something off about him, and even though the man was part of the Guild, he seemed shifty and deceptive.
“You mentioned being given a quest by the magistrar in Tardania?” The magistrar sat back and placed his hands in his lap, giving off an air of boredom. 
“Yes.” 
“I know Gloriella,” the magistrar stated with a thin smile. “If she sent you on this quest, then you must complete it.” His voice did not match the intent of his words. He seemed sarcastic, caustic, and irritable.
“The Warlord has the Eye. How do you suggest we take it?” Dardanos asked. He’d been quiet most of the time, sticking by Lauren’s side.
The magistrar shrugged. “That’s for you to decipher. But beware—whoever wields the Eye is unstoppable. The Warlord has not yet solved its riddle or we would see him on our doorstep.” 
The group went on to discuss matters of Stonehammer and the ongoing war with the Legion. I soon became bored, not really understanding the intricacies of it all, and because of one minor detail—I was a kid—they weren’t including me. I just wanted to get on with our quest. 
Taking a deep breath, I finally spoke up. “Hey, everyone. I’m gonna take Kalika to get something to eat.” I grabbed her hand and pulled her from the room before anyone could object.
“Wyer qre sy foin?” Kalika asked as we left the room.
I didn’t know how to answer, but kept pulling her until we were out of the keep and back at the inn’s dining room. Once there, we sat at one of the rough-hewn tables, menus in hand. She pointed to the picture of roasted lamb and potatoes. When the waitress came, I gave our order. We waited the next few minutes in silence.
I glanced up to see Kalika staring. She didn’t seem very old, probably no older than Lauren was. She gazed at me with luminous, sad eyes, and I couldn’t stand how forlorn she looked.
“Should we talk?” I asked with a chuckle. “Too bad you can’t understand me.”
She sat still, not answering.
I sighed and looked away, but turned when I felt her hand on my arm. She smiled, pointing at me and saying, “Zach.”
I sat up in surprise. “Yes!” I said, pointing to my chest, repeating, “Zach!” 
I then proceeded to point out everything around us, from the table and chairs, to the sconces and fireplace, giving each item a name. She repeated it all and was soon stringing together broken sentences. I couldn’t believe how fast she learned, how smart she was. We sat teaching each other until late in the evening. I didn’t even notice the passing of time. 



The next day came too soon. I lay in my new bed exhausted, sleep deprived, and achy after the last day’s events. I’d switched rooms, so Kalika could have my bed—which Lauren was just thrilled about—and now I shared a room with Dardanos and Kirth. I’d had to sleep on the floor, listening to my toons snore the whole night, and the only thing I wanted was to sleep longer, but the sound of splashing woke me. 
I rolled over to see a huge metal tub sitting in the center of the room, Dardanos, climbing inside. “What are you doing?” I asked, stunned to see my warrior naked.
“I’m taking a bath.” Dardanos’s expression had duh written all over it.
“Right now?”
“Why not right now? We’re leaving soon, and I want to be clean.”
I needed a bath too, and wished I had thought of it. Would there be time for me to bathe before we left? I hopped out of bed and pulled on my clothes, grabbing my boots to put on downstairs, but as I passed Dardanos, I stopped, stunned by the hundreds of tiny scars all over his body. I couldn’t help but reach out and prod an especially large one on his left shoulder. It stretched from his collarbone to somewhere beneath the water, white and shiny. 
Dardanos slapped my hand away.
“Wow,” I whispered. “Does that hurt?”
“No.”
“Dude, where’d you get it?”
“From battle, of course. How else?” He answered, irritated, and then sank lower into the steaming water.
“Touchy, touchy. How’s the wound on your back?”
“Healing.”
“Does it hurt?”
“Yes.”
“Can I see it?”
“No.”
“Why?”
“Zach!” Dardanos bellowed. “Leave me be! Please! Go do something else.”
“Fine!” I left and locked the door behind me, heading to Lauren’s room. I found her still in bed, propped up against a fluffy pillow reading. That was a shock. Lauren never sat in bed reading that I’d ever noticed. I was beginning to like this new Lauren, and hoped she’d stay after we went home… if we ever did.
Kalika sat curled in a nearby chair looking out the window. They weren’t saying much to each other. Language barrier and all.
“Hey, Kalika,” I said, waving.
She nodded, but remained quiet. What was she thinking about? Home? Her family? A boyfriend? 
“How ya feeling?” I asked Lauren. 
“Fine.” 
“Where’s Dardanos?”
“He’s taking a bath.”
“A bath?”
“Yeah. He needed a bath.”
“So do I.” She closed her eyes and turned her head away, sighing. “I don’t feel very good. I thought I’d stay in bed a while. Maybe I’ll have more energy if I do.”
“Yeah,” I answered, sitting down on the edge of her bed. “You probably will.” I gazed at her pale, tired face. What we’d went through… the wounded… the dead. It was enough to make anyone sick. A break would be good for her, but it seemed more than that. 
“Lauren, is there something else wrong? You seem… sad.” I know it sounded like a stupid question after all we’d been through, but I knew my sister. I knew her expressions, her moods, and I knew there was something more bothering her. In the past, she would have bitten my head off for such a question, but now? Now she was nicer, easier to be around.
“I am sad… a little.” She glanced over at Kalika as though she didn’t want to speak in front of her, and then looked back at me. “To be honest, when we first got here, I hated it. You know that.”
I did know. I remembered well. It wasn’t that long ago.
“And you remember when we first met Dardanos? He was so freakin’ scary.”
“I remember. But he didn’t scare me.”
“Whatever,” she said, rolling her eyes and turning away for a moment. “Ever since I’ve gotten to know him though, well, I like him… a lot. I don’t know why I’m telling you this. It’s not like you care.”
“I do too care,” I said. “I’ve always cared.”
“I know.” She laughed and shook her head. “But I mean in a nice way.”
I chuckled and stood to look out the window, glancing at Kalika. I smiled, resting my arms on the windowsill. The truth was that I wasn’t quite as bent about Lauren and Dan’s blossoming relationship as I used to be. There were times when it still bothered me, when I was jealous of the time they spent together, but overall, it was okay. Lauren and I were leaving anyway, so what did it matter?
“So, I was just thinking that this place wasn’t so bad after all.” She smiled with an uncertain grin.
“Are you serious?” I swirled around to stare at her. “You actually like it now?”
Before she could answer, a knock sounded on the door, and Kalika got up to open it. Dardanos stood in the doorway, wearing tan pants and a white, billowy shirt that opened at the neck. The contrast of the filmy material against his golden-bronze skin made everyone stop and stare. Dardanos’s wet hair hung to his shoulders in silky tendrils, and he’d shaved.
A soft “oh,” escaped Lauren, and I watched her eyes grow wide and her hands grip the sheets. Dardanos stepped in and sat down in the other chair, shy, like a teenager on his first date. Lauren sat straighter in bed, her face framed by a frilly, white nightgown with a wide collar. It looked like a pioneer dress to me.
“You look… wow,” she said in wonder.
He smiled, embarrassed. “You look wow, too. As usual.”
Lauren glanced at me. I knew she was about to order me out, so I quickly sat down at Dardanos’s knee. “So, how did you decide to become a warrior, Dardanos? Have you ever been scared during a battle? Have you ever died in the battlegrounds?”
Dardanos pulled his gaze from Lauren and smiled at me patiently. “Well, yeah, I’ve been scared, but not for myself. For the men around me, for the people I defended. I joined the army young. You see, the battles called to me, and I—”
“Zach.” Lauren interrupted, trying to sound pleasant. “Aren’t you supposed to take Kalika to breakfast and shopping for new armor?”
I never looked away from Dardanos who was actually paying attention to me for once. This was fantastic, and I didn’t want it to end. I’d always wanted to talk armor, battles, and technique with my hero. Now seemed to be my chance. “Nope. Kirth is.” I gazed at Dardanos with adoration. “Was it hard to kill the first time?” 
Dardanos chuckled and nodded his head. “Yes, actually.”
Lauren glared at me with daggers in her eyes, which I happily ignored. “Zach, I’m hungry. Would you mind going and getting me something to eat? I’m sick, you know.”
I looked away from Dardanos, almost growling. “We’re talking here.” She wasn’t really sick, just drained and tired, and trying to get rid of me. It had become a contest of wills, and I didn’t want to lose, even though I knew I would in the end.
“It’s all right, Zach.” Dardanos said. “I’ll tell you all about it later. Go ahead and get Lauren some food.”
I stood reluctantly, not wanting to leave them alone, truth be told. What would our parents say? It was highly inappropriate. I got up anyway, the peer pressure getting to me. At the door, I stopped, but Lauren raised her hand. “Zach, please.”
“Fine. But I’m coming right back.”



Later in the evening, I sat outside the inn on a brick wall, watching people pass. Kalika stood at my side. I couldn’t believe I was here, in my game, questing alongside my characters. The sun warmed my head, and I felt happier than I had in a long time. 
Kalika leaned against the wall, her arms resting on top. She turned to me, her gaze serious. “Zach, I go.”
My eyebrows raised in surprise. Surely, she didn’t mean what I thought. “Go? Where?”
“I go to Warlord.” She motioned with her fingers like they were walking away.
“The Warlord? Are you crazy?” I said in a panic. “No way! Why would you want to?”
She shook her head. After glancing at the sky and taking a long breath, she said, “Kirth.”
I hopped off the wall. I’d take her to Kirth if she wanted a translator, but I was not about to agree to her plan. We entered the Barter House and found Kirth buckling on a new set of armor. The odor of newly oiled leather soothed my senses, and I immediately felt relaxed and at home. 
We walked back to the inn and leaned against the rock wall where this conversation had started.
“You wanted to talk to me?” Kirth asked Kalika.
I stood to the side, watching, my frustration mounting since I couldn’t understand them. I glanced at my feet, frowning. Kirth gave me the short version without all the juicy details. 
“She says the Warlord is always looking for new serving girls. She wants to become one. If she can get close enough, she can find out his secrets. Once she has the information we need, she’ll escape. I told her it sounded risky and dangerous, that the Warlord has mind readers. But she would rather die trying than sit here doing nothing. She’s right, though. If we don’t stop him, he’ll move forward until every man, woman, and child of the Guild is dead. Plus, he has the Eye of Tanúb, which you need.”
I pondered Kirth’s words, rubbing my chin. “It could work.” 
Kalika smiled, seeming to understand.
“I think we should send a message to the magistrar in Tardania first,” Kirth added. “I think she should be aware of what’s going on.” 
“Will you tell the magistrar here in Stonehammer too?” I asked, my face lined with worry, and wondering if Kirth felt the same way about the shifty-eyed leader as I did. 
Kirth hesitated, indecision in his eyes. Then he shook his head. “I don’t think so. The fewer people who know, the better.”
My relief was audible, and I released a breath I hadn’t known I was holding. Kalika and Kirth split up, leaving me to decide whom I wanted to follow. Hmm. What a tough decision. I chose Kalika. We ran up to Lauren’s room where we found Lauren and Dardanos snuggled together in the big chair. 
I stopped, surprised, my lips automatically curling in disgust. I couldn’t even imagine wanting to kiss Lauren on the cheek, let alone on the lips. I knew she hadn’t brushed her teeth since we’d been here, and that’s just… gross! On the other hand, if I had the chance to make out with some beautiful… drow, for instance, I might take advantage of that. But Lauren was smooching my toon! 
Dardanos and Lauren looked up, blushing and embarrassed to be caught.
My eyes narrowed before I spoke, and I bit back what I really wanted to say. “Kalika and Kirth have hatched a plan, and we need to get going.”
“Oh. Okay.” Lauren seemed disappointed. 
Good. 



“So, how’re you feeling?” I asked Dardanos, as he sat down in the big chair to my right. I had never seen him so handsome, so… dreamy. In his armor, he looked powerful, fierce and beautiful, but like this, he was just plain gorgeous.
“I should be asking you that question.” He pulled the chair close, and took my hands, holding them both. “Lauren, I know it sounds stupid, but… I…” He shook his head, unable to find whatever words he wanted to say. It was all right. I was sure we were feeling the same thing.
I leaned back against the pillow and waited, my heart filled just by looking at him. “Just say what’s in your heart.” 
Smiling, he pulled me closer, but I was about to fall out of the bed, so I threw the blankets back and climbed into the chair with him. It was plenty big for the both of us, and this nightgown was as long and billowing as a nun’s habit.
“That’s just it, Lauren. I don’t know how to say what’s in my heart. I’ve never felt it before. I don’t know what it’s called.” He smiled shyly, and I melted right then and there.
“First thing,” I said, hesitating. “How old are you, Dan? I think it’s a detail I need to know before our relationship… goes any further.” It was a super-hard thing to say, because I wanted him for my boyfriend more than anything, but dating a way older guy just seemed creepy. And my parents would freak.
He smiled and sighed. “I’m nineteen.”
“You’re kidding.”
“Is that too young for you?” He looked genuinely frightened.
A smile spread slowly across my face, and I placed my hand on his cheek, wishing I dared to kiss him. “What a relief. And no. You’re not too old.” If he was older than twenty, I’d told myself I couldn’t have him. He had no idea how glad I was. A three-year difference wasn’t that bad at all.
“Good.”
And then he let go of my hands and brought his up to cup my face, drawing me close, until our lips were only a breath apart. I could feel the heat of his body through my long—and might I add, very thick—nightgown, and smell the clean, soapy scent of his skin. 
And then the spaced closed.
His lips were warm against mine, tender. In no way demanding or hurried. I threaded my fingers through his damp, wavy hair, holding his face to mine, never wanting to let go, never having felt like this before, and sure to never feel this way again. He was my warrior, and this feeling was better than any movie or storybook had ever described it. No romance novel could hold a candle to what I was experiencing at that moment.
And then it was ruined.
By Zach.



It didn’t take long for everyone to pack their supplies, and Kirth had finagled mounts for us to ride. I didn’t know how he’d done it, because toons—as Zach liked to call them—had to earn the right to ride a mount by doing advanced quests and battles, but I was grateful. Mounts would save us a huge chunk of time. And energy.
Zach was given a fierce-looking Niberean tiger to ride. Its sleek fur glowed in the sunlight like a mirage. Dardanos’s tiger was jet black and much bigger. I sat behind him, my arms around his waist, which basically meant I was in heaven. We’d become inseparable, and I couldn’t even tell you how beautiful he was to me now. 
That moment when he’d walked into my room, right after his bath…
Zach said nothing, even though I knew he wanted Dardanos to spend more time with him talking about quests, battle technique, and armor. I tried to be patient, but he was being a little punk.
Flitwicket sat astride a silver-gray stallion, its glorious tail brushing the ground. Its sparkling hooves glistened and reflected on the windows of the inn, and its thick mane fluttered in the soft breeze. Kirth’s mount had eight black, hairy legs, a bloated round body, and long yellow fangs that dripped with something that smelled like rotten eggs. I couldn’t understand his fascination with spiders. No one wanted to ride next to him.
“Where did you get that awful thing?” I asked, covering my nose.
“You like him? I could get you one if you want.” He patted the beast’s shiny black head. 
“No thanks,” I buried my head in Dardanos’s back, where the foul odor couldn’t penetrate. 
Kalika rode a timber wolf whose long, coarse hair was covered by a small leather saddle. Brilliant, white canines showed through the bridle, but it was the small, deadly eyes that concerned me. It was by far the most fierce and dangerous-looking mount. 
We left the city of Stonehammer through the front gates, the scent of flowers following in our wake. We galloped toward the southern mountains, hoping to make it to Glistendale by nightfall. How wonderful to not be jogging.
Zach told me he’d seen the city many times as he played the game, and was eager to be there for real, as it was rumored to glow in the noonday sun with the same brilliance as it did on silvery moonlit nights. 
We rode in silence and without rest all day, Dardanos and I whispering continuously back and forth about our plans for the future, things that couldn’t possibly happen, but I refused to think about that. I was going to let myself dream… just a little while longer.
Zach rode up beside us a short while later. “Dardanos?”
Dardanos glanced at him, then went right back to talking with me. We’d been discussing our favorite kinds of music. In that area, we had nothing in common. He’d never even heard of Katy Perry. I could tell Zach was unhappy to be ignored, and I felt bad, but not bad enough to do anything about it. 
“Uh, you do know that as soon as we get the Eye of Tanúb we have to go home. We can’t stay here,” he said.
Dardanos turned in his saddle and stared at Zach, his eyes unusually penetrating. “And you’re telling me this because… ?”
Yikes! That had to hurt. Dardanos knew Zach and I weren’t from around here, but I don’t think he realized how far we’d come, and that when we left… I’d planned on confiding the details, but hadn’t yet.
Zach shrugged, acting indifferent. “No reason. Just thought you should know.”
“Thanks, Zach.” I said, glaring, daring him to ruin things for me. “Thank you so very much.” I knew we couldn’t make any real plans to stay, that our parents were probably home, sick with worry. And then there were our friends, and school…
At dusk, we rode over a hill and stopped, staring down into a lush, green valley with Glistendale nestled at the center. The golden, setting sun cast a yellow-orange radiance, like lemon quartz, that reflected right through the transparent city walls and onto the water. It was the most beautiful sight I had ever seen. The two rivers wound around Glistendale like flaxen corn silk, wrapping the city in a satin ribbon. 
“Wow,” I breathed, stunned at the city’s beauty. “I want to live here.” 
“We can live wherever you like,” Dardanos whispered loud enough for everyone to hear. 
Zach turned in his saddle and glared. “We aren’t staying.”
I stuck my tongue out at him. “It isn’t your choice to make.” 
Zach was outnumbered, and no one else said a thing. Flitwicket and Kirth seemed to think Dardanos and I made a cute couple, and even encouraged us when no one was looking. Flitwicket had informed me that most girls here were often married by age fourteen or fifteen. The men seemed to wait until their late twenties or early thirties, which explained why Dardanos worried about being too young for me. Silly guy.
I turned my attention to the city before me, and all thoughts of Zach and leaving disappeared. There was something magical about Glistendale. Something that made my heart pound with happiness.
We raced down the dirt path until we came to the cobblestone entrance. A glowing golden path led the way in and paved the whole town. We slowed to a trot, as something here invited reverence as we entered the city single file. Zach led the way to the Glistendale Inn and stables. 
Upon entering the inn, the smell of roasted lamb and potatoes was so enticing that I tripped over my feet in my hurry to buy some. I couldn’t wait to pile my plate high, gorging my empty stomach. All thoughts of staying skinny or becoming a model disappeared. I was starving and it seemed like forever since I’d enjoyed a home-cooked meal.
Kirth walked up to the proprietor at the counter. “We’d like two rooms, please.” 



Flitwicket sat down next to me at the dining room table as I waited for my food. I had no idea where Lauren and Dardanos were, and I didn’t care. I was alone, just like always lately. Flitwicket folded her hands and smiled sadly at me. “Matters of the heart are complicated.” 
I looked away. “Right.” She had no idea.
“Don’t let it trouble you. It will end, and Lauren will have to pick up the pieces.”
I scowled, but her words intrigued me. “What do you mean?”
“Dardanos is famous with women. He likes to woo, but soon loses interest,” she said with a sad smile.
“How do you know this?” I asked, sitting up straight.
She sighed and stared into the dancing flames. “I speak from experience.”
“You’re kidding! You and Dardanos?”
“Yes, a few years ago. For a long time, my heart ached with rejection. Especially when I saw him with others.”
I couldn’t believe it. “I thought you were older than him.” I regretted my words as soon as I said them, but in my defense, I am just a stupid kid when it comes to love. I’ll admit that. 
A brief look of annoyance flitted across Flitwicket’s face, but she continued. “I am, but not by much. Dardanos is a fiery man, exciting and wonderful, and when he left me, my heart was empty—hollow. I learned a great lesson from that painful time.” She turned and placed her hand over mine. “A heart hungers for affection and is easily deceived.”
I stared at my beautiful dryad priestess, remembering when I created her, and how much fun she’d been to play with online. I’d kind of dropped her though, to create and play with Dardanos. I wondered if that had anything to do with her pain.



We have him, Your Highness. We have the Ancient, Vasu!” Daglas, the Warlord’s servant bowed low.
“Bring him in!” the Warlord commanded.
Vasu—aged and weak—was ushered into the Warlord’s presence and shoved violently to his knees.
“Well, well, well. What do we have here?” the Warlord murmured, stepping close to inspect the old man. “I thought you were dead. How is it you managed to escape my slaughter all those years ago?” 
Vasu lifted his head, his snowy white beard dusting the floor. “You’re not all powerful, David.”
“Don’t call me that!” the Warlord yelled. “Or I will kill you here and now!”
“I do not fear death. But you must. How many potions do you take to stay alive?” 
The Warlord’s face twisted in rage, his hands clenched in fists.
“Your reign is coming to an end,” Vasu said. “You know that, don’t you?”
Without warning, the Warlord raised his arm and slammed his steel-clad hand against the paper-thin skin of Vasu’s face. Vasu flew across the room, landing hard against the granite wall, his nose and cheek spouting blood. 
“Do not speak to me of such things! You are here for one reason and one reason only!” Hate radiated through the Warlord’s black steel helmet like a thick coating of poisonous tar. 
Vasu felt it wash over him in waves, like acid. He could hardly speak, his voice raspy, as he held his side and grimaced in pain. 
“I will tell you nothing. You lost that right long ago.”
“Oh yes, you will!” the Warlord snarled. “Guards, bring her in!” 
The doors flew open. A small wisp of a girl—her dark hair hanging in clumps—was dragged in. Her eyes radiated fire.
Vasu gasped, and climbed to his knees. 
The Warlord sauntered over to the captured girl, running a steel-gloved hand down her smooth cheek. “So beautiful. I should make you my wife.”
The girl struggled, and then spit into the glowing eyes of the Warlord’s helmet. 
“Lovely,” he said, ignoring the dripping saliva. “Take Princess Taylina back to her dungeon where she can await my summons. And clean her up; she stinks.”
The guards left, pulling the wriggling girl between them. 
The Warlord turned back to Vasu with an air of disdain. “When I heard you still lived, I had my men steal her away from her pearly Oakenfield castle. It was extraordinarily easy.”
“You’ll never get away with this, David. Evil is always defeated in the end,” Vasu gasped, still holding his ribs.
“The end is still very far away.” The Warlord waved his gloved hand and strode to his throne. He sat down, his back ramrod straight. “So, tell me,” he continued, “what is the secret to the Eye of Tanúb?”
“It’s unfortunate that I am the only one with that knowledge, isn’t it?” Vasu answered, gasping for breath. “And I will never divulge its secrets. You had your chance to apprentice long ago. Remember? You were offered the Pendant of Power.”
“Where is that pendant, by the way?” the Warlord asked, leaning forward. “I don’t see it around your wrinkled, old neck.”
Vasu ignored his question, remaining silent and breathing shallow.
“Keep your secrets, old man, but if you don’t tell me how to use the Eye, then you will watch your granddaughter—or is she your great granddaughter?—die… slowly, of course.”
“Do what you will.”
“Good!” the Warlord shouted, slapping the arm of his throne. “All the more interesting! We’ll start after dinner. My dinner that is.”
Two guards dragged Vasu back to the dungeon where they threw him into a stone cell. He fell to the unforgiving floor, groaning. When he finally caught his breath, he moved his hand over his broken ribs, healing them instantly. The Warlord should have realized the scope of Vasu’s magical ability. He should have placed him somewhere more secure. Someplace that inhibited magic.
Vasu stood on rickety legs, hobbling to the lone cot by the wall. He had no blanket or pillow, only a vermin-filled straw mattress, but it was enough for now. He sat down and wondered at the change in the world. Everything was falling down around him, but the boy was here and coming to the rescue quickly. The boy with a pure heart. The one who would defeat the evil that now permeated the land. The one whom he’d sent his pendant to. 
Thinking of his great, great granddaughter, he pulled himself up and ambled to the cell’s door. There was a small barred window, which he was too short to see through. “Taylina, can you hear me?” he called.
“I hear you, Grandfather!” she answered from the dark tunnel.
“My darling! It has been too long since I have seen your lovely face. How fares the family?”
He heard her tinkling laughter and knew she was unaffected by the weighty sadness of the cursed dungeon. “They’re well, Grandfather. We wish you’d leave the mountains and come home.”
He heaved a weary sigh. He was the last of the powerful Ancients. The last of those who knew the secrets of the Eye of Tanúb. It was a heavy weight to bear, but he must finish this last quest. It was almost over. 
Vasu moved his hand over the locking mechanism in the door and heard it click. Gently, he pushed the gate open and hobbled down the hall, searching each cell in hopes of finding Taylina. He found her at the very end. 
He moved his hand over the lock. It clicked open. She pulled the heavy door back and threw her arms around Vasu. They stood for only a moment, basking in their soon-to-be short-lived reunion.
“Hurry, Grandfather,” she said, taking his hand, “before the guards come back.” They slipped through the dark corridor together, Taylina with her arm around Vasu’s waist. “Which way do we go?” 
“Up these stairs.” He pointed up a long, stone staircase that wound through the darkness like a corkscrew. He couldn’t see the top.
Taylina’s countenance fell. “Oh, no! How will you make it?”
Vasu cupped Taylina’s cherubic face in his hands, gazing softly into her sky-blue eyes for the last time. “You must go alone, my dear.”
“No! I won’t leave you!” She grabbed his sleeves with a tight fist, refusing to let go.
“You have to. Fate has other plans for me. But don’t worry; I’ll wreak havoc before I leave this world.”
Taylina hugged the Ancient fiercely. “I love you, Grandfather.”
He hugged her back, fighting tears that threatened to fall. How he would miss Terratir and especially his family. “And I love you. Now, go!”
She took the stairs two at a time, glancing back once to wave, and then she ran on to freedom. He turned and lowered himself to the bottom step. “I feel your presence, Deemer. Come out.” 
“I await your command, Master,” the invisible servant murmured softly, always there with Vasu. He’d never left his side. Ever.
“Go, Deemer. Find this young man who will save us all. Bring him to me. Quickly, before it’s too late.”
“How will I know him, Master?” the aging servant asked. 
"He wears the Pendant of Power."



I woke happier than I had in a long time, and swore I could hear a choir singing. I stood and sauntered to the window, careful to step over Dardanos’s prone, snoring body. It was singing I heard! Outside in the square was a choir of young girls, all in emerald robes, raising their voices to the morning sun. 
I dressed quickly and ran down the transparent, winding staircase. It felt like walking on air, making me dizzy, but the sensation was so exciting, I ran back up and came down one more time. 
Flitwicket and Kalika were already outside watching the extraordinary vocalizing. There was no sign of Lauren. I wasn’t surprised. She never got up this early. She’d sleep until noon if our mom let her. I, on the other hand, loved to get up before everyone else. Stepping out into the sunshine, I let its rays rest on my face for a minute. 
We moved closer and listened, enraptured, until the music ended. Flitwicket caught the choirmaster by the sleeve as he was leaving. “That was wonderful!” she said. “How often do you sing like this?”
“Every morning,” he smiled, obviously proud of his choir. 
“You sound like angels,” I said, languid, feeling hypnotized.
“Thank you. You aren’t far off. These girls are priestesses in training. Part of their course material is to sing to the dawn every morning,” the choirmaster proudly declared.
“I wish we would have done that in Tardania when I was training,” Flitwicket mused. “I love to sing, but seldom do.”
“Ah. That is a shame. You should have studied here. This is the only school that has the tradition.” 



Kalika followed me around town without speaking. She didn’t seem happy, and I didn’t know how to ask her about it. I certainly didn’t want Kirth to translate a personal conversation, so I made it a point to smile often, hoping to brighten her spirits. It didn’t work.
At the corner, a beautiful shop caught our attention, and we all stopped to check it out. The building, made of rose crystal, was clear enough to see through. The counters and shelves were filled with colored glass vials of every shape and size. 
“An apothecary!” I exclaimed. “We don’t have anything like this where I come from. I’ve always loved apothecaries in the game!” I said without thinking.
Flitwicket gave me a perplexed smile, and opened the heavy crystal door. “Yes, Zach, it is wonderful. I think I’ll fill my bag with potions while we’re here.” She went from shelf to shelf, examining each bottle.
I moved slowly, carefully reading each label. Invisibility, read one, Increased Speed, read another. I touched each vial, burning the memory into my mind. They were all familiar potions I’d bought many times while playing the game, because they gave my characters an advantage during battle and questing. I couldn’t believe I was seeing them for real, and decided to buy a couple for myself. 
I came to a red bottle that proclaimed, Love. A love potion. That would be fun to have, you know, because there might be a girl out there someday that I’d want to… uh… never mind. The next bottle I saw would make you fall out of love. I was tempted to buy it for Lauren, because if anyone needed to fall out of love at the moment, it was her. She was making my life miserable with all her smooching and googly eyes for Dardanos. 
We made our purchases and headed leisurely back to the inn. I ended up getting potions for strength and agility, and Flitwicket had potions for healing and protection. 
Kirth stood outside the inn, next to his mount and securing his bags. “Would you all like to train before we leave?” 
“We’re leaving already?” My face fell in disappointment. I’d have loved to stay here for a solid week, exploring and studying the magical city.
“It’s your quest. We can go as fast as you want,” Kirth answered with a knowing smile.
I frowned, and my shoulders slumped as though weighted down with regret, which they were… kind of. “I guess we should go then.” This trip was going by too fast, and I had a feeling it would be over before we knew it.
“I want to train!” Lauren said, eager with anticipation. “I get into too much trouble otherwise.” She smiled and placed her hand on Dardanos’s arm. 
Gag me.
Dardanos laughed and gave her a squeeze. “You’re no trouble at all.”
“You only say that because you haven’t known her long enough.” I felt it my brotherly obligation to get it out there… so he could make wise choices.
“Thank you, Zach. Thank you so much. I really appreciate your kind words,” Lauren said, with a condescending smile.
With everyone going their separate ways to train, I decided I should as well. It couldn’t hurt, so I strolled past each house, shop, and inn. Not all were see-through like the apothecary, but they were all beautiful, like sparkling jewels in a crown. I wound through a neighborhood where the shops were tightly packed and each connected to the next. This was where another maverick trainer lived. But before I could even raise my hand to knock on the correct door, a hand grabbed my shirt and pulled me roughly back.
I yelped in surprise and twisted in my captor’s hand, freeing myself with a deft move I’d been practicing. I landed in a crouch, ready to attack, my dagger glinting in the sun.
A tall, black-haired werewolf in a long, yellow dress stood before me, her canines gleaming. “Hey, wait a minute! I’m not going to hurt you.”
“Right.” I moved back a step, wary.
“I mean it. This is my shop; you were just about to step on a mind melter I dropped. It takes three days to concoct, you know.” The female werewolf stooped to peel up a rubbery substance that had adhered to the gold flagstones. “It costs more than you’ve got, I’m sure.”
“You’re a sorceress?” I stood up, embarrassed. But she was a werewolf, after all, one of the Legion… usually. “Sorry about that.” 
“I completely understand. You don’t know me, and why would a werewolf live in Glistendale anyway, right?” She smiled, but it looked more like a snarl with her jagged teeth protruding through her black lips. “I’ve lived here most of my life.”
“Wow. Well, it was nice meeting you. I’ve got to find the maverick trainer. This is his cottage, right?” I pointed to the shop next to hers.
“Yep. That’s his place, but he’s not there. You could wait in my store if you like. Take a look around. You might see something interesting.” The sorceress turned and went inside her light-blue crystal cottage. 
I followed.
Inside, incense wrapped around me with smoky fingers, choking me when I took a deep breath. “What do you sell here?” I managed to spit out between coughs.
“Mostly tricks and pranks. I could have started a normal apothecary, but where’s the fun in that? I run a joke shop.”
My eyes grew wide. “Really?” I examined the items on the first shelf, reading each label. There were potions that changed your hair color or made it grow long. Lotions that made pimples break out on your face or made you fat for a few hours. One, if combined with water, doubled a person’s foot size. Each was a temptation. I could use them on Dardanos and Lauren. I would love to see her with giant feet! 
Whistles, joke books, candy, and other items hung on the walls or lined the shelves. All sorts of puzzles and finger games were displayed on the counters. It was kid heaven, and time passed without me even realizing. I fingered each ring, played with every toy like I was five years old. 
It wasn’t long before shadows stretched across the counters, and I realized I’d wasted the whole day—without training. I was going to be in big trouble. My friends were probably searching for me. 
“Oh no! I have to go! I can’t believe how late it is!” I hurried to the door, but before I could reach it, the werewolf sorcerer was at my side, offering a cup of hot chocolate. “How about a little treat to warm your bones before you leave?”
“I can’t. I have to hurry.”
“There’s no hurry.” She handed me the cup. It steamed around my face, warming my skin with a loving caress. 
“Well, maybe one sip wouldn’t hurt.” I was hungry after all, so I brought the mug to my lips. Warm chocolate swirled over my tongue, gliding down my throat like ambrosia. I moaned in pleasure and took another sip. “This is wonderful.”
“Yes. Drink more.” She brought me a soft chair, and I plopped down happily. Soon the cup was empty, and I handed it back with a dopey grin, never having felt so relaxed, so calm. Where did I need to go? I couldn’t remember, and it didn’t matter, because I liked sitting in this warm, comfy chair, and the hot chocolate—one cup didn’t seem like enough.
“Would you like more?” she asked.
“I sure would.”
She poured from a red ceramic pitcher that never seemed to grow empty. Cup after cup I drank, until the sky was dark, and the streetlights had been turned down. My eyes grew heavy, and all I wanted to do was sleep.
“I have a soft bed upstairs. Would you like to rest?” she asked, gently rubbing my shoulders and smoothing my hair, just like my mom used to.
“Rest? Oh, yes. I definitely need to rest.” How nice it would feel to lie down, to put up my aching feet. I followed the sorceress up the winding stairs, almost too sleepy to keep putting one foot in front of the other. The second floor had a small room with a cot, which I fell onto, falling asleep instantly. 



I struggled to open my sticky eyelids. A pounding headache thumped in my right temple, and I couldn’t remember where I was. I rolled over and fell off a narrow cot onto the cold, hard floor where I lay, face down, too exhausted to get up. Where was I? How did I get here? Where were Lauren and the others? My mouth felt like cotton.
“You’re awake,” I heard from behind.
I sat up slowly. A vaguely familiar female werewolf sat in a chair, holding a steaming concoction in her hands. “What an interesting life you’ve led.” She took a sip. “You may call me Malzareen.”
I stood on wobbly feet, grasping the wall. “I’ve had an interesting life?”
“Oh yes. Most eventful.” She moved toward me, her footfalls silent on the wooden floor. “Have a seat and something to drink.”
At her invitation, I remembered the delicious chocolate she’d given me. It had made me feel so relaxed. Had she drugged me? “No thanks. I need go.” 
“Ah. Well then,” she said in her smooth, silky voice. “Just rest for a moment while you recover.” Her dark eyes scrutinized my every move. 
Ignoring her, I stumbled down the stairs, catching my balance against the counter. “I can’t, and how could you know what kind of life I’ve had?” My mind still felt foggy, muffled, like I moved through a thick cloud of cotton candy. “You drugged me, didn’t you?” 
She followed, but ignored my comment. “You wear a valuable medallion.”
I sat down on the floor and held my head in my hands, trying to keep one eye on Malzareen through the pain. “It’s just a trinket.” 
“I think not. What would you say if I told you I know who it really belongs to?” 
“I wouldn’t believe you.”
“But you do. I see it in your eyes, maverick.” Malzareen moved to the window and gazed into the bright morning sky. “He was a great teacher, a revered Ancient. But why he gave you the pendant remains a mystery. Or did you steal it?” She turned back to me.
“I didn’t steal it.”
“I was his student once, long ago,” she mused, turning her mug in her hands.
I squinted, my head beginning to clear. “And I should believe you because…?”
“Because I speak the truth!” she spat from across the room. In three quick strides, she approached me. Reaching out with her long, black claws, she grabbed the pendant. Her fingers burned, the skin sizzling as her hand curved around its gilded edges. She let go with a horrified gasp, and stumbled back.
I grabbed the pendant, thinking it might burn me too, but it felt cool against my hand. I looked up, confused.
“It’s cursed… against me.” She whirled around, a snarl oozing from her yellow fangs. Step by step, she closed in. All I could do was watch. The chocolate drink had left me lethargic and unable to think fast.
“It’s mine! He promised it to me!” she screeched, her claws bared.
I could smell raw meat and blood on her warm breath as she loomed over me.
“I don’t know who you are,” she continued, “or why you have my pendant, but you will take if off and give it to me now!”
I wobbled to my feet, staggering backward, but caught myself against the wall. “I don’t think I’m supposed to.” I struggled along, hoping to reach the door before she grabbed me from behind.
She threw her head back and moaned in agony, her hands fisting at her throat. She fell to her knees in obvious torment. I stared in awe at the frightening sight. “You don’t even know what you have.” She groaned again, shaking her head. “Go then. Go and never come back!”
I wasn’t sure I’d heard right.
“I said, go!” She shrieked, pointing at the door. “Go on your impossible mission. But remember this: you will fail. I have seen it. Your bones will lie forever, bleached on the burning sands of the Legion desert!”
I flew from her cottage on wobbly legs, her words echoing in my mind over and over. You will fail. You will fail.



Malzareen’s words plagued me like a dark shadow as I hurried through the streets back to the inn. A heavy stone of fear weighed down my heart. Were her words true? Had she really seen the future? She’d known about the pendant and my mission. Why not my fate too?
When I arrived at the inn, my friends hounded me with questions, but I pushed past and hurried to my room, slamming the door behind me and falling onto the bed. I knew they were worried, but I was too exhausted, too frightened, to explain. 
For the first time since being in this magical world, I felt tears of failure sting my eyes. What was I doing here? I wasn’t a hero, and shouldn’t have been given this job. Incompetency consumed me. Why couldn’t Lauren have found the pendant instead of me? It had appeared there, out of nowhere, right on my desk after I’d played my Warlord game. My computer had flashed white with electricity that exploded around me, and I’d fallen flat on my butt in surprise. The next morning my computer was broken, and the pendant sat on my desk. I couldn’t explain it any more than Lauren could, so why me? 
“Zach?” Lauren called through the door. “What’s wrong?”
“I’m fine,” I mumbled into my pillow.
“Everyone’s worried, Zach. Open the door.”
I ignored her, turning over and pulling the blankets over my head. I fell asleep only to have nightmares invade my dreams. 
I stood on a lonely field. Dead wheat stalks surrounded me. The hazy, gray sky darkened, and thunder and lightning exploded in the distance. A cold wind blew, chilling me to the bone. I stepped forward dragging a steel sword behind me.
I came to a clearing, black from a recent fire. A huge man—bigger than I’d ever seen before—stood at its center, his eyes glowing red through thick, heavy armor.
“I am ready for you, Zach Marriott,” the nightmare said, his voice deep and threatening.
I tried to lift my sword to defend myself, but couldn’t.
The man laughed, swinging a four-foot-long double-sided axe back and forth in a figure eight.
My heart raced in my chest. How could I fight this demon? I was alone and had no powers. I took a step backward, wondering if I should run. The man lumbered toward me until he was only three feet away. 
“You cannot defeat me,” his voice rasped. “Do not even try.” 
I stumbled beneath my sword’s weight, and the man lifted his weapon effortlessly… and swung. 
I woke, sweating and gasping for breath, the sorceress’s words echoing in my mind. 
You will fail. 
I collapsed back to the pillow, sweating and shivering in my damp blankets, with a terrible feeling that I knew who the dark man was. Something warned me that I would meet this foe face to face very soon. How would I battle a man with such power? A man who had the Eye of Tanúb? 



I’m too tired to be mad. Once again, Zach stole my book, and I’d even hidden it in a really good place, but he’s right. The stuff he wrote was good… interesting… and necessary. I might even let him write again… but not in pen.  -Lauren
The next morning, no one said a word as we packed and mounted up. Kirth nodded, and off we rode. The next town was an all-day ride—over the hills. The terrain turned from beautiful, lush and green, to a dry, reddish brown. Trees became scarce, and cacti grew abundantly. I’ve always hated the desert, and Zach’s next words echoed my feelings exactly.
“I hate this place. I always have.” He sounded depressed, and spoke to no one in particular. 
“How do you know?” Kirth asked. “Have you been here before?”
Zach glanced up, seeming surprised that anyone had heard him. “Uh, well, No. I’ve just never been a fan of the desert.”
Kirth gave him a funny look. “There’s something you aren’t telling me.”
Zach frowned and stared at his reins, then took a deep breath “Back in Glistendale, a sorceress gave me hot chocolate to drink. I think she drugged me. She said she knew the man who gave me this pendant.”
“What?” I fairly screeched. “Why didn’t you tell me that?”
He ignored me, probably not wanting to explain in front of everyone. Kirth studied Zach as though he could see right through him. It kind of gave me the chills.
“Did she say who it was?” I asked.
“No,” Zach answered. “Anyway, she said she could see my future, and that I would fail on this quest. That I would die.”
Kirth nodded, deep in thought. “Zach, I feel I should tell you something. I don’t know quite how to say it, so maybe I should just come right out with it.”
I pretended I wasn’t listening, because it seemed like Kirth wanted to talk only to Zach, but I kept my ears open. I didn’t like being left in the dark, and I couldn’t count on Zach telling me later. Not with how weird he’d been with Dardanos and me lately.
“Okay,” Zach said slowly. “You can say anything to me, you know that.”
“All right.” Kirth straightened in his saddle and moved his mount closer. “I think I should be the one to wear the Pendant of Power.”
I nearly slid off my saddle. This was not what I had expected Kirth to say. I could see that Zach was having the same reaction. His mouth hung open, his eyebrows were stretched clear to his hairline, and he’d even dropped one of his reins.
“What? Are you serious?” he gasped.
“I trained to wear it years ago. The pendant has been in my family from the beginning. My grandfather created it.”
Zach looked as though he’d been sucker punched twice now. The pendant belonged to Kirth’s grandfather? 
Kirth continued explaining, oblivious to Zach’s dismay. “I think that maybe it was meant to come to me. I wouldn’t be on this quest if it weren’t for you.” Kirth turned to him with an embarrassed smile, but with an eagerness that surprised me. “I’ve been hiding from my destiny for a long time, not wanting to take up the mantle that was meant for me. I can’t help but wonder if you were brought here to help me see this.”
Could Kirth be right? Was that Zach’s mission? Maybe he wasn’t meant to defeat the Warlord at all. Maybe it was Kirth’s destiny, and fate had brought them together to accomplish it. 
“Uh, geez, Kirth. I don’t know. I don’t know what to think, but you could be right.” Zach said hesitantly.
“That’s what I thought too.” Kirth nodded and gave Zach an encouraging grin. “We were brought together to help each other. I’m sure of it.”
The more I thought about it, the more right it sounded. The pendant should be Kirth’s. But as soon as the thought left my mind, a dull ache filled my chest. How could we give it up? I’m sure Zach didn’t want to. It gave him confidence, a sense of purpose, a feeling of power. I’d seen it myself. Zach was a totally different person here, and I wondered if he was having these very same thoughts. I wished I could ask, right then and there. 
And what if Kirth was wrong?
“Would you like me to take it now?” Kirth asked him, stretching forth his hand. “It might be a good idea in case we run into trouble.” Kirth must have noticed Zach’s horrified expression because he pulled back, immediately contrite. “Oh, Zach. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to push you. Really.”
I could see Zach trying to pull himself together, that this was all happening too fast. He probably didn’t want Kirth to be mad at him either, or think he was selfish. He’d told me earlier about his crazy nightmare last night, and that it had made him begin to doubt himself, his mission, and his purpose here in his game. And worst of all were Malzareen’s words that I couldn’t seem to erase from my mind. I didn’t want my brother to die, or to have his bones lying bleached white in the Legion desert forever, our parents never knowing what happened. 
“No, no,” Zach said, “You’re right. It belongs to you.” He slipped the chain from his neck. “You should wear it. It’s only right.” And handed it over. Immediately, I saw his shoulders slump, and he looked incredibly fatigued. An incompleteness settled around him like a muddy aura, and I could tell he was very depressed. I wanted to put a reassuring arm around his shoulders, tell him he’d done the right thing, the unselfish thing, but I felt uneasy about it too. I couldn’t explain it, or put my finger on it exactly, but I mourned Zach wearing his magic medallion. 
“Thank you, Zach,” Kirth said reverently as he placed the Pendant of Power around his neck. “You’re doing the right thing. You’ll see.”
“Yeah.” Zach stared straight ahead. “So, did you know the werewolf sorceress then?” 
Kirth stumbled over his next words, seeming hesitant to answer. “Uh… no, of course not. I just remember she was a student of magic. She studied with my grandfather as an apprentice.”
I rode closer, so I could be in on this part of the conversation… casually, of course. “Huh. That’s interesting.” 
Zach didn’t really talk anymore, so I tried to hold up the conversation, hoping to learn something about this sorceress, but the conversation died anyway, and I let my mount slow, falling behind our tiny leader.
After a few hours of riding, Kirth turned in his saddle and addressed us. “The last large Guild city is only a day’s ride from here. Once we get there, you can all train before we enter Legion land again.” He wiped his forehead and smiled. He looked radiant and happy. Zach slouched farther in his saddle.
“Which city is that?” I asked. Dardanos had his arms around my waist, as he’d let me “drive” our tiger. I’d found it very exhilarating at first, but now my legs and backed ached, and I couldn’t wait to get off.
“The city of the pixies,” Kirth said with pride. “My city. Oakenfield. The home I haven’t seen in years.” 
“Wow! That is so cool! Is your family there?” I asked. 
“I don’t know why you’re so happy. It’s not like pixies are that cool,” Zach mumbled so only I could.
“Yes, Lauren. They are,” Kirth answered, speaking about his family, I assumed. I don’t think he heard Zach’s comment. At least I hoped he hadn’t.
“Are you married?” I asked, leaning back against Dan’s chest and taking a long swig from my canteen.
“I was once, but my bride no longer lives. She was killed during a siege on Oakenfield over fifty years ago.”
“Oh, I’m sorry.” I glanced away and didn’t say anything more. What do you say to something like that? 
Kirth waved his hand, like it didn’t matter anymore, and continued. “I have three children. Two sons and a daughter. They don’t know we’re coming, so let’s not waste time!” He threw his weight forward, and his spider clicked its fangs, springing ahead, its legs spinning like a pinwheel. Kirth laughed out loud, and his excitement was contagious. 
The desert gradually made way for tall, fat oak trees and swaying green grass. Patches of wild berries grew along both sides of the road, while squirrels and birds flitted through the canopy of leaves overhead. I loved how the branches created boughs over the road, shading us after our long day of riding in the sun.
“Oakenfield is lush throughout,” Kirth explained. “The pixies are proud of their vast green gardens. Our city is the most verdant of all.”



We rode straight through the gates into the center of town. Oakenfield was even more wonderful than I had imagined, but then, every city we’d visited had been. Ivy, with its dense green fingers, grew thick with white flowers over the walls of the buildings. Beautifully crafted stones covered the walkways. Flowers in a multitude of colors adorned every threshold… and the smell! The perfumed breeze was intoxicating. I felt drugged with my first whiff.
I said as much to Kirth. 
“You have been drugged, Lauren. The flowers have a magical effect on everyone, making you relaxed and happy. That’s why we plant them. There’s no crime in Oakenfield due to the flowers.”
“We need some of these where I come from,” I said, hoping they’d help Zach feel happy again.
Kirth led us to a quiet inn where we checked into rooms. “I’m going to look for my family, so I’ll see you all later,” he said with a wave.
A wide emerald lawn spread out before us, across from the inn. Children ran over its wide expanse, squealing as they played. 
“Oh, look! A park.” I clasped my hands with yearning. “I wish I had a good book. I’d lie down on that green grass and laze the day away!” I leaned on a fence post with longing in my tired bones.
“There’s a bookstore nearby,” Dardanos mentioned with a smile. “Want me to take you?” His eyes were soft as he gazed at me.
Zach took a deep breath next to me, and I waited for the rude comment I was sure he itched to say, but he ended up saying nothing. 
“I’d love it!” I answered, taking Dardanos’s giant hand in mine. We left Zach standing there alone. We walked away, gazing into each other’s eyes. 
As we walked into the park, I relished the feel of Dan’s large, rough fingers surrounding mine, his hard muscled arms hugging me from time to time. I mused on the thought that most girls here were married with a baby by the time they were sixteen, and if I stayed, I wouldn’t have to wait. I could be with Dardanos, and live in one of these beautiful cities for the rest of my life.
Shaking my head, I laughed at my silliness. No matter how much I loved Dan, I couldn’t stay. What about my parents? My friends? School? College? And on and on…
On the other side of the park, Dardanos led me through a low, rounded door, where shelves from floor to ceiling held hundreds of books, their colorful spines begging to be pulled off the shelf and read. I caught my breath at the sight and searched for romance stories—my favorites—reading a piece of each, wanting to pick the best for my guy and I to read together. I settled on one about a handsome prince falling for a lowly peasant girl. Clichéd, I know, but whatever. Dardanos paid for it, of course. 
We ambled slowly to the park, my head resting against his arm. I loved the way it flexed when he squeezed my hand, and I never grew tired of watching him. The crinkles around his eyes deepened when he smiled, and I loved to listen to his voice, deep and hypnotizing. The longer I knew him, the more I didn’t want to leave him. My heart ached at the thought of being separated. Would I find anyone who even compared in my world? 
Dardanos spread his cloak on the thick grass then straightened the corners, smiling the whole time.
“Dardanos, I… want to thank you for… well, for the wonderful time I’ve had,” I whispered softly. “I know it hasn’t been long, but… oh, this sounds stupid.” I couldn’t help the blush that crept up my neck and spread to my face as I lowered my eyes, feeling, yes, bashful. 
Dardanos stopped in the middle of the bustling park and turned to face me, his huge hands covering my upper arms. “Lauren…” His eyes were pained, yet intense, as he leaned forward and brought his face close to mine, his breath soft against my cheeks. I inched my arms around his neck until I stood on my toes. It closed the distance between us, and Dardanos pressed his lips against mine, his arms tightening around my waist. Nothing else in the world mattered—not even the bystanders’ whistles in the background.
I closed my eyes, soaking in the feel of him, surrounded by the sweet smell of flowers. How could I ever let this end? Never had I felt so much love for someone, and never had I felt so loved.
After a moment, we knelt down on Dardanos’s cloak, and I leaned into him as he cradled me in his arms, his chin resting on my shoulder. I began the love story we’d bought, reading out loud, while we enjoyed the quiet, comparing our story to the one in the book. When it became too dark to read, we left the park, hand in hand, walking through the candlelit streets, intoxicated by the verdant flowers.
On our way to the inn, I noticed an adorable cafe with wrought iron tables out front. Each had a tapering candle glowing in the center. 
“Oh, Dan. Let’s eat.” I pleaded. “This place looks so sweet. I want to make as many memories here as I can.”
Dardanos gazed down at me with loving eyes. “Lauren, you don’t have to go. Stay with me,” he begged.
I stared into his earnest face, his eyes begging me to say yes. He grabbed my hand and led me to a quiet corner behind the café, then reached out and pulled me close, crushing me against his massive chest. “Lauren, I’ve never felt this way about anyone before. Other girls are mere shadows in the night. You are the sun at noonday.” 
I giggled at his romantic words. They might have sounded like a stupid line where I came from, but when he said them… well, let’s just say my knees turned to jelly.
He knelt before me, perfume floating on the breeze. “Lauren, I can’t bear to see you go. Please stay and… and… marry me!” he blurted, acting as surprised at his proposal as I was.
Blinking rapidly, I tired to pull a breath past the huge lump in my throat. Instead, I choked, my face reddening in the soft candlelight. “Dan, I’m sixteen!”
“I know. You are getting old, but I don’t care. I… I love you!” 
I laughed. Yep. That was my reaction. I couldn’t help it. The whole scene was out of some classic romance film. On the other hand, I couldn’t imagine ever loving someone else for the rest of my life. I tipped my face up to his. 
“Dardanos,” I whispered fervently. “I would love nothing more!”



The barter house bustled, and we all took time picking out the best armor four ourselves, because since we’d trained, we could buy better gear with more enchantments. I looked for priestess robes that would give me energy, healing ability, and intellect. Dardanos bought new armor that glistened like gold, with matching gauntlets, helmet, and chain-mail pants.
Back at the inn, our friends were packed and ready to go. Dardanos’s gave me a lift up on our tiger, and then went back into the inn to get our bags. That was when it happened. All hell broke loose. Zach pointed at the huge emerald-cut diamond ring on my fourth finger. 
“Where did you get that?”
I covered my hand and pulled it close to my chest, but I knew it was over. Zach was going to freak. “It’s a gift.”
Zach’s eyebrows raised in speculation. “A gift? Who gives a diamond ring, just for a gift?”
“It doesn’t matter, and it’s none of your business.”
“Does everyone know about this?”
“Yes.”
“And?” Zach asked.
“And nothing. They’re happy for us.”
“Even Flitwicket?” His voice rose to a fever pitch. 
I scowled in irritation. “What about Flitwicket? She’s not my mother. I don’t need her permission to get engaged.” I turned away, searching down the street, knowing it was going to get worse.
“Engaged? You’re engaged?” 
“Well, that’s what a diamond ring means, Zach!”
“Oh, you’re dead meat as soon as we’re home! You’ll be grounded for the rest of your life!”
I narrowed my eyes and stared at him good and hard. “You’re so stupid, Zach! Stay out of my business and my way.”
“I think I should pass on a tidbit of information you obviously don’t know.” He said, grabbing onto my reins, venom tainting his every word. “Dardanos and Flitwicket used to be in love.” He stood back, his arms crossed, smug.
“You’re lying.” The feeling that spread through my body after he’d said those words… like a slow-moving poison, robbed my mind of coherent thought, my heart of warmth, and took away my reason to be happy…
“Nope. She told me so herself. He dumped her, like she was nothing, for someone else.” Zach sauntered behind his tiger, checking the saddle.
“You’re just saying that to be mean!” I could not accept his words. I wouldn’t. I didn’t believe him. How could I? Who would ever give up Flitwicket, and why? And if it were true, how far had that relationship gone?
Zach stopped what he was doing and turned with a sigh of exasperation. “No, Lauren. I’m not. But you need to remember that the whole world doesn’t revolve around you. There are other people on the planet. I just don’t want to see you hurt. That’s all.”
I couldn’t face him anymore, or the glaring sun, or the staring people. I ran back into the inn before I fell apart out in public. 



I raced back to my room and threw myself on the bed. Tears threatened at the corners of my eyes, and if Zach had wanted to ruin my day, he’d succeeded. His words still rang in my ears.
There was no way Dardanos had ever liked Flitwicket. She was older than he was. I tried to picture Dardanos kissing the beautiful dryad, and holding her in his arms, or saying the same romantic words he’d just professed to me.
I pressed a fist to my chest, trying to hold back the ache. So what if they’d loved each other? It didn’t mean anything… but if he’d dumped Flitwicket—who was practically perfect—would he dump me too once he got bored? 
A knock on the door startled me, and I quickly searched for a mirror. I did not want to talk to anyone. Even Dardanos. What would I say to him? I moaned in sorrow, wiping away my tears, and then opened the door. 
It was Flitwicket. What were the odds? Tears fell anew, and I turned away, unable to hold my emotions back. Flitwicket, who had been like an older sister, put her arms around me, and led me to the bed. She searched my eyes and smoothed my hair. All this time Flitwicket had watched Dardanos and me together, and had said nothing. Was she hurt? Jealous? Angry?
Flitwicket smiled sadly. “I have a feeling we need to talk.”
We sat on the bed, facing one another. I nodded and took a deep breath, hating uncomfortable confrontations like this, and I automatically leaned forward, my hair falling over my eyes like a shield. “Zach told me that you and… that you… and Dardanos…”
“Yes, Lauren. We loved each other once. Long ago.” Flitwicket wiped a tear from my cheek, her robes rustling when she stretched her arm.
“What happened?”
“This is not something you want to hear on your engagement day.” Flitwicket stood and walked over to the window. A slight breeze blew her white-blond hair, lifting the feather-light strands.
“I need to know, Flit.” My eyes pleaded with Flitwicket to answer honestly.
She turned, pain etched on her creamy-white face. “Well, if it makes you feel any better, he never asked me to marry him.” 
I nodded. It did make me feel better, and that was something. “Why did he leave you? You’re perfect.”
Flitwicket laughed. “Perfect? No. I wasn’t right for him. Nor was he right for me.” She came back to the bed and sat down. “Although the most famous couples here are a warrior and his priestess, and that is what you are.” She gazed into my eyes, trying to say what words couldn’t.
“So, you think he’s right for me?” I asked, knowing I shouldn’t, but desperately needing the reassurance.
“Only you can answer that,” Flitwicket said. “We should get going though, so dry your tears.” She smiled and patted my face. “Better yet, wash your face. You don’t want your new fiancé thinking he’s bungled things already.” 
“Thank you, Flit. For everything. For what it’s worth, I think you’re wonderful.”
“So are you, Lauren of Light.”



Kalika finished saddling up her mount. She took a deep breath and moved up to where Zach stood. “Goodbye, friend.” Zach looked hurt, but she’d told him her plan and didn’t want to change it now. It didn’t make this goodbye any easier. She leaned forward and took his hand. “I wait for you at Black Castle.”
“Okay. We’ll see you soon.” Zach’s eyes were downcast. 
She knew the young maverick had developed feelings for her, but that was all it was. A crush, and nothing could come of it. With a sad smile, she squeezed his hand, mounted her wolf, and then trotted away toward the sunset. 



After a few hours of hard riding, Kalika caught up to a contingent of drow soldiers marching along the road. “Hello, brothers. Where are you stationed?” she asked, falling into line.
“Over on the coast, but we’ve been called to Odiamus,” the soldier answered.
“Odiamus? The Black Castle?” Why were they going there? She couldn’t stay with this group. Riding with them would ruin her plans. She would have to hurry to make it to the castle before this troop arrived. “Good luck in your journey, and health to your family,” Kalika said, crossing her arm over her chest in the traditional drow way. 
The soldiers watched her pass. 
Once they were out of sight, she pushed her wolf, riding past dark until the castle came into view. Its dusky turrets stretched like shadows in the moonlight. 
A knot formed in the pit of her stomach. This would take all the courage she could muster, the bravery of a seasoned warrior. Steering her mount into the forest, she found a spot to hide. Taking the saddle and reins off the giant wolf, she set him free, then changed from her comfortable leather armor to a soft, light-blue, knee-length dress, something a simple maid would wear. She’d bought the clothes in Glistendale before they’d left, and was relieved to finally be putting her duplicity into action.
The dress floated around her calves with a soft whisper. She tied a white vest over her chest. Little black shoes completed the outfit. Kalika brushed her hair until it glistened like polished ebony all the way to her waist, then stashed her bag with her saddle, intending to come back for it later. 
She strolled leisurely toward the castle’s main doors.
A warm glow blanketed the countryside as the moon rose. The guards watched her approach. One dropped his spear, his mouth slack. The other stared in surprise. When she reached them, she gave a small, sweet smile and swished her dress around her bare legs. “Excuse me, gentlemen, I wonder if there is work available inside.” She lowered her lashes demurely.
“Uh…” the first guard replied.
“I… I’m sure… there’s something,” the second guard managed, almost dropping his spear… again. 
Kalika giggled, curtsied, and then passed by with a delicate wave of her fingers. The castle bustled with scurrying servants, and nobody paid her any attention. She waited against the wall, hoping for an opportunity to infiltrate. She spied a maid with a tray of food, rushing toward a winding staircase. 
She stopped the girl with the confidence of a seasoned spy. She’d done things like this many times. It all came back to her with ease. “Excuse me, I’m supposed to report to the Warlord. I’m his new servant.”
Relief washed over the maid’s face. “I’m so glad! I hate going up there.” She pointed up the flight of stairs. “Here, take this.” She handed Kalika the tray laden with food, then ran off.
Kalika took a deep breath, and then started slowly up, one step at a time. She had never been inside this castle before. Dark shadows writhed on the walls, their inky fingers reaching for her. An ambiance of evil permeated every black crevasse and hidden corner. 
At the top, she stopped on a landing in front of a large, open door. A long table rested in the center of the room, and a fire crackled on the east wall. The Warlord reclined in a large chair at the foot of the table, and he wore his steel helmet, his eyes glowing red.
With her best smile, she stepped into the room, hoping he would accept her. Her heart raced, for surely he sensed her deception. Slowly, she strolled toward the table and set the tray before him, her hands trembling. 
His head turned as he watched her. “Are you new?” he asked, his voice the deep pit of death.
She flashed him a smile. “Yes, Warlord. Is there anything I can do for you?” 
He sat still, staring, the moment stretching until Kalika thought she would scream. 
“Come.” He reached out to take her hand. “Sit down.”
Kalika felt waves of evil wash over her at the touch of his fingers, and the blood drained from her head, dizziness overwhelming her. The unusual energy that radiated from him blanketed everything, making her feel contaminated.
He pointed to the chair next to him. “You look faint.” There was a smile in his deadly voice.
Kalika balanced on the edge of the chair. “No, uh, just awed to be in your presence.” She forced herself to smile.
The Warlord leaned back leisurely. “Yes, many are affected this way.” He turned to his food, taking a bite through the steel helmet. They sat in silence, doing nothing for the next half hour. 
Kalika didn’t know what she expected to happen, but the quiet pounded loudly in her ears, and sweat soaked through her dress. Deciding to break the ice, she spoke. “Warlord—”
He stopped her with a raised hand. “Don’t call me that.”
Her heart raced, her body wilted. “What… should I call you?” she asked, her voice quivering. She hated herself for her weakness, but never before had she felt so cosmically overpowered.
“I want you… to call me… David.”
“David?” The room seemed so hot, so dark. She couldn’t breathe. She shifted in her seat. “So, David, I admire… your armor.” Kalika wanted to sink into the floor. What a stupid thing to say! She couldn’t think straight under his withering gaze. She had to concentrate or he’d discern her lies.
In interest, he leaned forward. “Do you? I designed it.”
“Really? It looks… powerful.”
“It is.” 
Because of his interest, she kept up the compliments, relaxing a fraction. Her only hope was to live through the evening. “Your presence is very commanding.”
“Yes, it is.” He reclined again in his seat.
“That’s wonderful,” she said. More and more, she wanted to escape, but could think of no excuse to leave. 
Once again, an uncomfortable silence prevailed until the Warlord leaned forward. “You’re a drow.”
“Yes.”
“I’ve always admired the drow people,” he said, barely moving. “So smart, so crafty.” 
Like gravel, his voice ground over her, squashing her self-confidence. “We can be, but we love beauty also. We create beautiful things.”
“That’s true.” Then, in a commanding voice, he asked, “Why did you come here?” 
Kalika’s breath caught. Did he suspect her deceit? Could he read her mind? Sweat trickled inside her dress, tickling and creating a maddening itch on her chest. It beaded along her upper lip, and she resisted the urge to wipe it away. “My Lord, my brother recently died in battle, and there is no one left to care for my aging mother. I had to find work.” She could hear him chewing behind the shiny steel helmet. With each crunch, she envisioned him having black, jagged teeth. 
“Hmm. Interesting.” Without warning, he stood, his body towering over the table. “I will retire now.”
Kalika’s hands clenched in reaction, her body flinching. “As you wish, My Lord.” She stood also, relieved and ready to escape.
“David. I said to call me David, but only when we’re alone.”
“Yes… David.” 




I galloped behind Kirth toward the Black Castle, frowning, my back tight and my legs flagging. After four days of constant riding, I yearned to move my body. Not to mention the fact that I was beyond depressed. I had not felt the same since handing the pendant over to Kirth, and my soul languished in the cold because of it. 
Shaking my head, a thought hit me, and I laughed, wondering why I hadn’t thought of it sooner. I had been trained for running, after all. I flung myself from the saddle, and jogged next to my startled mount, tossing the reigns over the saddle horn, and then I sped up, zipping past my friends. 
Kirth called out from behind, but I waved and kept going. Not even Kirth’s spider could keep up. The road stretched out in a straight line, so I pushed my feet for more speed. I was only a blur—a bullet streaking though the trees, and nothing could stop me.
I didn’t turn around for a good long time.



Deemer—Vasu’s trusted friend and servant—happily skipped along the dirt road. A cloud of dust rose in the distance; a party of travelers was heading his way. He scrambled to the side, making himself invisible. As the riders approached, he shrank back. 
“Werewolves,” he whispered in horror. The contingent rode at breakneck speed, their mounts panting with effort. This wasn’t the first group of soldiers Deemer had seen and hidden from. Many had passed, all headed for the Black Castle and all with deadly intent.
After the dust settled, the happy but wary little man continued on his way, having to hide three more times. He thought about his master, Vasu, trapped in the Warlord’s cold dungeon. Vasu was old and feeble, but his powers were greater than the Warlord’s. Still, he refused to act, waiting instead for the boy.
The boy with the Pendant of Power. 
Deemer followed his energiconometer. He had invented it himself, and it was the only one of its kind, consistently pointing toward the Pendant of Power like a compass. Now and again, he checked the coordinates to confirm he was headed in the right direction. If he kept going straight, he should meet up with the pendant shortly. 
While whistling a cheerful tune, a whirlwind of air spun him swiftly in a circle. He found himself facing the other direction, panting in surprise, the sun shining down on his balding head. 
In fright, he grabbed his robe, searching the road. He saw nothing unusual. A few moments later, a tornado of wind flung him to the edge of the road again. In his confusion, he almost forgot himself, becoming visible. He searched the road but saw no one. Throwing his hands in the air, he sat down refusing to go any farther. He’d let the Pendant of Power come to him instead. There was evil magic afoot on this road. 
A half hour later, he spied a group of travelers riding toward him. Still invisible, he ran for the trees. The energiconometer hummed, the dials spinning uncontrollably. Deemer jumped up and ran back to the road, not caring if these people could sense his presence. One of these travelers wore the Pendant of Power!
As they drew close, Deemer inspected each of them. The front rider was obviously a pixie, but Vasu had given his pendant to a human. Then he noticed the large warrior. He wasn’t the one. Too old. A beautiful dryad rode next, but it wasn’t her either. Vasu had specifically said, young boy. 
It had to be the blond-headed maverick hopping around the mounts with glee. He liked this joyful, innocent boy instantly. Sensing a kindred spirit, Deemer skipped forward, revealing himself. The energiconometer glowed and sparked as the group moved closer.
“Hi!” Deemer called, waving. 
Kirth led them forward slowly. “Hello yourself, brother,” he said with reserve. “What brings you so far out into enemy territory?”
Deemer smiled mischievously. “I seek the Pendant of Power.”
Kirth turned quickly in his saddle, reaching for his bow. He fitted an arrow, and aimed it at the pixie, all in a fraction of a second. “Who are you and what do you want?”
The humble pixie bowed. “I am Deemer, My Lord. And I told you, I am sent to find the one who wears the Pendant of Power.” Kirth froze, mid turn, his mouth open in astonishment. “Wait. Deemer? Grandfather’s Deemer?”
“The very same,” he answered.



With a clenched jaw, Kalika ground her teeth. For three days she had been at the Black Castle, and already she felt the smoky tendrils of insanity pulling at her. And she hadn’t gleaned any useful information. Taking a deep breath, she threw open the doors to the Warlord’s outer room and stepped inside. 
“Kalika,” he said, his bass voice rumbling like distant thunder. “Come with me. I want to show you something.” She had become his constant companion, always at his side. Kalika forced herself to follow with a serene smile. After stepping through the inner door, he locked it, and turned to face her. 
Dread crept through her with icy tendrils.
“Look!” He pointed at a glowing orb that floated over a diamond vase in the corner. “The Eye of Tanúb,” he uttered reverently.
“It’s… beautiful,” she whispered, drawn toward the rotating cerulean sphere. “How did you get it?” She yearned to reach out and caress its viscous face. A powerful energy emanated from the glowing ball, a power she had never felt before. It beckoned to her.
“I have my ways, but I will tell you this… I took it from the most powerful being in existence.”
“You mean… Tanúb? Its Guardian?” Kalika realized the horror of what he was saying. 
“The very one. She was beyond powerful, but in the end, I was stronger than she was. My cunning, greater than hers.” He moved close to the eye, his hand extended but not touching the glowing orb.
Kalika had heard stories of the mysterious Tanúb, this Watcher of all magical energy. If the tales were true, she was part creator of this world, part creator of magical essence. Through her “eye” she could see all, keeping the forces of nature and magic in balance. Kalika’s heart clenched in alarm. “What did you do?”
“I defeated her, or course. Killed her.” He stepped back, his hands clasped behind his back.
Kalika pushed her revulsion away, plastering a fake smile on her face. “I didn’t think the Eye could be touched.” She couldn’t rip her gaze from its hypnotic swirling.
“It can’t, but its base can be.” 
His whole bearing—his stillness—unnerved her. The dark helmet turned, and she knew he studied her. Chills rippled down her back, the hair on her neck rising. She wanted nothing more than to run away and never look back. 
Instead, she forced her feet to stay planted on the cold flagstones. Her mind raced, grappling for something intelligent to say. “Is it a gift… for me?” She made her lips form an adorable pout, hoping to mislead him from her true feelings of disgust.
“No.” He turned back to the eye, his bearing cold and distant. “I will harness its power for myself. It is not something to be shared.” 
Kalika felt slapped, reprimanded, like a child asking for candy. Unexpectedly, a blush of shame rose to her face, blossoming crimson, and she hated herself for feeling so weak and pathetic.



Deemer turned to me and waved me forward. “My boy. My journey has ended, and you are found.”
I leaned against my mount with my arms folded on the saddle. “I think you’ve made a mistake,” I said. “I don’t wear the pendant anymore.”
A confused look appeared on the pixie’s face. “I don’t understand. It was sent to you.”
I squirmed, feeling like an idiot. How did I explain that I had given it away, that I’d been convinced of my own ineptness? “Well—”
“I have it.” Kirth rose and came around my tiger to stand next to me. He looked remarkably regal despite his small stature. “Both Zach and I felt that his mission was to stir me to action, so I could take my rightful place as the next Ancient and defeat the Warlord.”
Deemer stared in shocked silence. “But… but, it is the boy who must do this!”
“Why?” Kirth asked with a dismissive shake of his hand. “It’s my responsibility.”
Deemer pointed to me. “But you’re supposed to go to the Warlord’s castle and take the Eye of Tanúb,” Deemer said. “You. If you alter that path…”
We stared at one another in silence. No one seemed to want to speak first. I leaned forward and rested my chin on my arms, watching the pendant dangle from Kirth’s neck. It was now Kirth’s mission to defeat the Warlord. I had thrown the opportunity away because of self-doubt. I was beginning to realize—since Deemer came along—that I’d possibly made the most catastrophic mistake of my life.
“But… what about the Eye of Tanúb?” Lauren asked. “If the pendant is so powerful, why do we even need it?”
Deemer took a deep breath as though he were about to explain something important to a small child. “The Eye creates magical energy, keeping good and evil in balance. Whoever controls the eye, controls that balance. The wielder of the Eye has power to… well, do anything!”
“I wonder why the Warlord hasn’t used it?” Flitwicket asked, her blue eyes glowing with eerie light. “He’s had plenty of time.”
“Only one person can,” Deemer said, his smile returning. “Only one person has the authority.” 
“Who?” we all asked at once. 
"He who wears the Pendant of Power."



Vasu lay in his cell, hungry, alone, and shivering. Deemer had found the boy. He could feel it in his heart. The boy would pick up the reigns of leadership and take Vasu’s place. Peace filled him.
The rattling of the cell door brought him up slowly. “The Warlord requests your presence,” a guard called.
“Of course he does,” Vasu mumbled. “Let’s go then. It’s going to be a long walk.” Vasu stood on rickety legs. “I need my staff.”
“I’m sorry. But you’re not allowed to have it.” The guard stepped forward and bowed, his face contrite. “My family has always revered the Ancients of both the Legion and the Guild. If they knew one still lived and I had not given reverence, they would be dishonored. It would be my privilege to help you.”
Vasu was humbled. “Young man.” He placed his hand on the guard’s head, “A blessing of prosperity I give to you and your family. The gift of compassion will always be yours.”
“Thank you,” the man answered in awe.
“You’re a drow, I see. I have always admired the drow people. But your skin is not as dark as most. I sense you have a human parent.”
The man’s expression fell in surprise. “How did you know? No one knows!”
“Ah, your secret is safe,” Vasu whispered, already out of breath. “It is your soul that matters, not your race.” 
The guard gave a relieved smile. “Thank you.”
“Of course, of course.” Vasu walked four steps then leaned against the cold, rock wall, garnering energy. “I don’t believe I can make it,” he said.
“It may not be dignified, but I could carry you… if you’re willing.” The guard stepped forward ready to heft the old man.
“I’ll take that offer. What are you called?”
“I’m Dalfus. Here, stand on this step.” Dalfus stood two steps down, and then leaned back while the Ancient climbed on. 
They made their way up the winding staircase, pausing frequently to rest. At the top, Dalfus set Vasu next to the Warlord’s thick iron doors and knocked.
“Enter!” 
Dalfus pushed the doors open and stepped back, allowing Vasu to stumble in alone. The doors shut behind him.
The Warlord sat on his throne, fully garbed in his armor, a beautiful woman beside him. Her long, dark hair and glowing skin were enough to stop a man’s heart. The Warlord leaned forward, his armored arm resting on powerfully muscled legs. “Now, old man, tell me the secrets of the Eye!” 
Vasu could barely raise his head. His long, white beard brushed his thighs. “I will not! Your evil choices pervade the land, causing death and destruction. Your own people hate you. I will not share sacred knowledge with you.” 
“You wish to see your granddaughter die?” the Warlord taunted, his temper barely controlled.
“You haven’t heard? My granddaughter is tucked safely in her own bed at this very moment. You must not be well informed,” Vasu stated. “That is not a good sign of loyalty.”
“Enough!” the Warlord roared, rising. “I did not bring you here to berate me in front of my future wife. 
“Future wife?” Vasu turned to the woman. “My dear, do not make a terrible mistake. This man may be pleasing to the eye and have power to be admired, but he will pull you down to the depths of misery and leave you there.”
“Shut up!” the Warlord bellowed in fury. He stormed over to Vasu, picked him up by the shirtfront and threw him against the wall. The force was so great that Vasu was knocked unconscious.



Kalika screamed in horror and hurled herself at the Warlord, kicking and punching his chest. 
He held her at arm’s length, calm, waiting.
“How could you do that? How could you hurt a defenseless old man! What kind of person are you?” she screamed, out of control for the first time in her life.
“The kind who wields power. The kind who rules the world! You would do well to calm yourself, woman,” he said, still holding her at arm’s length.
Kalika stepped back, her eyes flashing, her hands fisted, her chest heaving. She was so filled with fury that she forgot to be afraid—forgot to be careful. His words had ripped through her like daggers with jagged edges. Marriage! He’d never mentioned one word of marriage to her. The thought left her blood frozen. “I will not marry you.”
Before she could blink, his arm whipped out, his iron fist gripping her around the neck. “Yes, Kalika, you will,” he said with thundering authority, bringing her close. “It’s time I take a wife, and you’re it.” 
Kalika gasped for air, clutching at his fingers, her feet dangling. His crimson eyes bored into hers, unflinching, unrelenting. Her chest burned for air, and just as she thought she would pass out from lack of oxygen, he let go of her, letting her fall in a heap to the floor. He turned and stormed from the room, the iron doors slamming behind him.
With a heavy heart, she crawled to Vasu and patted his cheek. “Vasu? Can you hear me?” 
Slowly, Vasu’s eyes fluttered in a grimace of pain. He moaned, trying to sit up, running a hand over his hip. Immediately the grimace disappeared.
“You have powers!” she whispered. “Why don’t you use them?”
“It’s not my place, my dear. The mantle has shifted. He who wears the Pendant of Power must defeat the Warlord now.” He let his head fall back to the floor, spent.
“You mean, Zach?”
“You know the boy?”
“We can’t discuss this now. I’ll find you,” she whispered, standing back up.
The doors flew open and in stepped two werewolf soldiers. “We’re to take him back to the dungeon.”
Vasu placed his hand on Kalika’s cheek. “Be mindful of what you eat and drink. The Warlord uses potions to get his way.”
Before Kalika could answer, the guards stepped forward, lifting him roughly. She reeled back on her heels, fury growing in her heart along with resolve. She would stop the Warlord’s evil designs, even if she died doing it! 



I hid with the rest of my group behind the massive oak trees that lined the road next to the ominous castle. It was as close as we could get without being spotted. I wished I felt smarter and more capable, more of an asset to the group. “How do we get in?” I asked, no ideas coming to me.
“We wait for the cover of darkness,” Flitwicket suggested. “Attack while the castle sleeps.” 
“Maybe we should wait for Kalika,” I reminded them. “She’s in there. She said she’d meet us.”
“There’s no time,” Dardanos whispered. “She’s either dead or unable to come.”
My chest knotted. The drow was my friend, maybe even more than that, and the thought of her actually being dead wrenched my heart. “She’s alive. I know it.”
Kirth moved forward, able to hide behind smaller trees. “We’ll see, but I agree. We go in tonight.”
The sun descended in amber glory, lighting the evening sky until everything was painted gold. I had never seen such brilliance, and wished it would last longer—delaying the confrontation that awaited us. 
Too soon, darkness blanketed the forest. The shadows disappeared. Flitwicket and Lauren crept toward the castle, their wands pointed at a row of unsuspecting guards. “Collapse!” they whispered together. Instantly, the six guards fell to the ground, incapacitated. 
Dardanos, Kirth, and I followed close behind, our swords raised. We slipped into the darkened castle, our eyes darting from side to side. As soon as we got to the main keep, we spotted two guards reclining against the castle walls, lazy in their watch. They were soon disarmed and unconscious.
To our left was a tall turret with a winding staircase. Our little band filed up the narrow, stone steps. The halls were empty and quiet. 
“Should we explore these levels?” I asked, feeling more and more nervous as the seconds ticked by.
Stopping, we discussed our options. 
“Maybe we should capture a servant or a guard,” Lauren offered. “They could tell us where the Eye of Tanúb is.”
“We’d have to be quick,” Flitwicket whispered. “If they raise an alarm, we’ll be in trouble.”
On the next landing, just as we stepped into the hall, a maid bustled out of a room by the stairs. She froze in surprise, staring. Dardanos grabbed her, scrambling to cover her mouth, but he was too slow. She let out a piercing scream, and seconds later we heard the stomping of many feet.
Dardanos swore under his breath and pushed the maid back into the hall. She fell against an approaching guard and collapsed to the floor. Other guards ran up the stairs behind them. Lauren and Flitwicket pointed their wands at the approaching men. I stood between them, a short sword in each fist, my heart pumping wildly. 
There were too many soldiers to count, but the slamming of steel drove me to action. I turned down the stairs, jabbing and stabbing. Kirth let his arrows fly, hitting a man five yards down the winding steps. The wounded man fell with a cry of pain against his comrades. I stayed at Kirth’s side, hoping to wound anyone who came close.
A goblin pushed through, his long sword swinging at Kirth’s chest. I watched in slow motion as the goblin thrust forward. No way would Kirth be able to move in time. But he jumped straight into the air, twisted, and then ran up the wall. He maneuvered his flip so fast, with such skill, that I found him back on his feet at my side before I took a second breath. The goblin lay dead, his throat slit by the dagger Kirth held. Kirth shrugged and picked up his bow. 
A stout drow pushed his way up the steps, knives in each hand. His milky white teeth showing through a snarling smile. I balanced on the balls of my feet, moving from side to side, my eyes wide with anticipation. I wasn’t about to let him get the first thrust, so I feinted to the left and the drow countered me. I stabbed from the right, and the drow howled as a fresh blossom of blood grew on his shoulder. 
I crouched, shooting my left leg out in a sweep below my enemy’s knees. The drow tumbled, causing the soldiers behind to stumble backwards like dominoes, and just as I was about to stand up, chills shivered through my entire body, and I fell to one knee, unable to move, frozen. Literally. Beads of perspiration formed along my brow as I tried to stand, and the smell of sulfur filled the corridor. 
“Stop!” a deep voice thundered.
I struggled to turn, but my body would not respond. From the upper hall strode a man even larger than Dardanos, covered in steel armor. He wore a shining, silver helmet with deadly spikes that rose four inches at each corner, like a crown. His presence inspired a lethal awe, and I melted in fear before him. 
All waited silently—against our will—as he approached.
The Warlord stopped at the landing and stared at the intruders, his eye slits glowing blood red. 
Dardanos struggled to raise his sword. He swung in a slow, deadly arc. But the Warlord raised his armored hand, swiping the air, and Dardanos flew across the hall, hitting the rock wall with a grunt, then lying still. Lauren screamed, but could not move to help him. 
“Your measly swords do nothing but prick my patience. Throw down your weapons!” Our weapons instantly dropped to the floor. “And the knife, my dear.” The Warlord’s steely gaze turned to Lauren.
She reached behind her back, pulling out the knife Dardanos had given her. She struggled, not wanting to release it, her hand shaking, her jaw stiff.
“Lauren, let go!” I yelled, aching to help her. 
The knife fell from her extended fingers, clanging on the rough-hewn tiles of the staircase. 
“Good,” the Warlord said, turning to inspect the group. “Why have you invaded my castle?” 
No one answered. 
“Cat got your tongues?” the Warlord asked, an evil smile in his voice. “A night in the dungeon should loosen them. Guards! Lock them up!” He turned and stalked away, not once looking back. 
We were led forcefully down the cold, winding stairs, to the bottom, far beneath the castle’s keep. There loomed the dank, dark dungeon. Two werewolf soldiers dragged Dardanos’s body down and threw him into the first cell. Each took turns kicking his unconscious figure until they tired. 
I could hear Lauren crying. 
I had never been in a dungeon, let alone one like this, and I sensed an evil like I’d never felt before, an oppressiveness that absorbed all happiness like a black hole. The malevolent feeling slithered through my leather armor, and into my bones, causing intense despair. Fear swelled in my mind as I teetered on the edge of panic. 
The cell door slammed behind me with finality, and I jumped, startled, searching for the sconces that were far down the hall. There was no window, and the light dwindled as the guards walked away, their torches dimming.
Alone, I sat on the cold bench, my head tucked between my knees. A scratching from across the room brought my head up in a snap, but I couldn’t see anything. All my nightmares flashed before me as my eyes played tricks, conjuring monsters where there were none. I had never been so afraid.
If only I had the pendant. If only I hadn’t given it up. If only, if only.
After what seemed like hours of torment, I heard the click of my cell door. It pushed open slowly, white slender fingers curling around the edge. A ripple of fear slithered down my back, and I pressed closer to the ice-cold wall. 
A small blond head peeked in. 
“Kirth! How did you get out of your cell?” I jumped up, and ran for the door.
“It’s the pendant. I feel like I can do anything!” Kirth said. “It’s wonderful.”
I remembered. I’d had those feelings for a short while. With a sad sigh, I nodded. “Let’s get the others.”
We crept from cell to cell, unlocking each door, all the way to the last that housed Dardanos, who still lay unconscious. There was no way to carry him, but we couldn’t leave him either. He was our muscle and brawn… if he ever woke up.
As we debated what to do, I heard a soft plea coming from down the hall. “Wait,” I said, holding my hand up for silence. I heard the voice again, like the whisper of a feather tickling my mind.
“Where is that sound coming from?” Flitwicket wondered.
“This way!” I ran from Dardanos’s cell, down another long corridor, until the sound became clear. “Where are you?” I called.
“Here,” the feeble voice answered.
Kirth moved his hand across the lock, and the door opened. The pendant lit the room in a soft, auburn glow. A very old man with hardly any clothes and no blanket lay on the stone bed. I was the first to enter, unafraid, and I hurried to the man, taking my own cape and wrapping it around the elderly stranger. “Can you walk?” 
Kirth stepped into the room and immediately fell to one knee in front of the aged man. “Grandfather!” he whispered reverently, taking the Ancient’s outstretched hand. 
“Grandfather?” I said. “This is your grandfather?”
At that moment, the old man only had eyes for Kirth. Love radiated in his gaze as he smoothed the younger pixie’s hair. “How often have I thought of you? My heart has yearned for your company on many lonely nights.”
“Mine too, Grandfather.” Kirth’s eyes dropped to the floor. He rested his cheek against the old man’s paper-thin hands. “I’m so sorry I left. I was afraid. I wasn’t ready for what lay ahead.”
“Are you ready now?” the man asked in a gentle voice, lifting Kirth’s face with his gnarled fingers.
Kirth met his grandfather’s steady gaze. “Yes. I won’t run from my responsibilities anymore.”
The old man leaned forward, placing a feather-light kiss on Kirth’s forehead, and then turned to me, watching the exchange. “I’ve been waiting for you, Zach Marriott.”



Kalika rose as the Warlord entered the dining room. “What was the disturbance, My Lord?” she asked, even though deep down she knew it was her new friends coming to take the Eye of Tanúb.
“Nothing of consequence.” He went to the table and sat down, still in full armor. Did he ever take that helmet off?
“Was it the servants?” she persisted, wanting him to admit the truth.
“No. Just some intruders. I took care of them.” He stared into the glowing fire. “You’re safe.” After a moment, he stood, extending his arm and taking her hand. “Let me walk you to your room.” At the door, he gently kissed her fingers from under the iron rim of his mask. His soft lips pressed against her skin. Lately, he’d become more affectionate. 
She stared at his glowing-eyed helmet, and then closed her eyes, repressing a shiver. 
“Is something wrong?” he asked.
“No, I’m just unused to this kind of attention.”
He stepped back, dropping her hand. “I have sent an emissary to your village with the announcement of our wedding. Your mother will be here in two days’ time.”
Kalika reeled with shock, but was relieved she had stuck to the truth about her family. She never imagined he would test her story by looking for her mother or bringing her here. Everything was happening too fast. She didn’t want her mother in this horribly dangerous place.
“You’re surprised?”
“I am, but… what a wonderful surprise,” she lied, averting her gaze. 
He stood stiffly, watching her. “Well then. I’ll see you in the morning.” He waited as she slipped into her room. 
She listened for him to leave, and then locked the door. Her plan was spinning out of control. Somehow, something had to change. She couldn’t go through with this marriage! 
Hours later, Kalika lay in her warm bed, thinking of her friends. Were they in the cold, dark dungeon? Sliding out of bed, she wrapped a silk robe around her—a gift from the Warlord. She unlocked her door, grimacing as the bolt clunked from its slot. She waited, listening for his footfalls, but heard nothing. Pulling the door open, she peeked out, and then padded down the long staircase, quickly finding the tunnel to the basement. 
On and on, the stairs wound through the oppressive darkness. Halfway down, she lifted a sconce from the wall to light her way. A distressing feeling followed her, like a ghost breathing down her neck. She thought of all the poor men who’d been locked up here, starving and alone until they died. Melancholy filled her. Sorrow overwhelmed her.
She quickened her pace, her slippers damp on the stone steps. Finally, she reached the bottom. No guards were posted, and all the cell doors were open. She peeked into each room, hoping to find someone… anyone. Confused, she turned back toward the stairs but noticed a dim, red glow at the end of the corridor. 
Dousing her torch, she crept forward, wishing she had brought her dagger. The crimson light radiated with scarlet brilliance. She peeked in. “Zach!” she yelled in surprise, seeing him kneeling next to the aged man she’d met earlier.
Her friends gathered around hugging and asking questions. “Where have you been?” Kirth asked after a quick squeeze.
“My plan worked too well.” Kalika said. “The Warlord wants me to marry him, and has sent for my mother. He keeps me with him at all times!”
Kirth translated her hurried words. They stared, dumbstruck. 
“But he can’t do that!” Zach grasped her forearm.
“He can and has,” she said. “But he can’t know I’m down here, so I must get back. I just wanted to make sure you were all safe.” She squeezed Zach’s hand and smiled sadly. 
“We are, so be careful,” Kirth ordered. “We’ll see you in the morning.” 
She ran up the stairs two at a time, feeling anxious to get to her room. At the main landing, she slowed and turned into the kitchen at the last second. Leaning against a rough wooden table, she tried to slow her breathing. Then she opened the icebox, pulling out cheese and fruit. Piling the tray high, she hurried back to the winding stairs that led to her room. 
On the first step, she heard thundering footfalls rushing down. She shrank back against the wall, almost run over by the Warlord, his black robe billowing out behind him. He still wore his helmet.
“My goodness, what’s wrong?” she asked innocently.
He saw her in her robe, carrying the tray of food. “I… noticed you were gone.”
“I was hungry and thought I’d have a midnight snack. Want to share?”



I knelt at the old man’s side, my eyes wide with surprise. “You’ve been waiting for me?” 
“Of course. I sent you my pendant.”
Self-conscious, I stumbled over my words. “But why did you send it to me? So I could… help Kirth?”
Vasu’s brow furrowed. “No. But if you have helped my grandson in some way, you have my eternal gratitude, for he has a difficult job ahead.”
“Yeah, I know,” I said, my face downcast, finally understanding that Kirth would take Vasu’s place as the next Ancient—an honor that could have been mine.
“Yes,” Vasu nodded. “Being a magistrar is a difficult calling. It takes wisdom and fairness. I myself had that occupation for a long while.”
“Magistrar?” both Kirth and I said at the same time. The look of shock on our faces brought a chuckle from Vasu. 
“Of course. What did you think I was referring to?”
Everyone in the dank cell turned and looked at me expectantly. I tried not to wither under their gazes. “Well, Kirth taking your place as Ancient.”
Vasu reached a hand out to me, “My dear boy, that is not meant to be. You must wear the pendant.”
The open hurt on Kirth’s face was apparent to everyone. He reached up and placed his hand over the pendant, but didn’t utter a word.
“But why? Kirth is more qualified.” I gestured to Kirth, confused. “He’s your grandson!”
“It is your destiny to have it.” Vasu smiled and leaned back against the cold wall, sighing.
I leaned close so no one could hear. “My destiny? But this is only a game, right? None of this is real.”
Vasu searched my eyes, seeming to see right into my soul. “Are you sure? Or… is it possible that a doorway swings back and forth, letting us pass through if we are lucky enough to get caught in its grasp?”
“I don’t know,” I answered. “For all I know, I’m asleep in my bed right now, dreaming.” I stepped back and shook my head, confused.
“What does your heart tell you?” Vasu asked.
I was too tired and too despondent to listen to my heart. “I don’t know.” 
Vasu seemed to know what I was thinking and nodded his head. “You should rest and begin your attack tomorrow. A good night’s sleep will do you all good.” 
Our group snuggled together on the floor of Vasu’s cell, wrapping our cloaks around us. Before my eyes closed in slumber, I wondered what Kirth was thinking at that moment. Would he give up the pendant? Would he accept that his calling was not to be an Ancient?



Yawning and stretching, I slowly opened my eyes. Disoriented, I searched my strange surroundings. Black rock encompassed me, and I realized I was still in the Warlord’s dungeon. Pushing myself up, I wondered how late it was. Without windows, there was really no way to tell. I shook Lauren, who awoke in a groggy stupor. “Wake up. We need to get going.”
She rolled from her bedroll with a yawn. “I need to check on Dardanos.” She hurried to the next cell.
Flitwicket and Kirth had already awakened, acting as though they’d spent the night in the softest, warmest beds. They stretched, yawned, and got their things ready to go.
“How was your rest?” Vasu asked everyone in a tired, but cheerful tone. 
I assessed myself. Physically, I felt pretty good, happy even, although I wasn’t sure why. We’d face the Warlord today. “I’m good, I guess.” 
The others answered in a like manner.
Vasu nodded. He did not look like he’d slept well at all, but sagged against the stone wall. “Deemer, come out please.” 
Deemer appeared, smiling. 
“Where did he come from?” I asked, wide eyed and amazed. The little man continued to surprise me at every turn. 
“Why, young Master, I was here all the time. I’ve found it better to remain invisible for my own safety.” Deemer bobbed on his feet, his hands clasped behind his back.
“That is so cool! I can’t wait to train for invisibility. That’s one talent I don’t have yet.” I imagined all the things I could do back home with that one.
“You will. In time,” Deemer said, patting my knee.
But I knew it was not meant to be. More than likely, Lauren and I would not remain in this world. If we were successful in obtaining the Eye of Tanúb, we would return home. At least, that was my understanding. I had no idea how it would all work. Could we have more time here in Terratir if we wanted?
As soon as we rolled up our beds and strapped on our armor and weapons, we gathered around Vasu who addressed only me. 
“The first thing you need to understand,” Vasu began, “is that only the wearer of the Pendant of Power can handle the Eye. While wearing the pendant and holding the Eye, the Warlord will not be able to harm you in any way. In fact… he cannot even touch you. But first, you have to be holding the orb. Do you understand?”
Did Vasu think Kirth would give me back the pendant? If Kirth hadn’t by now, I doubted he would, and I didn’t feel comfortable demanding it. A feeling of unease incubated in my mind. 
“We have to find the Eye first,” Kirth said, stepping forward. I had a feeling he wanted to be included in this conversation. “And we won’t have much time to search.” 
“Follow your heart, and you will find the orb,” Vasu said to both Kirth and me. “Second, the rest of you will have no power against the Warlord. None. Do you understand? Don’t even try to fight him, or there’s a good chance he will kill you just to get you out of the way. Dardanos is lucky to be alive.” 
“What about you?” I asked the frail Ancient.
Vasu shook his head slowly from side to side. “This battle is not for me. I am at my end. I have waited only to see you, Zach.”
Kirth stiffened at my side, but said nothing about the obviously painful comment.
I knelt at Vasu’s side, my heart racing. “But we need you!” I couldn’t imagine going against the Warlord without him. The sorceress’s words still filled my mind… you will fail.
Vasu chuckled, covering my hands with his own and peering intently into my eyes. He whispered so only I could hear. “My son, do not be afraid. Believe in yourself. Believe in the pendant. And remember, you are the only one who can touch the orb. The only one. Do not try to hand it to anyone else. They won’t be able to help you.”
“But—” 
“Shh,” Vasu whispered as though comforting a crying child. “You know… what you… need to know,” he said, breathless, suddenly becoming increasingly fragile. 
“What’s happening?” Lauren asked, peering intently at Vasu, who had started to wither right before our eyes. 
Deemer began to cry and ran to Vasu’s side. “Do not leave us, Master. Do not go!” 
Vasu patted his servant’s head. “You’ve done… well, Deemer. You’ve been… a true… friend. Help young Zach…” 
Vasu’s eyes closed, and his hand fell to the cold, stone bench. He tipped to the side, his head lolling on his bony shoulder. The room became visibly darker, the shadows more threatening. Deemer’s wails echoed through the dungeon. We stood, encircling the man who continued to shrivel smaller and smaller, like a plum dehydrating in the sun.
Deemer wiped his face and knelt on one knee, Kirth at his side.
“What’s happening to him?” I cried, reaching for the Ancient, hoping to halt the dreadful degeneration.
“He is leaving this world, leaving behind his essence and magic in one small jewel. This is the way of the Ancients,” Deemer explained.
After a moment, sitting on the bench where Vasu had been, was a clear, white diamond. It sparkled even in the dim light of the cell. The others followed Deemer’s example and knelt, giving honor to the man who had lived for almost a thousand years. Deemer picked up the walnut-sized diamond and held it tightly in his fist, tears streaming down his cheeks.
“What are you going to do with it?” I whispered in fascination.
Kirth’s eyes were riveted to the jewel, appearing hungry for it, and I wondered why he didn’t just ask for it if he wanted it so bad. It was his grandfather after all. It would be a special keepsake.
Deemer ignored my question, but turned to the whole group. “You must hurry! There isn’t much time. Go!”
Deemer’s urgency sent us all out of the cell, barreling down the dark corridor. But before I could get too far, I was pulled back, my leather sleeve held by the tiny pixie servant. 
“I couldn’t give you this with Master Kirth watching. Quickly! You need to swallow it. Do you understand?” he asked with fearful urgency. “You must swallow it!”
I took the large, marble-sized jewel. “What?” I choked on the words. Who in their right mind would eat a diamond? I certainly didn’t want to. Wouldn’t it get stuck inside me, killing me in a gruesomely painful way? “Wow… I don’t know. I…” I backed up a step.
“Swallow it, Zach,” Deemer encouraged. “You were chosen.”
“But, why isn’t it Kirth’s?” 
“I did not make the choice, Vasu did, and he was very wise.” Deemer curled my fingers around the jewel with a loving expression, then smiled. “It’s yours. With this diamond, you will be endowed to become the next Ancient. When you die, this stone will house your magical essence also.”
I debated, thinking of all the reasons why I shouldn’t accept it. Would I have to stay in this world? Would I still be an Ancient back home? Would I be able to use magic in my world? Would I live for a thousand years? Did I even want to? The questions spun round and round in my mind. 
Then, taking a deep breath, and before I could change my mind, I plopped the priceless jewel in my mouth and swallowed, choking when it got stuck half way down. After a moment of panic, it slid the rest of the way and settled inside my stomach. Soon, warmth spread through my body like hot cocoa on a winter day. My whole being radiated heat from the inside out, and I no longer felt the chill of the dungeon. The task before me didn’t seem so daunting.
With a burst of renewed confidence, I ran toward the winding stairs to catch up with my friends.
“Zach! What took you so long?” Lauren complained as she helped Dardanos up the flight of never-ending steps. She glanced at my face, and then did a double take. “Hey, what did you do? You look different.” She peered curiously into my eyes. 
“His energy is different,” Kirth said, staring in shock. “Deemer gave it to you, didn’t he? You swallowed it.”


I didn’t know what to say. Did I really seem different after swallowing the diamond? I didn’t want to hurt Kirth, but I had to follow my heart. “Yes, Kirth. I swallowed it. I’m sorry.”
Something inside compelled me do what was right, and I had been chosen and brought to this world for a purpose. I couldn’t keep hiding behind the fear of failure. 
The look of utter betrayal on Kirth’s face was undeniable. “But it was my right. That diamond should have been mine. Why, Zach? Why did you take it?”
“I… uh…”
Flitwicket moved over by Kirth, who stood on the cold flagstone steps, and placed her hand on his shoulder. “My friend. You know it must be this way. We are all sorry for your pain, but we must each travel the path before us. We need you. We need your fearlessness and your bow. Are you still with us?” Her voice, so smooth, so warm, must have penetrated Kirth’s anguish, because he nodded his head. Then turned away to stare at the black-rock wall.
Flitwicket turned to face the rest of us. “All right. Are we all ready? We have a quest to complete.” 
“I don’t think I can,” Dardanos moaned, holding his head in his hands and rocking back and forth in misery. “I’m sorry.” His eyes were red and squinting. He looked terrible.
Flitwicket hurried back down to examine him, and then placed her hands on either side of his head. She gazed softly into his eyes. After a few seconds, Dardanos’s eyes cleared and his countenance shined. “My headache. It’s gone!” He jumped up and squeezed the dryad’s hand. “Thank you, Flit!” 
Every time something like that happened, I was amazed at the wonderful abilities my friends possessed. I was so glad they were with me, and because of it, we just might succeed. “Okay, gang,” I said. “Let’s do this!” I headed up the stairs, taking position as first in line. It seemed the natural thing to do. A shift had taken place. 
Kirth was no longer the leader.



Sunlight glimmered through the silk curtains of Kalika’s room. She rose, her heart heavy, and put on the new velvet gown the Warlord had given her. She hated dresses, but was expected to play her part as his fiancée. The whole kingdom was abuzz with news of the Warlord’s upcoming nuptials. The Legion was planning the party of the century for the two of them.
Today her hair was piled high with long ringlets falling around the edges of her oval face, because he liked it that way. She did look wonderful, but it didn’t matter because today her friends would storm the castle. She hurried from her quarters, and had just made it to the stairs when the Warlord stepped from his room. 
“Going somewhere?” His huge body filled the hall, the eyeholes of his helmet glowing.
“Oh… no, My Lord. I was just excited for my mother to arrive. I’m anxious to see her!” Her dress swished around her feet.
“She won’t be here ‘til tomorrow.”
“Oh… tomorrow? I thought it was today,” she lied. “Well, that’s all right.” She stepped back, unable to read his body language. Was he angry? 
Suddenly, the Warlord stood straight and still, listening. His muscles tensed as he pushed Kalika roughly back into her room. “Get inside.” He slammed her door shut and rushed down the stone steps, his heavy footfalls vibrating in her chest.
Inside her room, Kalika ripped the velvet dress from her body until it lay in tatters at her feet, then streaked to her closet where two days before she’d hidden her leather armor. Strapping it on felt like coming home. Having it next to her skin cleared her head and made her feel strong. She placed her daggers around her waist, and strapped on her greaves, then braided her long hair. She ran from her room and down the stairs, hearing a deafening commotion. After jumping to the landing she stopped, staring in horror. 
With one hand stretched forth, Kirth had created an invisible wall of crimson that held back the Legion guards, the medallion pulsing on his chest, her friends behind him. His face was a mask of serenity, his other hand aimed at the Warlord.
Why did he have the medallion? Wasn’t Zach supposed to be wearing it? Something was wrong, and a terrible feeling of foreboding welled in her chest. The biggest surprise of all came when the Warlord noticed her standing at the bottom of the stairs in her leather armor. He turned, completely ignoring Kirth and the four others. 
He stopped, still and silent, his shoulders visibly slumping. After a moment, he slowly reached up and placed his fingers at the bottom of his helmet. His fingers hesitated at the rim for only a fraction of a second. Everyone stood frozen, gaping. In one swift movement, the glowing-eyed helmet slid off. The Warlord stared at Kalika with soft, brown eyes, his pain at her betrayal exposed for everyone to see. 
And he was beautiful! And human! Long, honey-colored hair fell about his shoulders, framing his light, flawless face. A human was leading the Legion? Even the Warlord’s own soldiers quieted as they gazed in astonishment. 
Silence, in its oppressiveness, echoed off the castle walls.
Kalika gasped along with everyone else.
He reached out with a gloved hand. “Kalika,” he whispered. “Come to me.”
She took a step back, her emotions roiling in her heart. She couldn’t reconcile that this handsome man was the evil Warlord who led the Legion. “I can’t. I don’t want you. I never did.”
The sting of her words was evident on his face for only an instant before the Warlord’s eyes narrowed and a mask of rage slid over his features. His jaw flexed with fury. “As you wish,” he said, his voice dark with menace. 


In the precious seconds that passed while the Warlord was distracted, Kirth raced forward, a dagger held in his fist. I watched, immobile as Kirth sprang like a monkey and landed on the Warlord’s chest, holding onto him by the neck of his armor. Kirth stabbed, but before the knife came close to penetrating, the Warlord plucked the little tracker from his chest like a pesky gnat, and held him at arm’s length. 
“And what do we have here? A little bug?” the Warlord said with a chuckle.
Kirth swung his arms and kicked his feet to no avail. His talents were not for close, hand-to-hand combat, but with his bow, which the Warlord took and snapped like a twig between his fingers.
Kirth cried out as his prized weapon was destroyed.
The Warlord’s gaze fell to the ruby pendant that pulsed with life on Kirth’s chest. His intake of breath was audible. “The Pendant of Power. Is this… Vasu’s Pendant of Power?”
Kirth—who still hung from the Warlord’s fist—said nothing, his look of horror bringing a chuckle from his captor. 
“I’ll take that as a yes.”
With a nimbleness that belied his size, he snatched the pendant from Kirth’s neck and placed it around his own. “I know you, don’t I?”
Kirth glared, the hatred in his eyes undisguised.
“You’re that little brat I lived with,” he spat, staring at the pixie for a moment more. “Farewell, Brother.” He tossed Kirth across the room as though he was worth no more than a useless toy. 
Kirth landed hard and crumpled to the floor. 
I cried out, mortified, and frozen at the thought that one of my very best friends was possibly dead. How could this have happened? We were supposed to win. During raids in the game, everyone battled the “boss” together, wearing him down until he died. We couldn’t do that now. This was nothing like the game. The Warlord not only had the Eye of Tanúb, but also the Pendant of Power, making him unbeatable. 
Unkillable. 
Invincible.
It was over. We’d lost.
“What made you think you could defeat me?” The Warlord bellowed, his gaze falling onto me. “You’re nothing but children.”
“Not all of us,” Flitwicket said, stepping forward, her shield glowing. She held her wand up, and before the Warlord could react, she shot a powerful stream of blue electricity from it, hitting the Warlord smack in the face.
He stumbled back, stuttering and batting at the blue static. A few choice words—that were familiar words from back home—flew from his mouth, and I cringed at the Warlord’s crudeness.
“Hurry,” Flitwicket yelled. “All at once!”
Like a slow motion movie, I watched Dardanos pull his broadsword from its sheath and step forward, ready to deal a deadly blow across the Warlord’s neck. At the same time, Lauren shot a spell from her wand. I grabbed my daggers and leaped at the Warlord without a second thought. 
If my friends had the courage to continue in the face of death, so did I. I landed on the Warlord’s back, trying to thrust my knife into the giant’s back, but my weapons weren’t powerful enough to slice the enchanted armor. With a shrug of the Warlord’s shoulders, I fell to the floor. 
Pain arced through my belly as he kicked me in the stomach with his powerfully armored foot. Gasping for breath, I watched as the Warlord battled with Dardanos, sword to sword. In dread, I realized the Warlord was only toying with Dardanos. There was no way my friend would win.
Each of Dardanos’s thrusts was dodged with ease. Each block pushed him farther back, and he looked ready to collapse. The Warlord wasn’t even breathing heavily, and would soon tire of this game, and kill us all. 
But a plan began to form in my mind. If I could just get the pendant back…
Pulling myself to a crouch, I took a deep breath, mentally psyching myself up. With one last prayer in my heart, I charged, a howl of outrage bursting from my mouth. Once again, I launched myself into the air, kicked out with my foot, connecting with the Warlord’s chin.
His head snapped back. 
I crooked my arm around his huge neck, and stopped my flight, flinging myself, onto his back. Brandishing my knife, I stabbed, but instead of the blade sinking into his flesh, it stopped because the Warlord’s fierce grip on my wrist.
I hung from his fist, just as Kirth had, the steel metal gloves digging into my arm. “You. Are. Dead,” he growled. “You are all dead.” His other hand shot out with lightening speed, grasping me around the neck. He rose to his full height with a roar of rage. 
I hung, my feet dangling, struggling to pry away the Warlord’s steel fingers, which continued to squeeze with terrible force. I knew at any moment my neck would snap, just as easily as Kirth’s bow. I couldn’t breathe—my lungs burned, and when I kicked at the Warlord’s armor, nothing happened. Nothing affected the giant, vile man. 
The Warlord held the others at bay with a glowing, blood-red barrier similar to the one Kirth had made. “I feel the pendant’s power radiating through me!” he bellowed in triumph. “Nothing can stop me!”
My friends looked on in dismay. We had lost. We were no match for him. All of this was for nothing. But then… I felt a surge of power… that began in my gut… and passed through my mind, making my blood pulse. 
At the time, I was pretty sure it was a lack of oxygen, but a split second later, I knew it was Vasu’s life force flowing through me—all the way to my fingertips. Knowledge of the past filled my mind, downloading into my brain like a computer program. I saw the history of this world—the land of Terratir—unfold, past leaders ravaging the land, battles won and lost by both the Guild and the Legion. 
I saw David as a young man in Kirth’s house, studying with Vasu, rebelling and becoming the Warlord, which made me blink in astonishment, and in that moment, I knew what to do. But I had to hurry as my vision was darkening, and my body was growing weak with the lack of oxygen. I was slipping into unconsciousness. 
From somewhere far away, I heard Lauren scream my name. Ignoring my fear and the agony of choking to death, I reached out—my eyes bulging—and grasped the Pendant of Power, flicking the chain over the Warlord’s head, and letting it fall down over my own. 
For an instant, all stood still in astonishment. Even the Warlord. 
I shoved with both feet, breaking the Warlord’s grasp, and flipped in a somersault, landing on my feet with ease. I dashed from the room before anyone could react, and ran up the winding staircase, using my gift of speed. 
The Eye of Tanúb called to me with a song of angelic beauty. I could hear it as though a symphony played inside my mind, and I was drawn to it, just as Vasu had predicted. An old, worn door at the far side of the hall beckoned. I sped across the wide expanse, hurtling myself over the table and through the opening, and slamming the door shut behind me. There, in the corner, swirled the Eye, shining brilliantly in the morning sun over its diamond vase. 
It appeared slick, yet no water dripped from its viscous surface. I stepped forward, grasping the eight-inch sphere in my hands. Its weight surprised me, kind of reminding me of a bowling ball. Only this orb was beautiful and emanated power unlike anything I’d ever felt before. It filled me to bursting.
Before I could move, the Warlord entered the room in a rage. Seeing that I held the orb, his expression quickly morphed into one of astonishment. “What… how…? How can you hold the Eye?” he asked, his mouth slack.
“Because I wear the Pendant of Power.” 
The Warlord stood with his hands in fists, his teeth grinding.
“Yes, Warlord. The Pendant of Power is the only thing that makes handling the Eye possible. You didn’t know that, did you?” I said, with a sly smile. This was beginning to feel good. “And you know what’s funny? You were offered it once. You had the chance to learn the pendant’s secrets. Instead, you let pride and greed take over your life.”
The Warlord growled in rage, racing forward, out of control. As his fingers brushed the Eye’s surface, he was thrown back with terrible force, slamming into the far wall, stunned. 
I stepped around him. “You can’t touch the Eye, David. You don’t wear the pendant.” I felt energy course through my body like hot, liquid fire, fueling my mind and muscles.
“Give me that pendant!” The Warlord shrieked, stretching out his hand. A bolt of mystic lightening shot toward my chest. 
I staggered back, flailing, but managed to hold onto the orb, barely. I quickly realized the spell had not harmed me, for I had a shield of my own. I was untouchable. Just as Vasu had promised.
“I may not be able to hurt you, boy, but I can stop you! I rule this world!” The Warlord rose to his feet, towering over me. 
My friends barreled into the room.
And that is when doubt reared its ugly head, and dread filled me.
The Warlord’s eyes closed to slits as he read my expression. In one swift movement, the Warlord reached out, grabbing Lauren and pulling her tight against his chest, his steel-gloved hand squeezing her throat.
“Let her go!” I shouted manically. Lauren touched her forehead, immediately surrounded by her shield. 
Dardanos raced forward, plowing into the Warlord, knocking him off balance and pushing Lauren to safety. He straddled the Warlord and punched him hard in the face. The Warlord lifted himself from the ground and shoved Dardanos away as though he were a small child. Dardanos landed hard, the breath knocked from him. He lay, stunned, on the floor at the Warlord’s feet. A flash of light burst through the room as Flitwicket shot a spell from her wand, but it glanced off him like nothing.
“Stop! Remember what Vasu said! You can’t fight him,” I cried.
“That’s right,” the Warlord confirmed. “Listen to your little friend, and you may survive this day.” 
He lifted his hand and glared at Dardanos, who lay on the floor, still gasping for breath. “But you won’t. You’ve worn out your welcome.” The Warlord raised his fist. It glowed blood red as power tightened into a deadly sphere in the center of his palm, spitting static around his fingers in a spell that would not only kill the prone warrior, but would surely obliterate him. Lauren shrieked, diving on top of Dardanos to shield him.
“No!” Kalika screamed, running forward and throwing herself at the Warlord. But the spell had already left his hand. The fiery blast intended for Dardanos could not be stopped. It streaked on its deadly path… through Kalika’s body. 
Time ceased. The only thing I could hear was the rushing force of my pulse. Kalika stared into the Warlord’s light-brown eyes, clinging to his cold, unyielding armor. Her knees gave out, and her eyes glassed over before she could even utter a word. 
The Warlord gasped, clutching her around the waist, his expression a mask of horror. With slumped shoulders, he pulled Kalika to him in an agonized embrace, holding her tight and falling to one knee.
I couldn’t move, and my mind went blank. Kalika… dead? It wasn’t possible! The Eye dropped from my numb fingers, bounced once, then rolled slowly toward the floor level window. I didn’t even notice.
The Warlord leaned forward, placing Kalika’s lifeless body gently on the floor. 
My mouth twisted, and anger fueled me as I hurled myself across the room, determined to pull Kalika away from her murderer. I reached her just as the Warlord looked up, his expression deadly. Our eyes, only inches apart. 
Hate radiated from the Warlord, and he grasped me around the neck once again. “I want you to know one thing before you die,” he whispered. “You are a failure—a stupid, incompetent, childish failure. You were destined to fail.” 
All fell silent as they watched the scene unfold. The steady, thunderous roll of the Eye filled the chamber, and I stared in alarm as it drew near the open sill. Throwing out my arm, my hand began to glow. I concentrated on the Eye, the force of my will stopping it as it teetered on the edge. 
Closing my eyes, I pushed the Warlord’s devastating words from my mind. Vasu would not have chosen me if I were destined to fail. The will to survive seized me, and grew in the pit of my stomach—building, sprouting, and extending up and out of my chest, and down through my legs and feet. I flicked my fingers and the Eye flew from the ledge toward my outstretched hand.
In astonishment, the Warlord cried out. He lunged for the Eye and grabbed for my pendant as the Eye sailed past into my hand. Lauren jumped forward, yanking the Warlord’s steel armor to pull him back, a scream tearing from her lips when the cold steel of his breastplate cut into her fingers. 
A brilliant flash of light erupted around us, filling the room with a static explosion of blinding energy. The castle room shimmered, growing smaller and smaller as Lauren, the Warlord, and I rose into the air on a cloud of weightless white mist. We tumbled out of control, screaming.
“Lauren!” Dardanos cried out, sounding very far away. 
Lauren reached for Dardanos, shrieking his name, but she was pulled farther and farther into the swirling, magical whirlwind of the Eye. Within seconds, the castle room was gone, and a swift breeze surged past my face, coming faster and faster until I couldn’t breathe. I tore the pendant from the Warlord’s grasp, and shoved him back, grabbing onto Lauren. The Warlord drifted, his arms outstretched, his cries of fury barely audible on the rushing current of air. 
Within seconds, the cloud disappeared, and I experienced the stomach-churning sensation of falling. I flailed wildly, dragging Lauren behind me. We landed hard, the breath knocked from our lungs. 
Stunned, we found ourselves sitting on the familiar denim comforter that covered my bed. 
We were home.




I shrieked as though my heart had been ripped from my chest. My screams tore through the house as I rolled off Zach’s bed and hit the floor. In a panic, I jumped up, tears streaking down my face. 
Zach lay against the wall as I pulled the heavy gold chain from him and placed it clumsily around my neck, commanding it to take me back to Dardanos. Over and over, I pleaded with the object of magic to give me back my dream, but when it didn’t work—and somehow I knew it wouldn’t—I fell to my knees, sobs racking my body. 
My cries turned to whimpers as Zach enveloped me in his arms—which he never would have done in the past, and I let him, burying my face in his leather armor. We still wore the clothes of Terratir.
“Please,” I whispered. “Please take me back. I can’t live without him. I can’t. What must he be thinking right now—to watch the girl he loves ripped away? And Flitwicket? What about her? And Kirth. Is Kirth even still alive? He could be. Our friends!” I wailed. “We didn’t even get to say goodbye!”
The bedroom door crashed open with a loud bang. Both Zach and I jumped in surprise. 
“What is going on!” our mother bellowed into the room. “Why are you two always fighting and—” she stopped, staring at me with my tears streaming down my cheeks. “What happened?” 
I flew into my mother’s arms—something I’d wanted to do so many times while we were in Terratir—but I only remained in the comfort of her embrace for a moment before letting go and dashing to my room, slamming the door behind me.


My mom turned to me. “What is going on?”
I took a deep breath. “I don’t know, Mom. What day is it?”
“What day is it? What is wrong with you? It’s Saturday. You just ate pancakes! Are you sick?”
“Oh,” I nodded, realizing. I wiped tears from my cheeks with the back of my leather sleeve, my armor worn, bloody, and torn.
“You look awful and… so thin. Zach, you are sick.” She placed her hand over my brow. “Where did you get these ridiculous clothes?” She picked at the leather armor in disgust. “Never mind. I don’t want to know. Go shower.”
“Okay.” I stood, but before my mother could leave I reached for her, hugging her tight, soaking in the smell of her perfume. “I love you, Mom. It’s good to be home.”
In surprise, she pulled back slightly, gazing at me, her eyes studying my face. She hugged me back, and said, “I love you, too, hun,” and kissed the top of my head—looking totally mystified—She left and closed my door with a soft click. 



Two weeks passed where I didn’t want go anywhere or do anything. The surprise party my mother had planned turned out to be a flop. My friends hadn’t stayed long and I didn’t blame them. I wasn’t the girl they knew anymore. I’d changed, and my parents were beside themselves with worry. The only person who understood was Zach, and he spent every spare moment trying to understand the pendant, trying to make it send us back into the Warlord game, but nothing worked.
For the first time since we’d been home, Zach sat down at his computer to play his game, his shoulders slumped. I sat on his bed and watched—waiting, wondering, and hoping. With a heavy heart, I held my breath when the mouse hovered over the Warlord icon… and then he clicked it.
Zach’s list of toons flashed across the screen. There floated Dardanos and Flitwicket, standing in suspended animation. Kirth was conspicuously absent, but he hadn’t been one of Zach’s characters. A familiar yearning grew in my chest, making my throat tighten with grief. 
Zach clicked on Dardanos and took his toon to the Cave of Wonder, which housed and protected the Eye of Tanúb. There it sat, in all its magical glory. Tanúb, the Eye’s ethereal guardian, was no longer floating at the entrance. I knew it was because the Warlord had killed her. 
Zach searched every area in the game, but never found the Warlord. Even invading the Legion land and storming the Black Castle brought no sign of the evil man. I wondered if the Warlord—who had fallen through the misty cloud with Zach and me, had landed in this world also. 
Was David just another human who had slipped through the cracks of time like we had? Was he really just a man from Earth who had resided in the game, acquiring knowledge and magical ability?
The questions plagued me. What if the Warlord came looking for us… for the pendant? Were we safe? If Zach was now an Ancient, why couldn’t he make the pendant work and take us back? 
Zach shoved back from the computer and swiveled in the chair to face me. He walked over and plopped down next to me on the bed. Gazing out through the clear glass windows, he put his arm around me. “You okay?” 
I sighed, still mystified about the whole thing. “What happened? Why did we come home?”
Zach leaned back against the wall, shaking his head slowly. “I’m not sure. Maybe it was meant to happen like this. Maybe it was all three of us touching the pendant and the Eye at the same time. Or maybe we just weren’t meant to be in that world, so the Eye sent us all home.”
“How do we go back? I have to go back,” I cried, my eyes red and puffy. 
“I have a feeling it’s timing,” Zach answered, turning to face me, his expression earnest. “I still have the pendant, and I’m an Ancient now, so I know it’s not over.”
I grasped his hand, holding it tight, hope blossoming inside me. “He’s waiting for me. I can feel it.”
Zach’s face softened in understanding. “Yeah, he is. They all are… so don’t worry. We will go back… someday.”



First off, a great big thank you to Clean Teen Publishing who gives me everything I want! They spoil me rotten and will hopefully reap the rewards. A special thanks to Cynthia Shepp and Jason Whited for an excellent job of editing.
Thank you, Marya Heiman! Because of her I have a totally awesome cover that rocks! She has magic fingers and now we have a window into the mystical land of Terratir.
Also, a great, big hug of thanks to my oldest son, Jacob, who ran home from school every day, begging to read the next chapter I’d written of The Eye of Tanúb. He encouraged me to keep working and to never give up. If that wasn’t a shot in the arm, I don’t know what was! 
Thank you to my family, friends, and critique group, who helped shape this story into one of wonderment. I love the characters in this book! They have become real to me. Thanks to all who helped turn this fantasy into a reality!



M.E. Cunningham came from a land, far, far away, and ended up on a little farm in northern Utah, living with numerous magical creatures: horses, chickens, dogs, cats, and a goat. She began writing quite by accident when she fell through the fabric of time and dropped into the mysterious land of Terratir.
Terratir is not the first magical realm Cunningham has discovered, but it is the only one to be written about so far. Her favorite topics include ghosts, monsters, dragons, and magic. She also likes TV, going to the movies, and camping in the mountains as long as there are no spiders, mosquitoes, or ticks.
Her first book, Reluctant Guardian, was published in August 2013. Cunningham is always in search of the strange and unexplainable, and will write each story as it is discovered. Be on the look out!


Subscribe now and never miss a release!  

