


The Trespassing Crew


Edward Drobinski
Copyright © 2011 Edward M. Drobinski. All rights reserved.  



Chapter 1

	They saw their first cold dark morning together.  They rubbed up against each other as they tried to extend their legs.  They both noticed a gigantic something sitting next to them.  It started licking them and they weren’t sure if they liked that.  It was cold enough out not to want to be wet in addition.  He tried to push himself up on his hind legs to avoid the furious tongue.  His legs were shaky and he fell back down on the ground remaining at the tongue’s mercy.  She tried the same thing with as much success.
	“Stay still a minute,” said the big tongue licking thing.
	“Stop licking me.  I’m cold,” said the little boy.  “Who are you to get so familiar with me?”
	“I’m your mother and I can do anything I want.  Of course I’ll only do things that are for your own good.”
	“Mother,” he thought.  “I don't know what that means.”  He figured he’d find that out some other time.  Now, it was more important to escape that tongue.  He tried to get up on his legs again, but they seemed too weak to support his minimal weight.  When she saw him do it, she tried her legs, with similar results.
	“You are brother and sister,” the big thing said.
	She said, “Are those our names?”
	“No.  It just means you two are relatives.  I’m a relative too.”
	Neither of the two shaky-legged ones knew what that meant, either.
	The little girl thought of a million questions to ask, but decided to hold them for later.
	The little boy was a bit bolder or more vocal and asked, “Then what are our names?”
	Tongue Licker realized her answer would be viewed as evasive, but in the long run it would avoid confusion, saying; “You don’t have names yet.  I could give you names, but they might be changed.  Our human protectors will be here soon and they will do that.”
	The sun started to rise over the mountains on a sub-freezing, November fifteenth morning.  The wind was mercifully calm.

	Joe and Mary Robie finished their quick breakfast and exited the farmhouse back door.  The middle-aged, long married couple were about to begin their daily routine, when they saw the movement under the apple tree.
	Joe excitedly said; “Look what happened, Mary.  Annabelle must have just had her babies.”
	Mary quickened her step and replied; “Let’s see.”
	Joe and Mary raced over to all the activity.  They saw Annabelle lying on the cold ground and the two little ones, now shakily standing.
	“How beautiful,” exclaimed Mary.
	“Maybe we’ll see their first steps. You check Annabelle and I’ll take a look at the little ones.”
	Mary got on her knees and put her hands on the new mother and told Joe; “She looks fine to me.”  She softly rubbed Annabelle’s neck and mane, smiled into her alert eyes and cheerfully said; “What a good girl.”
	“The babies are fine, too.  It’s a little boy and a little girl.  What should we name them?”  Joe petted them softly, careful not to disturb their precarious balances.
	“Well, let me think. .............. They must have been born right under this apple tree.  So let’s call her Apple.  You name him.”
	“How about Pablo?”
	“Sounds good to me.”
	Of course Apple and Pablo had no idea what they were saying.  It sounded like a muted series of drumbeats and a constant swoosh to them.  The gentle, dry hands were considered an improvement over the wet tongue, but they kept that to themselves.  Annabelle understood enough of human speech to tell them, “Your names have been given.  You are Apple and you are Pablo.  That was quick.”
	They liked their names better than brother and sister.  They smiled at each other and felt that their legs were getting a little steadier.  “What’s your name?”
	“Mom. That’s what children call their mother.”
	Pablo tried to walk closer to Mary.  His legs started shaking and he fell back down.  Apple stayed still, not wanting the same thing to happen to her.
	Joe said, “Pablo is a curious boy.  He’s a good looking horse, too, with those white diamond markings on his little brown head and body.”
	“Apple is the beautiful one.  She’s all black, I think, except for the white markings on her hooves, like boots.”
	Joe moved over to the fallen Pablo and put his right hand on his belly and rubbed it.
	“Hey, don’t start licking me,” cried out Pablo.  Joe just heard, “Whinny.” 
	Joe said; “Easy, I won’t hurt you little boy.  I’m a friend.”
	Mary chastised Joe, saying; “You’re ignoring Apple.”  Mary walked over to her, petted her head, looked and spoke in her direction, though the words were half directed to her husband; “Look at this proper little girl.  She’s not the least bit reckless.  And look at those beautiful eyes,” as she held her under the chin.  “You’re my girl.”
	Pablo: “What are they saying, Mom?”
	Annabelle: “They’re saying that they like you two a lot.  They speak a strange language.  You’ll pick up parts of it as time goes by.”
	Apple: “Can they understand us?”
	Mom: “Not at all.”
	Apple: “Then how do we tell them that we like them, too?”
	Annabelle: “You have to show them.  You’ll learn how.”
	Pablo: “When?”
	Annabelle showed the slightest hint of exasperation: “I don't know.  It depends on how smart you are.”
	Pablo and Apple got quiet.  They realized it would take some time to understand what was going on.  But, for the moment, they were happy as well as curious.  

Chapter 2

	The neighbors started coming out for their morning walks, most with leashed dogs, obediently at their sides.  They all stopped to say hello and to look at the two new lives.  They unanimously commented on Pablo and Apple’s good looks.
	Later in the morning the two babies got steadier on their legs and started to explore their new surroundings.  They saw that they were in a field of about two acres, bordered on three sides by eight foot adobe walls and on the road side by another eight-foot fence, made of posts and wire.  There were a few apple trees, well-spaced-out.  There were a number of old outbuildings, with a generally brown color, made of wood probably 20 years ago.  They would soon see that they’d be spending a lot of time there and meeting some interesting characters.  The first of them was to be Charlie, the chicken.  He was technically a rooster, but Charlie always considered himself a chicken, as he would not fight with anyone.
	Charlie came up behind them and startled, Pablo and Apple, almost backed into him.
	Charlie: with raised voice, “Hey, careful.”
	Apple: “I’m very sorry, you startled me.”
	Pablo: “I’m sorry, too.  I might have seen you coming if you were bigger.  How come you’re so small?”
	Charlie: “I don't know.  How come you’re so big and clumsy on top of that?”
	Apple: “Gee, I never thought about it that way.  I don't know why I’m so big.  I thought Pablo and I were small, because Mom is much bigger.  As to clumsy, maybe it’s because we haven’t been on our legs very long yet, but I’m just guessing.”
	Charlie: “Please be careful.  You could kill me if you accidentally kick me.”
	Pablo: “I’ll be very careful, but try not to sneak up on us.”
	Charlie: “I know the safest thing.  How about, if I hopped up on your back?  This way I can be away from your legs.”  With that Charlie half jumped and half flew onto Apple’s back.
	Apple was somewhat startled.  Charlie stepped on Apple’s long white mane, causing her some discomfort.  She shook her head and said; “Watch it.”
	Charlie stepped back and said; “So sorry.”
	Since Charlie didn’t weigh much, Apple kept her balance, laughed and said; “That feels funny, with you walking around up there, but I like it.”
	Charlie: “Take me for a ride.  I like the view from up here.”
	Apple walked as best she could through an open area leading to the wire fence.  Pablo followed and they told each other their names.
	Charlie excitedly said; “Stop, stop.”
	Apple incredulously said; “Why?”
	Charlie:  “You can’t go through that fence.”
	Apple: “I wasn’t planning on it.  But, now that you mention it, why not?”
	Charlie: “First of all, you can’t go through it.  You’ll just get all tangled up.  And secondly, you don’t want to go out there.  People get all weird when an animal gets on their property and worse, cars sometimes drive very fast down this road and if you meet one of those it could be the end for all of us.”
	Pablo: “I understand.  But what exactly do you mean “animal”?”
	Charlie: “That’s pretty much what everything not human is called.  Well, there are also things called insects, fish and plants.  But, we’ve all got one thing in common.  We have to make sure we stay out of the human’s way and try not to annoy them too much.”
	Pablo and Apple really didn’t understand what Charlie was saying, but got the general idea.  Joe, Mary and the morning callers seemed nice enough.  Weren’t they human?  They thought it best to learn some things for themselves, but were already smart enough not to say so.
	Next they met Gunther and Hilda, two four year old mostly black pygmy goats.  They did have a few white markings.
	With an accent different than they had yet heard Gunther greeted them with a direct; “New around here, huh?”
	Pablo: “Very new.  We haven’t even been to the other side of the farm yet.”
	Hilda, sounding similar to Gunther said; “Yavol!!  C’mon, follow us; we’re taking our morning walk.”
	Pablo and Apple, with Charlie still on her back, followed the two.  Gunther and Hilda led them through the largest outbuilding, as this was the quickest way to the other side.  The goats walked fast with their strange hopping sort of gait, but Pablo and Apple caught short glimpses of others around.  Most were just rousing to greet the new day.  The five travelers were soon next to an eight foot wall, with stucco over the adobe, the same color as the house, a light brown.
	Apple: “Already.”
	Gunther: “Yeah, this is the end.”
	Pablo: “That’s kind of quick.  What’s on the other side?”
	Hilda: “I really don't know.  I hear cars there pretty regularly.  Sometimes I hear human voices.”
	Apple: “Are we not allowed on the other side?”
	Hilda: “No, we’re not.  It’s mostly private property.  Besides, you don’t want to get hit by a car.”
	Apple: “I keep hearing about private property.  It must be a big deal.  Tell me, if a rider taller than Charlie rode me, couldn’t he see over the top.”
	Gunther: “Sure, you can look all you want.  Trespassing is another matter.”
	Charlie: “Are you making fun of me already, I know I’m just a little chicken.”
	Apple: “I wasn’t making fun.  I was just being curious, you know.  Some animals are bigger than chickens, like Gunther and Hilda.”
	Gunther: “But, I can’t hop up on you.”
	Apple: “I can lie on the ground and you can get on my back.  Then, I’ll stand up.”
	Gunther: “I weigh more than you do now.  When you get bigger it’s possible, but it would be hard for me to keep my balance.”
	Apple: “Well, you’re welcome to try when I’m big enough.  But, won't you get bigger, too?”
	Gunther laughed and said; “If I grow any more now it’ll be in my stomach only.  I can get big and fat, if I wanted.  But, I’m considered full sized now.”
	Pablo: “When did you stop growing?”
	Gunther: “When I was about two years old.  I’m four, now.  It should be about the same for you.”
	They all turned their heads toward the barn, where they heard many strange noises.
	Charlie: “Feeding time.  Take me back there.”
	They all turned and walked as quickly as possible to the barn, where they saw Joe and Mary dropping bales of hay in various places.  Mary was also throwing corn on the wooden barn floor for Charlene the chicken, Charlie’s wife.  Joe put some kind of slop into metal dishes and Dominick and Vanessa, put their faces in them quickly.  Dominick was a light brown pug and Vanessa was a striking Dalmatian, with brilliant white fur, interspersed with jet black spots.
	Charlie jumped off Apple’s back and quickly scurried on foot toward the corn, exclaiming; “Charlene, leave some for me.”
	Charlene wouldn’t stop eating, so didn’t reply.  Charlie started eating furiously.  Everybody forgot about Pablo and Apple.
	Annabelle was standing tall, fully displaying her tan body and called out to her babies; “Get over here and try some of this hay.”
	Pablo and Apple walked over, as quickly as their new legs allowed and gave it a shot, copying what their mother was doing.
	Apple put her snout in the yellow-brown meal, made a grimacing face, recoiled, looked up at her mother and questioningly said; “I don’t like this.”
	Annabelle momentarily giggled, shook her medium length black mane, then got serious and said; “It’s good for you.  It’s a bit of an acquired taste.”
	Apple tried again and while she was not eager, she shortly felt no compulsion to recoil.
	Pablo dived in face first, worked at the hunger quenching conglomeration of fuzzy nourishment and exclaimed; “I think it’s great.”  He kept eating and got a second thought, saying; “I do wish it was a bit less dry.”
	Annabelle replied; “Just keep at it.”
	Pablo had thus far always obeyed his Mom and this proved to be evidence of having a good reason to continue to do so.”
	Everyone ate until all the food was gone.  When finished, Pablo and Apple started looking around and they saw Efscot and Zelda, two horses the approximate size of their Mom, Annabelle.  They were actually a bit taller and longer than Annabelle, but appeared the same to the new untrained eyes.  They were thin and somewhat dignified.  Zelda was a mixture of cream and light gray with a long black mane, while Efscot appeared more subtle, completely dark gray with a short white mane.  However, they were inside stalls and weren’t coming out because the doors were closed and dead bolted.
	Apple: “Can’t they come out here?”
	Annabelle: “Not right now.  In fact, not most of the time. ........ Sometimes they do.”
	Pablo: “Well, their doors are closed.  They couldn’t come out if they wanted to.”
	Annabelle: “I can’t quite explain it.  Most of the time the doors are shut, but sometimes they are open.  Joe and Mary do it whenever they feel like it.  I think Efscot and Zelda are a little different from us.  They are owned by humans, other than Joe and Mary.  The owners come over and take a ride on them sometimes.  They just reside here.”
	Apple: “Owned?”
	Annabelle; “Yes, owned.”
	Pablo: “That doesn’t sound right.”
	Annabelle: “You’re a bit too young to understand.  Excepting a few, animals, just like houses and cars, are owned by humans.  Some, like Joe and Mary, are very good to us and things work out.  Some are out and out cruel to animals and then things don’t work out.  Some are somewhere in-between like the owners of Efscot and Zelda.”    
	Apple: “We just reside here, too, right?”
	Annabelle: “I told you that I really can’t explain it.  One thing that seems certain to me is that their owners don’t want them mingling with us too much.”
	Pablo: “Why?”
	Annabelle brayed in frustration and loudly said; “You guys are driving me crazy.  You two were just born today.  Don’t expect to learn everything so quickly.  I really don’t know the answer.  Maybe you two will figure it out some day.”
	Pablo and Apple were finished eating and they instinctively walked over to a trough of water and started drinking.  They then walked over to the closed stalls.
	Pablo: “Hi.  I’m Pablo and this is my sister, Apple.”
	Efscot: “I’m Efscot and this is my wife, Zelda.  You’re probably wondering why we’re in here and you’re out there.”
	Apple: “Most certainly.”
	Zelda: “Humans are very weird.  The people who own Efscot and me want it this way.  They’re supposedly sheltering us from the riff raff.”
	Pablo: “What’s riff raff?”
	Efscot: “Let me interject.  I have a better way with words than Zelda.”
	Zelda: “You learned plenty from me.”
	Efscot: “Nonetheless, I am going to try not to confuse the babies.  When Zelda said “riff raff” she really didn’t mean that.  That was an attempt to be humorous, but you couldn’t possibly understand that yet.  Our owners keep more control over us than Joe and Mary do over you.  It’s more than a little annoying.  We’d like to be as unrestrained as you, but on the other hand our owners make sure we have the best of everything and take us for rides, out of here.”
	Apple: “We were told we can’t go out of here.”
	Efscot: “Right, you can’t.  We can.  I told you humans are weird.  They make different rules for different animals.”
	Zelda: “They don’t make any rules for me.”
	Efscot: “Oh, yes, they do.  Do you want to be locked up?  You just get mad when you don’t like things.”
	Zelda: “Yeah and when I get mad, I do precisely what I want.”
	Efscot: “You know, you’re just so full of it sometimes.  We’ll continue this conversation some other time.  Right now we’re in the presence of two babies we shouldn’t confuse.  Anyway, Apple, there are different rules.  I don't know why.  Maybe it makes humans feel important, confused or both.”
	Pablo and Apple thought they were getting the general idea.  They expected that the details would come sometime in the future.
	Pablo: “What do you two see outside the gates, when you go for a ride?”
	Zelda: “All kinds of things.  We can tell stories forever.”
	Apple: “How do you keep from getting hit by cars?”
	Zelda: “The humans guide us some way.  They lead us right or left with different kinds of signals, to places the cars don’t go.”
	Pablo: “So, cars are not everywhere?”
	Zelda: “Not yet.”
	Efscot: “Ignore that answer.  Zelda, darn it, we’re with babies.  Can you ever behave?  Kids, there are places cars are not allowed.  Simple as that.  Our human riders know where that is and guide us to the safe spots.”
	Pablo and Apple realized it would take some more time and experience to understand what Efscot and Zelda were precisely saying.  Their stories about the outside world would be of great interest to them.  But, now, they were getting tired after an eventful first morning.  So, they walked over to where their mother was lying on some loose hay, snuggled up to her and went to sleep in the warming afternoon sun.  

Chapter 3

	The babies were rudely woken by Dominick and Vanessa, running all over the place, including an errant paw or two on them.
	Vanessa yelled; “Give it back.”
	Dominick was laughing.  “Catch me.”  He had one of Vanessa’s decorative red ribbons in his mouth.  He had a smiling, very silly look on his face.  Vanessa was a lot quicker and more agile than Dominick and soon had him cornered.  She took the ribbon back as Dominick let it go.
	Vanessa seemed flustered and said; “Now I’ll have to try to get this back on and it’ll probably take all day.”
	Dominick sneered; “You don’t have to put it back on.”
	Vanessa: “If I don’t get it back on, Joe and Mary will think that I took it off because I didn’t like it.”
	Dominick: “So?”
	Vanessa: “So, I do like it and I’d like them to continue giving me pretty ribbons.  They like it too.”
	Pablo: “You’re a very beautiful girl.  You should have a ribbon.  I wish I could help getting it back on.”
	Dominick, mock-angrily said; “Watch it, buster.”
	Pablo took the warning seriously and apologetically replied; “Sorry.  She is a pretty girl.”
	Vanessa: “Thank you.  Maybe now this little clown will notice.”  She looked at Dominick sternly.
	Dominick: “I’ve noticed.  I’ve noticed.  I was just trying to play and make you laugh.”  Looking at Pablo and Apple, “Maybe you guys want to play too.  What are your names?”
	Pablo: “Pablo.”
	Apple: “Apple and yours?”
	Dominick: “Dominick, not Dom, Dominick.”
	Vanessa: “Vanessa.  He’s so picky.  He’s lucky if anybody calls him anything.”  Dominick eyed her and with a silly, overly serious expression growled
	Apple: “Okay, let’s play something.”
	Vanessa: “What games do you know?”
	Apple seemed bashful when she said; “Really, none.  We’re kind of new here.”
	Dominick sounded perky, saying; “How about tag.  That’s an easy one.  Whoever is “it” has to touch someone else and then they’re “it,” and they have to touch someone else, on and on, until something stops the game, hopefully fatigue.”
	They chased each other around for about thirty minutes.  The dogs had a huge advantage.  They could use their agility, darting all over the place, turning almost on a dime, while the baby horses were still unsure on their long legs.  So, Pablo and Apple were “it” most of the time.  They really could only catch each other, unless unbeknownst, but suspected by them, one of the dogs made a clumsy “mistake.”  But, they didn’t mind and enjoyed the game, usually making runs at the dogs to no avail.
	Pablo stopped moving, loudly exhaled and said; “I’m starting to feel very tired.”
	Apple: “Me, too.”
	Dominick: “So soon?  I can keep going for a while.”
	Vanessa: “He can keep going all day, if you let him.  Let’s take a break.”
	They all sat on the brown dirt, already warm from the sun, talking pleasantly and passing time.  The baby’s eyes surveyed the grounds of their home, seeing a few apple trees, currently devoid of any growth and patchy tufts of grass, which appeared tended, but not mowed.  After a while, Dominick stood up, started moving and said, “Well, I still want to run some.”  With that, Vanessa got up and took off after Dominick.  She could outrun him easily, but he displayed tricky, evasive maneuvers.  Watching their new friends romp, Pablo and Apple ended their first day.  The sun was low in the sky and it started to cool off.  They went into the barn and snuggled up with their mother.  
Chapter 4

	When they woke up the next morning, the sun was still hiding.  In a short time their eyes adjusted to the darkness, helped by an unobstructed half-moon.  They noticed that Efscot and Zelda were not in their stalls.  They were worried.  Where were their new friends?  They walked over to the empty enclosures.  Everyone else was still sleeping.  They nosed around the stall and detected some strange smells.  Someone or two unknown humans had been there.  They trotted back over to their mother.
	Pablo rubbed his right front hoof against his mother’s shoulder and in a high whispering, worried voice said; “Mom, wake up something’s wrong.”
	Annabelle, concerned that he was concerned, replied; “What happened?”
	Apple showed impatient worry and quickly said; “I don't know, but Efscot and Zelda are gone.”  She implied, but did not say; “I need a good answer right now!!”
	Annabelle calmly sighed; “That’s okay.  Their owners often take them out for a ride this time of day.  For some reason they like to start out before sunrise and get back an hour after.”
	That made the two tiny siblings feel better.  Joe and Mary came out the backdoor of the house.
	Joe pushed back his modestly long, pushed back his modestly long, partially graying, brown hair and said; “How are my two new babies?”  He patted each on their heads and then gave the same attention to Annabelle.
	Pablo and Apple didn’t know what he said, but more importantly, they saw Joe taking down bales of hay for them.  They ate.
	In the view provided by the sun rising over the mountain, Joe said; “Don’t they look good?”
	Mary’s long blond hair fell on her oval face as she squatted to nuzzle the little ones.  She said; “It’s amazing how fast they develop.  They look like they know what they’re doing already.”  She rubbed Annabelle’s belly and said; “Are you teaching them already?”  Annabelle nodded, making Mary wonder if she had understood.
	Joe: “We’ve got two healthy babies.”
	Joe and Mary watched the little ones eat for a few minutes.  They made no further conversation and offered occasional smiles.  They thought; “Two new lives with the potential to do anything.”  
	Two gray pickup trucks with silver horse carriers drove onto the property.  Everyone looked and the two little ones thought, “What now?”  The invaders got near the empty horse stalls and stopped.  They got out.  There was one man in each car.  They made sure the stalls were open and then opened the carriers.  Out came Efscot and Zelda, who seemed cranky.
	Zelda: “For once I’d like to walk exactly where I want.”
	Efscot: “Well, the big deal is over for another day.  Twenty-four more hours until the next severe disappointment.  Sorry, my optimism was showing.  It’s actually twenty-two hours until the next view of paradise, with no entry permitted.”
	Zelda: “I’ve been thinking about running under a tree with a big low branch.  If I’m lucky, I’ll knock him off and just keep going.”
	Efscot: “Is it ever a good thing that they don’t speak horse.  If you did that, today, I think I would have done the same thing.  Do they always have to go on the best travelled, most boring paths?”
	Zelda: “Exactly.  If I see that broken tree by the water one more time, I’m going to stop and puke.”
	Efscot: “I don’t understand how they can be content going the exact same thing every trip.  Maybe they don’t see well.”
	Zelda: “I guess we should be sorry for them.  They might be blind.”
	As their darkly bearded, grizzled owners stood around for another five minutes exchanging pleasantries, Joe brought over hay bales and put them in Zelda’s and Efscot’s stalls.
	Pablo and Apple, initially happy to see the two back home, now detected their disparaging tone, walked to them and Pablo queried; “I heard you talking.  What’s the matter?”
	Zelda: “Oh, the same old nonsense.  There must be millions of acres out there and these jerks always make us walk on the same five.”
	Apple: “Why?”
	Efscot: “I don't know.  They must be the most boring people in the world.”
	Apple: “Can’t you take them in another direction?”
	Zelda: “No.  We’ve tried that and they hit us with whips if we take the lead.”
	Pablo: “The whole thing sounds stupid to me.”
	Efscot: “This is the way their system works.  You’re allowed to walk wherever you like if you stay in these two acres.  However, if you’re lucky enough to be taken out, you’re only allowed on another five of their choice.”
	Apple, sounding upbeat, said; “But you get to see a lot of different sights, though, right?”
	Zelda sternly replied; “Seeing things and touching things are two different things.”
	Efscot: “That’s trite.  I’m not going to copy that phrase from you.”
	Zelda: “Ah, I’m just mad.  There’s so much potential out there and we touch so little of it.”
	Apple: “I think I’d be happy just to see it.”
	Zelda: “You would be, for a while, but after you were forced to repeat and repeat the same steps every time out, you’d probably feel the way we do.  It’s just plain stupid.”
	Pablo and Apple left the two to finish their food and nap.  They sounded tired.  Charlie and Charlene, the chickens, walked over to them.
	Charlie: “I’m glad you’re getting around better.  I’ll worry less about you stepping on me.”
	Charlene: “Can you take us both for a walk today?”
	Apple: “Sure, hop up.”
	Charlene: “That’s not exactly what I had in mind.  How about Charlie rides you and I ride Pablo.”
	Pablo: “I’d be delighted.”  Pablo squatted and Charlene easily got on his back, careful not to get tangled in his medium length black mane.  Charlie flew onto Apple, landing squarely on her back, having learned to avoid her long white mane.
	They started walking around the perimeter of the property, at most places their view blocked by the tall stucco walls.  Pablo and Apple stopped at the wire fencing and everyone took a long look at the outside world.  It seemed to go on forever.  Now, because of a risen un-blocked sun, the limitations were caused only by the abilities of their eyes, irregular topography and the curvature of the earth.  They could see yellow-brown fields, houses of differing shapes, sizes and colors, what looked like a thick, seasonally defoliated forest off in the distance, with a gigantic, rocky mountain behind it, of gray, white and violet.  “What a beautiful place,” they all thought, as they sat or stood, motionless and serene.  Their reverie was broken by the crack of a sledgehammer driving another fence post into the ground.  Then they became cognizant of the rest of the abundant fences.
	They heard and saw growling, diesel perfumed pick-up trucks come slowly down the road, drivers impassively staring, carrying posts, wire, some barbed and mass produced slats to new destinations someone deemed worthy of restriction.  After a few minutes, they headed back to the barn.
	“Thanks,” said Charlie and Charlene.  “We’ve got to do this every day.”
	“That’s fine with us,” said Apple.  The two little horses were getting a little tired, walked over to reclining Annabelle and went to sleep.  

Chapter 5

	They woke up to Annabelle fidgeting around, disturbing them.
	Apple: “What are you doing, Mom?”
	Annabelle: “I don’t feel well and I’m having some trouble moving.”  The little ones were distraught.
	Pablo: “Can we help?”
	Annabelle: “Yes, go get Joe and Mary.”
	Pablo: “How do we do that?”
	Annabelle: “Go stand around the back door of the house and see if you can get their attention.  Then try to lead them over here.”
	Apple: “Are you going to be all right?”
	Annabelle: “Probably, if you two get moving.  Things like this have happened before.  Joe and Mary know what to do.”
	Pablo and Apple followed their mother’s instructions and ran to the back door of the house.  They couldn’t see any sign of activity, so they decided to improvise a bit and brushed up against the door to make some noise.  It worked, as in a few seconds Joe came to the door, opened it and came out.  He tried to shoo them away, thinking that they just didn’t yet know their boundaries.  They continued to stay in the vicinity, kind of jumping around, looking at him with worried eyes.  Joe was beginning to get the idea.  They tried to lead him toward Annabelle, when Mary came out the door and said, “Something’s wrong, let’s follow them.”  Pablo and Apple led them to the barn and ultimately to momma.  Joe and Mary saw her lying on the loose hay, whimpering a bit.
	Joe said, “Uh oh, looks like you were right.”
	He got on his knees and touched Annabelle in various spots.  She jerked away, some, when he touched near her hindquarters.
	Mary said, “We better get the vet, as quickly as possible,” and they walked briskly back to the house.
	Pablo showed his indignation and lack of understanding when he angrily asked; “What are they doing?  They’re supposed to help.”  He took two steps toward the seemingly retreating protectors.
	Annabelle: “Wait here.  You don’t understand.  They are helping.  They don't know how to fix me themselves, so they’re going to get someone who does.”
	Apple sounded incredulous when she said; “Should we just sit here with you?”
	Annabelle shook her head slightly, opened her eyes widely and said; “Yes. ...... You’ve done your jobs well.  We just have to wait a while.  I’ll be okay, soon.”
	After a nervous half hour for Pablo and Apple, a recent model, light blue, odorless pick-up truck came into the driveway.  Pablo, Apple and Annabelle saw Joe and Mary talking to the man in the car.  The veterinarian eventually got out and the three of them walked toward the three horses.
	The tall, smiling vet warmly said; “Hi, Annabelle, what kind of problem do you have this time?”
	Annabelle just sighed and blinked her eyes, happily.
	Mary touched Pablo’s and Apple’s concerned heads and said; “She just had these two beautiful babies yesterday.”
	Vet: “Let me check something.”  He bent down and touched Annabelle’s hindquarters and she flinched violently.  He took a long hard look.  “Okay girl, nothing to worry about. You shouldn’t be out here having babies all by yourself.”  With that, he got up and walked back to his pickup.  Joe and Mary followed along.
	Joe: “She’ll be fine?”
	Vet: “Oh yeah.  Just some internal bleeding.  I can stop it and fix the problem in about five minutes.  I don’t even think I’ll need a painkiller.”
	Mary: “Thanks so much for coming on such short notice.”
	The vet retrieved a bag from the pickup and carried it back to Annabelle.
	He took out a scary looking metal instrument and did something with it that did not look pleasant.  Pablo and Apple shuddered and looked at each other.  When he was finished he gave Annabelle a loving rub on the belly, saying, “Great, great girl.”  He got up and walked back to the pickup again with Joe and Mary in tow.  They were quietly talking but the horses couldn’t determine what they were saying.  The vet left the way he came and Joe and Mary went back to the house.
	Apple: “How do you feel, mom?”
	Annabelle: “Better already.  I’ll just have to rest here another hour or so.”
	Pablo: “That man’s from the outside world, but we also need him here.  How does he know when to come?”
	Annabelle: “I don't know.  Joe and Mary must do something to get him.”  She paused, laughed and added; “Maybe smoke signals.”
	Apple: “Does he come here a lot?”
	Annabelle: “Not much.  Two or three times a year, usually.”
	Pablo: “So Joe and Mary can’t take care of everything we need.”
	Annabelle: “No, but they can handle most things.”
	Apple: “What would happen if nobody knew what to do?”
	Annabelle: “I might die.”
	Pablo: “What’s die?”
	Annabelle: “No more.  Over with.  I can’t really explain it better than that.  You’ll see it someday and you’ll know exactly what it is.”
	The three horses didn’t notice, but they were now surrounded by all their friends, except Efscot and Zelda, who were locked up in their wood and iron cages.
	Charlie: “I get nervous when I see the vet coming.”
	Charlene: “You’re always nervous, silly.  How are you feeling, Annabelle?”
	Annabelle: “Good.  That vet does a fine job.”
	Dominick: “Okay, everybody, the show’s over.  Give the pretty lady some air and let her rest.”
	Annabelle: “Thanks, Dominick.”
	The others dispersed and continued on their daily routine.  Pablo and Apple lay down next to Annabelle and they all closed their eyes.  It had been an eventful day.

	When they woke up the sun was strong and there was still plenty of day left.  Annabelle elevated, while Pablo and Apple admired her height.  They smiled at her and they each took a few steps. 
	Annabelle: “I think I’m going to take it easy for a while more.  I’m okay, but why don’t you go see some of your friends.”
	They saw most of the others running around; looking like they were playing some variation of the tag game they had just learned.  Vanessa’s predominately white coat seemed especially brilliant in the bright sun.  They walked over to the locked stalls to see the captives.
	Zelda: “What was the big commotion all about?”
	Apple: “Mom was sick.  Some man came over and I think he fixed her.”
	Zelda was still in a foul mood and sharply said; “Only thing humans are good for.”
	Efscot’s edge had smoothed over.  He chastised Zelda loudly, saying; “Stop saying stupid things to the babies.  You know Joe and Mary are wonderful.  I can’t imagine them being any better.”
	Zelda: “All right, all right.  You’re right.  I should only say some of the things I do to an adult audience, probably not even them, for the choicest parts.  I’m sorry.  Don’t pay any attention to me.  I wish Joe and Mary were our owners.”
	Pablo: “Can you switch owners?”
	Efscot: “No, we can’t.  They can decide to switch things around, rarely for our betterment, but we don’t have the same right.”
	Zelda: “They regularly change their own religions and politics, but we’re stuck with theirs.”
	Efscot: “The babies are not going to understand that.” 
	Pablo: “You might be surprised.  Do they do it to hurt you?”
	Efscot: “I don’t think so.  They just don’t consider our feelings.  Since some of them have none, they can’t understand that we do.  How would you like to be stuck in this stupid stall all day?”
	Apple: “Not at all.  Can’t Joe and Mary let you out?”
	Zelda: “They can and probably would if left on their own.  But, our owners have told them not to.  If Joe and Mary disobey, the owners will move us elsewhere.  We’re merely good looking status symbols for them.  They like to ride us around in boring, well-travelled areas, so that other humans will notice THEM.  It’s probably the only time anyone does.”
	Efscot: “That’s a little harsh, but I really can’t disagree with anything you said.”
	Apple: “Are all humans, except Joe and Mary, interested only in status symbols?”
	Efscot: “Oh, no.  There are a lot of nice ones.”
	Zelda: “Only the vast majority.  We’re supposed to be thankful when we get a decent one.”
	Pablo: “I guess you’re something less than thankful for your current situation.”
	Zelda: “You should have noticed that already, very easily. I thought you were smarter than that.”
	Pablo: “I’m only 2 days old.  Give me a break.”
	Zelda: “You’re right.  I apologize.  You’re getting the idea anyway.  Sometimes I think I ought to do something to embarrass them when we’re out riding, like bucking or refusing to move, right in front of other humans that they’re trying to impress.”  She laughed out loud.
	Efscot laughed, too, but then turned serious and said; “I’m glad you don’t.  Things could get worse.  There’s always the glue factory.”
	Apple: “I’m getting confused.  I’d love to go see the outside world and don’t understand some of the things you’re saying.”
	Efscot: “Don’t worry.  You don’t have to understand them yet.  You’ll figure it out.  You can see all sorts of things if you go outside and then you can make your own judgments.”
	Apple: “Tell us about some of the things you’ve seen.”
	Zelda: “That would take forever, but I can tell you one story today.  One day Efscot and I were taken for our rides, walking on a path, when we were approached from the other direction, by a human on another horse.  That horse just wanted to come over and say hello to us.  The owner didn’t want that.  When, he continued to stay around us, the owner started hitting him with a whip and he had to leave.”
	Apple: “Why didn’t he let him come over and say hi?”
	Zelda: “The humans have a need to show dominance.  They’re really not in control of much of anything, so they like to show that they’re the boss, whenever they have an audience.  They don’t care if it hurts us.”
	Pablo and Apple were perplexed.  They didn’t think that this type of behavior made any sense at all.  They couldn’t think of any more questions and wished that they were able to.  However, they remembered that they were only 2 days old.  They slowly walked away, looking for their other friends.  They saw Gunther, Hilda, Dominick and Vanessa running around and decided to join them.  They spent the rest of the day romping on steadier and steadier legs.  

Chapter 6

	Again the two woke up right around sunrise, next to their improved mother.
	Apple: “Hi, mom.  Are you better today?”
	Annabelle: “I feel as good as ever.”
	Pablo: “Great, maybe you can come play with us today.”
	Annabelle: “Well, I’m not feeling that good.  But, I can come with you and watch.  Wait until after we eat.”
	They all stayed still, silently, watching the sun rise and feeling the immediate warmth it brought.  Joe and Mary showed up on schedule, first stopping to see Annabelle.  Both bent down and rubbed her all over.
	Joe: “My favorite girl looks good.”
	Mary: “She’s always been quite a girl.”
	Apple and Pablo: “Hey, how about us.  We like belly rubs too.”  Of course this sounded like “ney, ney, ney” to Joe and Mary, but they knew what they meant and furiously started rubbing their little bellies.  They kicked up their legs and squiggled all over, laughing.  Joe and Mary got up to get everyone’s food.  The rest of the animals saw what was going on and they too, rose, so as not to miss breakfast.  The chickens busied themselves eating the corn Joe threw on the ground.  The goats got large baskets of leaves.  The dogs got some kind of meaty slop in dishes and the horses got hay bales.  The little ones would soon see that this pleasant routine would repeat daily.  After eating Pablo’s curiosity got the better of him and he was compelled to question his mother.
	Pablo: “Were you ever outside of here?”
	Annabelle: “No.  I was born here, just like you.  But, Joe and Mary are very good to all of the animals here and they bring over somebody to fix us when we need it, just like yesterday.”
	Apple: “That sounds good.  But, don’t you ever get tired of being ONLY here?”
	Annabelle: “I have you two to keep me busy and happy here.  What could possibly be better out there?”
	Pablo closed his eyes and snuggled up to his mother, as did Apple, rubbing faces.  He said; “Feels good to me, too, Mom.”
	Annabelle smiled at them and trotted away, to test her pain level.  She felt good.  
	The two little ones made a trip over to their captive audience, Efscot and Zelda.  Zelda saw the two coming and greeted them.
	Zelda: “Have you figured out the world yet?”
	Pablo: “Maybe, in a week or so.”
	Apple: “And maybe we don’t have to.  Mom says this is a good place to be.”
	Zelda: “It might be for you, but we’re stuck in these stalls most of the time.  And maybe you’re not all that adventurous.”
	Pablo: “I don’t think we know yet.  You can get hurt on an adventure, right?”
	Efscot: “That’s probably part of the definition of adventure. Sure, you might get hurt, but you might also see and feel things you’ve never before imagined.”
	Apple widely opened her eyes, made a mock-scared shrug and said; “I don’t want to see or feel it if it’s anything like a gorilla.”
	Everyone laughed and that was the end of this morning’s questions.  Gunther and Hilda waddled over to the stalls.
	Gunther: “Your mom’s looking fine today.”
	Apple: “Yes, she says she is, though she’s not yet up to running.  No more pain, everything’s fine again.”
	Hilda: “So let’s enjoy the day.  See if you can catch me.”
	She started to quickly move away, though it was more of a fast waddle than a run.  Pablo and Apple were learning to use their legs better and better and in about 50 feet, they had Hilda surrounded.  She tried to go left, then tried to go right, but was hopelessly blocked in.  She finally fell down laughing.
	Hilda: “You guys are too fast for me, already.  I’ll have to think of some new game where I have some chance.”
	Pablo and Apple licked her belly while Gunther came running over, amused at the sight.  Charlie and Charlene were laughing and scooted over to get a closer look.  They jumped onto Hilda’s belly.  Hilda screamed and got up.  She was just startled and wanted to continue to play.  So, she got her nose right under Charlie’s behind and tried to flip him over.  Charlie managed to stay on his feet.  Charlene couldn’t stop laughing.  When Pablo saw this he put his nose right under Charlene’s behind and tried to flip her, to no avail.  She looked at him, somewhat indignantly.  Vanessa and Dominick walked over cautiously, not knowing exactly what was going on, but suspecting a ruckus.  When they got there, it looked like fun and they started running around in circles, seeing who they would be able to sneak up on.  Annabelle was standing there watching, sometimes directing traffic.  This was to be the typical happy day that they all would have regularly on the farm.  Pablo and Apple would continue to talk to Efscot and Zelda daily, but didn’t come up with any difficult questions.  In fact, most times they didn’t have any questions at all.  But, they always thought that it was very unfair that Efscot and Zelda had to spend so much time in prison, having committed no crime, at least by animal standards.  

Chapter 7

	Months passed and seasons changed.  Pablo and Apple grew to about half their eventual size, but noticed that the other animals weren’t growing the same way.  They asked various questions about this, but were satisfied with the consistent answer that they used to be babies and that this is what babies do until they become adults, while everyone else here was already an adult.  Just one thing perplexed Pablo.
	Pablo: “Look at Charlie.  He’s so small.  Is he an adult, too?”
	Charlie: “Why does everybody pick on the little chicken?”
	Charlene: “Oh, be quiet.  It applies to me too.  It seems a fair question.  Pablo, if you haven’t noticed we’re not all the same.  Chickens are little, dogs range from little to medium, goats are medium and horses are BIG.  It’s just the way we’re made.  I don’t know why, maybe someone else does.”
	Vanessa: “I really don't know either, but wouldn’t it be extremely boring, if we were all exactly the same.”
	Hilda: “It would bore me, too, but isn’t valuing the differences, convenient for the pretty ones, like you?”
	Vanessa:  “I don’t understand.”
	Hilda: “Well, if we all looked like you, or Apple, it would be an improvement for all of us.”
	Vanessa: “That’s so silly.”
	Gunther: “It’s very silly.  You’re perfect just the way you are, you old goat.”
	Everyone laughed as Hilda ran over and tried to butt Gunther.  That was the end of the discussion, but it sparked new questions in the minds of Pablo and Apple, though they did not yet have the words to articulate them.  Later in the day they paid their usual visit to Efscot and Zelda, who seemed to be in a particularly bad mood.
	Zelda: “I hope you’re not coming over here to tell me how wonderful things are.”
	Pablo: “You’re in some kind of mood today.”
	Apple: “Want us to leave you alone?”
	Zelda: “No, not really.  Not at all.  Seeing you guys is the best part of my day.”
	Pablo: “What’s wrong?”
	Efscot: “She doesn’t like this privileged existence in captivity.”  He sarcastically added; “Oh, the bird in the gilded cage.”
	Zelda: “You see any gilding around here, nitwit?”
	Apple: “I wish you could come out more often and play with us.”
	Zelda: “Yeah.”
	Pablo: “Maybe we can figure out a way to get you loose at least part of the day.”
	Efscot: “We’ve broken the doors down a few times already.  It takes some effort and Joe and Mary quickly fix them and put us back in.  It just gives them a lot of work and we don’t have any problem with them.”
	Apple: “I hate to see you so unhappy.  There’s got to be a way.  Don’t your owners know how you feel?”
	Zelda: “No and if they did, they could care less.  To them, we’re the same thing as if they had a Porsche in their grubby driveway.”
	Efscot: “This is the first time we’re directly talking to you like this.  You were babies before, but you’re so smart and curious, I think you’re old enough now.”
	Pablo smiled and said; “Yes, I think we’re ready to listen to the resident malcontents and keep things in perspective.”
	Zelda: “Good answer.  By now you understand that you two have a very good life, as do the others, thanks to Joe and Mary.  We’re the two here with the problem.  Maybe we have to solve it ourselves, or shut up about it.”
	Pablo: “Oh, no.  You’re not alone.  We’re on your side and would like to help, if we knew how.”
	Zelda: “You’re sweet.  You see, we used to be show horses.  Humans considered us beautiful and when we were young our owners went out of their way to bring us all over the country, so that other people could admire us.  We liked that a lot.  We got to see new people and surroundings virtually every week.  And then when we were about three years old, our dollar value at a highpoint, we were sold to the boring cretins who still own us.”
	Apple: “You were sold?”
	Zelda:  “Yes.  That’s the human system.  Everything is bought and sold, often for no good reason, other than they don’t know what to do with themselves otherwise.  Someone once said; “Paupers exchange possessions, each one wishing for what the other has got.”  It’s stupid and we are paying the price.  But you guys are very lucky to have Joe and Mary.  They’re not like the majority.”
	Pablo: “So, we’re really the privileged ones.”
	Zelda: “Really, you are.  Just hope Joe and Mary never have to sell this place.”
	Pablo: “Why would they do that?”
	Efscot: “There are a lot of possibilities; death, poor health, money problems, ......”
	Pablo: “You’re given us a lot to think about.”
	Zelda: “Here’s some more.  As contented as you are here, wouldn’t you be just as contented, doing the same things, with no fences around you?”
	Apple: “No doubt, yes.  But we like Joe and Mary, too and wouldn’t they miss us?”
	Zelda: “Yes.”
	Efscot: “Yes, more than you can probably imagine.”
	Pablo: “We’ll see you later.”
	Pablo and Apple walked away slowly, looking at the ground.  They weren’t happy.  They weren’t sad.  They just knew that they now were entering another stage in their development and soon they might be making some difficult choices, that could affect the rest of their, as well as other lives.  Instead of playing today they would seek out some other perspectives.
	Pablo: “Hey, Charlie, I’d like to talk to you about something.”
	Charlie: “Sure, I’m feeling particularly bright today.”
	Pablo: “Would you rather be fenced in here or free in the outside world?”
	Charlie: “I’d rather be fenced in here.  In the outside world, I’d have to find my own food and that’s not easy.  There are coyotes out there and they kill and eat chickens.  I also like Joe and Mary a lot.”
	Apple: “Those are good reasons.”
	Charlie: “There’s more too.  The outside world is full of predators.  Humans and animals have territories that they claim for themselves and they try to get rid of anyone who crosses their border.”
	Apple: “Animals do that too?”
	Charlie: “Sure.  For instance, this is Joe and Mary’s territory and since they like us, we’re all allowed to use it as we wish.  Outside the gate you can see a couple of other properties.  You’ll notice that there are very unfriendly dogs on them.  If any of us went over there, they probably would attack us.”
	Charlene: “Oh Charlie, you can’t be sure about that.  Their bark may be much worse than their bites.”
	Charlie: “Well, I don’t want to find out the hard way.”
	Pablo: “Thanks.  We’ll have to talk again soon.  We have some thinking to do.”
	Charlie:  “Well, before you waste the day thinking, take us for rides.”
	Pablo and Apple smiled and squatted down so that Charlene and Charlie could get on their backs.  They went for a slow walk around the property, stopping at the gate a few times to take a look at the other properties.  Charlie wouldn’t sit still and kept pointing out all the items of interest to him.  Charlene told him to shut up a few times and it fell on deaf ears.  Pablo and Apple forgot about their ponderous thoughts and enjoyed another day spent with their good friends.  

Chapter 8

	A few days later the confusing thoughts recurred and they went to see the two biggest prisoners.
	Pablo: “Hi cranky.  Can we get your outlook on things again?”
	Zelda correctly assumed he was talking to her and retorted; “Sure, welcome to my nightmare.”
	Apple: “We’ve been talking to Charlie and Charlene.  I don’t think Charlie would ever want to leave here.  I’m guessing a bit at Charlene, but I think she’s not perfectly contented here.”
	Efscot: “To each their own.”
	Pablo: “Well, Charlie has a legitimate fear.  He’d be in danger out there and he could easily get killed.”
	Zelda: “I suppose he’d favor the walking death in here.”
	Efscot: “Zelda is extreme.  Sometimes I think she can only see black or white.  Gray doesn’t exist in her little brain.”
	Zelda: “Excellent perception, waffler.  If you haven’t noticed, things are either on or off, there is no in between.”
	Efscot: “But they might be on for you and off for Charlie at the same time.  If you’ve forgotten, you’re a horse and coyotes will not attack you.  Most other things will also pay your size proper respect.  It’s easy to be brave when you’re the biggest thing around.”
	Zelda affected an extremely bored tone and deadpanned; “A horse does have fewer problems, but there are things like bear, mountain lions and humans that aren’t particularly afraid of me.”
	Apple: “You’d risk being killed by a mountain lion to be out of here?”
	Zelda: “Of course.”
	Pablo: “Then why haven’t you tried to escape?”
	Zelda: “Because by the time we can kick down the gates, we’ve made enough noise to get Joe and Mary’s attention.  They come out and bring us back to the stalls and repair the gates.  But, I’ll tell you a big secret.  When Joe and Mary have workers here, they often get sloppy about closing the gates properly.  When that happens again, Efscot and I are heading for the hills no matter what.  The problem is that we need them to get sloppy with three gates at the same time; my stall, his stall and the outside gate.”
	Pablo:  “Has that ever happened?”
	Efscot: “Frankly, no.  We’ve been watching for years and the best we’ve ever seen were two open.”
	Apple: “You might be waiting for the impossible.”
	Zelda: “So far you’re right.  But, if I don’t have some hope, no matter how unlikely, I might as well kill myself.”
	Pablo: “I won’t allow that.  You’re our friends and we like talking to you.”
	Zelda was refreshed by the silly show of concern and said; “Thanks, I’ll reconsider.”  She laughed warmly and made an air kiss in Pablo’s direction.
	Apple: “Seriously, don’t you like seeing us as much as we do you?”
	Zelda sighed and emphatically said; “Yes, I love seeing you.  I see your young curious lives, still having every possibility open and it takes me away to a nice place.”
	Pablo and Apple understood that somewhat, but not precisely.  But, they knew it was a good thing to say.  They said goodbye and went off to do an interview with the dogs.  They saw Dominick and Vanessa playing some kind of chase game, mostly Dominick chasing Vanessa.  If the situation were reversed, it wouldn’t be much of a game, as she could catch him too easily.
	Pablo tried to joke and said; “Hey, Vanessa, don’t wear out the little guy.”
	Vanessa laughed, though Dominick was annoyed and he flatly responded; “All you self-assured big animals put together could not wear me out.”
	Vanessa saw Dominick’s seriousness, but laughed again, saying; “I can testify to that.”
	Apple: “Wouldn’t you guys like more room in which to run around?” 
	Dominick: “You’re talking about being outside of here again, aren’t you?  We’ve never been there, have plenty of space to run around here and I’m told there are gangs of coyotes out there that might want me or Vanessa for dinner.”
	Vanessa: “Coyotes aren’t likely to bother me, mostly because of my size.  But also because, being a Dalmatian, I intimidate many things.  We were bred by the gypsies in Eastern Europe to guard the wagons and to run along with them when they were moving.  So, we’re big enough, fierce enough and in good enough condition to do a lot of damage if we feel like it.  Many of us do, but not me.  I’d probably be pretty safe out there, but I’m not leaving my little love here.”
	Dominick felt insulted and said; “Little again.  How many times do I have to be reminded?”
	Everyone laughed at Dominick’s plight.
	Now, Dominick was visibly angry and issued a brave challenge; “I’ll go anyplace anyone else has the nerve to go and I’ll be fine as they are.  If something gets on my nerves, I know how to take care of myself.”
	Vanessa: “You think you can handle six coyotes at once?  They don’t come at you one at a time.  They work in groups.”
	Dominick: “So, you think you can handle six at once?”
	Vanessa: “I wouldn’t have to worry about them attacking me until they got you first.  Coyotes are smart enough not to go after big things until all the little easier things are gone.”
	Dominick: “Now it’s little AND easier.  Okay, end of conversation.  Bottom line, whenever anybody has the gumption to go, I will be with them.  Period.”
	Vanessa nuzzled Dominick’s snout with her own and said; “I want to keep you around a while, so, I’m staying here.”
	Apple: “If we all were close together, a kind of union, we’d have some protection.  I’m learning that my hooves can do severe damage and maybe Pablo and I can protect both of you.”
	Pablo: “You sound like you’re getting a real taste for adventure.”
	Apple: “I did, didn’t I?  I didn’t realize that when the thought came to mind.  I guess, now that I’m thinking out loud, that I’m a curious girl.”  She giggled.
	Vanessa to Dominick: “Do you really think you’d have a good time out there?”
	Dominick: “I want to see everything too.  I probably just have to be a little more careful than Apple and Pablo.”
	Pablo and Apple were surprised at what they were hearing and they also were surprised at what they, themselves had said.
	Dominick: “So, when are we all going?”
	They all laughed. 
	Pablo: “I really didn’t expect the conversation to take this direction.  You may not know that Efscot and Zelda desperately want to get out of here and they’ve felt that way for some time.  They’re excellent protection for all of us.”
	Apple: “It sounds like we’re getting close to ‘Let’s do it’.”
	Pablo: “Yeah, but, let’s try to keep all of us together.  We’re a family and want to stay together.  Tomorrow, we’ll talk to the goats.  They probably have some issues of their own.  Sometime later we’ll have to convince Charlie.  It sounds like Charlene is already on the fence.  Maybe if we gave them rides whenever they wanted one, without limitation, they’d take the final leap.”
	Vanessa: “This is exciting.  I feel like a criminal.”
	Dominick: “I feel like a warrior.”
	Pablo and Apple were just listening at this point.  They weren’t sure what they felt like.  They didn’t start today with any sense of what was to come.  Maybe they felt like they were being carried by a tide of unknown origin.  

Chapter 9

	When the duo woke up the next cloudy morning, they wanted to find out some things from their mother.
	Apple: “Mom, you said that you have NEVER been on the outside?”
	Annabelle: “No.  I was born here and have never left.”
	Pablo: “NEVER?”
	Annabelle: “Never.  Why should I leave?  I like it here.”
	Pablo: “You don’t ever get curious?”
	Annabelle: “Sure, I do.”
	Apple: “We’re only asking because it’s sounding more and more like most of the animals are itching to make a break for it and I think we’ll be with them.  But, we don’t want to leave you.”
	For Annabelle, who was previously aware of the gist of prior conversations through the rumor mill, the decision was an easy one.  She said; “Don’t worry about that.  If you go, I’m going with you.  You’re my only babies.”
	Pablo and Apple nuzzled faces with their mother, happy for what they had heard.  They walked away intending to find Hilda and Gunther.  They walked together slowly in the pre-dawn morning and saw no sign of the waddling, black, elusive leapers.  
	Pablo: “Come on out Gunther.  I know you’re around someplace.”
	Pablo and Apple’s heads turned to the sound of rustling leaves.  They saw a pile that the wind had pushed against the side of the barn and from it popped two horned heads.
	Gunther: “What a time to come looking for us.  The sun isn’t even up yet.”
	Pablo: “I’m sorry.  I guess we got overly excited.”
	Hilda frowned and groaned.  The two goats got on their feet and shook off the clinging leaves.
	Apple: “I apologize, too.  But now that you’re up there is something important we’d like to talk to you about.”
	Gunther and Hilda looked at each other with raised eyebrows and then broke into a laugh.  Hilda said; “What is it, little girl?”
	Apple: “We’ve been speaking with everyone else and it seems like we’re getting near escaping to the wild.”  
	Gunther and Hilda smiled and said nothing.
	Pablo: “We’d like to keep the whole family together and we’d like you two to come.”
	Gunther cleared his throat and said; “No problem.  How about you, Hilda?”
	Hilda: “I’m with you, baby.”  The two goats looked at the two horses, wondering what more was necessary to articulate.
	Pablo and Apple were pleased at the response, but quizzical and surprised with its rapidity and were at a temporary loss for words.
	After a lull Apple re-stated their proposition, saying; “So, if all the other animals make a break for it, you’re with us, no questions asked?”
	Gunther and Hilda nodded their heads affirmatively, as if to say; “Your redundancy is getting boring. YES!!”
	Pablo timidly said; “Thanks,” and he and Apple looked at each other curiously and walked away.  They turned around to see Gunther and Hilda get back under the leaves, as the sun made its presence known.
	They resumed walking and Pablo whispered; “Goats sure are weird.”
	Apple furrowed her brow and replied; “I’ll say.  Are they from this country?”  Pablo shrugged and after a few more steps they saw the chickens.
	Pablo: “Hey, Charlene.  Stop dancing around for a minute.  You too, Charlie.  We have to talk to you.”
	Charlene: “Sounds serious.”
	Apple: “As serious as you can get.”
	Charlie: “I don’t feel like being serious today.  I want to go for a ride.”
	Apple: “Hop on.  You can have all the rides you like, but we have to talk during them. ...... Well, at least today, anyway.”
	The chickens hopped on their usual elevated seats and the now medium sized horses started moving slowly, taking the same trip they had already taken hundreds of times.
	Pablo: “Happy, Charlie?”
	Charlie: “Very.”
	Pablo: “Good, I want to tell you that all the other animals seem ready to make a break for the outside and we’d like you two to come with us.”
	Charlie: “All of them?”
	Apple: “All.”
	Charlene: “That makes things different.  I don’t want to lose my entire family.”
	Charlie: “Me either, but I have my reservations.”
	Charlene: “Reserve your reservations.  This requires a yes or no answer.”
	Apple: “I think we understand your problem, but we can make special arrangements to keep you away from the coyotes.”
	Charlie: “Like?”
	Pablo: “We can make sure that you’re always around a horse.  The coyotes don’t want to come near a horse, because we can give them a really hard kick in the head.  If they have any doubts about that, maybe we’ll have to make an example.”
	Charlie: “Charlene, do you want to take your chances?”
	Charlene: “I’m feeling lucky today.”
	Charlie: “Okay, we’re with you.  Don’t mind me.  I can’t help but be a chicken, but with everyone’s assistance I think I can overcome that.”
	Apple: “I’m so glad to hear that.  We can keep riding forever.”
	With that good news in hand, or, more likely, in hooves, the little horses went over to see the most adamant protagonists.
	Apple: “Good morning, Efscot and Zelda.”
	Zelda: “I’ll say “Morning”; I haven’t noticed anything particularly good about it.”
	Pablo: “That’s where you’re wrong.  There is something outstanding about this morning.  We’ve found that everyone in the barnyard wants to go with you when you break out.”
	Efscot: “Now, you’ve scared her.  It was easy for Zelda to say how badly she wanted to leave, when it was only a very remote possibility, but now she’ll have to deal with reality.  It’s not her forte.”
	Zelda: “Reality, what a concept.  Maybe someday they’ll make television shows that limited.  I can hardly wait for the rave reviews to come in.  Imagine the popular appeal.  And no expense.  Great business.”
	Efscot: “What are you saying?  Even I don’t understand what you mean.”
	Zelda: “Dumbo, I mean that the reality I am living here has got to go.  I’m out that gate as soon as it’s open and I’m not looking back.”
	Efscot: “Okay, princess, I just wanted to be sure.  Sometimes you confuse me.  I don’t want to deal with a situation where you say, “I’m going.  I’m going.  I’m going.  I’m staying”.”
	Zelda over-overtly widened her eyes and said; “I know you just love it when I confuse you.”  She stuck her tongue out at Efscot and added; “Don’t worry about my going.  Are you sure of yourself?”
	Efscot: “I’m going wherever you go.  You know nobody else can entertain me like you.  I’d be suicidal here without you.”
	The two big horses gave each other a knowing, satisfied look, that the smaller horses didn’t fully understand, but the little ones knew enough to see that this escape was right on the horizon.
	Pablo: “The next step we’re going to take is to call everyone to a meeting right here tomorrow.  We’ll make our plans; deal with the problems and whatever else pops up.  Apple and I will tell everyone to be here in the AM right after breakfast.”
	Zelda: “I’ll try to hang on one more day.”
	Efscot: “She will and so will I.”
	After Pablo and Apple left Efscot said to Zelda; “You’d have been great on stage.”
	Zelda snorted and gave Efscot’s head a playful shove with her own.  

Chapter 10

	Pablo, Apple and Annabelle woke up the next day to Joe and Mary bringing everyone their breakfast.  They went through their usual routines of throwing corn to the chickens, giving leaves to the goats, meat slop for the dogs and hay for the horses.  They greeted each creature lovingly, usually patting heads, rubbing bellies and gave an occasional kiss.  Pablo and Apple got a feeling they didn’t expect.  Would this be the last time they would enjoy this pleasant morning routine?  This was an unsettling thought.  They watched Joe and Mary, as they never did before, wanting to remember every detail.  After they went back in the house, the horses stood quietly eating for a while and then just stood soundlessly looking at each other, each waiting for the others to have something illuminating to say, but no one felt up to the task.  The three eventually walked slowly to the stables, while they saw the other animals approaching in a similar manner.  They all looked at each other speechlessly, each understanding that at this moment they all felt the same thing; the feeling for which there is no single adequate word, maybe the closest group of words is “destiny calling, like it or not.”  It was resolute, sad, anticipating, joyous, fearful and probably a batch of other words, all pouring out simultaneously.  They knew they would never again be the same.  Zelda, with her acute artistic sensibilities, noticed the angst immediately and intolerant of what could be impending inertia, yelled out, “Remain chained, prisoners.”  She kicked her stall.  “If you feeling animals keep trying to outdo each other’s beautiful sensitivity, I’m going to puke.  I hope I can propel it far enough to reach some of you.  You might wake up and see that this is the time for hard decisions.”
	Efscot forcefully said; “She’s right, you know.  This is no time for cold feet.”
	The others still didn’t know what to say or do.  It was as if they knew they were in the process of choosing to leave behind a good part of their lives, to never return and to venture into something, at least, substantially unknown. 
	Zelda; to Efscot:  “It looks like you and I are back where we started.  I’m really nauseated.”
	Efscot: “Some animals are different than others.  When they say we’re all the same, what they’re really doing is flattering themselves.  If you cowards don’t plan on showing a quick sign of life, please return to your emotional safety nets.”
	Finally, Dominick’s concern for his unflattering appearance spoke out; “I don’t know what kind of nonsense you’re spouting, but, I came here to make an escape plan.  Is anyone here for any other reason?”  When the other animals all shook their heads “No”; Dominick continued; “All right then.  Let’s keep it moving.  I’m sick of listening to the intellectual psychological misfirings.  Let’s get down to a concrete plan.  It seems to me that the horses have the best natural ability for destruction, so, horses, tell us what you can do to destroy fences and gates and how long it will take.”
	Efscot: “I probably can kick down my gate in less than an hour.  Zelda can do the same.  If we do it during the day, we’ll probably be heard and stopped.  Night is the best bet.  Joe and Mary probably will sleep through it.”
	Annabelle: “I know the front gate well.  I might actually be able to unhook it.  If not, I can kick it down pretty quickly.”
	Dominick: “That’s all we need.  Will everyone be in attendance?”
	Everyone quietly nodded their heads.
	Charlie: “Isn’t there some way we can say goodbye and thanks to Joe and Mary?”
	Charlene: “Maybe we can leave some sort of sign.”
	Hilda: “How about piling up some rocks in an obvious way.  They won’t know exactly what it means, but they’ll probably know that we attempted to say something.”
	Zelda: “I can shape them into a small star, as if to say ‘up to the sky’.”
	There was a general “mmmmm” sound from the group, to indicate that they liked the idea.
	Charlie: “Of course Charlene and I get a ride all the way.  We’re not exactly fast walkers.”
	Apple: “You get all the rides you want, right, Pablo.”
	Pablo: “Right.”
	Dominick: “Any more requests?”
	Gunther: “You know Hilda and I aren’t very fast.  Everyone has to go at our speed, or else we’ll get left behind and lost.”
	Annabelle: “I want to go slow anyway.  At night I want to do my best to be able to see hazards on the road.”
	Efscot: “I agree, but don’t worry too much.  We’re going to go a way Zelda and I have gone many times.  We’ll be in front and we’ll let you know where the tricky spots are.”
	Vanessa: “I know it’s silly, but I wish there were some way to bring Joe and Mary with us.”
	Dominick: “They might not want to go, anyway.”
	Vanessa: “I guess.”
	Zelda, with a slightly agitated tone, said; “You’re dealing with a silly question.  There’s no doubt that we’re all different from birth.  Joe and Mary, too.  If they wanted to leave, they have no fences holding them back, at least not physical ones.  Since they haven’t left, it means they want to stay.  What else can anyone conclude?”  
	No one said anything.  
	Zelda triumphantly continued; “I thought so.  What we have to remember now, is that, even with our physical differences, we animals share a common mind.  We’re a wandering family.  We all want to see what else there is in our world.  If it turns out to be worse than here, everybody is forgetting that we can always come back.”
	Heads, snouts, beaks and horns, slowly and silently, shook “Yes.”
	Efscot: “I think that says everything that need be said.  It sounds as if we’ve resolved the technical difficulties.  All that’s left is to set a time.”
	Zelda: “How about tonight?  I say now because if we wait too long we’ll all think of things to regret and then find reasons to delay.  Let’s target all of us leaving at 3AM.  Efscot and I will start kicking at 2AM and I presume Annabelle will get the front gate ready by 3AM.”
	Annabelle: “Guaranteed.”
	Zelda: “Okay, I suggest that everyone go spend the day with the things they want to remember most.  Say goodbye, get some sleep and we’ll all reassemble by 3AM.”
	They all looked at each other, shuffling around a bit, but not moving much.  They all realized that the things they wanted to remember most were each other and they didn’t have to say goodbye, because all would still be together.  Eventually, they all silently went and lay down in their usual spots, trying to get some rest, for what could be a long night.  

Chapter 11

	By the time they all had re-convened at 2:45AM, Efscot, Zelda and Annabelle had already knocked down their assigned gates.
	Efscot: “Here we go.  One last minute instruction to everyone.  We’ll be going down Captivation Road, a bit.  There are often cars there, but they stay on the paved part.  So stay on the dirt and grass on the side of the road, even if it is very uneven.  We’ll turn on Academy Road, go about three blocks, with the same situation.  Stay off the paved road.  Zelda and I will be in front.  Just follow us.  Annabelle will be in the back, essentially for protection.  We could see coyotes anywhere and we don’t need any sneaking up on us.  If you see shiny little eyes somewhere on the way, don’t be startled.  They won’t do anything with us horses around.  Again, always stay on the dirt.  When we turn onto a dirt ditch path, it will be easy, as you’ll have no choice.  There shouldn’t be any cars there and we can follow it to the river.”
	They all took a last look at the place they’d called home for so long.  Wet eyes were the story of the day.  They kept half hoping that Joe and Mary would come out, so that they could get one last precious look at their friends, of course realizing that at the same time their intended journey would be prevented.  Perhaps, what some wanted at this point was a really good excuse.  An airtight alibi is often desirable, with which one could say; “I really tried, but things beyond my control prevented it.”  Did one want to say this to others, themselves or both?
	In the still of the dark night the horses had done their work.  When all were ready they made a collective sigh and took one final gaze.  Zelda was the exception and said; “There’s no looking back now.”  Charlie and Charlene climbed up on Apple and Pablo’s backs.  Efscot and Zelda went out the broken gate in tandem, turning right down Captivation Road.  They were followed by Dominick and Vanessa, Gunther and Hilda, Apple and Pablo with Charlie and Charlene riding and finally Annabelle.  The first part of the trip was easy.  A full moon afforded good light.  They all slowly passed houses on properties that were fenced, some very solidly.  No cars were in evidence.  On one side they saw a heavily wooded area and on the other was a sprawling church compound, with the church itself, some businesses, some outbuildings and a school.  They then saw lights coming toward them; a car; and worse a police car.  It slowed down and the two officers smiled at the group, amused by the sight of the eleven trespassers.
	Cop #1 looked in the direction of the diverse group and said; “Running away?”
	Frightened animals didn’t understand, made no response and stared.
	Cop #2 smiled in their direction and answered his partner for them, saying; “Probably.”
	Cop #1: “There’s nothing we can do about it, right?”
	Cop #2: “No, Animal Control is off duty and we aren’t going to try to round up this bunch.”
	Cop #1 smiled, waved at the animals and said; “Good luck.”  The car picked up some speed and disappeared in the distance.
	Zelda exhaled and said to Efscot; “I think we got lucky.  Let’s move a little quicker, before they come back and see us again.”
	Efscot: “Hey Gunther and Hilda.  Is it all right if we pick up a little speed?”
	Hilda: “Try it.  We’ll yell if it’s too much.”
	The entourage breezed through Academy Road, noticing one horse in a wire fenced area opposite the school.  They walked over to the fence to get a better look at this sight.
	Fenced horse: “Where do you think you’re going?”
	Zelda was annoyed at what she considered a stupid question and sharply said; “To the Promised Land, heathen.”
	Fenced horse: “I don't know any land that was promised.”
	Zelda: “Then call it nirvana.”
	Fenced horse: “I’m going to wish you luck.  It sounds like you’re going to need it.”
	Efscot laughed, turned his head toward the fully leafed cottonwood tree at the far corner of the fenced horse’s enclosure and said; “Try the mushrooms growing right under your nose.”
	They kept going past five more houses on one side of the road and a children’s playground on the other.  The contingent turned onto a dirt road; the previously mentioned ditch path.  There were actually two parallel ditch paths with water slowly flowing in the center, between them.  There were bridges and crossovers along the way, in case for some reason, they’d need to switch sides.
	Efscot called out; “Good news.  We’ve finished the hardest part.  Now, the most likely problem, if any, is the possibility of coyotes.  If you get scared, just remember they will not get near us with all the horses around.  They can be tricky, circling around and they might get as close as fifty feet.  Stay together.”
	Everyone was quiet.  Excepting Efscot and Zelda, none had seen this territory before.  The things that would one day become commonplace were all new, mysterious and dark.  They saw sliding ponds and exterior sculptures, standing still in the dark, like giant lizards.  They were a little scary to most, but also magical and a sign of all the wonders to come.
	The troops continued slowly down the ditch path.  They passed by more things they had never before seen.  They wondered what people did with the mini-plastic golf courses and the heavy duty digging equipment.  About halfway down the road they saw two horses wandering around in the dark.  They were reticent to come over to their wire fence at first, but they warmed up a bit when they determined that they were not under attack.
	Zelda: “Hey, what are you doing?”
	Horse #1: “Watching you.”
	Pablo asked; “Do we look strange to you?” simultaneously remembering he had a chicken on his back.
	Horse #2 grinned and flatly said; “More than a little.  With all the people and animals I’ve seen coming down this road for the last five years, I’ve never seen such a diverse group.  I purposely chose a kind word.”  He frowned.
	Zelda laughed, “I guess we never thought about it that way.  We think of ourselves as compatriot wanderers or something.  We’re a family going free.”
	Horse #1: “What do you mean free?”
	Zelda: “Where there are no fences, stupid.”
	Horse #1: “You’re the stupid one.  There are fences everywhere.  Can’t you see in the dark?”
	Zelda: “You obviously have a severely limited vantage point.  I’ve been out here before and I’ve seen where there are no fences, unless people have been putting them up like crazy lately.”
	Horse #2: “Maybe they have.  The human that lives right here puts up fences for a living.”
	Zelda: “Figures.”
	Horse #1: “You’re absolutely dreadful.”
	Zelda: “I’m also free and I’m going to use that freedom to get away from you.  Stay here with your fence building master.”
	Apple: “She can get surly.  If you want to you can come with us.”
	Horse #2: “No thanks.  I think we’re staying put.  At least here we don’t have to be around any ill-mannered horses.”
	Zelda could have continued the conversation, but decided that what Horses #1 and 2 thought was of no interest to her anyway.  It was always obvious to her when talk became useless.  Some animals have a slavish mentality and it wasn’t her job to educate them.  At least that’s what she felt and was very comfortable with that.
	Efscot said to Horses #1 and #2; “If you’re seriously looking for conversation, you’ll have to talk to someone else.  We’ve already been through that and now it’s time for action.”
	Charlie instilled some cheer, saying; “As long as I’m up here I like what I see.  Are those apple trees further down the road?”
	Horse #1: “Many are, but not all.”
	Gunther: “Well, wherever we settle, I hope there are plenty of them.”
	The strange group didn’t break pace during the course of this conversation and were now putting some distance between themselves and the two horses they met.  They came upon a large field of planted trees.
	Apple: “Are those baby apple trees?”
	Efscot: “No, most of them are grown just to be ornamental and pretty.”
	Everyone looked at them and laughed as they continued on.  Soon they came to a crossing paved road, at which Efscot and Zelda stopped.
	Zelda: “Everyone listen.  This is the last time we have to cross a road where there might be cars.  So, Efscot and I will decide when to cross.  We’ll move quickly and everybody should do the same right behind us.”
	Vanessa: “Wait a minute.  How will you know the right time to go?”
	Zelda:  “I can see a few hundred feet in each direction.  If I don’t see a car, we’ll go.”
	Vanessa: “Wait.  Dominick and I can do better than that.  If we put our ears to the ground at the edge of the road, we can hear a car a few thousand feet away.  Let us go first for now.”
	Efscot and Zelda nodded approval and moved to the side of the path to let the dogs through.  The dogs put their ears to the ground.
	Vanessa stood up and said; “Wait, I’m hearing a rumble.”  Everyone remained still and stared at the road.  Soon a fast moving black sports car came racing through and paid no attention to the odd group.  After it passed the dogs once again put their ears to the ground.
	Vanessa: “I can’t hear anything.  Everybody scoot now.”  The dogs bolted across the road and the other animals did the same.  The only problem was that Charlie and Charlene were not holding on to Apple and Pablo tightly enough.  They started to fall off on the road.  Annabelle had to stop to avoid stepping on the chickens.  Everyone turned and stared, fearful of some tragedy.  That second felt like five minutes, with everything in slow motion.  Another car was now coming.  They could see the lights.  But Charlie and Charlene started to flap their wings and immediately started flying across the road.  Annabelle moved quickly behind them.  To anyone watching they probably looked more comical than scared.  The car went five feet off the road toward the group, coming within two feet of Annabelle and kept going.
	Annabelle: “That was close.  If I didn’t know humans better, I’d of thought they were trying to hit us.”
	Efscot and Zelda looked at each other and shook their heads.  They wordlessly agreed that there was no point in saying anything to that piece of optimism.
	Zelda: “The good news is that we now shouldn’t see any more cars.  Let’s keep going.”
	Charlie and Charlene got back on their now customary perches and the group headed down a short dirt road with a metal bridge at the end of it, which traversed the ditch, leading to a longer ditch path.
	Efscot: “Is everyone okay with going across the bridge?  I’m speaking primarily to Pablo, Apple and Annabelle.  Some horses don’t feel comfortable with them, maybe because they weigh more than the supporting structure.”
	The other three horses, didn’t know that bridges were scary to some horses until Efscot said what he did.  So, they never thought of the possibility of being personally afraid until now.  Luckily the new thought didn’t bother anyone and one by one, the group crossed the ten foot bridge.  Without any more obstacles they quickly passed through the half mile ditch path and saw a hill at the end of it.
	Efscot: “It’s easy to climb and just wait till you see the view.”
	They all climbed the little hill easily.  It was gradually sloping, about fifteen feet high, built for flood control and ease of entry to and exit from the “wild” side.  At the top, they could see five distinct dirt paths which led to others, going in every direction, some straight, some winding and some in-between.  They could see the lights on in some of the houses off in the far west.  They were at the edge of a forest of ninety foot cottonwood trees and assorted bushes.  For the majority, they saw the river for the first time, with its islands containing other types of growth.  They could see more forest across the river and a gigantic mountain behind that.  They had seen the mountain before, but never from this close.  At this moment, the happy crew was in awe of the beauty and glad they made the trip.  They silently remained stationary, took in the view and lost track of time.  

Chapter 12

	Efscot and Zelda anxiously started moving and led the others down the other side of the gently sloping hill and down a 200 foot winding path to the edge of the river.
	Zelda announced; “We’re going across.”
	“Nooooooo” was the general cry from the multitude.
	Efscot offered the logic, saying; “We’re now in an area where a lot of humans go to sit, walk, ride bikes and ride horses during the day.  If they see us, we’ll get reported to someone and they’ll come and take us back.”
	Pablo: “What’s different across the river?”
	Efscot: “It’s Indian land.  It’s very lightly used and we have a better chance at some privacy over there.”
	Only Zelda really understood what that meant. The conclusion the rest made was that maybe Indians are different from other humans.  However, they did understand the need for privacy and took Efscot’s word on the matter.
	Zelda said, with an undetectable sigh of relief; “I knew we’d be in luck.  The river is low this time of year and not moving very fast.”  She didn’t bother to mention that the depth and flow of the river was now entirely controlled by humans, as she was near here often enough to know their “management” patterns, with a high degree of accuracy, but not perfection.  She continued; “The horses should be able to walk through pretty easily.  The dogs will have easy short swims in spots.”  She caught herself and paused a few seconds; “No, Dominick will have to swim a lot of the way.  Think you can do it, little man?”  She knew the words to use to spur him on.
	Dominick: “The next animal to call me little is going to have trouble swimming or walking for that matter, with their broken leg.  I think I can swim most of the way and if I get tired I’ll bite onto Vanessa’s tail and she’ll pull me in spots.”
	Zelda: “My apologies.  You are all heart, my friend.  So, Charlie and Charlene will be fine on horseback.  The biggest problems will be those of Gunther and Hilda.  Do you swim?  You might have to in some spots.”
	Hilda: “No, we never have.”
	Zelda: “You have good bodies for floating; chubby with a lot of hair.  You just need confidence.  No panic attacks.  It’s no big deal.  Even humans can do it.”
	Hilda giggled; “I’ll try,” stressing try. 
	Gunther: “What’s the worst thing that can happen?”
	Efscot: “There are parts of the river that are over your heads.  The bed is uneven.  Zelda and I will be in front and if we do it right, we will go sideways when we get to a deep spot, until we find shallower water.  All of the water we will lead you through should be head high for goats at the deepest.”
	Hilda: “Well, Dominick has the option of biting onto Vanessa’s tail if necessary.  Can we bite onto yours?”  meaning Efscot and Zelda.
	Zelda: “Sounds like fun.  Of course you can.  But remember, you can swim, easily.  Your only enemy is doubt.”
	They stood motionless for a few seconds staring at each other.  Each was looking to see if they could detect any doubts in the others, for each felt very capable.
	Zelda: “Efscot and I will be in front.  Gunther and Hilda go right behind us, so you can bite on our tails if necessary.  Pablo and Apple next with Charlene and Charlie on board.  Dominick and Vanessa next.  And, Annabelle, you have the most important job, going last.  You have to see that everything in front of you goes right.”
	Annabelle: “You have a lot of faith in me.”
	Efscot: “We all do.”
	They entered the water slowly.  It was cold, maybe 50 degrees, but they only had to go a total of 500 feet and near the middle was a sizeable island where they could take a break.  They were quite a sight, not the stuff one is used to seeing daily, anyway.  But, no humans were there at this time of the evening to witness the trespassing creature parting of the Red Sea.  Zelda and Efscot knew the first half of the river reasonably well, because their owners had brought them out there a few times at low tide and they remembered the deep spots and places with underwater debris that could trip or entangle a leg.
	The first half of the trip was without incident and they climbed onto the middle island, looking wet and ridiculous, but feeling excited and triumphant. 
	Dominick growled; “Let’s take a few minutes.  I’ve been dog paddling most of the way.”
	Charlie: “That’s one of the best horse rides I’ve ever been on.”
	Efscot: “Don’t anybody start celebrating yet.  That was the easy part.  Zelda and I have never crossed all the way to the other side.  So, from now on we could be in for surprises.”
	Annabelle: “I thought you said that the river was definitely low.”
	Zelda: “Yes, I did and it is that.  However, sometimes a river forms a deep channel somewhere and all of a sudden you can drop down five feet.  The biggest problem is for the horses and the chickens by association.  But, I’m confident we can handle it, if we go very slowly and are careful with every step.  If we run into a channel we’ll try to go sideways around it and hopefully it will disappear at some point.  If not, we’ll have to try to cross it at a high point.”
	Apple: “Are you sure you know what you’re doing?”
	Zelda: “No.”
	Annabelle: “Don’t worry.  She’s lying, because she’s being overly honest, if that makes any sense.  Besides, I’ve got everybody’s back covered.”
	After a ten minute break, they again entered the cold water.  As promised, Zelda and Efscot went first and very slowly.  After an easy 100 feet, Zelda’s front foot was not hitting the bottom.  She turned up river and instructed everyone to stay a bit back and to the right of her.  She was walking along the channel, every once in a while stepping toward it, trying to find the end or a spot where the drop off was not so severe.  She’d get up as close to the edge as possible and then dip in her left front foot.  This process want on for a good ten minutes, when she detected a spot that seemed shallower.  She walked slower than before, at times coming to a complete stop.  Her feet were now in mud, about six inches deep, which made the job even more difficult.
	She continued this approach for a while, until she felt an incline. She proceeded to walk up the three foot rise to where the water was at its normal level, a total submergence of two feet.
	Zelda: “Go very slowly and be careful of the mud.  It’s probably the most difficult thing we’ll have to get through.”
	Dominick: “What mud?  I haven’t been touching bottom for a while.  Luckily I’m a good doggie paddler.”
	Vanessa gave Dominick a stern look and he said; “What? ...... What did I say?”  He got no response.
	Hilda: “We’re barely touching bottom, but we can handle it.”
	The entire group of eleven, if you count riding chickens, passed through the difficult area, but after Annabelle took her second step she found another deep drop off.  She must have veered a little too much.  She fell in the hole with a big splash.  Most everyone panicked, but Annabelle was able to keep her head above water.  She shook off some of it and said, “I think I’m okay.”  While everyone else watched in a deeply concerned silence, Annabelle tried to go up a three foot incline.  She kept slipping back because of the mud, but was able to keep her balance and kept trying.  After the fifth or sixth try she got near the top and just needed one more good step to be back to relative safety.  She stood still and thought about it a few seconds.  She wanted to take this step exactly right because she didn’t want to risk sliding back down.  Who knows how many more tries it would take to get back this far again?  She thought that if she was able to get her two front feet over the top, she’d be able to pull herself up with them, in case her back legs slid down.  She got the left one up.  While she was getting the right one up, she bent her front knees to bring her weight closer to the ground.  And then it happened; her back legs started sliding down.  She made a big splash, which produced a lot of worried expressions and quickly commenced using her front feet to pull her weight up.  After three tries she found a place to put her front feet and have some leverage.  She then pulled her muddy body up to the “safety” enjoyed by her companions.  Everyone’s eyes dimmed a bit in relief, when they saw her make it.  	Charlie broke the silence with an intended joke, saying; “Boy, you are certainly a mess,” referring to the mud covering most of her body.  
	Everyone laughed, if not at Charlie’s joke, then with relief.  
	Efscot told the crew; “There is usually only one of these, so we should do pretty well now.  But if we hit another one, just copy what Annabelle did.  She was perfection.”  He looked at Annabelle and continued; Are you sure you haven’t been out here before?”
	Annabelle smiled and said; “Maybe in another life.  I did do pretty well, didn’t I?  I must have had some practice somewhere.”  She shyly bowed her head.
	The eleven went on a few minutes without incident, until they came close to shore.  In most places a three foot vertical leap was necessary to get on dry land, but there were also spots where water runs off during the rain, which were much more graduated.  Zelda veered a bit toward what looked like one of those.  It was hard for her to be sure since it was still dark.  When she got close to it Zelda was happy to see that the chosen spot was a manageable one.  She led the group and when everyone was up, they all stood still for a few minutes just moving their heads around.  Their feet were planted, more or less, firmly in the mud of the other side.  

Chapter 13

	It was beautiful, but not virgin land.  They were in a forest of fifty to one hundred year old cottonwoods, about ninety feet tall.  Their irregular, chaotic branching took on a special, wild meaning.  It was apparent that someone had done some clearing recently as there were some tree stumps, but it was also going to be easy to walk there as the dead branches, normally lying on the ground on the other side, were completely cleared away in their “new” home.
	Zelda: “This is a first for all of us.  Efscot and I have never been on this side of the river before, either.  This is Indian land.”
	Apple: “Are Indians human?”
	Zelda laughed and said; “Of course Indians are human.  They have their own unique characteristics and some humans don’t treat them as if they are, but that’s a long, sad, irrelevant story now.”
	Pablo: “But, the Indians own this land the same way humans own the land we left, right?”
	Efscot: “Yes, they just treat it differently and leave it more naturally.”
	Pablo: “Then why did they clear out a lot of the trees?”
	Efscot: “That’s actually called thinning.  In the case of a fire, they will be more able to control it.”
	Apple winced, expressed worry and asked; “Are there fires out here?”
	Efscot:  “Usually, on the average of once a year.  But, that’s true where we came from, too.”
	Pablo:  “What do we do if there’s a fire?”
	Zelda: “Get as far away from it as possible.  If you’re surrounded by fire, go into the river and hope that it’s not high and swiftly flowing.  You might try stopping on one of the islands.  Some of them are so new that they don’t have anything on them that burns.”
	Pablo: “So it can be tricky?”
	Efscot: “Yes.  But, I can tell you’re a smart little boy and you’ll figure it out if necessary.”
	Apple: “How about me?  I’m not a smart little boy.”
	Zelda: “You’re a smart little girl, which is even better.”
	There seemed to be a low, general, disgruntled moan coming from the male members of the contingent and laughter from the females.
	Zelda: “I’m only kidding. ...... A little bit.  Let’s just enjoy this for a while.”
	The sun was just starting to pop out from the top of the mountain, affording everyone a better view.  Many different kinds of birds began going about their daily chores, some singing.  Though they didn’t articulate it, they all felt that this would be the auspicious beginning of something good.  They lay down in the tall grass quietly with gentle smiles.  They dozed in the warming morning sun.  Within half an hour, all the wetness which blanketed them from the river, dried up.  They fell asleep for a few hours as everyone was tired after spending the night traveling, rather than sleeping.  
	They started to rouse around noon and they realized that they were still in easy view of the humans on the opposite shore.  Early morning dog walkers were seen.
	Charlie: “Uh, oh.  We better move somewhere else.  We’ve been spotted.”
	Efscot:  “We’ll be moving eventually anyway.  But don’t worry about the humans.  They can’t come over here and they don’t talk to the few Indians who do live here.  They’ll probably think we’re just wild animals, anyway.”
	Vanessa was confused and asked; “Now we are wild animals, aren’t we?”
	Zelda said; “You bet your life, baby.”
	Pablo: “I’ve got a million questions to ask.  But, I’m not going to.  I’ll just have to accept that humans are weird.”
	Zelda: “You are my little boy.”
	Annabelle: “We’ll share him.”
	Pablo and Apple could see that they had an abundance of good teachers and were therefore very fortunate.
	Efscot: “Is everybody ready to get moving again?”
	No particular answer came, but there was no disagreement. 
	Efscot: “We’re still pretty close to where the Indians live and we’d rather not be sighted by them.  So let’s take a walk upriver and see where we can find a spot without any signs of human activity.”
	Charlene: “When do we eat?  I’m very hungry.”
	Zelda: “As soon as we get to a more private spot with some apple trees.  Apples, grass and hay are going to be our main meals from now on.”
	They all started moving in the same marching order they had previously established.  After only a few miles, they started to come to a completely untended area.  There were large tree branches lying on the ground and the only paths were the tiny ones made by the coyotes.  Some places had strings of mole hills, which prevented undergrowth and could be utilized for easy walking. 
	Zelda: “We’re in the right area now.  Let’s find a spot with a good view of the river and the mountain.”
	Efscot: “We won’t start working until tomorrow.”
	Charlie’s eyes popped and in a high, screechy voice, he said; “Working?”
	Efscot sternly replied; “Yes, working.  We’ll have to build some kind of shelter.”
	Hilda: “I thought only humans did that.”
	Zelda: “It’s not only a human thing, though some humans seem to think so.  We’ll all have to construct something like the barn we used to know so well.  The horses can move and pile up a lot of these dead tree branches.  They interlock pretty easily and the smaller animals can gather smaller sticks, small brush, grass and mud to fill in the open spaces.”
	The others thought that that sounded like a good idea and even Charlie was anxious to start “working,” as long as it was tomorrow.  In the meantime they just spent the day exploring all the new sites, eating apples and grass and staying reasonably close together, mindful of coyotes.  When dark came they slept on the ground.  At first, they heard only the meanderings of small animals, leaves rustling in the wind, birds chirping and the rush of the river.  It was a trifle unsettling.  However, they quickly acclimated to the “quiet” and felt at peace with the absence of abrasive chainsaws, mallets, meaningless conversation and dangerous machine powered vehicles.  

Chapter 14

	They woke the next day to a cloudless sunny morning maximizing clarity.  Apple thought she was up slightly earlier than the rest and she lay there not moving, watching the others and taking in the new scenery.  She didn’t know that most of the others were doing the same thing.  The birds were singing and making their usual forays to the sky and wormy ground.  Pablo spotted a gigantic white bird sitting by itself at the high edge of one of the river islands.
	Pablo was so surprised he called out; “Look over there.  It looks like that bird is as big as me.”
	Efscot sleepily responded; “It’s probably a little smaller than you and you’ll continue to grow.  That is a very big bird you don’t see very often.  I think it’s called an ibis.  They’re supposed to be a sign of wisdom.”
	Apple: “Then why is it by itself?  I’ve already noticed that most birds are in twos and when there’s a flock it usually is an even number.”
	Efscot: “I can’t answer that one.”
	Zelda: “Maybe its mate died.”
	Apple: “Maybe we can walk over there later and ask him.”
	Zelda: “Or her.  We’d probably have to go through dangerous water to get there and besides birds don’t deign to talk to us.”
	Hilda: “I know.  I don't know what their problem is.  We never did anything to them.”
	Vanessa: “Well, I have to admit, I chase birds sometimes.  Whenever I run over to them, they fly away.”
	Apple: “Well, you can’t blame them.  You’re a lot bigger than they are and they might think you want to eat them.”
	Zelda: “There seem to be a lot of good reasons not to go out there and try to meet the ibis.  Why it’s alone is probably a longer story than anyone wants to sit through.  “Mr. or Ms. Wisdom” probably couldn’t tell us anything we didn’t already know anyway.”
	Efscot: “You really think you know everything.”
	Zelda: “Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, baby.  You wouldn’t have anything to say if you didn’t copy it from me.”
	Efscot and Zelda looked at each other, stuck out their tongues and made a “phft” sound, laughing.
	Annabelle: “I already miss Joe and Mary coming out to feed us about this time.  I hope they understand.”
	Charlene:  “They’ll miss and worry about us a lot for a while.”
	Everyone was silent for a minute.
	Dominick: “I’ve listened to enough conversation.  When are we going to go and get breakfast?  I’m famished.”
	Gunther: “I’ve been waiting for someone to say something like that.  Let’s get moving, before we’re too old to want to.”
	Efscot led everyone about two hundred feet away to a group of ten apple trees.  Some apples were lying on the ground for smaller animals like Charlie, Charlene and Dominick.  The bigger animals took the apples they wanted directly from the tree and managed to knock some more to the ground in the process.
	After they ate they commenced “work.”  The horses pushed and carried dead branches lying on the ground back to their favorite site and commenced piling them up in a 40 by 40 foot square, leaving one opening for entry and exit.  The others gathered smaller sticks and dried grass to fill the spaces between the logs.
	“Hey, what are you doing?” an approaching voice loudly said.
	The animals were startled and afraid.  They all turned to the sound and were surprised to see an Indian boy of about ten.  This was the first time that any of them clearly understood a human language.  They were all in a bit of shock and didn’t know how to handle the situation.
	The Indian boy kept slowly approaching and said; “Hi, I’m Reynard.  I live a few miles upriver and often walk here.  I’ve never seen you before.”
	Zelda warily said; “We just got here yesterday.”
	Reynard: “Why’d you come here?”
	Charlene: “Freedom.”
	Reynard: “That’s the real reason I go walking here, too.  There’s nobody here to make any rules for me.”
	Annabelle attempted to be gracious and asked; “Do you want to stay here with us?”
	Reynard laughed and said; “Thank you very much, but unfortunately I can’t do that.  But, if it’s all right with you, I’d like to spend some time with you guys, as long as you don’t start establishing rules for me.”
	Zelda: “You sound like my kind of guy.  Can anybody think of any rules that we have here?”
	Charlie: “Work.”
	Reynard: “I’ll be glad to help with whatever you’re doing.”
	Reynard did some tasks that he could handle easier than an animal.  He balanced the logs and eventually, with horse help lifted and placed broken tree limbs over the walls to get the roof on.  When completed the structure had enough room to easily house the eleven animals, as long as no one got too frisky.  Reynard visited most days and seemed to take a special liking to Apple.  She was cute and liked making silly remarks to him.
	Happy months passed.  The trespassing crew settled into their new surroundings and enjoyed frequent visits from their helpful, human, Indian helper and friend.

	They woke up one fall morning to dawn rumblings in the sky.  With a patchy, muted glow emanating from above them, hundreds of small gray clouds dotted the animal’s high canvas, propelled by a cold, light northern breeze.  The tiny intruders upstairs didn’t do anything themselves, except make unfriendly noise and produce a few sporadic drops of rain, which dried upon contact with anything.  Perhaps, they were waiting for reinforcements before attempting anything “brave.”
	When Reynard joined them, they did their usual routines, paying no attention to the miniscule annoyances.  They joked, ran, ate and romped until Reynard saw his brother, Iktome come looking for him. 
	Reynard showed concern and said; “Uh oh, here comes my pesty brother.”
	Zelda sensed his worry and responded in kind, saying; “What’s wrong?”
	Reynard: “He won't like this.”
	Zelda: “Like what?”
	Reynard: “He doesn’t like me walking alone out here and he won’t like you guys building a house on Indian land.  He also doesn’t believe animals have the right to be free.  This isn’t going to be pleasant.”
	Iktome, upon seeing Reynard surrounded by animals, said; “So, this is what you’ve been doing all morning?”  
	The animals were confused and silent; as they could not understand Iktome’s words the way they could Reynard’s.
	Reynard: “Yes, so?”
	Iktome trained his small eyes on Reynard, stood tall in his discount store, ersatz Native American outfit and said; “So, I’m your older brother and I say that you have better things to do with your time.”
	Reynard threw back his shoulders, maximizing his proximity to the sky and replied; “Key words there are ‘your time’.  Exactly right, it is my time and I’ll do with it as I please, with or without your permission.”
	Iktome: “I ought to slap you silly.”
	Reynard brushed the dirt from his matching denim pants and snap-up shirt and disgustedly said; “Let’s cut out all the stupid talk.  What’s your problem?”  He threw out his hands in front of him, clearly communicating in a non-verbal manner; “Bring it whenever you feel bad enough.”
	Iktome predictably sidestepped and said; “You ought to be home more to help out with the chores and I’m not going to tolerate a brother who hangs around with animals.”	
	Reynard: “So, disown me or something.  You are not my boss.”	Iktome: “We’ll see about that.  I’m going back home and I’m going to tell Mom and Dad what you’ve been doing all these mornings.  They probably wouldn’t mind making some new additions to our barnyard, either.”  He cautiously turned and started walking back home.  Reynard knew he had to tell his new friends what was said.	
	Reynard: “My brother is going to bring us a problem.  He’s just out to make himself think that he’s my boss and I can handle that easily.  But, my family also keeps animals in pens and I’m afraid he’s going to come back here, with others of my tribe for a roundup.”	Dominick: “You’ve got to be kidding us.”
	Reynard: “Unfortunately, no.  I’m sorry that I’ve brought you this trouble.  You’re going to have to find another home or risk winding up in captivity.”
	Zelda angrily and loudly said; “We should never have befriended you.  Humans always cause animals problems.  ‘Friendly’ Indians are no different.  Why don’t you just follow your creep brother out of here?”	Reynard was hurt by the sharpness of the comments, but could see the truth in it from her vantage point.  He chose not to make any excuses and said “I’m truly sorry.  I’ll miss you all,” turned away from them and followed his creep brother home.  He decided that any future walks he would take would be in other direction, so as not to lead any more predators to his former friends.  

Chapter 15

	Dominick: “I was under the impression that the only problem we would have out here would be the coyotes.”
	Zelda: “I made a serious mistake in judgment.  I thought the Indians would leave us alone, the same way they like being left alone.  I apologize to all of you.  But, what can we do now?  Let’s gather up some of our things and get moving as soon as possible.  I can honestly tell you all that this journey will be a lot easier than the first one, because we won't have to cross the river again.”
	Gunther: “Since you’re capable of such serious misjudgments, maybe we ought to look to someone else to make the plans.”
	Zelda: “Fine with me.  I’d like to hear some ideas other than my own.”
	There was a minute of silence, since nobody else had any ideas other than to get moving.
	Dominick: “All right, let’s all follow Efscot and Zelda again.  Nobody knows anything better.  But, I say, that we should do everything possible to stay away from all humans, no matter the meaningless distinctions drawn between them.  If any others approach us why can’t we just run away?”
	Zelda: “Your hindsight is 20-20.  I’m sorry.  I clearly was too trusting of the little human.  But, no one else voiced any objections until it was too late anyway.  Efscot and I will lead the way again, unless there are any objections.  If anyone’s got any bright ideas I’d really like to hear them.  In the meantime, let’s get moving out of here right now.”
	The usual pecking order persisted.  They went through cottonwood forests, which were shedding in preparation for winter; fields of predominately cotoneaster, not currently in bloom; sandy beaches near the river with sparse varied small growth; rocky areas devoid of growth, newly exposed by a shifting current; and mixtures of many types of grasses, which formed a floor for numerous varieties of trees and shrubs.  They saw squirrels, rabbits, butterflies, snakes and scores of birds enjoying the warming day under an unblocked sun, as the wind settled down after it dispersed the gray army of timid, heavenly invaders.  They must have covered ten miles, which was not easy for Gunther, Hilda and Dominick.  They all periodically stopped for five minute drink breaks when they came near the river.  
	They really didn’t have any path.  What they were following was a series of four different types of possible terrain.  The first was slightly bent grassy depressions which were coyote trails.  The second were places where there were a large number of mole hills which prevented anything else from growing.  The third were areas of five foot tall grasses, which were soft and easy to get through, except for the smaller animals who couldn’t see over the top.  They just followed the bigger animals nervously, but with trust.  The fourth were areas of dense forest, with 100 foot cottonwoods every thirty feet or so and broken branches on the ground, requiring careful, slow movement.  When Zelda and Efscot came to a halt the others followed suit.
	Zelda: “This is far enough for today.”
	Gunther: “Today!  You mean we’re going to have to do this again tomorrow?”
	Efscot: “Of course.  We want to get a good distance away from the Indians.  We should be at least far away enough that they could not easily reach us taking a casual walk on foot.”
	Hilda: “How about resting two days?”
	Zelda: “I’ve got a better idea than that.  How about Gunther and you hop up on Efscot’s and my backs and we’ll carry you the rest of the way.  Dominick can ride Annabelle if she has no objections.”
	Dominick: “I keep trying to tell everyone that I don’t need any special help.”
	Vanessa: “Take the ride, stupid.  I don’t want to listen to how your legs hurt for the next month.”
	That satisfied Dominick.  The goats and Annabelle didn’t register any objections.  They spent a warming day in a new area and they slept.
	They woke up to a brilliant clear sky the following morning and they all ate grass and drank some water.  When they commenced what was to be another ten mile walk, one of them should have had a camera.  They had to appear as one of the silliest looking groups ever assembled.  In front were Efscot and Zelda, precariously mounted by Hilda and Gunther, the two goats.  Next, came Vanessa, who looked reasonably normal, but as a Dalmatian, her bright white fur interspersed with randomly shaped black spots made her strikingly beautiful, especially when her tongue was hanging out.  Next came Pablo and Apple carrying Charlene and Charlie, the chickens, though, unusual as it may seem to the uninitiated, this situation was becoming rather routine.  And bringing up the rear was Annabelle carrying a very relieved Dominick, a pug in most ways, but probably a mix.  It seems that the paparazzi missed the opportunity for the photo of the year.  
	They pursued a leisurely, uneventful, very slow walk, because goats have trouble holding on to horses.  Efscot and Zelda cut down the pace and enjoyed the new company.  The group of four had never previously talked that much, but they spent the time telling goat and horse stories and goat and horse jokes.  Pablo, Apple, Charlene and Charlie didn’t talk much anymore.  They already knew all about each other from countless walks.  Dominick and Annabelle had a peculiar conversation.  Dominick didn’t want to say it directly, but he occasionally said things showing that while he was very comfortable riding Annabelle, he wasn’t as comfortable that the female was so much stronger than he was.  Annabelle just smiled at the comments, every once in a while saying something like, “I can’t help having been born a horse as you can’t help having been born a dog.  What is there worth thinking about?”  Dominick didn’t really have an answer, so this commentary usually shut him up for a while.
	For the first time the group saw a group of ten coyotes within thirty feet.
	Zelda: “Just keep walking as if you don’t even notice or care in the least about them.”
	The group basically did that, but there were more than a few furtive glances passed as they split right through the group of coyotes, six on one side and four on the other.  When Zelda thought that the quiet coyotes were staring in an aggressive manner, she would veer off two steps in their direction, which would cause the coyotes to back up a few steps.  After the group passed through, the coyotes feebly followed for about fifty feet, but then headed back in the other direction, no doubt looking for some easier situation to assess.  The increasingly confident group finished the trip without incident and found another suitable spot similar to the first.  They rested, ate, drank, did a little exploring and eventually went to sleep for the night.
	Zelda had a disturbing dream.  She was in her stall back at the farm and saw Joe and Mary coming out of the house to feed their flock.  They seemed not to know that their flock was gone.  Zelda was the only one left.  When Joe and Mary got to her stall they dropped in a hay bale, without looking at her.
	Zelda called out; “Hey, don’t you see what happened?  Don’t you see me?”
	They just quietly and somberly walked back toward their house.  They were expressionless.
	Zelda started yelling; “Look at me!  Look at me!”
	They didn’t and seemed to fade into the air.
	Zelda woke up with a start, seeing that she was still in the woods.  This dream would prove to be recurrent.  She would never discuss it with anyone, not knowing that every one of her friends was having the same dream, with small variations.  They also chose to keep it to themselves.  
Chapter 16

	They woke to an overcast, but warm fall morning.  Most spent a few minutes visually exploring their new habitat.  The plentiful grass was consumed and then they walked to the river for a drink.
	Charlie: “We’re going to be doing work today, aren’t we?”
	Efscot: “Today or tomorrow, whatever you’re up to.  We’re going to have to establish a rule we can all agree on.  You all saw the coyotes on the trip here, I suppose.  Because of that there always has to be at least one horse around the other animals for protection.”
	Gunther: “I don't know if I want to be around a horse all the time.”
	Dominick: “Neither do I.”
	Charlie: “I’m already around a horse all the time and I like it.”
	Gunther:  “I like it too, ...... sometimes, but not all the time.”
	Zelda:  “This is the age old question of the desirability of freedom versus the safety of confinement.  Nobody has come up with a definitive answer to date, so let’s not waste our time trying to do the same, perhaps undoable thing.  I say let desire and freedom ring.  Little animals, do your best to be around a horse as much as you can tolerate.  Coyotes are predominantly nocturnal so, you probably can enjoy safe private moments during the midday.  And let’s leave it at that.”
	There was no disagreement.  How can anyone disagree with; “Do your own thing.”  They finished their water taken directly from the muddy river.  Some started to gather sticks and dried grass.  The horses nonchalantly started moving dead tree limbs.  Little by little all of the travelers pitched in, even Charlie and in one week they had made a barn similar to the one they were forced to leave.  The process was longer than the first time due to a lack of human help with the roof.  Without hands, it was difficult to get the precision necessary for lifting and placement of large tree limbs.  It was a tedious and time consuming process, wherein a horse would first lift and flip the log to the structure top from its back.  Then a goat on a horse’s back would make adjustments to the correct place.  It worked; they were truly self-sufficient.

	Many peaceful days elapsed, during which Pablo, Apple and Annabelle made some new friends.  On some of their private walks the group discovered that there were wild horses in the area.  Now, a full sized young man, Pablo got the attention of a similar young lady from the wild bunch, named Jesse.
	While running with her group Jesse would turn her head, with eyes showing curiosity, whenever she saw Pablo and he took special notice of her.  One day when her group stopped at the river for a drink, Pablo was out wandering alone and decided that he too needed a drink.  He slowly walked over and found a spot near Jesse.  He tried to think of something bright to say.  If it wasn’t bright, he’d settle for different.
	Pablo took a quick sip and ventured; “Did you ever notice that whenever you close your eyes tightly you see brightness?” 
	Jesse was genuinely surprised and said; “What?”
	Pablo was silent and just smiled at her.
	Jesse continued; “No, I never noticed that.  Let me try right now and see what happens.”  She closed her eyes as tightly as she could and did, indeed, see brightness.  “I see it, but that’s probably just the sun shining through.”
	Pablo: “It works in the dark too.”
	Wild horse #1, seeing Jesse squinting, said; “What on earth are you doing little girl?”
	Jesse: “I’m not sure yet.  I’m trying something this guy told me about.”
	Wild horse #1: “Well, watch it.  You don’t know where this one came from.”  He looked Pablo’s way.
	Pablo didn’t know what to say, because he didn’t know where he came from either.  But, he had accomplished his purpose.  He had established contact with someone who got his interest and he saw that she was playful.  He continued to see Jesse at least three days a week and in a month was taking long walks alone with the young white filly with the long brown mane.
	Apple was doing something similar.  She saw a large young stallion, named Dakota.  He was light gray with black markings and mane.  Apple noticed him watching her solitary excursions into the wild.  She saw him one morning about 10AM, walked over and said, “Did you ever notice that the moon is still out now?”  The results of her odd opening line were similar to that of Pablo.  
	And Annabelle was approached the same day, by a sizable male named Cody.  He was entirely black and sported a tan mane.  He ambled next to her and said, “Did you ever notice how you can learn to tolerate the cold, but not the wind?”
	Now everyone had a special friend; Efscot and Zelda, Charlie and Charlene, Dominick and Vanessa, Gunther and Hilda, Pablo and Jesse, Apple and Dakota and finally Annabelle and Cody.  They spent some time together most days and they were happy.  The group built an addition to their barn to accommodate their new friends, but the wild ones preferred to spend the nights with their feral herd, half of the time.
 
	Seasons and years passed.  They enjoyed many undisturbed days going about the things of interest to them.  Some liked to go walking by the river, some liked walking in it, some preferred the woods, some the scrubby brush and some liked switching around.  The original eleven gradually forgot about the restrictions of the barnyard and also forgot about Joe and Mary.  Perhaps they wanted to forget. 
	With all the horses around, they didn’t see any more coyotes.  They did notice paths that could have been established by them, but they could also have been made by any other animal travelling a regular route, maybe rabbits or skunks.  As there were no scary incidents they gradually forgot about their one suggested rule of a horse always being present with the smaller animals.
	Then one evening, about an hour after sunset, twelve very skinny, hungry looking coyotes came 100 feet away from the barn.  Most of the original group was safely huddled together in the barn.  Annabelle was still out walking alone, hoping to chance upon Cody.  Gunther and Hilda were idling by the melodious, long playing river.  
	The coyotes almost correctly sized up the situation.  They spotted Annabelle alone, but in their haste did not see the goats, much easier prey.  Normally, coyotes pick on whatever target would give them the least resistance, but this was desperation.  They hadn’t eaten in ten days.  They knew that if they attacked the horse, the chances are that one or more of them would be severely hurt and that a severely hurt predator is a dead predator.  But, an unfed predator is also a dead predator.  So they decided to take no chance at picking off a chicken well ensconced in the large group and decided to go after the solitary Annabelle.  
	Annabelle thought that she had picked up the scent of Cody and was proceeding in that direction.  Cody was actually not far off and he was with Dakota and Jesse.
	The coyotes caught up with Annabelle in a small clearing and circled her.  She saw them at the last minute and was surprised and fearful.  She was under the impression that coyotes would never attack a horse, but this didn’t feel right.  The coyotes started yipping and showing their drooling teeth in the moonlight.  Then three attacked at once.  Annabelle let out a scream.  One coyote successfully jumped up on her back and was trying to take a bite out of her upper hindquarters and the other two first wave attackers were on the ground trying to reach her lower back end.  Nine more jumped around on the ground looking for an advantageous angle or cannily waiting for the others to do the dirty work.
	Gunther and Hilda broke from their river rendezvous when they heard Annabelle and the coyotes and despite every instinct in their bodies telling them to stay away, they ran straight for their distressed friend.  The recalcitrant nine predators saw two easy marks coming, went right for them and sunk in fangs.  
	Cody, Dakota and Jesse also heard the scream and ran in its direction.  When they saw what was happening they didn’t hesitate to run over kicking at the skinny coyotes.  Very quickly six of the predators were lying motionless on the ground and five of them took off running, but the one that had gotten on Annabelle’s back had sunk in his teeth and crazed with hunger, continued to try to bite deeper.  Cody ran over and tried to knock the coyote off, smacking it twice with his big head.  This seemed to be more of an annoyance than a threat to the crazed little monster.  Cody decided to fight fire with fire and bit into the coyote, holding him in his mouth and pulling him off Annabelle.  He had bitten down hard and then dropped the coyote on the ground.  The three healthy horses stomped the bloody mouthed attacker until he was motionless and then gave a few more kicks, just to be sure he was dead.
	Cody saw the deep wound in Annabelle’s back, put his mouth to it and started licking to no avail.  It kept on bleeding profusely.  He tried pressing his head against it, hoping it would act like a tourniquet and just wound up with a bloody head.  Jesse and Dakota went to Gunther and Hilda, who were lying on the ground and saw open wounds on their bellies, the size of a dollar bill.  They tried to use their bodies to apply pressure, but the hemorrhage continued.  The blood appeared horrendous, but the wounds were more of a painful ripping of the surface and no doubt needed attention, but were not the severity of Annabelle’s deep gouge.  The possibility of infection was probably the bigger risk for them, contrasted with the possibility of Annabelle’s dying from a loss of running blood.  
	The animals from the camp were roused by the sounds of commotion and they too came running and saw the horrid aftermath of the attack.
	Zelda excitedly said; “What happened?”
	Cody sadly, but calmly responded, saying; “Annabelle, Gunther and Hilda were attacked by coyotes.  We three were nearby and were able to get rid of them, but one took a big chunk out of Annabelle and it’s bleeding like crazy.”
	The new arrivistes saw the twisted, skinny carcasses in the dirt.
	Annabelle bravely said; “It hurts, but I can still move my leg all right.”
	Cody looked at Annabelle and with moist eyes said; “That bleeding has got to be stopped somehow.”
	Gunther and Hilda painfully got on their feet.  Their wounds hurt more when they moved.  Gunther looked at Annabelle and said; “If she can handle it, I’ve got no complaints.”
	Hilda shook her head and added; “We’re a bloody mess, but Annabelle is top priority.”
	Pablo: “A long time ago, when we lived with Joe and Mary, they would get the vet over when one of us got sick or hurt.  We’ve got to go back there.”
	Apple: “Do you think you are up to that long trip, Mom?”
	Annabelle faked it for other’s benefit and said; “Sure, I could go twice as far if I had to.”  She turned away from the others and grimaced.
	Efscot: “Time for quick decisions.  Are we all together?”
	That question was met with nodding and grunting that indicated no objection, until Zelda stoically said; “I’m not going back there.  I’d rather be eaten by coyotes than get stuck back in a stall.”
	Efscot sighed, brushed up against Zelda and sadly said; “My place is with you.  I’m not going either.”
	Dakota and Jesse thought that they’d like to make the trip for added protection and they also were certain that their good friend Cody would be going.  They looked over and saw Annabelle’s wound dripping blood to the ground like a persistent drizzle.
	Cody: “Let’s get moving.  We’ve got to get Annabelle some help.  If we don’t like it there, we can always return.  Annabelle and I will be in front, since she’s the only horse that knows the way back.”  He paused and looked toward Pablo and Apple. 
	The siblings were at first mildly insulted by the commentary, but realized that when they made the trip many years ago, they were so small that they really didn’t remember much but the excitement.  Cody continued speaking; “If the goats get on horseback they might be able to position their wounds against the horse’s flesh and control the bleeding.  So, the line-up will be Dakota carrying Hilda, Apple carrying Charlie, Dominick, who will have to swim most of the way across the river and Vanessa ......
	Dominick was compelled to interrupt, saying; “Don’t worry about me.  I can hold up my end and if I can’t I’ll latch on to Vanessa’s tail.”
	Cody said; “You’re a brave little man,” and rather than delaying things further Dominick was silent, but shot Cody a sideways glance, as if to say; “We’ll discuss this some other time.” 
	Cody saw it, nodded at the pug admiringly and continued; “Bringing up the rear will be Jesse mounted by Gunther and Pablo carrying Charlene.  You two at the end have to keep an eye out behind us and watch for any signs of trouble.”
	They all were set to go on their mission when they looked over at Zelda and Efscot.  The perennial duo had sad looks on their faces.  After many happy years with all their friends they would all of a sudden, probably never see each other again.  But, there was no time for tearful goodbyes.  Everyone would have to rely on their fond memories.
	Apple felt the same as everyone else, but had to say something.  She came up with; “You never know.  We may come back.”
	Zelda choked out; “Good luck.”
	Annabelle turned to Zelda and said; “Be careful.”
	Zelda made the smallest of laughs and said; “Look who’s talking.”
	Efscot whispered to Zelda, unheard by the rest; “You always have to have the last word, don’t you?”  She smiled and they nuzzled.  
	With that everyone started to move, all eyes fixed on Annabelle’s dripping wound.  

Chapter 17

	It wasn’t an easy walk because the moon was cloud encased.  They traveled at about half speed, perhaps, for the benefit of Annabelle, or, perhaps due to the poor visibility.  The wound really hurt her a lot, but she didn’t want to be a big baby about it.  She also noticed that the further she went, the weaker she felt.  The following group was all watching her.  After they covered about five miles Annabelle’s back leg started to give sometimes and Cody asked her if she were all right.
	Annabelle: “I just stepped into mole holes.  Don’t worry about me.”  Of course, in reality, she had her doubts about making it.  She knew she felt pretty badly and weak.  She also knew that she had not quite yet made it halfway.
	Cody strongly suspected that she was being overly brave and whispered to Annabelle; “You want to keep going?”
	Annabelle looked at him incredulously and responded; “Do you know any other choice?  Stop asking stupid questions.  Sometimes, talking to you wears me out more than the walking, especially now.”
	Everyone heard Annabelle’s reply and silence ruled.  Without incident they covered another four miles.  Gunther and Hilda were successful in not advertising their discomfort.  Their bleeding may have substantially stopped, but they felt periodic sharp pain when their mount swayed on uneven spots.  Remaining was one more mile of woods, crossing the river and then a two or three mile walk, mostly on ditch paths.
	But, suddenly Annabelle couldn’t take another step.  She half fell, half sat down on the ground.
	Annabelle closed her eyes and said; “I think this is it for me.”
	Cody was frantic; “No, no.  Don’t say that.”
	Pablo and Apple moved briskly to where their mother sat.  Charlene and Charlie did their best to hang on their bolting mounts.  They were successful in their efforts with no small difficulty.  All could still see the wound bleeding profusely.
	Apple shrieked; “Mom!”
	Pablo just looked at her silently through wet eyes.  Vanessa tried licking the wound, but that effort accomplished nothing.  It was like trying to stop a bloody river with a bucket.
	They all heard a human voice nearby and looked in that direction.  They soon saw an adult Indian male walking toward them.
	“What are you guys doing here?  It’s been a long time, but my brother still lives here.”
	Since they understood his words, the animals knew it was the little boy they met a long time ago.  It was Reynard, the only human they had ever met who could perfectly converse with animals.
	Vanessa: “You couldn’t have come at a better time.  Annabelle needs a vet badly.  Do you know how to get one?”
	Reynard: “Sure thing, I’m a vet, in a way.  I’m now the tribe’s medicine man.  Youngest one ever.”
	None of the animals knew what to say.
	Reynard said; “Let me take a look at her.”  He knelt down by Annabelle and couldn’t miss seeing the problem.  “Annabelle, don’t worry, you’re going to be fine in five minutes.”  He got a very solemn look on his face, stood up, gazed at the sky for 15 seconds and started to chant something no one else understood.  He started to move his feet in a stamping manner, circling Annabelle a few times, his eyes alternating between her and the sky.  At first everyone thought this was silly, but when they saw how serious Reynard was about it, they started to take on his tone.  At least they reached the level of hope and their eyes unanimously fixated on him.  After about three minutes Reynard stood still next to Annabelle’s head.
	Reynard said to Annabelle; “All done.  You’re all right now.  Take a short rest and continue on.”
	Annabelle skipped the rest, tried to stand up immediately and surprised herself by doing so.  All attention went to her wound.  It had been bleeding for so long and had already created such a mess; it was hard to tell if blood were still flowing.  But, everyone couldn’t help but be very, very encouraged at her ability to stand up.
	The troops started moving again.  When Pablo neared the medicine man, he veered off the path of the entourage ten feet.  Reaching Reynard he asked, “How did you do that?”
	Reynard smiled at him and Charlene.  He put his index finger over his lips, then quietly said; “I don't know.  I’m not even sure I can.”
	Pablo: “But she looks better.”
	Reynard: “She is.”  
	Pablo: “This isn’t making sense.”
	Charlene: “Not even to a chicken.”
	Reynard squeezed Charlene’s belly.  She flinched, but smiled.  Reynard laughed and said; “It makes as much sense as a chicken riding a horse.  After I first met you guys, when I was a little kid, a strange thing happened to me.  We were having a very severe drought and my tribe’s medicine man was doing rain dances daily.  Other experts were also doing their thing to no avail.  I was out in bare feet and had stepped into a pile of very sharp goat heads and started to hop around.  Just then clouds rolled in and we got a downpour.  A number of the elders saw this and to them it was interpreted as a very good rain dance.  So, they watched me for a few more years.  These kind of weird coincidences keep happening to me, so they made me medicine man at age twelve.”
	Pablo: “So, you really can’t do anything.  What has happened to other sick people you have sung and danced for?”
	Reynard: “Some got better, some didn’t.”
	Pablo: “Which “some” is my mother going to be?”
	Reynard: “It depends on her.  If people believe I can make them better, they get better.  If they think I can’t, they don’t.  Don’t worry about your Mom.  I think she’s got a lot of that good old time religion.”  He turned away from the group and started to head home.  He yelled out, “Make sure all you little guys keep up with Annabelle.  It was good seeing you, my old friends.  Good luck.”
	Charlene: “Thanks, friend.”
	Pablo wanted to say something, but couldn’t add to what Charlene had already said, so he silently watched Reynard until he disappeared in the distance, his worries about his mother somewhat alleviated.  The group continued on, mostly though a cottonwood forest until they reached the preferred river crossing point.
	Annabelle: “We’re going to cross here.  I’ve done it before, so follow me.  There is one deep spot and I remember where it is because I fell in it the first time through.”
	Cody: “Well, don’t do it again this time.”
	Annabelle: “I’ve got a better chance of getting it right than anyone else.  Sometimes the channel shifts over the years, but I think I will feel it coming if it has.  I think it’s always in a muddy area.” 
	No one had to tell the riders to stay on their carriers, as when they saw the river, they didn’t want to attempt swimming it.  It was probably only a foot higher than it was the first time they crossed, but this time it was flowing more quickly.  The others looked at it with some trepidation, as Annabelle put her front feet in the water and then slowly got her back legs in.  The first step is often the most difficult one.  The rest followed Annabelle, alternating their gazes between their own feet and her bright red wound.  They did well, considering that the flow was strong enough to knock them over if they did not lean against it.  When Annabelle detected severe mud, she slowed down, as had Zelda, before her.  She went to the left side, searching with her feet for the right spot.  She told the others to be very careful following her and that if they were to make an error, make it on the Indian side.  After about 75 feet she detected a promising spot, gave it a bolder try and crossed over the channel.  She kept going to give the others room to get through the small one foot drop-off.  They all did it successfully and continued on, to the island in the approximate center of the river, where they took a short break.
	Annabelle: “It should be easy the rest of the way.”
	Apple: “How are you feeling now, Mom?”
	Annabelle: “Fine.”  She didn’t want to disclose the fact that she was feeling very fatigued and that her wound was burning from the cold muddy water which got splashed on it.  She tried to find a way to take her mind off her problems and as usual she did that by focusing on someone else; this time Cody.  She knew that if she could stop thinking about herself that she could make it.  She thought about how scared and wet Cody must feel.  He had never before crossed the river and must have some unarticulated reservations.  The mud is difficult to walk though, even after one gets used to it.  She cared about Cody and was proud that he was making this trip to be with her.  She tried to keep in mind all his real and imagined problems.  She said; “Has everyone had a long enough break?”  When she got no objections she again lowered herself into the water with that very careful first step.  The others followed.  She was right, the trip was relatively easy the rest of the way.  The others fear of the dark, cold, slippery mud and rushing water was the biggest problem, but all the heroes and heroines managed it well.  Annabelle, surprising herself, seemed to remember the precise route that she had only taken but once before, years prior.  She led them to a spot on the other side that was easy to climb and slowly elevated from the water.  She then went up a 200 foot path with a continual slight incline to the top of the levee.  They paused for a few seconds, clearly seeing their destination and taking a backward look at the place they just left across the river, realizing and wistful that they might never see it again.  It was nothing short of magnificent as the sun’s first rays came over the mountain illuminating it.
	They gradually descended the levee and went down the ditch path on the other side.  It seemed familiar to most and they could again see human houses up close.  No one seemed to be up yet.  When they had to cross Captivation Road with the possibility of cars Annabelle gave everyone the same instructions she remembered Zelda giving, basically; “Wait and then after the dogs give clearance, go quickly.”  The dogs remembered too and put their heads down to the ground at the side of the road and when they could hear nothing, they got up and signaled to everyone else to speedily move, which they did.  They went down another long ditch path without being accosted, noting the houses and junk in the backyards to the right and left.
	For the first time Annabelle had the thought, “What if Joe and Mary have moved?  Humans did it often enough and, after all, it has been many years.  What if they had died?”  She pragmatically decided; “It’s much too late to think about that now.  The thing to do is keep going and hope for the best.”
	They came to the end of the ditch path and made a left on Academy Road, which was paved and subject to cars, but hopefully not at this time of the morning.  They were again in luck and traveled unmolested down the road, noticing some first early morning lights going on in some of the houses.  All that remained to do was to re-cross Captivation Road and walk a few hundred feet and hope that Joe and Mary were still on the other side.  With the permission of Vanessa and Dominick they scooted across and walked in single file on the side of the road home to Joe and Mary’s gate.  
	When the trespassers got there, of course, they saw that this was a new gate as Annabelle had kicked down the old one when they left many years ago.  It was just after sunrise and no one was yet about, so they just stood there looking at their old home.  April’s cloudless sky provided their only radiance as there weren’t any lights on in the adobe house.  The barns they remembered were still there, but they didn’t notice any animals about.
	Annabelle: “This is it Cody, we made it.”
	Cody: “This is our new home?”
	Annabelle: “I hope so.”
	Cody: “I like it.”
	Charlie: “And the coyotes don’t come in here.”
	Charlene; laughing: “Now that they know you’re back, they will.”
	There was some good natured joking, remembrance of old events, explanations to the newcomers and the hope that Joe and Mary would soon come out to greet them.  

Chapter 18

	After a short wait they were disappointed to see a stranger come out of the house.  They were to soon learn that the tiny stranger’s name was Maureen and that she was 10 years old, born after their exodus.  When she saw all the animals congregated near the gate she walked over cautiously in her “farmer’s” outfit of light blue coveralls with shoulder straps, somewhat hiding a pink “Pink Floyd” sweatshirt.  The crew gazed at each other, with eyes that said; “Uh oh.”
	As she neared the newish gate she very directly said; “Are you looking for a home or did you escape from somewhere?” 
	Like the others Charlie was surprised that he was able to understand her and said; “Kind of both.  We used to live here many years ago and we have escaped.”  He realized how that could be interpreted and didn’t want her to draw the conclusion that they belonged to someone and quickly added; “From the wilderness.”
	Maureen wondered if anyone lived here before her and flatly replied; “I don’t know.  My parents don’t have any other animals here and I’m not sure they want any.”
	Charlene implored; “I don’t blame them.  But, we need some help.  Gunther, Hilda and Annabelle have been attacked by coyotes and need a vet badly, especially Annabelle.”
	Maureen took a close look at Annabelle and grimaced when she saw the deep, bloody wound.  She said; “That looks very serious.  I’m going to get my parents.”  She ran back to the house and within two minutes the animals saw what looked like Joe, Mary and Maureen exiting the house and walking quickly toward them.  They hoped it was not only wishful thinking.  They kept staring at the three humans, not quite sure who they were.  As they got closer, they looked more and more familiar.  They were beginning to hear the conversation going between the three and were surprised to find that they were able to understand the words of all of them.  When they got closer the animals could sense that the other two humans were indeed Joe and Mary, with some minor age-induced changes.  They got excited to see their old friends and started to jump around, excitedly.  Joe and Mary were having similar feelings and ran to the gate.  Little Maureen did her best to keep up.
	Joe: “I didn’t think I’d ever see you guys again.  This is the start of a great Easter Sunday.”
	Mary: “We’ve missed you all so much.”
	Joe: reached out his hands and patted each, at the same time re-introduced himself, saying; “Pablo.  Apple.  Charlie.  Charlene.  Dominick.  Vanessa.  Gunther.  Hilda.  Annabelle.  And three new members.”  Cody, Dakota and Jesse introduced themselves.”
	Cody:  “We don’t want to rush the situation, but Annabelle’s got a real problem and needs a vet as soon as possible.  Gunther and Hilda can use some help too.”
	Joe, Mary and Maureen took a short look at Annabelle and could easily see the problem.  They had the presence of mind not to waste any more time talking and quickly went into action, not really comprehending that they had just been talked to by horses.
	Joe: “I’ll have the vet here in five minutes.”  He opened the gate to let them all in and Mary shut it behind them.  He went into the house and made the call.  The animals started to wander around, vaguely remembering their old surroundings.  Each object they saw was associated with happy times, memories of which were coming back to them in a rush.
	In a few minutes a pickup truck appeared at the gate.  The driver got out of the truck and undid it, letting himself in.  He drove to the house, where he was greeted by the three other humans present.  He soon knew what the problem was and carried his bag over to Annabelle.  He looked at the suffering horse and then the vet put everyone somewhat at ease, by saying; “She’s lost a lot of blood, but I think she’ll survive.”  He took bottles of various ointments from his bag and used a cloth to rub them into Annabelle’s wound.  She jerked away a bit, but tried to hold as steady as possible, knowing that this was necessary.  It really didn’t hurt much more than the splashing river water.  The vet then took out a needle and stitched certain areas.  A small amount of blood was still coming, so he took large pieces of gauze from his bag and taped them securely to the minor bloody parts that remained.  He then attended to Gunther and Hilda, following a similar procedure, but not using any stitches.  The goats acted like goats, squirming around and complaining about the sharp sting of the ointments.
	Vet: “I want you to watch them well the next few days and call me immediately if anything looks wrong.”
	Mary: “I guess we’ll have to keep them here to do that.”
	Maureen excitedly said; “Can we?”
	Joe thought that he might tease his daughter a bit, though he had a purpose.  He rubbed his right hand on the back of his neck, shook his head and said; “There are a lot of animals.  I don't know if your mother and I are up to it anymore.”
	Maureen’s eyes bulged.  She grabbed her father around the waist, looked up at him and implored; “Pleeeease, I’ll do whatever is needed.  Just teach me how.”
	Mary wanted to end the tease and said; “We can give it a try.  You’re going to be a busy little girl.”
	Maureen let go of her father and hugged her mother.  She happily said; “Fine with me.”
	The vet was already in the truck, heading for the gate and he let himself out.
	Charlie: “I knew we’d make it.”
	Joe and Mary, for the first time, realized that they had heard a chicken talking.  They looked at each other and then at Maureen, who didn’t indicate any sign of surprise.
	Joe: “Charlie, I didn’t quite make out what you said.”
	Charlie: “I said, I knew we’d make it.”
	Vanessa: “I thought we’d do it too.  I was worried about Annabelle.  We’ve come a good fifteen miles.”
	Joe and Mary again looked at each other quizzically, both with the same thought; “Talking dogs, talking chickens and didn’t we also converse with horses?”
	Apple: “It’s good to be back here.  It’s been so long.  We were always afraid that you wouldn’t understand our leaving.”
	Pablo: “We wanted to tell you not to take it personally.  We can’t imagine any other humans we’d rather be with, but we all decided we had to see what’s beyond the fences.”
	Joe and Mary realized that they were now in some place they had never been before, but they liked it and decided to enjoy it even more.
	Joe: “We were broken hearted when you left.  From time to time, we’ve wondered where you were and if you were okay.”
	Mary: “We did find the star you made in rocks.  We didn’t know exactly what it meant, but we knew it was intended to mean something good.”
	Joe: “We never got any more animals.  We talked about it occasionally, but somewhere in the talk we’d always hit on the word ‘replacement’ and then we’d decide that there were no replacements for our old friends.”
	Joe, Mary and Maureen, gave each of their friends a kiss and a big hug.  The three newcomers again introduced themselves and got similar treatment.  Maureen only vaguely heard the comments made referring to the animals previously having been here.  Her thoughts were preoccupied with dreams of having so many new friends.
	Joe: “Maureen, you’re got some things to learn.  Around sunrise is the first feeding time.  So follow and watch me.  This is going to be your job three times a day.”
	He took out the few remaining hay bales, got some corn for the chickens and some leftovers for the dogs.  The animals had worked up a tremendous appetite on the journey back and ate ravenously, including Annabelle, whose bleeding, was now completely stopped.
	Joe: “For God’s sake.  I just realized that I have not seen Efscot and Zelda.  What happened to them?”
	Apple: “They’re all right.  They decided that they wanted to stay in the wild and the rest of us wanted to come back here and hoped you’d take us back.
	Mary: “That Zelda always had fire in her eyes.”

	They all settled back into the existence they had almost forgotten.  The temperature was climbing daily and they could feel summer on the way.  Charlie and Charlene still expected their customary horse rides and Pablo and Apple enjoyed complying.  The entire entourage spent many afternoons playing some sort of free-form tag that defied rules and tended toward unexplainable anarchy.  At times some spent wistful moments looking out the gate.  But, they soon concluded that they were doing the same things on Joe and Mary’s two acres as they were doing in the wild, without having to deal with coyotes.
	Little Maureen didn’t have any easy time moving around bales of hay, but she tried her best and the times when she didn’t think she could do any more, Joe miraculously showed up to help.
	Maureen would talk to the animals at the feeding times.  She told them that if there were anything here that they didn’t like, to tell her.  She assured them that she could get anything she wanted from her parents.
	About three weeks later Apple, Pablo, Charlie and Charlene were standing at the gate watching the busy world go by, when they saw two horses walking down Academy Road.  As they came closer they looked more and more familiar.  They turned confidently onto Captivation Road as if they had done this a thousand times before.  They looked around for cars and crossed over heading right to the gate.
	Apple: “Zelda and Efscot, I don’t believe it.  It’s great to see you.”
	Zelda: “It’s great to be here.  It’s been quite a trip.”
	Pablo: “We made the trip in a couple of hours.”
	Efscot: “We took our time.  We’ve been walking slowly for two days.  We wanted to take one long last look at the wild.”
	The other animals saw visitors at the gate and started to meander over.  Maureen glanced out the window and saw all the activity.  She decided to investigate.  Everyone converged on the gate near the same time and all the animals were elated to see their former compatriots.
	Cody: “Hey, Zelda, looking good.”
	Efscot replied jokingly; “Watch it, buster.”
	Zelda: “Thanks.  I’m really feeling good to be back here.”
	Gunther: “Why don’t you stay a while?  This place can get pretty boring without you.”
	Efscot: “That’s precisely what we were hoping to do, if Joe and Mary will have us.”
	Maureen: “You’re beautiful horses.  I’m sure we have room for you.”
	Zelda: “You can talk to horses?  Who are you?”
	Maureen: “I’m Maureen.  I live here, always have and always talk to horses, silly.”
	Zelda and Efscot correctly suspected exactly who she was by her answer and smiled at her youthful “always” comments.
	Zelda: “Well then, I’m very glad that we came to the right place.  How would you like to talk to two cantankerous horses every day?”
	Maureen ducked her head, widened her eyes and somewhat questioningly said; “I think I would.”
	Efscot smiled and jokingly bellowed; “Then open the gate and let us in before Zelda kicks it down.”
	Maureen did precisely that.  Zelda and Efscot nuzzled her and licked her face.  They passed by her into the group and they all exchanged happy greetings and Zelda and Efscot gave everyone more nuzzles.  From their house Joe and Mary saw the congregation and walked over to join it.
	Mary: “Efscot and Zelda, hello, hello.  I didn’t expect to see you again.”
	Zelda: “And we didn’t expect to be talking to you either.”
	Joe looked a little confused and said; “Well, I’m thrilled to see you again.  Maybe now we’ll have a better shot at understanding your artistic temperament.”  He rubbed her neck.
	Efscot: “Do you mean we can stay here?”
	Joe: “Of course.  We’d be glad to have you.  Your owners have either died or moved elsewhere, so we can let you have the run of the property, now.”
	Maureen: “What do you mean “now”?  Have they been here before?”
	Joe: “Yes, little girl.  There are some things that happened before you were born, believe it or not.”
	Maureen smiled and nodded at him.  Everyone was smiling.
	Zelda: “We were looking for a home out there, but we found out our home is here with our friends, old and new.  Besides, now we know we can break out whenever we set our minds to it.”

The End



