


The Book of Legends


By Dean Adams
www.thejackchambersadventures.com





Copyright © Dean Adams
Text copyright © Dean Adams
Cover art copyright © Dean Adams and Terry Adams

All rights reserved.  No part of this publication may be reproduced in whole or in part, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without written permission of the publisher.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

First published in September 2013


Dedicated to the memory of my Grandad.
My friend, my teacher, my hero.


Thanks to my wonderful fiancé Becky and to my mum and dad.

Contents
Chapter 1 – Story Time
Chapter 2 – Just your average family
Chapter 3 – Buried treasure
Chapter 4 – Legends
Chapter 5 – Six months later
Chapter 6 – Parachutes and camels
Chapter 7 – The order of five
Chapter 8 – Battle against a dinosaur
Chapter 9 – The last meal
Chapter 10 – Journey to the cave
Chapter 11 – Kazael and the star
Chapter 12 – Back to reality

Chapter 1
 Story time

Bullets whizzed through the air one after the other.  The plane was catching up, it flew lower and faster, the noise was so loud the ground shook.  Again the bullets began firing, chasing behind his feet as he ran.  The grass was damp from where it had been raining the night before and the bullets made a thud as they buried deep into the mud.  In front of him about a 100 metres away he could see a small village across from the field, it seemed an eternity away but at the same time he knew he was nearly there.  As he ran closer he noticed there were no people in the street and all of the windows were darkened out, but still he kept running.  The sky above him was bright blue with only a few fluffy white clouds floating in the wind and it seemed to him as he was running that if it weren’t for that damn plane it would be a beautiful day.  But still the noise of the plane grew louder, this great grey flying monster with wings as big as houses and a propeller so large it could eat the entire village.  It was man versus machine and he knew he was running out of time and energy.
As he reached the village he picked up speed, partly because he knew for sure, now was his chance to escape and partly because the hard cobbles below him made it easier for him to run.  He spotted an open doorway to a house coming up on his left, he knew he had to make it or else.  Quickly, without a second to spare he dived through the door and landed face down on the ground, he could hear the plane fly past the house, he had only just made it, and how great he felt as he lay there for a few minutes panting whilst trying to catch his breath.  Gradually he lifted his head from the cold, hard wooden floor and looked around.  The first thing to catch his eye was a large grand piano, so big it nearly filled the room.  The walls were painted in a deep red with a gold chandelier hanging from the ceiling and there were oil paintings of a family and their dogs on the wall.  As he lifted himself from the floor and re-gained his composure he stared at one of the paintings on the wall.  ‘A nice looking young lady’ he said to himself with a smile.  
‘he he he’  Giggling came from in the room.
‘ssshhh’  Another voice said.  
He was not alone, someone else was in there with him.  Looking around as quick as he could he spotted them, over in the corner of the room behind where the grand piano stood there was an old antique looking sofa and poking out from behind this he could see some feet shuffling around.
‘Who’s there?’
Silence.  
‘I said, who is there? Show yourself this instant!’
Then a tuft of hair appeared, bright blonde and curly it began rising from behind the sofa.  As her face came into view he could see she was a young girl of only maybe three or four years old.  Next to her another face appeared.  With long flowing brunette hair and a pretty face.  His eyes were locked upon hers, it was the young lady from the painting.
After a few seconds he spoke again.
‘Please do come forward.  Is there anyone else with you?’
Neither girl spoke.
‘I won’t bite.  I’m one of the good guys.  That airplane that just flew over, the machine gun fire, it was after me.  My airplane got shot down and I had to parachute out before it crashed.  I landed right in front of the enemy camp and have been running ever since, with the airplane chasing after me.  I thought I wasn’t going to make it until I saw your open door.’
The eldest girl stood and walked towards him, he wondered what she was going to do.  She remained silent staring forwards as though looking straight through him.  She was getting closer.  He could feel the breeze from the door behind him, blowing her white silk dress as she moved.  Then just as he was about to speak she carried on walking, straight past him into the long dark hallway and up a steep flight of stairs.
Where was she going?  Should he follow? He did not know where she had gone or if he was meant to go with her.  As he took a step forward he felt something pulling on his shirt.  Looking down he could see the little girl staring up at him with her bright blue eyes and a big smile.
‘Have you come to save us?’ said the little girl.
Startled he stumbled for words.
‘I uh, well I suppose…’ Looking up he could see the young lady appear at the top of the stairs again before proceeding to walk back down.  But now she was holding something.
‘Please, give me your hand.’  The young lady said.
‘My hand, well I….’
‘You are wounded sir, I shall bandage it for you.’
As he held out his hand, she gently began to tend to his wound.  Carefully wrapping the bandage around his palm he could feel his skin tingle with her soft touch.  They both looked each other in the eyes, oblivious to the outside world, they moved in closer, his lips touching hers.
‘Uuuggh, Grandad!’
Laughing Grandad said ‘Ok Jack, I’ll stop now.  That’s enough of that story.’
‘Tell me another.’ Jack asked.
‘No, that’ll do for today Jack.’
‘Oh, Grandad.’
Jack loved to hear his Grandads old war stories, in fact he just loved spending time with his Grandad.  Be it listening to his stories, or his jokes, Jack had always been very close to him.  Every Saturday his mum would take him and his little sister Ruby round to see his grandmother and Grandad.  They lived in a small two storey semi-detached house in a suburb of London called Ealing.  It was a narrow street with cars parked along both sides of the road and a few trees scattered along the pavement.  It was very similar to Jacks house, only slighter larger with a long back garden where his Grandad would spend much of his time.
Jack would rush in to find his Grandad, darting past his grandmother as she greeted them at the front door.  It wasn’t that he didn’t want to spend time with his grandmother, he actually loved being with her, it was just that his Grandad understood him and would talk to him like a man.  Jack would help his Grandad with the gardening and any building renovations he was doing.  Then they would sit and have a tea and a sandwich that grandmother brought out to them.  Sitting like a couple of workmates on their lunch break, Jack felt really chuffed with himself for being so grown up.
They would work on all manner of things.  His Grandad had worked in various jobs since the war and he was skilled in many professions.  Jack could never remember how old his Grandad was but it didn’t matter to him, his Grandad was fitter and stronger than any other man he knew.  He could also tell better jokes.  His Grandad was not a large man, nor was he small.  He really was just your average man.  His usual attire would be a pair of jogging bottoms with trainers and a sweatshirt, in the summer he would take this off and have on a t-shirt.
One summer his Grandad even took Jack to work with him for a week during the school holidays.  He asked Jack if he could help him wallpaper the living room in a house and he would pay him for it.  Jack said he did not want paying but his Grandad insisted and said he really needed his help and it was only fair he got paid for the work as it was his job to complete.  Jack went along with this but secretly he believed his Grandad was only asking so as to spend some more time with him.  But Jack didn’t mind, as this after all, was his favourite thing to do.
Chapter 2
 Just your average family

Jack lived at home with his parents and his little sister Ruby.  Ruby was only two years old and had short blonde curly hair, with a small round cheeky face.  She would follow Jack around everywhere in the house and was always pulling on his t-shirt for Jack to pick her up and cuddle her.  Jack loved his little sister and was very protective of her, though he sometimes got irritated by the fact that she now commanded all of the attention in the household and this left him feeling slightly isolated from his parents.  
Every evening Jack sat in front of the television for dinner and would immerse himself in the shows he was watching.  Even when the news came on he would be transported away into an alternate reality where he was part of the news story itself.  Watching police chases and stories of war in far off lands he would become part of a battle saving hostages or fighting evil.  Jacks mum always said he had an overactive imagination but he knew he could be a hero himself one day if given the opportunity.  They would make news stories about him and how he rescued a young girl from an alligator or how he flew to Mars and back.
Mrs Chambers was a kind woman who would always help others.  If she saw someone was sick or injured she would rush to their aid.  She would try to lift a car from a ditch using her bare hands if she thought it would help someone, for even though she was only small and slim, she was also very strong.  She would always be doing something, be it cleaning, cooking or visiting family.  This is where Jack benefited most.  Every Saturday Mrs Chambers would take him and Ruby to his grandparents for a visit.  She would leave Jack to listen to Grandads stories and then she would spend her time with Ruby and Jacks grandmother in the kitchen, discussing things Jack rarely had an interest in let alone understood.
Mr Chambers himself was a loving father.  He always took the time to play with Jack and Ruby, even after a hard day at work.  Working as an engineer was a hard complicated business, not that Jack really understood what it was.  He knew it involved long hours, working through the night and at weekends but again Jack didn’t mind the weekends as this was when he would visit his Grandad.  Coming home in the morning before Jack left for school, Mr Chambers would greet him with a cuddle.  Getting grease and dirt all over his clean white school shirt, causing Mrs Chambers to panic frantically and pull Jack out of the shirt before ironing a clean one and ramming it over his head.
Jack Chambers was eleven years old and full of energy.  With mousey blonde hair cut short on top and close to the skin round the sides of his head.  His face was clear from any blemishes, with childish good looks and deep brown eyes.   Standing at the average height for his age.  He was a slender child, due in part to the fact of how active he was, always running around.  But also due to his fussy appetite and refusal to eat anything unusual and not in his normal staple diet.  Jam sandwiches were normally his favourite, though he would always leave the crusts of the bread, much to Mrs Chambers dismay.  She would say that eating the crusts would put hairs on his chest, but to this he always remarked ‘Why on earth would I want hairs on my chest?!’  All in all he was just an average kid, no different from the boy living down the road, or the boy around the corner.  As far as Jack was concerned, he certainly wasn’t special.  Mrs Chambers would call him a dreamer.  He had such a vivid imagination and would play great games with Ruby or his pals from school.  Able to create whole worlds with his mind, he was no different from the other children at school.  They would all join in his games, especially little Ruby.  She loved it when Jack would crawl under the stairs with her and pretend they were hiding in a castle.  Or when they would sit on the sofa under a large blanket imagining they were piloting a fighter jet.  Ruby didn’t always understand what they were supposed to be doing but her face always lit up when Jack made loud noises with his mouth and lips shaking up and down or when he placed her high on his shoulders running around the living room.

Chapter 3
 Buried Treasure

It was now around 6pm.  Jack’s mum had taken him to see his Grandad, as they wanted to have a small bonfire with the wood they had collected at the weekend, whilst doing the gardening.  It was a cold evening and there was a small frost on the grass, so as Jack walked it crunched under his feet as though he was walking on pebbles.  His Grandad had gotten an old tin rubbish bin and set it at the back of the garden with wood stacked in it and he had already started to get the fire going as Jack arrived.  He walked over to his Grandad who was now sat on an old wooden bench next to the fire.
‘Hello Grandad’
‘Hello mate, come over here to the fire and get some warmth’
Jack was wrapped in a big winter jacket and was wearing a woolly hat.
‘I like your hat Jack’
Jack smiled, but didn’t say anything, as at that moment he was engrossed in watching the wood burning so hot it was glowing red through a hole in the side of the bin.  To Jack it looked like the heart of a volcano and it was growling waiting to explode.
‘Look at that Jack!’
A puff of black smoke rose out of the bin shaped like a mushroom before being swept away by the breeze.
‘WOW, what was that?!’  Jack’s eyes widened, it really was like a volcano.
‘I think some of the wood must have been damp still.’
Jack’s Grandad stood up from the bench holding onto Jacks shoulder as he did to aid him up.  He was beginning to look older and more tired now.  In previous years he had always been the first to wake in the morning and would go to work for ten hours a day before returning home and still having the energy to spend all evening working around the house and in the garden.  He also never stopped talking, when talking to friends it was mainly about Jack.  He would speak proudly as he would explain what he and Jack had been up to on the weekend and how Jack was doing so well, helping him with renovations around the house.  Jack had never thought of his Grandad being old before and he envisaged him as being a young strong man who could do things other Grandads couldn’t and of course not forgetting that in Jack’s eyes he was a hero who won the war for Britain.  Looking at him now, with his white hair slicked back on top of his head with wax.  Jack could see it was slightly receding underneath.  Just as all old people have, his Grandads ears were big, with thin white hair sprouting out from within.  Jack knew from school that it was because the ears keep growing even as an old man.  Looking at his Grandads pale blue eyes, that looked tired and had lost their sparkle, Jack knew they held behind them many great stories of adventure and heroism.  His face did not have many wrinkles and he surprisingly bore no scars.  He was not a tall man, nor was he short.  With his slim build he was remarkably strong.  All in all, just like Jack, his Grandad was average.  But to Jack he would never just be average.  His Grandad meant the world to him and he wanted to model himself just like him.  Just as to Grandad, Jack would never just be an average kid.  To him, he was special and he could see greatness in Jack.  Capable of great things, he knew for sure.
‘Come with me Jack, I’ve got something I want to show you’ His Grandad walked slowly with a slight crouch in his back over towards a shed in the corner of the garden.

The shed was made of old dark timber and was relatively small.  It was made to look even smaller by the fact that it was surrounded by tall trees around either side and the branches seemed to hover over the roof.  The leaves on the branches hung so low that they pretty much covered the shed so you could only see a small doorway peeking out between the trees.  
Jack had never been allowed in the shed before.  He remembered being curious when he was around four years old and sneaking into the garden when nobody was looking.  He went to the door which seemed so large back then and looking up to the handle he could not reach he stood watching the door for a moment.  He was sure his Grandad was in there, he hadn’t seen him yet on this visit and that was strange in itself.  For his Grandad was usually always waiting for him in the living room.  Leaning up against the door he listened.  There was a noise, what was it?  A few seconds later he heard it again, and then again.
‘Grandad?’  Jack stepped back from the door.  The noise was getting louder, it was shuffling and creaking, closer and closer.
‘Aaarrrggh’ Jack turned and began running away from the door.
‘Crrreeeaaaak…..BANG’ He could hear the door open and slam shut behind him.
‘Aaaarrrgghh’ Jack was now in the air, having been lifted off of the ground from behind.
‘What are you up to Jack my lad?’  His Grandad had a hold of him and turned him in the air to cuddle him.
Jack pushed his head into his Grandads chest to hide.
‘That shed is a secret place Jack and when you get older I’ll show you the magic inside but until then you mustn’t go in there.  You understand?’
Jack looked up from his Grandads chest but did not speak.
‘Come on lad lets go and have some tea.’

Now four years later Jack was finally going to get to go into the shed.  For in all of the years since his Grandad had instructed him not to go in there, Jack had stuck to this rule.  Partly because he knew his Grandad trusted him and he didn’t want him to be disappointed with him and partly because he was scared.
Even now as he waited for his Grandad to put the large black iron key in the key hole he was feeling nervous about what great magic he was about to see.  Would he be transported into a mystical world, where there were strange creatures and unicorns?  Or was it a time machine and he was about to travel back to the land of the dinosaurs.  Oh how amazed he would be to see a T.rex.
‘Come in Jack’
The door was open, Jack’s Grandad stood to the side to allow Jack to enter first.
‘It’s alright Jack, go in.’
Jack looked at his Grandad who was standing smiling at him.  Then he looked in the doorway, it looked dark in there.  Nervously he walked in, remembering the noises he had heard when he was four years old.
His Grandad came in behind Jack and slammed the door shut before locking it from the inside.  
Jack could hardly see and stayed close to his Grandad waiting for his eyes to adjust to the darkness.  Slowly he could make out some lines, through the blurs in his vision he could see the walls of the shed.  After blinking a few times and rubbing his eyes, as though waking from a deep sleep, the back of the room began to appear.
The shed was only small, it looked no bigger than his bedroom and it was cold.  So cold that when he took a breath he could see steam coming from his mouth.  He was shivering slightly but that was partly due to being so nervous.  There were no windows in the shed and the walls were made of wood but painted in a dark grey.  Cobwebs hung across the ceiling like an old ghost house.  Jack hated spiders so this made him even more anxious.  In the middle of the ceiling hung one light bulb but the glass was cracked.  The floor was also dark grey and bare.
Walking into the middle of the shed, Grandad knelt down.  He placed his hands on a wooden plank on the floor and lifted it up.  Continuing to do this he removed six planks revealing a large hidden hole underneath the shed.  This was not a small hole, in fact it was very large, much like a wishing well, with a rope either side.  Reaching down into the dark hole he asked Jack for help.  Jack leant down and began to reach down with his hands, unable to see through the darkness what it was that he was reaching for.
‘Grab the rope Jack and pull.’  Grandad said looking over at him.
Jack grabbed the rope and his Grandad had hold of the one on the other side.  Simultaneously they began heaving and tugging on the rope until finally Jack could see something rising out of the well.
After retrieving the large object from beneath the shed, Jack was surprised when his Grandad, puffed out as he was, walked towards the shed door, unlocked it and beckoned Jack to leave with him.  Walking out of the shed, Jack was disheartened that his Grandad had not given him the chance to look at the mysterious object, let alone ask for an explanation as to what it was.
‘Jack, when there is a full moon magical things happen.  You have heard that haven’t you?’  Grandad walked slowly back over to the bench and sat down.
‘Yeah but scary things, like werewolves come out.’ Jack was now sitting beside his Grandad, still disappointed about leaving the shed.  Even though he was relieved to be away from all of the cobwebs.
‘Well amazing mystical things also happen each and every month depending on the position of the earth, the moon and the stars.’
‘Like what?’
‘Look up there Jack’ his Grandad said looking up at the stars.  ‘You know what your horoscope is don’t you?’
‘Yeah, I’m a Leo’
‘That’s right.  But do you know what that means?’
‘No’ Jack said looking at his Grandad.
‘Keep looking up Jack and I’ll explain it to you.  The sky is full of magical stars and wondrous galaxies.  Each star has a purpose and if you look closely some stars even tell a story or paint a picture.  For instance look here.’  His Grandad pointed to 3 stars in a line.
‘That’s Orions Belt.  And looking below this you can see Orions body.  Orion was a great hunter who lived millions of years ago.  Now he is immortalised by the stars.’
‘Wow.  What else can we see?’
‘Over to the right of Orion, you can see Taurus.  Taurus was the bull of heaven, a magnificent creature.  People born in the month of May are born under the star sign of the bull, Taurus.’  Grandad explained.  ‘Now look over here.  Can you see the stars there?’
‘I think so’
‘Well that’s the star sign of the Lion, Leo.  You and I are both Leo’s because we were born in August.  Leo was in ancient times called the red flame and could control the heat of the sun in the summer.  Others called him the little king.  Stars are centuries old and each have their own personality.  Eventually the stars die out just like people and are replaced by new stars.’
‘But Leo is not dead!’ Jack remarked, as he stared up at the stars.
‘That’s correct he isn’t.  The stars that die are like small pieces of his spirit.  There are millions and millions and when they die and are replaced by new ones, he grows wiser and wiser.  However, if a star falls to earth it is very powerful and the ancient people would find and protect the star from any evil forces.’
‘Like what?’  Jack asked, looking at his Grandad.
‘Well even back then some people wanted to have the power to themselves.  This is very dangerous as the stars are too powerful for human control and can cause massive catastrophes.’
‘How do you know all of this Grandad?’
‘Now, where should I begin…..OK I’ve got it.  When I was a young man in the war, as you know I flew fighter planes.’  As his Grandad began to tell his story Jack could picture it vividly in his mind.
‘I was piloting a fighter plane over the ocean.  It was August, the sky was bright blue and the sea was calm.  After about an hour or so, the peace was ended by the roar of an enemy plane approaching from behind.  I then realised there was not just one airplane but three.  Desperate, I pulled on the throttle and aimed for the clouds, flying high up into the mist I hoped I might just be able to hide from them.  For a while I could still hear the sound of their engines powering after me, but I could not see through the cloud as to where they were.  After a few minutes everything went quiet.  My vision was becoming more and more obscured and the cloud began getting thicker.  Looking out of my windows I decided to descend out of the clouds and risk being spotted.  I felt I had to, as something was not quite right.  It was an eerie silence and as I came out of the cloud the sky had gotten darker.  It was now grey and the water below looked black.  Suddenly my compass started to spin erratically and I lost control of the airplane.  As I fought desperately to regain command of the plane, the weather took a turn for the worse and I could hear thunder crashing in the clouds above me.  But I could not stop the plane from descending and I was nearly at the ocean waves.  Realising what was about to happen I looked up through my window, hoping, praying someone would happen to fly over and see me, so they would know to rescue me.  As I hit the water I was still looking up when the waves came crashing down on the window, but just at that moment, right before I was about to sink, I saw a miracle.  Looking up through the window, as I was submerging in the water I saw a star shooting through the sky.  At first I thought it was another fighter plane, perhaps it had been shot down by the enemy as it was engulfed in flames.  Then I realised it was too quick.  I wondered if it were some sort of UFO but that did not explain the fire.  It was just before I blacked out that I realised what it was.  It was heading down into the ocean, below the clouds, getting closer and closer to me even though I was sinking into the great unknown.  Then it all went black.’
‘What happened Grandad?!  How did you survive?’  Jack was now standing again, he could not sit still during such a dramatic story.
‘When I woke up I was in lying on a beach.  Where exactly, I didn’t know.  Neither did I know how I got there or how long it had taken. As I opened my eyes I struggled to adjust to the bright sun.  I thought I must have been dreaming at first, especially when I saw the moon in the blue sky.  But then it hit me.  I had crashed my plane into the ocean and seen a great light above me.  Perhaps I had not survived and this was my final resting place, my heaven.  I sat up and placed my head in my hands.  A sense of grief washed over me and I thought of how I may never see your grandmother again or your mum and aunty who were both so little.  How hard it would be for your grandmother to raise them on her own, and for them without a dad.  Your mum must have been about your age and your aunt the same age as Ruby.  Too young to be without a dad to teach them and play with them.
After what seemed like an eternity sat there alone I decided I needed to take my mind off of the situation and instead to explore the surroundings.  As I walked along the beach, pulling seaweed from my clothes I searched for any sign of life.  Though all I could find were rocks and sea shells.  Some of the shells were so large and colourful, I thought they must have been washed ashore from the very bottom of the ocean.  Who knows what beauties lie down there on the sea bed?  After an hour or so of walking I began to feel weak and tired.  I sat back down on the sand, letting the water wash up to my bare feet.  I hadn’t noticed until then that I was no longer wearing my shoes, how strange I thought.  Looking out over the horizon, the sun began to set.  It truly was magnificent, the beauty of the blue sky turning red with fire.  Then I noticed something, it was partially buried in the sand and the tide was washing over it.  Every time the water receded, a bit more of it was unearthed.  I began digging with my hands, fighting against the sand, until I finally pulled it free.  A treasure chest.  Bound with leather and gold, I rubbed away the sand and seaweed resting on the large heavy lid.  Set against the back drop of the red sky and the sound of the waves I began to open the lid.  I imagined at that moment, what it must have felt like to have been a pirate searching for buried treasure.  Only I had found mine and I didn’t have to search for it.  It came to me.
The chest had been watertight and the contents inside remained dry.  The walls of the chest were lined with red cushion and on the bottom sat a tired looking old book. This was all that was in the box, there was no treasure, but perhaps, I thought, the book may have a treasure map in.  I picked up the book.  It felt cold and damp.  The cover was brown and the pages had a dark yellow stained appearance.  As I flicked through the pages, I realised it was written in some form of ancient script.  With picture symbols instead of text and some pages had large charcoal like diagrams on.  What any of them meant, I did not know, but I presumed there must be something important in this book for it to be kept in such a grand chest.’
Jacks Grandad then stood and walked back towards the shed with Jack in tow.  He had not closed the door behind them when they had walked out earlier, so they walked straight in.  Kneeling beside the object they had earlier pulled up from the well, Grandad began to open the large heavy lid on the chest.
‘Grandad, it’s the treasure chest!’  Jack looked awe struck.  ‘It’s real, you really did find it!’
His Grandad smiled.  ‘Now, let me tell you the story of Regulus and Minos.’
Chapter 4
 Legends

‘I have been studying this book for many, many years now Jack.  Within it I have revealed ancient stories, some so extraordinary you would be forgiven for thinking they were mythological fairy tales.  Though even so, there is still much to this book which I have yet to uncover.  There are still many hidden truths kept secret for thousands of years and protected from the forces of evil.  I have dedicated my life to protecting this book and the secrets within but also to understanding what exactly it was that the ancients knew about our world.  I believe the ancient people of this world had far more knowledge than modern man and the civilisations of today have forgotten the secrets of yesterday.
To begin with I shall explain part of a story that I have managed to decipher.  A series of symbols and sketches form the story of Regulus and Minos.  It tells the story of the battle of the gods of the stars against an evil half god on earth.  There have always been myths based on the stars and their associated horoscopes but the true story, which I am about to tell you, was forgotten, lost in time many, many moons ago.
For it is the story of the lion in the stars, what we now know as Leo.  His true name is Regulus, the little king.  As the story goes, Regulus had a great battle against Minos the evil.  Minos was the son of a queen and a god.  His mother was a queen whose husband was killed in battle.  Her subjects were loyal to her as she was fair and just.  She worshipped the stars and obeyed the wishes of the gods.  Minos father was the powerful god Zeus, who ruled the sky and the thunder.  He was the god of the heavens and Regulus was the guardian of the heavens.  Minos grew jealous of his mother and fathers love for Regulus.  To them Regulus was a trusted and loyal friend.  Since birth Minos had always pitied mortal people and believed himself to be their true ruler, for they should obey him.  He thought it was his birth right to be a god and rule over the earth and the stars, including Regulus.
Minos mother tried her best to please Minos and dedicated her life to him but he wanted power.  Zeus could see this and began to shun Minos in favour of Regulus.  His mother tried to convince Zeus he had a good heart and meant well but Zeus could see the truth, Minos was evil.
Knowing the power the stars hold, Minos climbed to the top of a mountain.  Minos waited, for days and for months, through the wind, the rain and the snow before finally he saw a star shooting in the sky above him.  Then as the star was flying past he reached out and pulled it from the sky, with it still burning brightly in his hands the power began to surge through his body.  As he was half god he did not die, but he screamed out in pain as a dramatic transformation took place.  Zeus, angered by what his son had done, sent thunder roaring through all the stars in the sky, shaking them to the core.  But now the transformation had taken place.  Minos had not realised the full power of the star gods and did not understand how each star has a personality.  The star he had taken belonged to the star god of the bull, Taurus.  He absorbed the spirit from the star and a physical transformation had taken place.  His face was now large and covered in hair.  He had a long nose and horns on his head.  His body had grown to double the height and he developed large muscular arms and legs.  He was now half bull, half man with the power of a god.
Minos the evil then proceeded to flatten the villages and wildlife as he marched across the land in fury.  Feasting on adults and children, he truly was a beast.
Regulus, watching the horror unfold rushed to protect the people and defend the world the gods had created.  An epic battle ensued with Regulus fighting desperately to save the world from such evil.  Minos, with the strength of a bull powered back against the might of Regulus resulting in massive destruction.
When the dust finally settled, Regulus lay tired and injured.  He had narrowly beaten Minos but there were far reaching consequences caused by the widespread devastation.
The world had changed forever.  Regulus had to use all of his control over the stars to beat Minos which culminated in a huge explosion of power.  As Regulus awoke he found the world darker and colder than ever before.  The beauty and magic of the ancient star worshippers and their land had been locked forever in five small fragments of the star which had exploded.
The heavens had been protected but the world they governed had lost the peace and tranquillity it had always known.  Minos had scurried away to the bowels of the earth.  Lurking down below, he watched and waited for centuries, waiting and planning for his return to power.’
Jack was looking at the symbols in the book as his Grandad continued to tell his story.
‘Regulus felt guilty and shameful that he had not been able to prevent such devastation from happening and dedicated his life to resurrecting the sanctity of the world.  Zeus was powerless to return the earth to its former glory without the power locked within the fragments of the star.  He could see that Regulus blamed himself and asked him to return to the heavens and rest with him in the stars, but Regulus felt too ashamed to return.  Out of love for his friend, Zeus permitted Regulus to remain on earth, knowing he would never be truly happy until he could find all of the fragments of the star.  Each fragment of the star held in it a part of the forgotten world, locked in forever until the star could be made whole again.
Minos knew this and he still wanted the power to himself.  Remaining underground he scoured the earth trying to find the fragments of the star which had been lost in the great explosion. As long as the star remained broken, Minos had greater control over the world.  Slowly and over thousands of years, he spread evil across the world.  As if creating a plague, he grew fear and violence in the hearts of children, corrupting their minds from a young age.  Eventually the evil began to conquer the good on earth and wars began erupting, with people killing other people.  Something that had never happened in the millennium the star gods ruled the earth.
During this time Regulus travelled the globe, quietly searching for each fragment of the star.  Finally after hundreds of years of solitude and loneliness he came across a piece hidden deep in the snow of the arctic.  As he held the fragment in his paw, he suddenly disappeared leaving only his paw prints in the snow.’
‘What happened to Regulus Grandad?’
‘I do not know Jack.  I think Zeus may have placed him back amongst the stars.  Seeing how tired and weak his old friend had grown on earth, I think he may have realised it was time Regulus gave up his quest.’
Grandad reached into his chest pocket and pulled out a small chunk of stone.  Holding it out in his palm, ‘this is a fragment of the star Jack.  It doesn’t look much but if all five pieces are re-formed then I can only imagine what power the star will hold.  This is why I have been searching for the remaining four fragments since I was a young man.  The funny thing is, I actually had this fragment long before I found the chest and learnt to decipher the story in the book.  Maybe it was my destiny, or fate.  I really don’t know but I was amazed to realise the star had been in my possession for a long time and saved my life more than once.’
‘It just looks like a broken up old rock!’ Jack said bemused.
‘That’s what I used to think.’
‘If that is part of the star, how did you get it? And what do you mean it saved your life?’  Jack asked.
‘Well you see Jack.  During the war I was on a mission to recover stolen treasure from an army general of the enemy.  He had been sending his army to collect all manner of mysterious and magical items from around the world.  He did not care what he did to acquire the items he wanted and no one could understand the reason behind his desperation to find these items.  He would have his men plunder whole villages and kill anyone who stood in his way.
I did not know what treasure he had stolen or the history behind the items, I was simply following orders and that was to recover the items at whatever cost.
One night we had word that the treasure was being held in a vault in a mansion.  Myself and five other men were sent to retrieve it, a simple snatch and grab, we were told.
We waited until midnight, it was a full moon and the stars were shining bright.  We decided the best way in would be to go across the roof tops avoiding the guards patrolling them by hiding in the shadows and behind chimney tops.  They didn’t suspect a thing.  When we reached the mansion roof we tied a rope around a chimney to abseil down the wall.  We were silent, climbing down the front of the building, nobody was aware of our presence.
When we entered the window we were careful not to alert the guards patrolling inside.  Hiding around corners and in empty rooms we monitored the movement of the guards as they wandered the great halls and corridors of the mansion.  One by one we would scurry past as the guards had their backs turned or if they bumped into each other for a conversation.
Based on the intelligence we had been given, we were using our memories to find our way.  We each had our own section to memorise, mine being the navigation through the guards mess quarters, down through the main dining hall with a table long enough to seat fifty guests or more.  Past the library full of dusty old books and finally through a large entertaining area with a large fireplace at one end of the room and a grand piano in the corner.
We had managed to avoid detection.  The vault was supposed to be on the other side of the entertaining area, though when we entered the room we realised there was not another exit.  We quietly searched the room, looking for a hidden entrance.  Our first thought was to check behind a large cabinet encasing expensive looking glassware but there was nothing there.  The fireplace was an obvious option but the logs in the fire were burning strong.  We knew we were running out of time, one of our team was keeping watch at the door and he could hear the guards talking at the other end of the corridor.  They could return at any moment.
We were becoming desperate in our search and our spirits had dampened, we thought we had failed our mission and that we may even be captured by the enemy, who knew what they would do to us.  As I searched around the piano I accidentally knocked a few keys, the sound was loud and we worried the guards would hear.  Luckily it appeared that they didn’t but something else did happen.  When I had pressed the keys, the flames in the fire began blowing to the left as though a wind was sweeping through the fireplace but there wasn’t.  After a couple of seconds the fire returned to normal, gently pressing a key we watched to see if it happened again but it didn’t.  So I pressed another key, and then another, with the third key the flames moved.  “Maybe there’s a sequence”, I said to the others and began pressing the other keys but nothing happened.   “This is taking too long” I said, “It could be I have to press the keys in a certain order but there are hundreds of possible combinations, we will never make it in time!”  It was then that I decided to try playing the notes in the music book left open on the piano.  I am not a very good pianist but I know the basics from music lessons at school, so slowly I followed the notes.  The fire was being blown to the left with every note I played.  Each correct key appeared to be blowing the flames out and we could see a small dark passage behind the flames.  As it was nearly out I made a mistake and the fire grew strong again, I would have to start from the beginning.
“They’re coming, quick!” our watchman whispered from the door.
“We’re done for!” another said.
I tried to play quicker but I knew if I made another mistake then there would not be enough time to start again.  The rest of the guys gathered by the fireplace ready to jump through as soon as the flames were gone.  I could now hear the guards in the corridor, they were close but not close enough.  Just in the nick of time, I finished the music and the fire went out.  Everyone quickly scrambled through with me behind them.  As I went through the fireplace, there was a lever on the wall which I decided to pull.  Once I did the flames rapidly shot up and engulfed the fireplace.  Looking back through the smoke I could see the guards enter the room, we had made it!’
‘What happened Grandad?!’  Jack was eager to learn more and how his Grandad came to find the star.
‘As we crawled through the long dark passage behind the fireplace, weaving and curling through the walls we finally reached a large opening.  There in front of us, was a large door, nearly a hundred feet tall and with a thick gold frame and handles.  Looking at the door we did not think we would be able to turn the large golden handles, let alone pull the door open.  But that is exactly what we did.  The door was as light as a feather and as we opened it the whole room lit bright.  Oh, the treasures hidden in there were beyond belief.  Ancient artefacts, some thousands of years old were sprawled across the room.  Gold, diamonds and jewels of all colours lit the room up like a rainbow.  
To begin with, we all were quiet, gazing in wonderment at the treasure.  Then, once we had realised what exactly it was that we had just achieved we began shouting with joy and running around the room like children at Christmas.  We had been told specific items that needed retrieving and so with a couple of large brown sacks we had taken with us, we began to search the room.  A couple of the lads got carried away and began filling their pockets with gold coins and ruby necklaces.  I however was only tempted by one mysterious item.  I was drawn to an area at the back of the room.  I cannot explain the feeling it was that I felt, but I had an aching inside my heart, a desperation to dive through the treasure in search of something, but what I did not know.  It was as though I knew there was something special hidden there.  Like a piece of metal drawn to a magnet there was a force pulling me towards it.  As I reached further and further in I felt it under my fingers.  I knew for sure this was the item I wanted.  As I pulled my hands out with my grasp tight on the item, I found I was holding a small wooden box. It looked tired and old but as I held it in my hands I could feel my fingers shaking.  My heart was pounding, I thought it was loud enough to alert the guards:  Boom Boom……Boom Boom……Boom Boom.  Lifting the lid slowly, sweat was dripping from my brow.  
There it was, a fragment of the star.  It did not glow and it did not look anything special, more like a worn lump of stone.  I still did not know what it was exactly but I did know I had a connection to it, I could feel it.  Like the connection a mother has the moment she cradles her new born baby in her arms, I felt as though my whole life had been preparing me for this moment.
I took the fragment of the star out of the box, it felt cold.  The others told me it was time to go, we had been in there for long enough and it would be getting light soon.  I placed the small piece of stone in to my chest pocket and we made our way back out of the treasure trove.
As we crawled back through the fireplace and into the entertaining area we found ourselves trapped.  The guards were waiting for us, there must have been four or five of them all with guns pointed directly at us.  We all stood silently, waiting for whatever hand fate was going to deal us.
“You dare to break in to my house and steal my treasure!”  We could hear the voice before we could see the person who said it.  Then walking in from behind the guards came a tall slender man.  He had a long pointy black moustache and a pointy black beard from his chin to match.  Wearing a black tuxedo, with a small black bow tie, he also had small round glasses resting on the end of his nose.
“Why is it then that you think you have the right to take my belongings?  Items I have worked very hard to acquire over a long period of time.” He said firmly, now standing in front of us with a stern look on his face.
“But they’re not your items to keep, you stole them from others!” Without thought I blurted out exactly what was on my mind.  The others kept their heads facing forward but I could feel them looking at me out of the corners of their eyes.  They were not impressed at what I had just done, and neither was I.
He came walking straight towards me and stood towering over me, like a teacher would a pupil who has been naughty in class.
“You have no idea what you are talking about, you ignorant fool.  If they are not my belongings, then to whom exactly do they belong?!” He was scowling now and I could feel the spit from his mouth hit my face as he shouted down at me.
“Well, I don’t know who exactly but I have heard you have been ordering your men to steal them.  I have no doubt that you probably had to search for many years for some of the items but that does not make them yours.”  What was I thinking?!  I have no idea what came over me but I was feeling very brave and bitter towards this angry man in front of me.
Puffing my chest and staring him square in the eyes I said, “Sir, we plan on returning these items to their rightful owners, and that certainly is not you!”  Wiping the spit from my face, I said “Now stand aside and let us be on our way!”
I put my arm out and pushed him to my left to begin walking forward.  The others were still silent and with fair reason, obviously mortified by what I was doing.
“BANG” a puff of smoke raised up out of one of the guards rifles.  It was aimed right for me.  I felt the pressure as the bullet hit my chest, it all happened so quickly.  The lads turned their heads to look at me, the angry man seemed just as surprised as I and turned to look at the guard who had fired the shot.  My knees buckled and I fell to the floor before blacking out.
After that all I remember is waking up in an alley amongst a load of trash cans.  I looked down at my chest where I had been shot but I could not see any blood.
“He’s awake!  Look lads, his eyes are open!”
I raised my head to look around and saw the rest of my team standing around me.  They were all there and without a scratch on them from what I could see.
“What happened?” I said, still feeling a bit wheezy from being shot in the chest.
“You were acting crazy, is what happened!” One of the lads said.
“Yeah, what did you think would happen?” Another asked.
“Sorry lads.  What happened after I got shot?  How are we all still alive?”  I couldn’t understand how we were all ok.
“It was a miracle!” One of them declared.
“Aye that it was!”  Another agreed.
“When you got shot, we thought we were done for.  The guards pointed their guns right at us and the strange fella in the black suit was very angry.  He shouted at the guard who shot you and then he turned to us and shouted at us.”
“Yeah, he said that we were going to suffer for your rudeness.  He ordered the guards to escort us out of the room.  One of them came and began to tie our hands behind our backs whilst the rest remained with their guns pointed at us.  Then the man in the suit walked over to your body and lent down over you.  With his eyes closed he held his hands out above you with his palms facing down and began to say some kind of chant, it was most strange.”
“That’s when it happened.”  Another remarked.
“As he said the chant, your chest began glowing bright yellow, like the gold in the treasure room.  Only it began getting brighter and brighter, even the guard stopped tying our hands as he stood watching in amazement.  We were not sure if the man performing the chant had known this would happen and he remained with his eyes closed, as though performing some mystical magic.  Until the light grew so bright, the entire room was glowing with pure white light.”
Expressing his feelings, one of them said “I thought it was the gate to heaven itself, opening up for you to enter.”
“Then suddenly the man in the suit burst into flames, as did the guards, each one spontaneously combusting one after the other.  We were petrified we were next, when all of a sudden the light exploded through the mansion like a solar flare.  Destroying the mansion walls, the light burst upwards as though on a mission to space, then it was gone.  As the men lay writhing around the floor in pain, with their flesh on fire we made no hesitation in untying our hands and grabbing you, before running out through the crumbling hole where there once was a wall.  Once out we carried you as fast and as far as we could until we decided to hide here down this alley, using the rubbish as cover.”
“I….I…..I don’t really know what to say.  Thanks lads and I’m sorry I acted the way I did, I don’t know what came over me.  But how am I still alive?”  I was still very much in shock.
“We were wondering that.  I thought he may have been bringing you back to life with some kind of dark magic, but you seem normal to me.  You’re not a demon are ya?”  The guys began to laugh, which put a smile on my face.
‘No I don’t think so!”  I said joining in with the laughter.  “But my chest, I felt the bullet hit me.”  I then pulled my shirt open by the buttons to look at my chest, there was a small bruise there but that was all.  And then I realised.  I put my hand in my chest pocket and pulled out the small object I had placed in there earlier.
“What’s that?”  The men asked.
“I’m not sure.  I found it in the treasure room in a little wooden box and put it in my chest pocket.  It looks just like a piece of stone and I figured it was worthless but….”
“But what” They asked.
“Well, I felt like I had a connection to it and I was meant to find it.  And…….well it saved my life.  The bullet hit was aiming straight for my heart until it hit this chunk of rock.  I may not know exactly what it is but I think this small piece of rock kept us all alive.”

Chapter 5
 Six months later

Sitting at home in front of the television, Jack was watching the news whilst eating his dinner.  It was quite boring tonight and the stories so far had all been about politics.  Jack found politics really dreary and his mind would often wander when he heard it discussed.  Then suddenly a story came on which grabbed his attention.  The story was about Australia and the current boom in the mining industry.  However this was not what interested Jack.  What had really grabbed his attention was that the mining had uncovered many ancient artefacts.  All across the Australian outback, items were being unearthed which had been buried deep in the ground for hundreds if not thousands of years.  Jack wondered at what marvels they may have found.
‘What rubbish.  Turn it over Jack.’ Mr Chambers said whilst trying to chew a mouthful of food.
‘I’m watching it dad.’ Jack replied defensively. 
‘They’re probably just pieces of worthless old metal.  Nobody cares about that sort of thing.  Now turn it over.’  He said dismissively. 
‘Do as your dad says Jack, turn it over.  Now if you have finished your dinner, take your plate to the kitchen.’ Mrs Chambers said.
Jack used the remote control to change the channel on the television and left it on the sofa next to his dad before standing up and walking to the kitchen with his plate.
‘Why do I have to do what they tell me?  If I want to watch that then I will.’  Jack was standing in the kitchen, looking down at the floor and gently kicking his foot into the kitchen cabinets.
‘They’re not clever enough to understand it.  That’s what it is.’  He was still sulking but now had a little smirk on his face.
Ruby had now followed him into the kitchen and was trying to cuddle up to him when the phone rang.
‘JACK - can you get it?’  Mrs Chambers shouted from the living room.
‘Why do I have to do everything?!’  Jack mumbled as he walked over to the phone which was sat on the kitchen side.
‘Hello’ Jack said, still mumbling as he answered the phone.
‘JACK, is that you?’ the voice shouted to begin with but then began to whisper.
‘Yes, who is this?’ Jack replied.
‘It’s Grandad.  Did you see the news just then?’
‘Yes, why?’  Ruby was still cuddling Jacks legs.
‘They have found one.  I’m coming to get you.  Get yourself ready.’  Grandad said whilst not really explaining what he meant.
‘What?  Where are we going?’  
‘Beeeeeeeeeeeep.’  Jack received no reply as Grandad had hung up the phone.
Looking at Ruby Jack told her he had to go with Grandad to help him find something he had lost.  She looked up at him with her big blue eyes, still clinging to his trouser leg but did not speak.
Jack then went to his room and decided what to take with him.  Emptying his school rucksack all over his bed he began to rummage through his drawers and closet.  First he grabbed a torch, this would come in very handy he thought.  Then he picked up his portable games console as he might get bored along the way.  Piling all kinds of items in, until his bag was fit to explode.  He had books, a board game, his favourite toys, everything in fact that he would try to take on holiday with him before his mum would complain and say he didn’t need it all.
He then had to decide what to wear and settled on a pair of navy blue jeans, a red t-shirt and a grey sweatshirt on top.  As he pulled on his favourite white trainers, the doorbell rang downstairs.  Rushing down the stairs to open the door, he found his Grandad waiting for him.
Before Mr or Mrs Chambers had a chance to move from the sofa, Jack was closing the front door behind him as his Grandad shouted ‘I’m just taking Jack to help me with something, be back soon’ and with that the door closed behind them.
‘It’s a bit late for Grandad to want Jack to help him with work.  Oh, I do worry sometimes about what they to get up to?’  Mrs Chambers said whilst still watching the television.
‘Oh, he’s alright.  It’s better that he is with his Grandad rather than off getting into mischief!’  Mr Chambers replied, whilst heavily engrossed in watching the television.
‘I suppose your right.’  Mrs Chambers said.
Little Ruby remained staring at the front door waiting for Jack to come back in, but he never did.

The taxi was going quickly.  It was cold outside and the roads were treacherous.  The weather forecast had predicted scattered showers but this had been a torrential storm.  As the night lights went by the car window, Jack could see people struggling in the wind with their umbrellas up, trying to keep the rain from soaking them.  At a set of traffic lights he saw a stray cat sat with its fur all wet and matted.  For some odd reason this made him think of Ruby and her curly blonde hair, when would he see her again, if at all.
As they arrived at the airport, Jack and his Grandad ran through the rain to the entrance.
‘Where are we going Grandad?’ Jack asked as he wiped the rain water from his face and ran his hands through his short blonde hair, shaking the water out.
‘Why, Australia of course!’ His Grandad said whilst looking up at the flight information board.  ‘Now let me figure this out.’
‘Australia! Mum and dad won’t let me.’ Jack looked shocked and slightly worried.
‘Don’t worry about them lad.  We’ll be alright, you trust me don’t you?’  He looked down at Jack with a smile.
Grandads cheery face always made Jack feel safe.  ‘Yes, you know I do.’ 
‘Well there you go then.’ Grandad was looking up at the flight information board again.
‘But what’s in Australia?  Is it something to do with what was on the news?’  Jack did not know anyone who had been to Australia before and wondered why they were going there.
His Grandad had already begun walking away and either didn’t hear Jack or chose not to answer.  But Jack decided to wait and ask him again later.
‘Who are we flying with Grandad?’  Jack was now looking up at the board high in the air trying to help.
‘I’m not sure yet.  Whatever flight we can get on, I suppose.’
Whilst watching the passengers dragging along their large over packed suitcases, Jack felt he had forgotten something.  Thinking for a moment he realised, ‘Grandad, I’ve forgotten my rucksack.  We need to go get it before we leave.’
‘No time Jack, sorry lad.’
‘But Grandad, it’s got everything we need in it.’  Jack said with a sad look on his face.
‘Don’t worry Jack.  We’ll find lots of great things on this adventure and I’m sure we won’t get bored.  What do you think?’ Grandad said whilst putting his arm around Jacks shoulders.
‘Yeah, we always have fun and we work hard.’  Jack perked up. 
They were now walking towards the check-in counters where people place their baggage on the belts and show their passports to the staff.  There were queues of people all waiting with their suitcases.  The staff seemed overwhelmed and none too pleased at the influx of people.  But Jack and his Grandad did not join a queue, instead they stood alone at the very end of the building.  Grandad seemed hesitant.  Standing still he appeared anxious.  Watching intently as the staff greeted more and more passengers, each one with a large fake smile and the same remarks of ‘have a nice flight.’
‘Jack, do you see that hole in the wall over there?  The large one where the bags disappear behind the staff.’  Grandad did not point as he did not want to make his plan appear to obvious.
Looking to the left behind the last check-in counter, Jack could see the suitcases fade into the darkness as they began their journey to another country.  ‘Yes I see it.’
‘When I say so.  You need to run towards it and jump through the hole.  Sit on the belt with the bags.’  He could see Jack looked scared.  ‘I’ll be right behind you, its fine.’  Then within a second Grandad gave the order.   ‘GO NOW!’
Jack didn’t want to do it, but he also didn’t want to let his Grandad down.  He wanted to make him proud and prove he wasn’t scared, but really he was.  Running whilst crouching down he headed past the check-in counters and towards the hole in the wall.  He could hear his Grandad behind him and could see a suitcase on the belt in front.  Quickly jumping forwards, he was now crouching behind the suitcase as they disappeared into the unknown.  Not far behind, Grandad looked relieved as he tried to catch his breath whilst lying on the belt as it carried him along.
Clambering forwards over a suitcase, Jacks Grandad sat next to him on the belt.  The surroundings were dark, with only faint lighting hanging from the ceiling.  As they travelled on the belt, moving slowly along beside the bags, the only noise they could hear was that of machinery.  A loud humming noise resonated through their ears, whilst every now and then there would be a loud bang.  What it was, they did not know but Jack was not looking forward to finding out.  The belt was steeped at an incline, taking them not just forwards but closer and closer towards the ceiling.  Neither Jack nor his Grandad spoke for a little while.  Instead they sat silent as they travelled along this mysterious journey.  Contemplating what they had just done and the consequences of being caught, Jack thought to himself ‘mum is going to be so mad at me.’  Grandad however now had a pleasant look on his face.  His breath had returned and he felt exhilarated, much like he did in his younger years.  He was eager to begin this great adventure ahead of them.
‘Well done Jack.  See, we’ll be alright.  We just need to stay on here a little longer and then find our way to the plane.’
‘What if we get caught?’ Jack said whilst looking at the great hall they were entering.
‘We won’t Jack, don’t worry!  Look at that Jack.  You see this belt we are on, it’s called a conveyor.  Look at all of them.’  
Spread out as far as the eye could see were conveyors running in every direction possible.  They were still high in the air and Jack felt slightly nervous as he peeked out from above the top of the conveyor.
‘Wow!’  Jack said as he gazed at the labyrinth they were entering.  Thousands of bags were all moving along the belts in different directions, each being carried to the plane where their respective owners were waiting.  Jack felt like they were on a great rollercoaster, riding it to the very top until it began its sudden descent.  Looking down below Jack could see past all of the conveyor belts to the ground.  At the bottom there were lots of men working, pulling the big bags off with their large burly hands and throwing them onto their trucks.  From up here they seemed almost like ants but he suspected they would appear much closer relatively soon.
The loud banging noise was now upon them.  Ahead they could see the cause and it didn’t look like anything Jack wanted to be near anytime soon.
‘Wah-Boom………Wah-Boom………Wah-Boom’
Bags were being knocked from one conveyor to another.  A large mechanical arm came out from the side of the conveyor and would hit the bags one after the other.
‘Wah-Boom………Wah-Boom………Wah-Boom’
Like a giant paddle from a pinball machine, they struck the bags like a baseball bat would hit a ball out of the park.
‘Grandad!’  Jack was fumbling backwards over the bags, as was his Grandad.  Trying to distance themselves from this great destroyer of bags.
‘What are we going to do?  We’re too high to jump.’  Jack was in a panic and speaking frantically.
Scanning the area quickly, Grandad came up with an idea.  ‘Jump on top of that suitcase there Jack and hold on tight to the handles.’
‘What?!’  Jack didn’t like the sound of the plan his Grandad had in mind.
‘Quick Jack, remember to hold on tight and stay on top.’  Grandad began to climb on top of a suitcase himself.
There were no other options, Jack had to try what his Grandad said, as much as he didn’t like the idea.  He quickly grabbed the large bag that had accompanied him along this journey and climbed on top of it.  As he neared the demon bag destroyer, Jack grasped the handles of the bag so tight his knuckles were white and his palms burning hot.
‘Wah-Boom’
Before he knew what was happening Jack was blasted through the air by the great machine.  Keeping his eyes closed tightly until he was safe again, Jack was happy it was over.
‘Woo hoo!’ Grandad shouted as he flew across on a suitcase, landing behind Jack.
Now they began their descent.  The conveyors gradually angled down towards the floor, sending them towards the men working below.
‘What do we do now Grandad? Jack said looking back for advice.
‘When we get low enough, we will have to jump over the side.’
‘But they’ll see us’ Jack said looking anxious.
‘We’ll have to be quick.’
As they neared the men working below, Jack and his Grandad waited for their opportunity.  There was one man directly in their path and as the bags came towards him he would grab them before turning and throwing them into a large container on his truck.  They would have to jump from the conveyor as he had his back turned.  It would be their only chance and they had to take it.
Only a few metres from the ground Jack and Grandad hid behind a couple of suitcases as the belt took them closer and closer.  Until all of a sudden Grandad leapt over the side pulling Jack with him.  Quickly they scurried across the floor hiding behind a large metal container full of suitcases.  Neither Jack nor his Grandad dared to speak, as they did not want to alert the workers.
Grandad was trying to think of a plan.  They had to find their way to the aeroplane waiting to go to Australia.  Jack noticed that each bag had a label attached to the handle.  Thinking back to when they were stood watching the passengers put their suitcases on the belts he remembered seeing the check-in staff putting labels on each bag.  ‘These must be how they know where the bags are travelling to’ he thought to himself.  ‘We need to find a bag with a label that says Australia on it and follow it to the aeroplane’ he thought.
Without speaking he tapped Grandad on the shoulder and pointed to another large container full of bags.  Grandad was unsure of what Jack was pointing at and shook his head.  Pulling on his arm, Jack tried to get his Grandad to follow him but he began frowning at Jack.
Quickly when nobody could see, Jack scrambled across the floor, hiding behind another container.  Worried about him, Grandad followed.  Here Jack could see a label on a bag; ‘Jamaica’ it wasn’t this one.  He pointed at the label to show his Grandad, hoping he would realise what his idea was.  Grandad gave a thumbs up with his right hand and mouthed the words well done to Jack.
Continuing in this manner, Jack and Grandad must have searched twenty full containers of bags.  All whilst darting in and out of sight from the workers.  Stealthily sneaking past when they weren’t looking and checking the labels on the bags.  Jack felt like he was in one of his Grandads stories.  Until finally they found a pile of bags, all with the label ‘Australia’ attached.  As soon as they had found it though, a worker came driving towards them in a truck.  Pushing Grandad into the large container, Jack jumped in behind him, where they wedged themselves hidden amongst the stacks of bags.  The worker pulled up in his truck directly in front of the container they were hiding in.  Four eyes peered out from amongst the baggage, as the worker slammed the steel door shut, putting them into absolute darkness.
They could feel the container moving, the piles of bags were swaying backwards and forwards with the movement.  The rumble of an engine vibrated through the steel walls of the container, shaking them to their cores.  Jack and Grandad knew the container was being moved, they just hoped it was taking them where they wanted to go.  If not then they were in big trouble.  After what seemed like a lifetime, they came to a stop.  There were people shouting outside, but the container muffled the sound.  Jacks eyes had adjusted slightly to the darkness but all there was to see were bags.  His arms and legs were trapped by the weight of the luggage and he was unable to turn his head to look at his Grandad.  Breathing heavily, he felt like the air was being sucked from the container.  Jack had begun to panic when the container suddenly jolted forwards and he felt they were again moving.  Again they came to a stop, but this time it was silent.  After a while of waiting, Grandad struggled through the baggage to the door of their large steel coffin.  Still struggling to see or to move Jack could make out light shining through the frame of the door.  In front he could see a silhouette of his Grandad slowly cracking the door open.  The light was getting brighter, so bright it blinded Jack after being confined to such darkness.  He closed his eyes, until he felt the suitcases in front of him, which had pinned him back for so long, suddenly tumble forwards.  Before he knew it he was being lifted out of the container, dragged into the light.  Had they been caught?  He kept his eyes closed, the light was too intense.
‘WELL DONE JACK!  YOU DID IT!  WE MADE IT!’  Grandad, weak as he was had Jack in the air, gleaming with joy.
Jack opened his eyes, he could not believe what they had just achieved.
The container had been loaded into the aeroplane, stored in an area away from the passengers.  As long as their theory was correct, they would be on a plane to Australia.  The baggage hold of the plane was a large brightly lit room.  Metal walls painted white, curved with the shape of the plane.  Six other steel containers were also in there, each containing around fifty bags.
After a moment of celebration, Jack and his Grandad sat on the cold hard floor.  The room originally silent, other than their voices echoing against the curved metal, was now engulfed by the sound of the jet engines.  
Jack began to think of his mum, his dad and of little Ruby.  Feeling an overwhelming flow of emotion he fought back the tears.  Guilty about running away and not telling his mum.  Sad about not knowing when he would see them again.  Excited about his new adventure.  Scared about how dangerous this adventure would be and most of all he was exhausted.  Grandad moved closer and placed his arm around Jack, he knew now was not the time for words, but something else was also playing on his mind.

Chapter 6
 Parachutes and Camels

When Jacks grandmother had searched the house high and wide for Grandad, she realised he had gone.  Recalling his ramblings, she remembered him repeating the words ‘It’s in Australia’ and ‘how could I have not realised’ before he disappeared.  She even attempted to unlock Grandads garden shed.  For she had never been allowed inside even after fifty years.  But the lock was too strong and could not be broken.
Rushing around to Mr and Mrs Chambers house, Jacks grandmother arrived barely three hours after Jack had vanished into the night with his Grandad.
Explaining to Mrs Chambers that Grandad had been watching the news before disappearing and that she thought they might be on their way to Australia.  She pleaded with Mrs Chambers not to tell Mr Chambers and that Grandad would look after Jack.  Mrs Chambers demanded to know why they would do such a thing and to this grandmother explained how Grandad had always told so many stories that over the years she feigned interest and rarely bothered to pay attention.  She suspected it had something to do with one of these stories.
Mrs Chambers would have none of it and was hysterical as she told her husband everything.  Originally dismissing the claims, Mr Chambers ran upstairs intending to search Jacks room high and low.  But as he entered Jacks small and generally untidy room he immediately spotted the rucksack which Jack had forgotten.  It was still full of Jacks stuff.  Realising Jack had been packing for a journey, Mr Chambers went back into the living room and picked up the phone.  Grandmother asked who he was calling and he thundered back that he was calling the police.  Mrs Chambers agreed and against grandmothers pleas she allowed Mr Chambers to call the police.  With tears running down her face, Mrs Chambers sat on the sofa with grandmother and told her how it was not right for Grandad to take Jack away and that he must be going funny in his old age.  Grandmother would not agree, she spoke of how much Grandad loved Jack and he would never do anything that would place him in harm.
*	*	*
Jack and Grandad had been in the air for over twenty hours.  They had managed to sleep relatively well, opening some of the suitcases they used items of clothing as bedding.  They had even found some items of food, chocolate and crisps to eat.  Jack was feeling happier and had been enjoying his time spent chatting and laughing with Grandad.
‘Right Jack, are you ready?’ Grandad said standing to his feet.  
Jack thought it was remarkable how energetic his Grandad seemed compared to recently.  It must be due to the adrenaline and excitement he reasoned.
Grandad walked over to the side of the plane.  Jack was now standing and stretched his arms out over his head whilst taking a big yawn.
‘Here you go Jack, put this on.’  Grandad handed Jack a large back pack he had lifted off of a hook on the wall.  He was putting one on his back as well.
‘What are in these Grandad?’  Jack said, sliding his arms through the large straps.
‘Parachutes.’  Grandad began to help Jack tighten the straps around his chest.
‘WHAT?!’  Jack was leaning forwards, the weight of the large bag pushing him down.
‘Calm down Jack.  It will be fine.  Most people don’t realise that the pilot and his crew keep parachutes down here ready for emergencies.’
‘But, why do we have to?  It’s not an emergency!  Is it?!’  Jack began to fret.
‘No, no.  Everything is ok.’  Grandad reassured Jack.  ‘But if I know your mum and dad at all, which I do.  They would have called the police about eighteen hours ago and grandmother would have told them we are coming to Australia.  So they’ll probably be waiting at the airport for us.’  Grandad finished helping Jack and then walked towards the back of the plane.
‘They wouldn’t.  Mum and dad wouldn’t and neither would grandmother.  Why would they?’  Jack tried to rush after his Grandad but was slowed down by the backpack.
‘I’m afraid they would Jack.  Look, I don’t blame them and you shouldn’t either.  They have got your best interests at heart, they love you and they will be worried about you.’ Grandad attempted to reason with Jack.
‘No, they just wouldn’t.’ Jack was upset.
‘Jack, they don’t know about the star, the chest, any of it.  All they know is that I have taken you from home, without asking for permission and without any change of clothes, anything.  If it was me I would have done the same.’
‘No you wouldn’t.’
‘Yes I would Jack.  I love you as well and I wouldn’t let anything happen to you.  That’s all they are trying to do, is protect you.  Now are you going to come with me or have I got to do this on my own?’  Grandad was standing next to a door at the back of the plane.  As always he was smiling whilst talking to Jack.  This always relaxed Jack.
Jack reluctantly agreed. ‘Ok, I’ll come.’
‘Good lad.  Now stand back.’ Grandad, grabbed hold of a large metal wheel on the door and began to turn it anti-clockwise.  Finally the door flew open.  Caught by a huge gust of wind the hinges broke and the door flew out into the sky.
Grandad and Jack stood back, the gusts of the wind through the door were ferocious.  They felt as though they were going to be sucked out through the open doorway also.
‘Jack, when you jump out, count to thirty and then pull the red cord on your parachute ok?’  Grandad gave Jack a quick lesson on how to use the parachute.
Looking for the cord, Jack spotted it to his left.  He was nervous and his stomach felt funny.  ‘Ok.’
‘Go Jack, Go!’  Grandad shouted above the wind.
With great hesitation Jack walked towards the door.  As he edged closer he looked back nervously at his Grandad, who was smiling beckoning him forward.  Then suddenly without chance to react he was sucked out through the door and sent spiralling into the vast open air.
‘AAAAAAAAARRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH!’  Jack was spinning uncontrollably, barely able to see as the clouds whirled around him like a giant candy floss.
‘Heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeelp!!’  His stomach was in his throat.
‘JACK, LAY FLAT ON YOUR STOMACH.’ Jack could hear Grandad shouting from amongst the clouds above him.  He had followed Jack out of the plane.
Battling against the wind, Jack attempted to re-position his body.  He knew if he opened his parachute now he would continue to spin out of control and the parachute would tangle up, rendering it useless.  He had to do as his Grandad said.  On the first attempt he ended up somersaulting forwards, spinning head first into the clouds.  The second attempt, he ended up flying back up in the air before the wind picked up in his face and lifted him into a vertical position, only he was upside down.  Finally on the third attempt he managed to lay flat.  He could see the earth below rushing towards him.  Reaching round Jack pulled the red cord, the parachute shot out of the bag on his back extending above him in the air.  Once the parachute fully opened it caught the wind and yanked Jack back up in the air, before slowing him down and allowing him to glide in the breeze.
‘Well done Jack!  You did really well.’  Grandad had managed to catch up to Jack and they were now flying through the air side by side.  ‘Isn’t it beautiful Jack? That’s Australia.’
Looking as far as the eyes could see, Jack for the first time in his life was lost for words.  He was now living out one of his Grandads old stories and this time it was for real, not in his imagination.
It was now summer time in Australia and the afternoon sun was ravaging.  The sky was clear with the only clouds now up above Jack, high in the atmosphere.  Down below the land looked flat and mostly brown or red with the occasional green patch or small blue stream.
‘Jack, thanks for coming.  I’m getting too old to do this sort of thing on my own you know.  Now it’s your turn to earn some stories of your own, to tell your grandkids when you get to my age.’  Grandad said bouncing in the wind.
‘Grandad, what are we going to do when we land?’ Jack chose not to think of his Grandad being too old.  How could he be, when he is sneaking onto aeroplanes and jumping from them mid-air?
‘We need to find the local aboriginal tribe.  They will help guide us.  Tribe people around the world have been protecting the secrets of the land for thousands of years.’  Grandad explained with a large smile on his face clearly enjoying their flight.
As the ground came rushing towards them at great speed Jack began to panic again.
‘When you hit the floor Jack, drop to the ground and roll.’  Grandad tried to explain but Jack was too worried to take it in.
‘Aaaaarrrrrrrgggggggh!’  Jack screamed as he hit the ground at a great velocity.  He had no control over his body and crashing into the sand below he began to roll around.  When he finally came to a halt he found himself trapped underneath the large parachute.  Scrambling for air, Jack pulled the parachute away from his head, only to find his Grandad standing smiling at him.
Grandad helped Jack to his feet and removed the parachute bag from Jacks back.  Neither Jack nor his Grandad had been injured upon landing and Jack instantly had his attention drawn to something else.  
‘Kangaroos, look at them!’ Jack pointed ahead, where wild kangaroos roamed the land.  Some were grazing on the grass, others were stood as tall as Jack, watching, presumably baffled by these strange people who had just dropped from the sky. 
‘There’s loads of them.’ Grandad said.
‘What are we going to do now Grandad?  How do you know where to go?’
‘I have brought the old book from the chest with me.  There are a few drawings in it which look like maps.  You see this one.’  Grandad held the book open in his hands and pointed to a faded sketch.  ‘I think this may be where we are.  Whilst we were in the air I was looking around at the landscape trying to match anything with the map.  I think we are here.’  He placed his finger at a point in the lower left corner of the map.  ‘You see this area on the map, with all of the trees.  I think I saw a forest somewhere to the north east of us.  We need to head there.’
‘But then where is the star?’ Jack was confused.
‘If you look on this map, there is a drawing of what appears to be a cave and a pool of water.  I don’t know why but I feel like that is where we will find the star.  Just as I had been drawn to find the star we already have.  Perhaps this new piece of star is pulling us towards it.’ Grandad said with a smile.  ‘The only thing is.  Australia is very big and I do not know how accurate this map is or how far we have to travel.  From the air everything seemed nearby but now we are on the ground it may not be so.’
‘Grandad, if nobody knew where the pieces of the star were, then who drew the maps?’
‘That is a good point.  But to be honest Jack I don’t know.’  Grandad knew Jack preferred it if he was honest with him.
‘What will we do?’ Jack asked.
‘Start walking, that way.  The star has saved my life in the past and I am sure it will not let us down now.’
Walking towards the kangaroos, some lifted their heads staring anxiously as Jack and Grandad moved closer.
‘Will they hurt us?’ Jack said looking at his Grandad.
‘No, they’re more scared of us than we are of them.  You like animals Jack.  Kangaroos are friendly, like dogs.’  Grandad walked towards one but as he got closer the kangaroo jumped to its feet, startling Grandad with how tall it was.
‘Oh, well hello there.’ Grandad said, now standing still.
Pressing his large heavy tail into the ground the kangaroo lifted his feet in the air before propelling himself slowly forward.  Moving past Grandad he hopped over to Jack and bowed his head.
‘I think he likes you.’ Grandad said laughing.
As Jack stood stroking the thick brown fur on the kangaroo, the sun was growing hotter.  All that lay ahead was a vast expanse of desert.  The ground was formed of a deep red coloured dirt and scattered with stones and rocks.  Surrounded by flat open land, Jack and Grandad had no immediate escape from the afternoon sun.  If they stayed out in the open any longer they would bake.  
‘This must be what it would be like to walk on Mars.  Unbearably hot and red dirt as far as the eye can see.’ Grandad said wiping the sweat from his head.  ‘Jack, take your sweater off and wrap it around your head.  I know it will make you hot, but it will stop the sun from burning you.  If we don’t get some shade soon we will be cooked alive.’
Jack stopped stroking the kangaroo and did as his Grandad said.  Then both of them began to walk in the heat with their sweaters wrapped around their heads.
‘I feel sick.’ Jack had stopped walking.  It had been over an hour since they had begun their trek.  Still they had found no cover from the elements.
‘Let’s sit down for a while.’  Grandad slumped to the floor.  ‘I – I – I can’t breathe in this heat.’ He said pulling the sweater off of his head.  Jack sat on the floor next to him and removed his sweater.  
‘It’s so hot.  My lips are so dry.’ Jack said resting his head on his hands.
‘Jack - I’m sorry.  I can’t go on.  Go without me.  My old back and tired feet can’t cope with this anymore.’ Grandad said with sadness in his eyes. 
‘No Grandad.  I’m not leaving you.  I need to rest as well.’  Jack proclaimed.
‘Jack, if you stay here you will dehydrate.  You need to find water and cover.’
‘No I’m not leaving you.  You know I won’t, so you are just going to have to get up and come with me.’  Jack could be very stubborn if he wanted.  Especially if he thought he was right.  
Grandad knew Jack wouldn’t leave him.  Just as he would never leave Jack.  ‘Ok Jack.  I’ll come with you.  Give me a hand to get up.’  Grandad put his hand out and let Jack help pull him from the ground.
‘But I’m not putting my sweater on my head again.  In fact I’m leaving it here, it’s too hot to carry.’ Jack said leaving his sweater on the red ground.
‘I agree, it is too hot for that.  Come on, let’s get out of here.’  Grandad left his sweater behind as well.
They continued slowly on their arduous journey across the Australian outback.  It was now around 7pm and the sun was only just beginning to lower.  Giving them slight relief from the heat.  Finally they saw something.
At first Grandad thought it must have been his imagination playing tricks on him, but then Jack exclaimed ‘A building!  Grandad there’s a building!  We made it!’
Running forwards Jack had a sudden burst of energy.  He didn’t worry about the strangeness of a building being located in a remote location with such harsh conditions.  Instead he felt safe again.  
Grandad struggled to keep up with Jack.  Too exhausted to run he began walking slower, relieved that soon he would be resting.
The building was made out of white timber and had a roof made out of rusted old tin sheets.  A large sign hung above the door which displayed the words ‘OUTBACK INN’.  It looked like a saloon from an old cowboy film.  Outside the inn camels were tied to a wooden post and were drinking from a trough.  Jack stared at the large camels as he ran towards them.  He had never seen a camel in real life before and they were much larger than he had imagined.  Jack thought it strange that there should be camels in Australia, especially with saddles on and tied up outside an inn in the middle of nowhere. 
As Jack ran inside the inn, the place was bustling.  Directly in front sat a huge bar, spreading the length of the building.  Round tables were surrounded by large men, laughing and spilling beer from their glasses.  A large staircase sat to the left of the bar, disappearing into the darkness upstairs.  When Jack entered, nobody paid him any attention.  This again seemed strange.  Surely it wasn’t every day that they had an eleven year old boy wander in, covered in dirt and badly sunburnt.
It wasn’t until Grandad walked in that the laughter stopped.  Complete silence swept across the room, even a dog sat in the corner appeared to freeze.  Everyone was fixated on Jacks Grandad but nobody spoke, until Jack walked over to the bar and said to the giant barman ‘Excuse me, but we have been walking for hours.  Can we please get a drink of water?’
As Jack quietly uttered his words, the noise in the bar suddenly resumed.  The large men at the tables began laughing again and even the dog in the corner began to walk around.  The barman did not speak but walked away.
Grandad, looking dishevelled walked over to Jack and placed his hand on his shoulder.  Jack looking up at him said ‘Who are all these people?  Why did they ignore me?’
‘I’m not sure Jack.  Not to worry, we’ll be ok.  Let’s go back outside.’  Grandad didn’t like to say to Jack but he had a bad feeling about these people.
‘But Grandad I don’t want to go back outside.  We have been walking for so long.  We both need a rest and some water.  I’m sure if we ask nicely these people will help.’  As Jack spoke, the barman slammed two large glasses filled with murky brown water onto the bar before walking away.
‘Jack don’t drink that.  It could make you ill.’ Grandad said as he stopped Jack from picking the glass up.
‘Grandad we have to drink.  My head is killing me and we’ll be ill if we don’t drink anything.  I’m drinking it.’  Jack lifted the large glass from the bar by the handle.  Gulping down the vile water he drank it all.  Wiping his arm across his mouth Jack began to feel his stomach churning. Jacks face went from red to yellow as his stomach let out a large growl, forcing him to run back out of the bar where he proceeded to vomit on the sand.
Leaning over coughing his heart up, Jack was oblivious to the commotion going on back inside the inn.  As he wiped his eyes, and stopped spitting the remnants of his stomach out, shouting and banging came from inside the building.  Whilst Jack regained his composure a large smash beckoned from behind.  Quickly turning his head, he saw the barman come flying through the window.  Shards of glass scattering the floor around him.
‘JACK RUN!’ Grandad burst out through the saloon style swinging doors, with all of the men in the bar shouting and chasing him.
In a state of shock Jack froze for a second, trying to comprehend what was happening.
‘Jump on that camel Jack!’  Grandad shouted as he ran towards Jack, the men hot on his tail.
Jack ran at one of the large camels, tall and long with two great humps on his back.  Leaping into the air he landed on the saddle, resting on top of the first hump.  Grandad followed, pulling loose the rope tying the camel to the wooden post.
‘Yah, Yah!’  Grandad cried as he clapped his feet on the camel.  Immediately the camel rose from the ground, lifting them high into the air.  Just as the men were about to grab Grandad the camel kicked his leg backwards.  Hitting one of the men square in the stomach, he flew backwards into the angry mob, knocking them over like dominos.
The large camel sprinted into the wilderness.  Jack was amazed at how quickly the camel could run.
‘Jack, grab the reins.  They’re in front of you.  You need to control the camel.’  Grandad shouted as he sat high on the back hump of the camel with Jack below on the front hump.
As Jack bounced around on the camel, he nervously lent forward, reaching down for the reins.  The camel was still full of energy and running at full speed, quicker than a horse.  Jack nearly had hold of the reins when he slipped and fell forwards.
‘ARGH!  Grandad, help!’  Jack was hanging precariously from the neck of the camel as he galloped along.
Managing to grasp the saddle with one hand, he began trying to swing his right leg up.
‘Go on Jack, you can do it.’ Grandad said as he tried desperately to reach down to Jack.  Unable to reach from high up on the camel, Grandad felt helpless as Jack struggled to pull himself up.
As dust flew up around him, Jack had his face pressed firmly against the side of the camel.  Managing to swing his foot up onto the bottom of the saddle, all he had to do was garner the strength to winch his body up.
A loud rumble began erupting in the distance, shaking the ground around them.  The noise was getting louder.
‘Quick Jack’ Grandad shouted.  The camel was still out of control, running manically across the outback. 
Panicking, Jack used all of his strength to pull himself back up onto the saddle.  Ensuring he grabbed a hold of the reins as he did.  ‘What is it?  Is it an earthquake?’ Jack shouted, now in control of the camel.
‘I don’t know Jack, but it doesn’t sound good.’  Grandad said.  ‘Let’s head for the woods over there.  Ahead of them lay what appeared to be a forest full of trees.  Dark and haunting, the trees did not have many leaves on.  Welcoming they were not.  With scorched trunks and burnt branches, Jack could have been forgiven for his reluctance to head amongst them.
Suddenly the wind picked up, almost blowing Jack off of his high perch on the camel.  As if out of nowhere it had descended upon them.  The noise was now deafening, vibrating through their ear drums.  As the sun began to set over the horizon, the machine moved in closer.  The giant blades only inches above their heads, Jack and Grandad ducked as they ushered the camel to run faster.
For the helicopter was upon them.  Why? Jack did not know, but he was sure it had something to do with the bar fight earlier.  Keeping his head low he spurred the camel on.
  The helicopter edged towards Grandad as he shouted at the top of his lungs, ‘Get away.  You’re not getting it.’  Grandad tried to fight off the man leaning down from the side of the helicopter.  ‘NO.  You can’t have it!’  He cried.
Jack looked back to see his Grandad struggling against the man above.  With the might of the helicopter, the man had an advantage over Grandad.
To make matters worse, the men from the inn had arrived.  Chasing closely behind on their camels, Jack could hear them shouting with anger.  Why were these people after them?
Desperately trying to spur the camel on, Jack’s only hope was to outrun them and head for the forest.  But with the helicopter above them their chances of escape were not great.  With the thunder of the camels charging towards them and the huge gusts of wind created by the might of the helicopter, dust filled the air.  As the ground shook underneath them, large dust clouds began to engulf them.  It was as if they were in the middle of a large sandstorm.  Grandad continued to battle the man hanging from the helicopter above, whilst Jack struggled to see through the dust.
Jack realised the sand storm may actually be an advantage.  For if he was struggling to see where he was going, then so would the pilot of the helicopter and the men chasing behind on their camels.  Jack decided that it would be easier to evade them amongst the dust, so he came up with an idea.  
‘Grandad.’  Jack shouted back to him.  ‘Drop to the side of the camel like I was earlier.  That way you will be hidden behind the large hump and they won’t be able to reach you.  In this dust they will have thought we have fallen off of the camel.’  
‘But I won’t be able to hold on.  I’m not strong enough.’ Grandad managed to say as he battled the beast from above.
‘Keep your foot in the saddle and hang on to his hump.  I’ll do the same, they’ll never get us.’  Confident he wouldn’t fall after his earlier mishap, Jack had begun to slide back down to the side of the camel.  
Grandad knew he had no other option but to follow Jacks advice.  And seeing Jack so confident about his plan inspired him to try.  Dropping to the side of the camel, the man in the helicopter lost his grasp of Grandad.  From above and to the left, the camel appeared to be wild without any rider.  Amongst the sand and the dust it was impossible to see Jack and his Grandad.  The helicopter, unable to move any closer to the camel for fear of crashing, had to admit defeat.  As they neared the burnt forest, the helicopter ascended and flew above the trees into the night sky.  The men on the camels behind had also believed Jack and his Grandad to have fallen from their camel and slowed down to search amongst the sand storm.  Like a couple of pro cowboys performing stunts on a horse, they had managed to evade the grasp of the enemy.  But who was the enemy?

Chapter 7
 The Order of Five

The darkness was suffocating.  Strange noises could be heard amongst the woods but not seen.  The trees acted as a blanket, preventing the moonlight from penetrating through their thick black branches.  Such cover was but a wish for Jack and Grandad earlier in the afternoon sun.  Now it was a curse.  Yes, it had helped them escape the flying enemy, who was still unknown to Jack.  But now the woods, were frighteningly scary.  Each tree creaking eerily in the breeze.  The wind whispered in Jacks ears, making him turn around trying to see if they had been followed.  Jack didn’t like the dark, especially in a forest he envisaged to be haunted.
Walking through the darkness he stuck closely to Grandad.  Even the sound of the twigs snapping below his feet made him jump.  They had gotten off of their newly acquired camel and decided to walk alongside him instead.  After such a daring escape, the camel was surely as tired as they were.
‘Grandad, I don’t like it.  Where are we going?’  Jack said, wide eyed.  His pupils now a tiny dot in his big brown eyes.
‘We need to find a spot to rest for the night.  We’ll be ok.’  Grandad said as he struggled to guide them through the darkness.  Arms out stretched in front of him, he attempted to feel his way amongst the trees.
‘WHAT?!  I don’t want to stay in here tonight.  It’s creepy.’ Jack admitted his fear.
‘Don’t be silly.  You did great back there Jack.  You saved my life.  If you hadn’t been so brave and suggested doing what you did, then they would have gotten us.  Now surely a brave lad like you wouldn’t let the dark bother him would you?’  Grandad thought he had worked his magic on Jack.
‘I don’t care how brave I am.  This place would scare anyone!’ Jack said with gusto.
Laughing Grandad said ‘I have to say, I think I agree Jack.  I can’t see a thing.  Let’s stop here.  There’s no point in walking any longer, when we don’t know where we are walking to.’  With that Grandad and Jack sat down, prepared for the long night ahead.  The exhausted camel lay on the floor beside Jack, allowing Jack to rest his back and head on him.
‘Grandad, why were those people chasing us?’ Jack questioned his Grandad, who was perched up against a tree opposite him.
‘They weren’t after you Jack.  In fact it’s not even me they want…’
‘But what happened in the inn?  Why did they all stop talking when you walked in?’
‘Oh, you noticed that did you?’  Grandad had not thought that Jack had realised.
‘Yes.’ Jack replied, he always was more observant than people gave him credit for.
‘Well, as I told you before Jack.  Some people are good and others are bad.  Not just bad, evil.  For thousands of years people have battled against the dark forces, trying to corrupt our world for their own power.  When Regulus roamed the earth searching for the fragments of the star, some people decided to help him on his quest.  People who had worshipped him before the battle against Minos, good caring people.  When Zeus returned Regulus to the heavens, these people decided to continue his journey for him and swore to protect the sanctity of the star.  That is why we must find the aboriginal tribe, they will have been guarding the star for thousands of years.’  Grandad explained.
‘Who are the bad people?’ Jack asked as he scanned the area, nervous in the dark.
‘When Minos fled into the depths of the underworld, he did so to regain strength.  Slowly he began to recover.  The damage he had already caused to the earth fuelled him and aided in his recovery.  Certain areas became polluted with evil, and Minos was able to corrupt anyone who lived in these areas.  Convincing the young that he had been mistreated by Zeus and his mother.  That they had loved their friend Regulus more than they loved him.’
‘But why would the people believe him?’ Jack said.
‘The people were weak and tired.  The land was savaged, with no water the crops would not grow.  Without anything to eat or drink they prayed to Zeus for rain, but none came.  Slowly they began to lose faith in Zeus.  Minos exploited this and rising from the dark of the underworld he offered them help.  He told the people that he loved them and always had.  Minos said it was Regulus who was evil and had turned Zeus against him.’  Grandad said, Jack barely able to see him.
‘Why did Zeus not give them rain?’ 
‘Zeus was exhausted from the battle that had taken place.  For even though he did not physically have to fight Minos, he had to use all of his power to ensure the world was not destroyed.  Then once the dust had settled, he was intent on helping his good friend Regulus.  This was ultimately the biggest failing of Zeus.  He forgot the people.’  Grandad said glumly.
‘But he wouldn’t! Would he?’ Jack demanded to know.
‘I’m afraid he did Jack.  Over time he remembered but by then it was too late.  Minos had managed to trick people from all over the world.  Throughout history, all of the greatest atrocities have been due to Minos control.  Horrific massacres, great wars where thousands died and evil dictators ruled.  They have all been as a direct result of Minos power.’  Grandad wiped away a few tears but Jack couldn’t see.
‘How can he still corrupt people Grandad?’
‘He plays on the fears of people.  Working on their insecurities, he finds a weakness before exploiting it.  He is very clever and has many followers.’
‘So those people were his followers?’ Jack asked.
‘Yes they were.’
‘How did they know who you are or what we are doing?’
‘They can sense the star.  They know I have it on me and they want it.  However they do not know I have the book.  If they did I am sure they could decipher it far quicker than I can.  Ultimately leading them to the remaining pieces.  That is why I am going to give the book to you.  It is not wise for me to keep hold of it when they are after me.  If they catch me Jack, you need to follow the map in the book to reach the star.  Do not worry about me, I’ll be ok.  The fate of the world rests upon he who reforms the star.  You need to find it before they do, even if it means leaving me.’  Grandad was speaking more serious than he normally did.  Jack didn’t reply.
‘I mean it Jack.  Promise me, you will try and find the star.’
‘I don’t want to.’ Jack said, with a lump in his throat.
‘Jack, promise me.’  Grandad did not give in as he walked over to Jack and placed the book on his lap.
‘Ok.’ Jack had tears running down his face.  He knew he couldn’t really leave his Grandad.
Physically and mentally drained Jack fought to keep his eyes open.  Scared of what creatures may be lurking in the darkness around him he was determined to stay awake.  But tired and upset he could fight it no longer.  His heavy eye lids closed as he fell asleep against the warm camel.
*	*	*
Jack and Grandad were fast asleep when the fire took hold.  It happened suddenly.  First one tree caught alight and the fire spread from the trunk to the tips of its highest branches within seconds.  Then leaping through the air the flames jumped from this tree to the branches of another and another.  This continued to happen from one tree to another, until Jack and his Grandad were seemingly surrounded by a 100ft wall of fire burning so hot the sand glowed as bright as the sun.  All of the birds in the trees had flown away as soon as the fire began to take hold, even carrying small snakes and lizards with them to safety.  Some of the smaller insects were not so lucky.  The ants were not quick enough with their short legs to escape the heat of the fire as it had taken hold so quickly.
Grandad still asleep and dreaming, suddenly heard the sound of crackling in his dreams.  He then began to feel hot as though he was baking in the heat of the afternoon sun.  He could hear the camel stamping its feet into the ground and screaming.  This is when he began to rouse from his dream, the heat began to feel so real, that he could not understand why he was physically sweating when earlier the night temperature had dropped so much so that even the camel would shiver.  As he opened his eyes, he quickly shut them again as the light was so bright.  Opening them for a second time he quickly realised the heat was real and that he and Jack were in caught in the middle of a raging bush fire.  Up above him the night sky had been turned red and there were burning embers shooting from the trees in every direction spitting and crackling as they burst from the branches.
‘JACK, GET UP!’ Grandad was now on his feet.  He ran over to Jack and placed his hand on Jacks chest trying to shake him awake.  Jack shook his head, ‘No, I’m sleeping’ he said without opening his eyes.  
‘NOW JACK, GET UP!!!’ Grandad raised his voice even louder, ‘THERE’S A FIRE, WE MUST GO!’
Jumping from his slumber Jack sat forthright.
‘Quick Jack, we need to get out’
Jack jumped to his feet.  He could see the camel in a frantic state beside Grandad.
‘What happened?’ Looking around, Jack could see they were surrounded by a 100ft tall ring of fire.
‘I don’t know, but we have to be quick.  It seems there may be an opening over there’ Grandad pointed to an area behind him where there were not as many trees and the fire had not yet managed to spread across.
‘Quick, on the camel’ Grandad said.
Jack ran to the side of the camel and threw himself over the large hump on his back whilst Grandad used his hand to help push him up.
Jack clung to the reins as Grandad jumped on the camel.  Taking control Jack directed the camel towards their escape route.  The camel, leaping forward like a cat chasing a mouse headed to the area not yet succumbed by fire.  As they neared closer, a huge tree to the left began creaking so loud they felt all of the trees were screaming out to them.  Then suddenly just a short distance in front of them the tree began to fall.
‘We’ll never make it’ Jack shouted out.
The camel kept running.  The tree crashed down in front of them, blocking their only exit and sending fire and debris shooting towards them.
‘STOP! WE’RE GOING TO GET HIT.’ Grandad cried.
Weaving in and out of the obstacles flying through the air at them Jack commandeered the camel.  A big molten ball of fire shot towards them and Jack swerved to the right with perfect timing, then a branch glowing red blasted through the air like a rocket and Jack dodged back to the left.  Jack could feel the wind from the objects whizzing past his hair.
‘But Jack, there’s no way out!’  Grandad shouted.
They were still heading for the fallen tree.  Jack still did not flinch, he had a look of pure determination on his face.
‘Hold on tight.’ Just a few metres in front of the tree, the camel rose from the ground like an airplane taking off.  Within seconds they were flying through the air.  Looking down Jack could see the huge tree trunk below them still burning ferociously, before landing on the other side.
‘We made it!’ Jack raised one hand in the air with delight.  But still the camel did not stop running.  Sprinting forward they were acutely aware of how quickly the fire could turn on them and they knew they had to escape the woodland.  Ducking and diving, dodging and weaving they avoided the trees as they ran through the forest, now enclosed in darkness again with the sound of the raging fire still behind them.
‘BANG!’ A loud shot echoed through the forest.  Suddenly a giant net shot towards them.  It was too quick to avoid.  The impact of the net suddenly being blasted around them caused the camels whole body to roll forwards sliding across the ground whilst Jack and Grandad were thrown around behind him inside the net which now encased them.
Fumbling around in the net, Jack and Grandad were in shock at what had just happened.  The camel, bruised and crying in pain, lay tangled in the thick white netting.  The sound of the bush fire behind them crackled through the night, providing a red glow, flittering across the trees.
‘Argh, my back.’ Screamed Grandad, obviously in severe pain.
Jack began to pull the netting away from his body, before noticing the men walking towards them.  ‘Quick Grandad, we have to get out of here.  They’re coming!’
‘It’s too late Jack.  My back took a bad knock.  I think the camel fell on me.’  Grandad lowered his voice ‘Try to escape Jack.’ Before he quickly stopped talking.
Five men appeared from the darkness, surrounding them.  Each wore a dark black army uniform.  Combat trousers and bomber jacket, with big hard boots.  Adorning the chest of the jacket, a red emblem in the shape of a bulls head covered the heart area.  Even though it was the middle of the night, they had large black sunglasses covering much of their faces.  A small black beret sat on their heads.  They were menacing.
Suddenly a bright light blinded Jack and his Grandad.  A few metres behind the men a truck had switched on its bright white headlights.  Through the light Jack could see another eerie figure walking towards them.  Also wearing a black uniform his face was clearer.  He did not have a beret on his head, nor the sunglasses covering his face.  He still looked menacing but slightly less so.  A thin pointy black moustache sat below his nose, resting above his mouth.  A similarly styled beard was fashioned from his chin.
‘Now if you would be so kind as to give me my possession back.  I will kindly let you be on your way.’  The man spoke with a strange accent.
Shock spread through Grandads body.  He had not been looking when the man first arrived.  It was when he heard the man’s accent that his face went pale, as though he had seen a ghost.  Lifting his head, he knew for sure.  His heart pounded, beating faster and faster.
‘I see you recognise me sir.’ The man said.
‘Yes, but I don’t understand how?’  Grandad replied.
Jack whispered to Grandad ‘who is it?’
Grandad did not answer.
‘Well sir.  Are you not going to tell your grandchild?’  The man had remarkable hearing.
Grandad looked at Jack, he was not so tangled anymore.  ‘He is the man who shot me Jack.’
‘But you said he died.  He burst into flames?’ Jack was confused.
‘I thought he did.  But remember Jack, I was unconscious from the bullet hitting my chest.’  Grandad struggled to make sense of it all.
Laughing the strange man spoke ‘What a quandary.  Did I burst into flames or did I not?!  Well, let us explain.  Men remove your glasses and walk a bit closer so he can see you.’  The man beckoned his men forwards.
Jack and Grandad watched in anticipation as the five men removed their dark glasses.
‘You look familiar.’  Grandad said, unable to see their faces clearly still against the bright headlights.
‘Surely you recognise your old team.  Do you not?’ The man with the moustache said.
The five men still did not speak.
‘It can’t be!’  Grandad wiped his eyes, shaking his head.  ‘No, it just can’t.’
The men did not reply.
‘But – I – I don’t understand.  Wh - wh - why are you chasing me with him?’  Grandad struggled for words.
‘Who are they Grandad?’  Jack asked.
‘You asked if I burst into flames.  Well the answer is yes.’  The man walked closer, enabling Jack and Grandad to see his badly scarred face.
‘Lads, what happened?  Is he holding you hostage? Has he brainwashed you?  It’s ok, we’ll find a way to escape from him.’  Grandad pleaded to the men surrounding him.  Refusing to believe they worked with the enemy.
Continuing to laugh the man proceeded to talk. ‘I am afraid dear sir, that they were never completely honest with you.  Let me tell you about that fateful day, when you found the fragment of the star.
When you received the mission to recover the stolen treasure, I am sure you did not question your orders.  Am I correct?’  Grandad did not answer.  ‘Obviously being the good soldier you were, you would not have questioned your superior.  You follow orders, on a need to know basis.  Quite happily you began your mission.  Not once did you have a second thought or an ounce of regret.  Do you really think you were that good?  That it was so easy to sneak into my mansion undetected? Ha, don’t make me laugh.  I let you in.  My guards were told to ignore you.  That is until that one incompetent fool fired his gun at you.  I must apologise for that, it wasn’t part of the plan.’
Jack and Grandad remained silent, listening to the tale unfold.  The five men still did not speak.  Whilst the camel continued to struggle in the net.
‘You were not supposed to take the star!  That was not on the list of artefacts to be recovered.’  The man sounded angry.
‘Why did you want us to recover the items already in your possession?  I don’t understand why you would let us do that.’  Grandad asked.
‘I needed a way of knowing for sure if you had it.’
‘Had what?’ Jack blurted out, before thinking.
‘The Book of Legends.’  As the strange man spoke, the forest cried out in pain.  With a sudden gust of wind, burning embers spread the flames through trees.  The air was on fire and the ground began to submerge in a thick black smog.
‘What is that?’ Jack asked.
‘I am surprised your Grandad has not told you.’
Jack was also surprised, he thought his Grandad told him everything.
‘I don’t know Jack.  I have never heard of that book before.’  Grandad said, seeing the disappointment in Jacks eyes.
‘The Book of Legends is an ancient manuscript, created before time itself.  Within are the secrets to the universe and to life itself.  Any man who holds it, carries the knowledge of the gods.  And if correctly deciphered they can unlock the power of the star.  Without the book, the star is useless.  Even when all of the pieces are back together, the book is needed for true greatness.’   The man was now surrounded by smoke, with only the headlights behind projecting his image in the dark.  He was creepier than ever.
‘Jack, I didn’t know.’  Grandads heart sank as he knew Jack didn’t know whether to believe him or not.
‘Are you Minos?’ Jack bravely asked the man amongst the smog.
‘So he has told you some things!  Very good.  No I am not Minos.  My name is Kazael.’
‘So you were working for him the whole time.  I trusted you.’  Grandad looked at the five men.  His face was angry but it masked the sadness he felt inside.  The men did not reply.
‘No they were not working for me when they undertook that mission with you.’  Kazael said.
‘But they are helping you!’ Jack proclaimed.
‘Yes they are.  But on that fateful night, my only concern was the book of legends.  I did not use my own men to carry out the mission with your Grandad, as I did not want him to suspect anything.  Everything was working well until he found the star.  I had no idea that you would be drawn to such a worthless looking stone kept in an inconspicuous wooden box.  Especially as it was kept under a mound of treasure.  Any normal, greedy man would have been focused on trying to line their pockets with gold but no, not you!’  Kazael stared menacingly at Grandad.
‘I did not realise the book would connect so strongly with the person who held it or with the star.’  Kazael explained.
‘But how did you know I had the star?’ Grandad questioned.
‘I didn’t know.  When you emerged from the fireplace and I demanded you hand over my belongings, I was speaking primarily of the book of legends.  I had no reason to question if you had the star.  It was inconceivable to me that you would have found it or even wanted it.’
‘But the book isn’t yours.’  Jack still could not refrain from speaking his mind.
‘ONE MORE WORD FROM YOU AND I GUARANTEE, IT SHALL BE YOUR LAST!’  Kazael thundered, obviously angered by Jacks comment. ‘Enough idle chit chat.  Now it is time for you to hand over what is rightfully mine.’  He was clearly still incensed by what Jack had said.
‘Wait, just one more thing….Please.’ Grandad said.  ‘If they were not working for you back then, then what happened?  Why are they with you now?’
‘Obviously it is something that is bothering you.  So being good natured as I am, I shall answer it for you.’  Kazael suddenly mellowed and even sounded friendly, a far cry from moments before.  ‘After you were shot, you collapsed to the floor.  As you lay lifeless with your eyes wide open, I searched your body for the book.  Upon finding it, I recited one of the pages.  A chant, to evoke the spirits of the star and to grant the holder great power.  Without knowing the star was below me, sitting in your chest pocket, I was unaware of the danger I faced.  For I believed the star was still safe, buried deep amongst my treasure.  When I began the chant, a great burst of light exploded from the star.  Only it wasn’t just light.  It was like a solar flare from the sun, or the flame behind a meteor.  Those who the light hit were instantly incinerated.  Including your team and my guards.  For reasons I cannot fathom it did not affect you.  Me, well I survived, bearing the scars you see today.  Your friends were not so lucky.’
Without thinking Jack asked ‘What do you mean?’
Luckily Kazael did not seem angered by Jacks question.  ‘The book of legends has many secrets.  One of them being resurrection of the afterlife.  Your team all perished in the fire.  As my guards were now deceased as well, I needed new men.  For my guards had proven themselves incompetent and I did not deem them worthy of everlasting life.  You see, for their resurrection to be complete, they each had to want to live again.  For everlasting life they had to agree to worship Minos and dedicate their souls to him.  It’s not a bad offer really.  Eternal life in return for unconditional love.’  Kazael looked at his men and smiled.
‘NO! What have you done to them?’  Grandad screamed, tears running down his face.
‘It’s not too bad really.  Look at them.’  Kazael appeared more evil than ever before.
Grandad stared at the men.  They appeared just as he remembered them.
Kazael continued ‘They have no scars.  You are old and weak, they however will never age.  Each has the strength of ten men.  What is not to like?’
‘They look like zombies!’ Jack shouted.
Before Kazael had a chance to retort, Grandad remarked.  ‘He’s right.  They used to be so cheerful and full of energy.  Always game for a laugh.  There’s something missing from them.  If you take a man’s soul, you take away the essence of who he is.’  Looking at the men Grandad could see they were lifeless.  Empty shells of their former selves.  ‘They’re not my friends.  My friends died years ago.’
‘So who do you suppose these men are?’  Kazael spread his arms out to his sides, pointing at the men.
‘They’re just bodies.  They no longer belong to my friends.’  Grandad remarked.
‘Oh how wrong you are.  Their souls are not gone.  They simply belong to Minos now.’
‘Look at them.  They don’t even speak.  Just standing there, controlled by you.  Let them be free.’  Grandad said.
‘I don’t get it.  They spoke to Grandad when he woke up in the alley.’  Jack remembered Grandads version of events.
‘Yes they did.  How’s that?’  Grandad asked.
‘I can control them to do as I wish.  They are like puppets and I am the puppeteer.  They speak when I want them to speak and they say what I want them to say.’  Kazael delighted in his evil mastery of the soulless men.  ‘I call them the Order of Five.’
The fire was beginning to burn the trees surrounding them.  Struggling in the net, the camel suddenly stood up.  Desperate to escape the heat of the flames and the choking smoke he frantically began trying to run with the net still encasing them.  Dragging Jack and Grandad straight into the path of Kazael.
‘STOP THEM!’  Kazael exploded into a rage.
The five solemn men jumped onto the net, trying to subdue the camel.
‘Quick Jack! Now’s your chance.  Run!’  Grandad managed to say to Jack as they fought off the pale soulless Order of Five.
Jack didn’t want to leave his Grandad.  But he knew that if Kazael found the book of legends, they would surely die.  They might even be forced to join the Order of Five, their souls lost forever.
With the camel still struggling beside him, he whispered to his Grandad one last time ‘I’ll come back for you.  I promise.’  
The Order of Five did not notice amongst the commotion, that Jack had slipped out from under the netting.  Finally the camel managed to break free and in a panic galloped towards Kazael.  As Kazael leapt out of the way, the camel ran into the distance.  Leaving Grandad alone, surrounded by his old team mates.
Jack had disappeared into the thick black smog before Kazael realised he had gone.  Believing Grandad to still be the keeper of the book he made the decision not to try and find Jack.  With the forest burning as it was, he supposed Jack would not make it very far before succumbing to the smoke anyhow.  As smouldering timber began to fall around them, Grandad was bundled into the back of their truck before they sped off into the night.

Chapter 8
 Battle against a dinosaur

Cold, scared and alone, Jack continued to wander through the darkness.  The smell of smoke filled his lungs, forcing him to cough persistently.  With limited vision he stumbled over rocks and fallen branches, sustaining cuts and bruises to his knees and arms.  Worried the Order of Five were after him, he attempted to keep a fast pace but it was too difficult in the dark.
Eventually, tired and out of breath, Jack slowed to a brisk walk.  His thoughts drifted to his Grandad.  An overwhelming sense of guilt caused his stomach to wrench in pain.  
‘How could I have left him?!’  He cried out before coughing profusely.  Amongst the noise of the fire in the distance, the forest was teeming with life.  Earlier in the night, when Jack and his Grandad had first entered the forest, Jack would have been terrified by such noises.  Unable to see what had caused them in the dark, but knowing that something was there for sure.  Instead, Jack now ignored them.  He pulled the book of legends from his back pocket.  Jack shouted ‘This is all your fault!  I should have let them have you so Grandad could be free.’  Tears dropped onto the worn brown cover of the book, flowing steadily from Jacks sore red eyes.  As he wept, he knew he had done what his Grandad had wanted.  As hard as it was to come to terms with, Jack knew his Grandad would be proud of him.  
Whilst Jack sat with his eyes closed, a calm warm feeling began to sweep across his face.  Tears still clinging to his skin, the warmth spread across his entire body.  Squinting Jack opened his eyes, the sun had finally emerged above the dense black smog.  Beams of light breaking through the tree tops, radiated across the scorched landscape.  The great inferno had been injected with a new source of energy and began to pick up pace, roaring through the forest.
Sitting in the warmth, Jack knew he had to act quickly to escape from the fire.  But he had also come to another realisation.  One that would change the course of his life forever.  Jack ‘the dreamer’ as his mum used to call him, was going to rescue his Grandad, find the pieces of the star, defeat Kazael and save the world.  ‘Ok’ He thought to himself, ‘maybe I am still dreaming, thinking I can save the world.  Mum and Dad would say I am.  But Grandad believes in me and I’m going to prove to him that his faith in me was right.  I’ll make him proud.’  Opening the book of legends, Jack began to study the map.  He suspected Kazael and the Order of Five would have taken Grandad to find the star in the caves.  But he knew that once they discovered Grandad no longer had the book, they would have no need for him.  He had to save Grandad before they killed him.  
With no time to waste, and the fire raging close behind.  Jack wiped the tears from his face, leaving a large smudge of black soot across his cheek and set off on his adventure.  This time he was alone.
‘Who’s there?’ Jack spun around to find only the trees behind him.
Again he heard a shuffle in the bushes.  ‘Show yourself.’  He yelled.  
After twenty minutes of walking Jack had begun to feel like he was being followed.  Every few steps he took, a sudden rustling sound would emerge, camouflaged amongst the desolate forest.  Jack had grown anxious.  Had Kazael found out the truth from Grandad?  Had he discovered that Jack now had the book of legends and disposed of Grandad?  What if the Order of Five were about to ambush him?  With all of these thoughts running through his mind, Jack began to run, desperate to escape the forest.
‘Cough – Cough’ Jack came to a halt.  His lungs were still filled with black smoke.  Wheezing he fought to take a breath.
‘Drum Drum – Drum Drum – Drum Drum.’  
Jack could hear the sound of a drum beat.  But again he could not find where it was coming from.  Inhaling a large nervous breath, Jack heard it again.
‘Drum Drum – Drum Drum – Drum Drum.’  
He dare not move.  The sound was getting louder.
‘Drum Drum – Drum Drum – Drum Drum.’  
Spinning on the spot, Jack became dizzy as he searched for where the noise was emanating from.  Then he noticed them.  To the right, nestled amongst the roots of a tree were four very large eggs.  Walking over to them, he knelt down for a closer look.  White but covered with ash and dirt the eggs had not yet hatched.  Curious, Jack thought of what animal may be inside.  Were they snakes eggs?  No. Way too big he told himself.  Maybe an eagles? No. They would be up high in a nest, he reasoned.  Perhaps they had been but had fallen?  No.  They would have smashed, he concluded.  Jack noticed a few foot prints in the dirt.  Only they were awfully strange.  Like dinosaurs feet, the animal who created them had three large toes.  One in the middle and two angled out from the sides.  What if Jack had stumbled across the eggs of a dinosaur and these prints were from a real fully grown prehistoric monster.  Maybe even a T.Rex.  Had Jack just made the greatest discovery ever known to man?
With his heart beating rapidly, out of fear and excitement, Jack placed his hand gently on one of the eggs.
‘Drum Drum – Drum Drum – Drum Drum.’
Jack quickly pulled his hand from the egg as he heard the drumming sound again.  Is that the noise a dinosaur really makes?  He thought to himself.  How do the scientists know what noise they make when they have never seen a real live dinosaur?  Then he realised.  What if it is a T.Rex and It’s coming back to protect its babies?  Panicking, Jack moved away from the eggs, when suddenly the creature appeared.
It certainly wasn’t a T.Rex or any other kind of dinosaur for that matter.  With long skinny legs, and large three toed feet.  The animal had a body full of thick brown and grey feathers, with a long slim blue neck.  Its head was small but with a large sharp black beak.
Staring at the creature, Jack could hear the sound again.  It was emanating from the creatures throat.
Jack now knew it was not a dinosaur, but it was majestic nonetheless.  He remembered watching an animal documentary on television once that had been about this very creature.  They had called it the emu.  Jack also remembered a sequence describing how powerful and quick they were.
Out of curiosity the emu had been following Jack through the forest.  Perhaps trying to find food.  As Jack nervously watched the large bird, he slowly began taking steps backwards to distance himself from the eggs.
The emu continued to watch Jacks every step as it moved to guard the eggs.
It was only then, that Jack realised the fire was beckoning ever closer.  He knew that the emu would have no way of saving its eggs and he had to help.  Risking the wrath of the emu he moved in.  The large emu, towered over Jack as he lent down to pick up the eggs.  Clenching his teeth and closing his eyes he expected the emu to attack him as he gently cradled the eggs into his arms.
However as Jack opened his eyes again, he found the emu not attacking him but instead sitting down in front of him.  It was then that Jack realised what the emu had wanted.  It had been following Jack through the woods, trying to guide him to its nest.  The emu needed help to rescue its babies and had sought out Jack for help.
As the emu sat on the floor waiting, Jack climbed onto its back.  Still clutching the four eggs, Jack was nestled amongst the soft feathers covering the emus body.  Within seconds Jack was being whisked through the forest on the back of the emu.  The long slim legs of the emu propelled them forwards, running at great speeds through the harsh landscape.  Jack pulled his legs in tight to the side of the emu, as this was his only way of holding on.  Cradling the eggs close to his chest, Jack took great care not to let any fall but also not to crush them.
The smell of burnt wood still hung in the air, reminding Jack of the night he sat around the bonfire with Grandad.  Memories of his Grandad began to flood his mind.  Like a film reel, images flicked through his mind one after the other.  His Grandads smile.  The time they built a garden wall together or when they made a coffee table from wood and tiles.  Jack could even hear his cheery voice in his head.  The way he used to say toodaloo instead of goodbye.  Jack always loved how chirpy his Grandad was and thought how young he seemed compared to other kids grandparents.   Not once did Jack begin to think he wouldn’t see his Grandad again.  He was determined to find him and rescue him and he would not give up until he had.
With his thoughts lost in his head, Jack had barely realised that they were no longer running amongst the trees.  Instead, miraculously, the emu had taken them to a small river bed.  As the emu inched them closer to the edge of the water, Jack leapt off of its back and placed the eggs on the floor. He had managed to keep all of them safe.
Desperate for water Jack fell to his knees and lay his body forwards.  With his chest pressed against the ground he submerged his head in the murky brown water.  Even though it looked very similar to the water he had drunk the day before at the inn, he could not resist.  Gulping it down ferociously, Jack was physically drained.  The water turned black with the soot and dirt from Jacks face.
‘SMASH!’
Water crashed into the air around Jack, soaking the rest of his body.  The emu, who had also been drinking from the water began to hiss loudly.  Jack threw his body back on to the dry land.  With his legs sprawled out in front of him, he was now sitting upright using his hands on the floor to lift his body away from the monster.  It had burst out of the water, its large sharp teeth were inches from Jacks head, as he narrowly avoided being eaten.  Thick battle worn leather skin covered its body.  With blood and scars adding to its mean appearance.  This time it really was like a dinosaur.
‘HEEEEEEEEEELP – SOMEBODY HELP ME!!!’  Jack shouted at the top of his lungs, thankfully now slightly clearer away from the smoke
The beast had risen out of the water, like a monster of the deep.  It moved quickly onto the land, with four short legs the monster could run as good as it could swim.  With adrenaline powering through his veins, Jack kept moving backwards, still without time to stand.  The belly of the beast was low to the ground, and its long body was enough to swallow Jack whole.  Even its head was bigger than Jack.  Like a dog chasing a cat, the creature persisted.  The predator had chosen its prey and Jack was it.  Jack was now staring down the jaws of death and had only one option.
Clouds of red dust puffed into the air, as Jack rolled his body to the side.  Within a split second he had avoided being bitten and had rolled around to the side of the creature.  Launching to his feet, he knew he only had one attempt to subdue the beast.  Knowing that it would not only eat him, but the emu eggs as well.  He couldn’t let that happen.
‘Aaarrrghh.’  Jack jumped onto the back of the crocodile.  The powerful animal began shaking and shuffling its body, attempting to throw Jack off.  Its huge heavy tail whipped back and forth, crashing against the ground so hard Jack could see the emu eggs bounce in the air.  Dust and gravel flew everywhere as Jack battled to tire the crocodile out.  
‘SNAP.’ The crocodile smashed its teeth together as it tried to attack Jack.
With his body aching from his previous dangerous encounters and with a lack of sleep, Jack struggled to maintain his grip on the animal.  He knew the crocodile would be strong but he did not realise exactly how powerful they were.  This one had surely won many battles in the past.
Eventually the crocodile came to a halt.  Apparently admitting defeat, it rested its large head on the ground.  Jack did not believe he had succeeded and was confused at why the animal had stopped moving.  After a few minutes of clinging to the motionless crocodile he sat up and with a smile said ‘I did it!  I actually did it!’
Edging himself down the long tail of the crocodile Jack, nervously moved away.  In the blink of an eye the crocodile had spun around and with its jaws wide open attacked Jack.
‘Aaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrgggggggggghhhhhhhhh!’ Jack cried as the crocodile bit down.  Expecting pain he clenched his fists and shut his eyes.  His whole body froze with fear whilst the crocodile clenched its jaws together.  Jack was trapped in the jaws of death.  After a few seconds he realised he felt no pain, perhaps he had gone into shock and the adrenaline had numbed his nerves.
‘Let him go!’
Jack heard a voice.  Opening his eyes he could see three men running towards him.  Attempting to call them he opened his mouth but no words came out.  He tried again but even the muscles in his throat were frozen.
‘Let that boy down!’  One of the men shouted as he jumped onto the crocodiles back.  Swiftly followed by the other two men.  Straddling the large beast the three men attempted to overpower it.  
‘I’ll cover its eyes.  Bill, you try and prise its mouth open.  John, you grab its tail and try to control it.’  The man sitting at the front said.  ‘Got it?’
‘Yeah Chris.  Go for it.’  Bill replied as he jumped off of the crocodile and headed for its mouth from the front.
 ‘Let’s do it.’ John replied, trying to hold down the force of the crocodiles tail.
Chris sat forwards and wrapped his arms across the eyes of the crocodile.  As he did this Bill began wrenching its jaws apart.  ‘As soon as I got them open a little bit kid, you need to roll out.  Ready?’  Bill said to Jack, who still did not reply.  
‘Now, kid, now!’  Bill had the jaws open ever so slightly.  Jack did as instructed and rolled clear from the monster that had nearly eaten him.
‘Bill.  You help John pull it by the tail back over to the water.’  Chris said as he kept the crocodile from watching what was happening.
Jack lay in the dirt, still in shock at nearly dying.  His eyes transfixed upon the three aboriginal heroes in front of him.  True bush warriors, they wrestled the large crocodile back to the water.  When they released it, the crocodile simply walked into the muddy water and slowly disappeared into the murkiness.  Instantly camouflaged again, awaiting its next victim.  Luckily, this time it wouldn’t be Jack.
‘Are you alright mate?’ John said to Jack as he held his hand out to help him up.
Jack still did not speak but grabbed hold of Johns hand and allowed him to pull him from the gravel.  The three brave men were all wearing similar clothing.  Each wore tired looking jeans, with rips in the legs.  Chris had on a faded green vest.  Bill and John also wore vests but theirs were navy blue and white respectively.  John was carrying a long wooden pole, which was slightly shorter than Jack.
‘You’re alright kid.’  Bill said as he dusted himself down.  ‘That was a close one mind.  He nearly had ya.  You’re lucky we were around, otherwise you would have been its dinner.’  Bill remarked.
‘Leave him alone Bill.  He’s had a bit of a shock.  How you feeling now mate?  Let’s have a look at ya.’  Chris was sympathetic to Jacks plight.  Looking at Jacks side, Chris could see three large tears in Jacks t-shirt, where the crocodiles teeth had torn it apart.  Jack had noticed them as well and it had made him quite queasy.  He then gently lifted his t-shirt up, nervous about what horrific injury he may have sustained.
‘See, you’re alright.  It didn’t get ya.’  Chris said cheerfully, reminding Jack of his Grandad.
‘Yeah it didn’t even leave a scratch.’  Bill laughed.
Miraculously Jack had narrowly avoided his flesh being gouged by the large teeth.  All he had to show for his ordeal was a badly ripped t-shirt.  The first thought that went through his head was that his mum would kill him for ruining his t-shirt, forgetting that he had run away from home and he was more likely to be in trouble for that.  Then he thought how cool it would be to show his mates that he had been attacked by a crocodile, not that any of them would believe him.
‘G’day mate.  I’m Chris.  This is John and this is Bill.  What’s your name?’ Chris introduced themselves.
‘I – I’m Jack.  I’m from England.’  Jack found the courage to speak.
‘Well hello Jack.’  Chris said.
‘England!  What are you doing all alone in the outback of Australia?  Where’s your parents?’  John was startled by Jacks response.
Jack was reluctant to tell them his real reason for being in Australia.  ‘I was on holiday with my family but I got lost.’
Chris gave Jack a strange look.  A look that told Jack, he did not believe what he was hearing.  ‘Correct me if I’m wrong young Jack.  But wasn’t that you we saw running through the woods on the back of an emu?’  Chris looked over at the emu beside the river, guarding its eggs from anymore predators.
Jack didn’t answer.
‘You see, we were trying to save the animals in the forest from the bush fire.  When suddenly we saw an emu sprint past.  Now this normally wouldn’t be very strange but it was being ridden by a boy.  Out of curiosity we followed its tracks, which led us here.’  Chris explained.
‘Lucky we tracked it, or you would be in the stomach of that crocodile right now!’  Bill remarked.
‘So you see, are you going to tell us the truth about what you are doing here?  Emus don’t generally let humans ride them you know.  They have to really trust a person.’  Chris asked Jack again to explain why he was there.
‘I didn’t mean to harm the emu sir.’  Jack said.  ‘I kept hearing noises in the woods.  Then I found the eggs and the emu appeared.  It wanted my help to save its eggs, so I held them whilst it run us to safety.’  
‘Don’t be silly now.  We’re not stupid.  As if an emu would know to ask you for help!’  Bill snidely remarked.
‘It did sir.  I don’t know how, but it did.’  Jack knew they wouldn’t believe him.
‘You see Jack.  To the aboriginal people, emus are very special creatures.  There is an old aboriginal legend that the sun was created by throwing an emu egg into the sky.  Also if you look at the night time sky you can see an emu amongst the stars.  It is a creature of great mystique.  We find it hard to fathom that this great creature would allow a young boy from England to ride it.  A man has to have a special connection with the animal to do such a thing.’  Chris explained.  His story reminding Jack of the stories Grandad would tell.
After hearing this story Jack felt a bond with the aboriginal men.  He realised these were the men Grandad had said would help them.  They were the tribe who had protected the star for thousands of years.  Feeling he could trust them, Jack told his story.  Just as Grandad had said he would, Jack now had his own adventures to tell.

Chapter 9 
The last meal

The sound of the oars sweeping through the water broke the tranquil silence.  The river had grown wider, with the water now as blue as the sky.  The morning heat was more intense than the hottest of days in an English summer.  Jack sat gazing out over the horizon as they traversed the long river.  Like great explorers such as Christopher Columbus, they sought hidden mysteries.  Where others would have ignored the stories as myths, they knew in their hearts that what they were searching for was real.  Chris, Bill and John had a connection to it.  Jack could tell.  For when he had shown them the book of legends, they wept.  For thousands of years their people had been protecting the star.  Their ancient ancestors had been amongst the earliest tribes to aid Regulus in his quest.  Over time, most tribe members merged with the new civilisations and their destiny was forgotten.  Whispered from elders to children, the legend was passed on.  But only as a myth, a tall tale that in the modern age could never be true.
Chris, Bill and John were brothers.  They had been told the legend by their Grandad also.  Against the mocking of disbelievers they dedicated their lives to finding and protecting the star.  Before their Grandad passed away he had told them of the book of legends.  There was even a rumour that their ancestors had added their own scripture into the book.
So when Jack had revealed his secret and told his story in all its glory, the three brothers instantly trusted him and offered to help him on his quest.  Reading the map in the book of legends, the brothers told Jack of their knowledge of the land.  They knew the way to the cave and they were going to escort Jack there.  Upstream, along the river, the three brothers had a small wooden row boat.  It was banked amongst the mud and grass.  They would use it to travel across the landscape, as it was quicker and easier than walking.
‘Jack.’  Chris spoke softly.  ‘You do know that we can’t come with you.’
Jack had been resting his head on his folded arms against the edge of the boat.  He lifted his head and turned to look at Chris.
‘I mean, when we get to the cave.  We can’t come in with you.  You see we are sworn to protect the star.  Bound by a centuries old oath that the three of us agreed to before our Grandad passed.  The oath states that we are to guard the location of the star and keep it secret.  No matter what, at any cost are we to allow someone to access the star.  Good or bad, it doesn’t matter.  The star contains too much power for a human to hold.  The fear of our people is that if a person takes possession of the star, Minos will corrupt that person for evil.  
This is why we cannot venture into the cave with you Jack.  We do not want to risk losing our souls to Minos.  The star is too powerful and even we do not know if we could resist it.’  Chris explained their beliefs.
‘But why are you letting me go in?’  Jack asked.
‘I fear that if we do not, this man you speak of, Kazael.  Will soon harness the power of the star and life for everyone on earth will change drastically.  It appears that you Jack, are the only hope mankind has.  It is a heavy burden to carry but you must succeed.’  Chris did not say anymore, he knew it was a lot of pressure to place on Jack.  But he also knew, he had no other option.
Jack turned to the side of the boat.  Looking down in the water, he could see his reflection.  Not only did he feel older, he was sure he looked it.  Just a week before, his only worry had been how he would tell his mum that he was failing maths at school.  Now he had the weight of the world on his small shoulders.
As John pulled the large oars through the water, Bill sat with his eyes shut.  His head rolling backwards and forwards with every stroke of the boat.  Chris and Jack sat silent.  Now was a time for thoughts.  Jack was thinking of his family.  His mum and dad laughing with joy as they watched little Ruby sing and dance.  His grandmother baking a nice big chocolate cake, Jack could almost taste it as his mouth watered.  But then his thoughts turned to his Grandad.  Was he still alive?  Had they tortured him?  What would happen to his mum and dad if Kazael found the star?  What about Ruby?  With these thoughts, Jack knew he had to be brave and attempt the biggest adventure of his life.
‘We’re going to have to stop here and walk the rest of the way.’ John said as he steered the boat to the shore.  Jack opened his eyes, he must have dozed off for a minute.
‘Did you sleep well Jack?’  Chris asked.
‘I didn’t mean to fall asleep.  Did I sleep for long?’  Jack lent over the boat and splashed water onto his face.
‘For about an hour.  But that’s alright.  You needed the rest.’  Chris said with a smile.
As they reached land, John and bill hopped over the side of the boat.  They began to pull the boat up onto the river bank.
‘Come on Jack.’ Chris said as he also jumped out of the boat.
Jack followed.  His feet sinking in the thick brown mud.  As he pulled his legs up attempting to take a step, his right trainer came off.  As the water washed in, it filled the inside with muddy water.
‘Oh!  My trainer!’  Jack said as he balanced on one leg, his white sock now muddy and wet.
‘Look at the kid.’  Bill pointed at Jack laughing as he stood swaying in the wind like a flamingo standing on one leg, although with less grace.
‘My trainer, it’s gone!’  Jack said as his trainer was swallowed by the mud.
Watching Jack and laughing, John remarked ‘Leave it mate.  What do you need trainers for anyway?’  Jack looked at the three brothers.  He had neglected to notice that none of them wore anything to protect their feet.  Instead they travelled the land barefoot.
Jack contemplated walking barefoot before deciding he really wanted his trainer.  The ground was far too hot and hard to be walking around without any shoes on.  Plus there were snakes and scorpions, he didn’t want to get bitten.  So leaning down into the mud he buried his hand down.  Trying to find his lost trainer.
‘What’s he doing now?  Leave it, it’s gone.’  Bill said.
All Jack could feel was the thick sludgy mud slipping through his fingers.  Still balancing on one leg he attempted to pull his arm back out.  It was now buried up to his elbow.  Tugging with all his strength he finally pulled it out. ‘Argh’ the momentum threw him off balance and he fell face first into the mud.
Bill began laughing uncontrollably.
‘That’s hilarious!’  John proclaimed, as he also joined in the laughter.
With tears filling his eyes, and his face bright red, Chris fell to the floor in hysterics.
Pulling his face from the mud, Jack looked at the others laughing at him.  Within moments his face had turned from that of shock to one of laughter.  He realised what a fool he must look and it was nice to have some fun.  After all it was only a bit of mud.
‘Come on mate.  I’ll help ya.’  Bill said as he lifted Jack out of the mud.
‘Thanks.’  Jack said.  ‘I suppose I might as well take my other trainer off.  And my socks are damp so I’ll take them off too.’  
‘I reckon you should quickly rinse off in the water as well Jack.’  Chris said, having finally stopped laughing.  ‘Sorry mate.  But that was really funny.’
‘That’s alright.  I would have been laughing if I had seen it happen to you.’  Jack said as he took his trainer and socks off.
‘Just walk in the water in your clothes Jack.  You’ll dry off in no time out here.’  Chris said.
So walking into the water Jack washed away all of the mud and dirt he had acquired over the past couple of days.  He knew it could be the last wash he would have in a while.
It had only taken a little while for Jack to completely dry off.  The only problem was with his feet.  The skin on his soles wasn’t as hardened as the three brothers.  With the sun burning down onto the red ground he felt like he was walking on coals.  Especially with the rocks and stones stabbing him constantly with every step.  Even though he was in excruciating pain, he had no other choice but to carry on.  They were running out of time.
As the sun began to set, they decided to stop walking.  It had been hours since they had left the riverside and now they were in the middle of nowhere.  If Jack didn’t know better he would have thought they were lost.  It often appeared that they were walking back over the same land they had already traversed.  The further from the river they had walked, the less life they saw.  Near the river there had been great eagles soaring through the sky.  Lizards would scatter past, running under rocks for cover from predators above.  They had even seen a snake curled up soaking up the rays of the sun.  Now however, life seemed extinct.  Even the flies had gone.  Earlier the flies had been so bad Jack daren’t open his mouth for fear of swallowing one.  What had happened to them all?  Where had they gone?  Was the environment so harsh even the wildlife kept away?
‘Let’s settle here for the night.’  John said.  The area was no different from any other but it was to be their camp.
‘What about the cave?’  Jack asked.  He had been expecting to carry out his quest tonight.
‘In the morning Jack.  At sunrise.  But till then, you need some rest.  We all do.’  Chris said as he sat on the ground.
‘But what if I’m too late?’  Jack was concerned.
‘The cave is dark enough during the day Jack.  They won’t be able to find anything in the middle of the night.  So they’ll have to rest for the night as well.  Besides they don’t know you are after them.  They wouldn’t expect that an eleven year old boy would be brave enough or strong enough to survive what you have and to still want to continue on such a dangerous adventure.’  Chris explained.
‘I have to.  If I don’t they’ll kill Grandad.’  Jack sat down.  He had managed to block out the pain of his feet whilst they were walking but as they stood still they had suddenly began to throb.  Looking down at them, he could see they were red raw.
John had managed to start a small fire to keep them warm through the night.  He had struck two rocks together until they began sparking and held them close to a pile of twigs and shrubbery he had collected.  Blowing on them gently, smoke began to appear and suddenly the fire had taken hold.
Sitting around the fire, Chris, John and Bill told Jack stories of their travels.  Jack knew they were trying to take his mind off of the daunting task that lay ahead of him in the morning and he appreciated it.  But as they spoke he found his mind wandering to thoughts of his Grandad.  The three brothers voices began to meld into one and even though Jack could hear them, he was not truly listening.
‘Wuuuuuuu – WuWuWu – Wuuuuuuuuuuuuuu – WuWuWu – Wuuuuuuu’
Jack snapped out of his trance, as the strange sound vibrated through his ear drums.
John was holding a long wooden pipe to his mouth.  It was the item he had been carrying with him ever since they had rescued Jack.  He was blowing into it with his mouth and the strangest sound was coming from the other end which was resting at an angle on the floor.
‘Wuuuuuuu – WuWuWu – Wuuuuuuuuuuuuuu – WuWuWu – Wuuuuuuu’
It was quite an eerie sound and if Jack had not of been with them when he heard it, he would have been scared.  It sounded like a thousand bees buzzing through the air.
‘What is it?’  Jack asked.
‘It’s a didgeridoo.  It’s an old Aboriginal instrument dating back nearly a thousand years.  We play it during important ceremonies.’  Chris explained.
‘So why are you playing it tonight?’  Jack said curiously.
‘Well Jack.  Although you may not be our brother in blood, you are our brother in spirit.  You have chosen the same path as our people have for generations.  You strive to protect the good of mankind and at such a young age you have proven yourself very brave.’  Chris spoke sincerely as Jack listened.
‘I’m afraid even we are not as brave as you.  We feel terrible about not coming with you tomorrow but we just can’t.  You understand don’t you?’  Chris asked as he lowered his head.
‘Yes I understand.  If it wasn’t for the three of you, I wouldn’t be here now.  You all saved my life.  Now it is my turn to be brave and to repay all of you for your help.  Thank you so much for your kindness and generosity, all of you.’  Jacks eyes began to well up with tears.
‘Oh come on you two.  This is supposed to be a night of celebration.  Stop being so soppy!  You’ll make John want to cry in a minute.’  Bill remarked.
‘Wuuuuuuu – WuWuWu – Wuuuuuuu.  Cough – cough.’  John struggled to catch his breathe.  ‘Yeah, I’m trying to play and I can’t when I’m upset.’
‘Can I have a go at playing the didgeridoo?’  Jack asked, attempting to change the subject.
‘Of course you can Jack.  But I warn you.  It’s not easy!’  John obliged Jack and handed him the wooden instrument.  ‘Place the didgeridoo to your mouth and purse your lips together, then slowly blow out.’
Attempting to follow Johns instructions, Jack blew into the didgeridoo.  With his mouth full of air Jacks face went red as he blew as hard as he could.  This resulted in him sounding like he was blowing a raspberry and the group all roared with laughter.
‘Strewth mate!  You could scare away the crocodiles with a sound like that!’  John said jokingly.
‘I think one try is enough for me!  I’ll leave it to you.’  Jack laughed as he handed the didgeridoo back to John.
‘I don’t blame you Jack.  I can’t play it either.’  Chris explained which helped Jack feel less embarrassed about giving up.
‘Why don’t we have some tucker?’  John asked.
‘What’s that?’  Jack had not heard the word tucker before.
‘Tucker means food.  Are you hungry?’  John replied.
‘I suppose so.  I haven’t really thought about it since they captured Grandad.  But I do feel really weak and tired.’  Jack appeared frail after having not eaten for a couple of days.
‘Crikey.  When was the last time you had some grub?’  Chris hadn’t realised that Jack had not eaten.
‘On the plane, me and Grandad ate some chocolates.  I was hungry to begin with as we started to walk but after a while I forgot about it.’  Jack explained.
‘You should have said earlier.’  Chris knew Jack needed to eat something.  ‘John, why don’t we go get some food.’ 
‘Yeah and Bill you should give Jack his gift?’  John said.
‘You’re right!  I almost forgot about that.’  Bill said, as the atmosphere suddenly lifted.  Reaching into his back pocket Bill pulled out a wooden object.  ‘Here you go Jack.’  He said as he handed it to Jack.
‘A boomerang!’ Jack sounded excited.
‘So you have seen one before?’  Chris asked.
‘Only in books or on television.  Never in real life.  Is it really mine?’  Jack held it in his hand, rubbing his other hand along the smooth wooden finish.
‘Yep, it’s yours Jack.  I’ll teach you how to use it if you want?’  Bill said.
‘Really?  Wow.  That’s amazing.  Thanks guys.  Can we try it now?  Jack stood up and began simulating throwing the boomerang.
‘First thing in the morning Jack.  It’s a bit dark now.  I’ll wake you up early and then we’ll have a practice before you leave.’  Bill said.
‘Oh, come on.  Let’s try it now.  Please.  What if I can’t get the hang of it in the morning?  I might not have time.’  Jack pleaded with Bill.
‘He’s got a point Bill.  Plus it will be dark in the cave as well.  So he might as well get used to it now.  Go on, give him a go.  Me and John have got to go get some food anyway.’  Chris said to Bill.
‘See Chris agrees.  Come on Bill.  Just for half hour.’  Jack knew he could persuade him.
‘Oh alright then.  Over here.  Come on.’  Bill stood up and began walking away from the camp fire with Jack following swiftly behind.  Chris and Bill walked away in the opposite direction to find dinner, though Jack could not figure out what it might be.
‘Hand it here Jack and I’ll show you how to throw it.  Now watch closely.’  Bill asked Jack for the boomerang.  
Standing amongst the darkness Bill demonstrated to Jack how to throw the boomerang.  Holding it in his right hand he swung his arm in to his chest and then back out again before releasing the boomerang into the dark.  Jack couldn’t see it anymore but within seconds it came skimming through the air back towards Bill and he caught it again.
Jack was impressed. ‘Wow.  How did you do that?’
‘I’ll do it again, ok.  Watch how I’m holding it and at what position I let go of it.’  Bill explained as he threw the boomerang into the distance before it returned almost instantly.
‘Can I have a go?’  Jack asked.
‘Ok.  Now remember what I showed you.’  Bill handed the boomerang to Jack.  ‘Hold it gently and then release.’
Concentrating as hard as he could, Jack threw the boomerang into the darkness.  A few seconds passed and it still had not returned.  ‘Where is it?’  Jack could barely see Bill standing beside him, let alone the boomerang he had just launched into the pitch black.
‘This is why I wanted to do it in the morning.’  Bill said as Jack lowered his head with disappointment.  Realising he may have upset Jack, Bill said ‘It’s alright Jack.  None of us were any good when we first tried.’
‘You’re just saying that.’  Jack was still feeling down.
‘No I’m not.  When I first tried I got in big trouble.  I had just been given it as a birthday present and I couldn’t wait to try it.  I thought I would be great without any practice.  So to show off to my brothers I threw it towards them, knowing they would duck and thinking it would fly back to me.’
‘What happened?’  Jack had lifted his head to look at Bill.
‘Well, I threw it towards Chris and John and sure as I thought, they ducked.  But then it kept going, instead of turning in the air and flying back to me, it smashed right into my mums kitchen window.  She was furious after that and took it off of me for a month.  Chris and John found it very amusing.’
Jack began laughing.  ‘Sorry I don’t mean to laugh.’  Jacks spirits had lifted.
‘That’s alright.  It was a funny story.’  Bill was also laughing.  ‘Now let’s go find your boomerang.  At least there aren’t any windows to smash out here.’
Luckily Jack hadn’t been able to throw the boomerang very far so it hadn’t taken them long to find it.  This was also the case for the numerous other attempts he had at trying to throw the boomerang correctly.  Eventually after growing tired, Jack and Bill called it a night and returned to the others to get some food.
Jack was amazed at how Bill could find his way through the darkness as they walked back to the camp.  Jack would have surely gotten lost if he had been alone.  As they arrived at the camp they found Chris and John who were cooking some meat on a stick over the fire.
‘Come on lads.  We have been waiting for you to get back before we start eating.’  Chris said as he turned the stick to roast the meat on all sides.  
‘Yeah, the meat is almost ready.’  John declared.  ‘How did you get on with the boomerang Jack?’
Jack sat in front of the fire next to Chris.  ‘About as good as I was with the didgeridoo!’  Jack laughed a little.
‘Don’t be silly Jack.’  Bill said.  ‘You began to get the hang of it quicker than any of us did.’
‘Yeah, Bill was terrible when he first tried throwing a boomerang.  Remember when you smashed mums kitchen window?!’  John said laughing.
‘Yeah, yeah.  I’ve already told Jack about that!  Now is this food ready or not?’  Bill tried to change the subject.
‘Yes it is.  Now dig in lads.  Here you go Jack.’  Chris pulled some meat off of the stick and handed it to Jack.  ‘Eat it with your fingers Jack.  We do.’
Struggling to hold the hot meat in his fingers, Jack asked ‘What is it?’
‘You’re probably better off not knowing.’  John remarked.  ‘It doesn’t matter anyway.  Just fill your stomach.  You need the energy for tomorrow.’
Pulling the meat off in his teeth, Jack decided to heed their advice as he knew he may be put off of his meal if he knew exactly what it was that he was eating.
With his stomach full and tired from the days activities, Jack lay on the floor.  Staring at the stars above him, Jack wondered where his Grandad was and if perhaps he too was also staring at the same stars at that moment in time. Within moments Jack began to fall asleep, with the comfort of knowing his three new friends were beside him and that in the morning he may also be reunited with his Grandad.

Chapter 10 
Journey to the cave

The sun began to rise in the east over the horizon.  Emerging, as if from the ground itself the red ball of molten fire illuminated the sky around it.  Within seconds the full circumference of the sun could be seen lifting into the air, as though pulled from the sky above.
‘Jack.  It’s time to wake up.’  Chris began to gently rouse Jack from his sleep.
Opening his eyes Jack asked ‘is it morning already?’
‘Yes it is.  Come on, it’s time.’  Chris said with a hint of sadness in his voice.
‘That was the best night sleep I have had in ages.’  Jack said as he wiped his eyes.  ‘Ouch.’  As Jack stood up his feet were instantly painful.  Lifting them up one by one he found them covered in blisters.
‘Jack, I’m afraid we have to rush you.  This morning Bill and John woke early to scout around the entrance to the cave.  I’m afraid that what they saw wasn’t good.’  Chris looked towards John.
‘Sorry to have to tell you this Jack.  But they have beaten us there.  We saw an army of men entering the cave.  It seems the odds are stacked against you.’  John explained glumly.
‘What about my Grandad?  Did you see him?’  The most important thing to Jack was still his Grandad.
‘No.  I’m afraid not Jack.  But maybe they had already taken him inside.’  Bill explained with a pained look on his face.
‘Show me the way.’  Jack said forcefully.
‘Are you sure Jack?’ Chris asked.
‘I’m going to make my Grandad proud.’  Jack said with a look of steely determination.
‘Remember your boomerang Jack.’  Bill said.
‘I’ve got it thanks Bill.  Thank you all so much for everything.’  Jack hugged each of them.
‘John will show you the way.  Myself and Bill will remain to clear our tracks.  Good luck Jack.’  Chris said before walking away with tears in his eyes.
‘Yeah, all the best Jack.’  Bill followed behind Chris.
‘They are finding it hard to say goodbye Jack.  So am I but I need to show you where the entrance to the cave is.’  John explained.
Jack looked back at Chris and Bill walking in the opposite direction.  ‘I’ll be ok.  I’ll see you all when I return.’  Jack wasn’t sure himself if he would return from the cave but he knew it would help John to hear it.
John didn’t have far to lead Jack until they reached the cave entrance.  Nestled amongst a rocky outcrop, in which the ground raised like a hill.  Bushes and trees surrounded the area.  The cave could have been easily missed if it wasn’t for one thing.  The troops of men in uniform continued to file into the cave, one after the other.  Looking closely Jack could see that their uniform was different from the Order of Five and more reminiscent of a normal camouflaged army uniform.
‘How am I going to get past them?’  Jack asked John as they lay in the dirt watching from the distance.
‘If you can sneak around to the top of the cave without being noticed.  I will be watching.  And when you do I will create a distraction.  Hopefully that will divert their attention onto me and you can drop into the cave unnoticed.’  John said.
‘But if they see you they’ll kill you!’  
‘They won’t see me.  I’ll be ok.’  John re-assured Jack.
‘Those men look like the guys from the outback inn.  The ones who chased me and Grandad.’
‘It probably was them.  That bar has been empty for as long as I can remember.  Nobody has visited there since the gold miners who used to prospect around these lands.  I suppose Kazael and his men used it as a halfway house whilst crossing the outback.  Unlike you Jack, most ordinary people wouldn’t survive out there without somewhere to rest.  Somehow you have succeeded in what many have failed to do.’  John watched as the men in the distance began shouting.    
‘Ssshh!  What’s happening?’  John whispered.  More men were arriving from amongst the bushes.  Towards the back another four men arrived.  The two men on the outside wore the same uniform as the rest of the army but the two men in the middle appeared differently.   The shouting grew louder and a mob rallied around the two men who were pushed in to the middle of a circle of brutes.
‘CHRIS!  BILL!  NO!’  John cried out as he realised his brothers had been captured.  His loud cry alerted the guards to their presence.  Suddenly all eyes were upon John.  Jack had stayed hidden, crouching beside a rock.  He had been just as startled as the guards were when John had let out an involuntarily scream.  John couldn’t help it.  The shock of seeing his brothers captured by the enemy had jolted him like a bolt of lightning.
‘I’m sorry Jack.’  John whispered without looking in Jacks direction, before he began to rush through the bushes.  Jack knew he had to move.  The army began flooding towards his location, scouring the area for John.  If Jack didn’t move soon he was bound to be caught.
Being careful not to alert the guards, Jack began to circle around to the top of the cave.  For now was, his only chance.  John had unwittingly created the diversion Jack needed and now all men were focused on capturing him.  Leaving the cave entrance clear for entry.
Jack struggled to see amongst the shrubbery, as he kept a low profile.  Stealthily moving amongst the large prickly bushes, Jack had to follow his instincts as to which direction to head.  Without a good line of vision it was difficult to get his bearings and he could have easily ended up running into a guard or going round in circles.
With immaculate timing Jack reached the top of the cave.  The guards were still searching for John.  Amongst the guards Jack could see the solemn faces of Chris and Bill.  Oh how he wanted to save them.  His gut wrenched at the thought of leaving them, just as it had when he left his Grandad.  But he knew that if he could succeed at his next task, then everything would be ok.
Moving in silence, Jack crept towards the rocks hanging over the cave.  Slowly he lowered himself down, hanging precariously from the rocky outcrop.  With a small thud he dropped to the ground below.  Pain shot up from his heels, all the way up his legs and to his back.  He wanted to let out a cry but covered his mouth with his hand instead.  The guards were still too busy searching for John.  It was only Chris and Bill who had spotted the small figure of Jack high above the cave.  And they both smiled to themselves as they watched him disappear into the cave.

Chapter 11
 Kazael and the star

It had taken awhile for Jacks eyes to adjust to the darkness.  It was amazing how quickly the light from the sun had been locked out of the cave.  To Jack it was even more surprising how cold it had felt within minutes of stepping onto the hard damp floor.  Another oddity had been the lack of any guards within the cave.  Jack had expected to be faced with a hundred men the moment he dropped down to the entrance.  Instead as he inched further and further through the darkness, he found himself completely alone.  Silence surrounded him as the darkness began to engulf him.  Deeper and deeper into the chasms of the cave, Jack continued.  Using his hands along the surface of the walls to guide him along Jack continued, his body trembling with fear at what awaited him.
After what seemed a hundred years of isolation, trapped in the suffocating darkness, Jack could finally see hints of light breaking through the walls of the cave.  This at first seemed a blessing but it was also a hindrance.  For to be able to finally see ahead of him, relaxed Jack greatly.  But it was what he saw that caused a sudden sweat to break out in the palm of his hands.
Cobwebs – bigger and uglier than any he had ever seen before.  So big, he presumed the spiders that weaved them must be capable of devouring any human that became stuck in them.  With his great fear of spiders Jack froze.  He knew he had to progress but he had never even been able to catch a mummy spider in his bedroom, how could he possibly walk through such enormous cobwebs.
Looking behind him, into the darkness Jack suddenly realised that the spider could be anywhere.  At any moment it could leap towards him, wrapping its eight long hairy legs around his body.  The thought of this sent chills through Jacks body.  He decided that if he were to stand there any longer he would certainly be spider bait.  Pulling the boomerang from his back pocket he threw it towards the cobwebs.  It successfully cut through the first few but then became stuck in another.  The strings of the web began vibrating like a guitar string.  Jack knew this would signal to the spider that there was food trapped in its web.  He had to move quickly.
Walking forwards he squeezed his shoulder blades in as much as he could, so as to avoid the broken webs hanging beside him.  He flinched as part of the web brushed across his ear and panicking he ran forwards.  Pulling on the boomerang, the web stretched with it.  Until it burst open sending strands of silk web all over Jack.  Keeping his mouth tightly shut so as not to swallow any Jack used the boomerang like a knife.  He began to chop through the remaining webs in front of him, as though he was chopping his way through a thick jungle.  With one last swipe of the boomerang he had made it through to the other side.
Wiping the web away from his face and body Jack continued forwards.  He decided to keep the boomerang ready in his hand, in case he had to fight off any bugs.  Ahead of him Jack could see light flickering on the walls.  Preparing himself mentally for what was to come, Jack crept towards the light.
Crouching low to the ground Jack leaned around the curve in the cave.  His shadow projected onto the wall as the amber light from the flame flickered beside him.  Edging slowly around, Jack hid behind a rock as he peeked out at the grand cave he was now in.
The limestone walls of the cave were a dirty brown.  Large icicle looking rocks hung precariously from the roof of the cave.  Even the walls had sharp pointy rocks hanging off of them.  Around the cave, high up in the air sat a walkway which slowly arched around as it declined to the bottom.  This is where Jack sat as he surveyed the scene.  A large pool of turquoise blue water filled one area of the cave.  Water could be heard dripping into this from the large teeth like structures hanging from the ceiling.
The cave was lit with flames burning brightly on torches which were mounted to the walls.  Though still a lot of shadow remained.  There were large rocks scattered across the cave, some too tall to climb.  
Stood by the glowing pool of water, were Kazael and the Order of Five.  Members of his army patrolled the ground below Jack.  Some were standing still and others were pacing up and down following a set pattern.
Jack scanned the area, desperate to spot his Grandad.  He was not with Kazael, nor was he near the pool of water.  Looking into the shadows Jack hoped to find him there but still he did not see him.  It was then that two men came walking from another area of the cave towards Kazael.  Attached to one of the men was a long chain but Jack could not see where it went from his current position.
Deciding to move for want of a better view, Jack crept further around the ledge.  Still he could not see what the chain was attached to, for the shadows were too dark.  Until now Kazael and his men had not spoken but the man attached to the chain began to speak.  From his current location Jack could only hear the sound of the mans voice but could not decipher any speech.  Again Jack decided to move for a better vantage point so that he may hopefully hear what the men were saying.
‘He’s not co-operating sir.  We can’t find it.’
‘Bring him closer.’  Kazael demanded.
Jack watched as the man appeared out of the shadows.
‘Grandad!’  Jack whispered as his heart skipped a beat.
His hands were bound together with a steel bracelet attached to a long chain which one of the guards held.  Walking slowly towards Kazael he looked weak and tired.  He had no shirt on, only his trousers.  But his shoes and socks were missing.  His body appeared covered in black dirt which helped to mask the bruises he had received from the torture he had endured.  Jack could hardly fathom how his Grandad was still walking.  His head was hung low and his eyes were heavy.
‘Still you refuse to tell my men where it is!’  Kazael spoke to Jacks Grandad as he stood staring at the floor.  ‘I am growing tired of your attitude old man!  If you do not co-operate soon we will have to dispose of you.  You are of no use to us if you will not speak.’  Grandad remained silent.  ‘Take him away from me.  He is running out of time.’  Kazael said without a hint of emotion.
With his stomach churning as it had when he jumped out of the aeroplane, Jack was wrought with worry.  He followed the ledge around trying not to lose sight of his Grandad.  With only a second to spare he noticed a guard ascending the walkway.  He was nearly upon him.  As Jack began to search for a place to hide, he slid on the damp floor and began sliding down the ledge towards the oncoming guard.
The guard was almost as scared as Jack was, when he noticed the young boy propelling towards him.  Startled with shock the guard did not make a sound as Jack threw the boomerang towards him.  With perfect aim the boomerang hit the guard square in the head before dropping to the ground.  Within seconds Jack had slid past the guard and picked up the boomerang on route.  Managing to stop himself from sliding further, Jack looked back at the guard.  It had taken a few moments but he had finally fallen to the floor, unconscious where the boomerang had hit him.
Realising he had lost sight of his Grandad, Jack ran to the side of the ledge and peered over the rocks.  It was no good, he could not find him from this low down.  He needed to be above them.  Looking up at the large rocks standing in the middle of the cave he decided these would be ideal, but how would he get on top of them.  They were too tall to climb and the gap between them and the ledge was too great to jump.  Moving higher up the ledge Jack searched for ideas.  It was then that he came upon his most daring feat yet.
Hanging by his fingertips, Jack could feel water slipping through his grasp.  It made it even harder for him to keep his grip.  Reaching forward with his right hand he grabbed the next tooth shaped rock.  For Jack had decided the best way across was to climb the walls of the cave and to work his way across the roof, simply by hanging to the great rocks that had been formed over thousands of years by water dripping from the ground above.  He had managed well so far but now the distance between the rocks grew farther apart and the water running down them did not help matters.  As the gaps grew larger, Jack had to use his body to swing himself closer to the following rocks.  And with a great deal of faith he had to let go of the previous rock before he had a firm grasp of the next.  Bats clung to the surrounding rocks and would occasionally fly up to him to investigate their new neighbour.  This added to Jacks worries as he found it hard enough to hang on as it was.  Luckily he did not need to worry about the men below spotting him as he was so high up, the lit torches had not managed to light the roof.  Finally he had managed to reach a rock hanging over the large platform below and so he let his hands slide to the bottom before nervously letting go.  Again his bare feet thundered with pain as he hit the hard rock below.  But he could not make a sound.
Lying flat on his chest Jack crawled towards the edge of the great rock.  Gazing over the sides he could see his Grandad sat on a small rock in the dark.  The two guards were stood staring at him and appeared to be mocking him.
Jack looked back at Kazael.  He was still standing beside the pool of water but this time he had his arms raised in the air and had begun to chant.  The Order of Five were standing silently in a line behind him.  As Kazael continued his strange chant, the pool of water began to bubble.  Firstly they were only small bubbles but they began to grow in size and more of them formed.  Steam rose from the water as though it was boiling.  
The rest of the guards all walked towards the pool of water and stopped a few metres behind the Order of Five.  They looked as nervous as Jack did.  Grandad remained sitting on the small rock with the long chain attached to him.
Moments later rocks began to fall from the roof of the cave.  In the beginning they were only small pebbles but they had grown to large rocks smashing onto the ground below.  Eventually even some of the rocks Jack had used to climb across had begun to fall.  The guards on the ground below began to panic and started to run up the ledge out of the cave.  Some were crushed by boulders falling on them.
The guard attached to Grandad tried to force him up but he refused to move, even with rocks smashing all around him.  Pulling on his chain the guard attempted to pull Grandad to his feet but as light as Grandad was, he could not be moved.
Jack clung desperately to the surface of the large rock he lay atop.  It was rumbling and shaking violently, so much so that Jack thought they may be in the middle of an earthquake.  He could see Kazael and the Order of Five.  They appeared unconcerned with the cave collapsing around them and Kazael continued his chant.  A strange yellow glow began to emit from the pool of water, as the rock Jack was on split in two.  From the ground to the top it had separated and gradually began to crack and crumble into smaller pieces.  
Jack decided it best to cling to one large chunk of rock and hope for the best.  He knew it was too high to jump and he had no other choice.  Seconds later he was flying through the air as though riding a meteorite.  Before coming to a jolting halt as the rock smashed into the floor below but it still did not break. 
On one side of Jack stood the guard, looking perplexed.  On the other sat his Grandad with an equally surprised look on his face.  Between them lay the chain, only now it had been broken in half by the force of the boulder landing on it.
‘JACK!’  Grandad stood up and cried.
‘GRANDAD!’  Jack jumped off of the rock and headed towards his Grandads out stretched open arms.  But before he could reach him, the guard had run up from behind and grabbed Jack.
‘NO! Let him go!’  Grandad shouted with anger as he ran towards them.  He barged directly at Jack and the guard who was forced to let Jack go so as to fight off Grandad.
With a great battle of strength, Jacks Grandad fought against the guard.  For even the guard was taken by surprise at Grandads attack and his sudden found strength.  Only minutes before Grandad appeared tired and old but now he was wrestling the guard.  Rolling and tumbling across the floor they were unaware of how close they were to the Order of Five.
Jack ran after them shouting ‘Grandad!  Watch out!’  
But it was too late.  In his struggle Grandad had ended up passing the Order of Five and was now in line with Kazael.  But he still had not realised as he battled close to the edge of the boiling water.  Now the order of five were aware of the situation they made their move.  Not wanting to disturb Kazael during the final stages of his chant, two of the men grabbed Grandad and the guard.  Separating them, the Order of Five held onto Grandad but pushed the guard into the boiling water.
‘AAAAARRRRRRRRGGGGGHHHH!!!!!!’  Shrieked the guard as his skin began to boil.  Grandad worried he was next to suffer the horrendous fate but it did not seem to be on the Orders mind.
Horrified, Jack watched on, he was about to witness the beginning of the end.  A blinding white light exploded from the water, as steam filled the room.  Rising up from the water in the middle of the light, Jack could see it.  The fragment of the star.  It was more beautiful than the piece his Grandad had shown him before and certainly looked more magical.  Why this was, Jack did not know.  But he did know that it was not good that Kazael was about to harness its power.  
‘Let your power be mine.  For I shall honour the spirit of Minos and one day he shall reign again!’  Kazael spoke as he stretched his arms forwards into the light.
‘NO!’
Jack heard someone shouting.  Looking up to the ledge, he could see Chris and Bill.  Part of him felt happy to see them but he knew it would not matter if they could not stop Kazael, for they would all surely die. 
‘We’re too late!’  Chris declared whilst the cave continued to collapse around them.
The Order of Five remained silent as Kazael pulled the star from the light.  Holding it out in front of him, he turned to face Grandad.  ‘Now old man, you shall witness the birth of a new world.  You shall become the first to worship under my rule!’
‘Never!’  Grandad stood strong to the very end.
‘Once I harness the power of these two stars there will be no stopping me.  I will find the book of legends and I will recover the remaining fragments of the star.  Then Minos shall rise again!’  Kazael declared as he looked skyward.
It was then that Jack spotted the one thing that might save them all.  For high up above Kazael, there remained the biggest of all the sharp tooth like rocks.  Being the largest it had still not collapsed but Jack could see there was a large crack already forming through one side.  If he could only aid it to break, then it would fall directly on Kazael.
Reaching into his back pocket he realised his boomerang was missing.  This was his only chance, if he couldn’t find it then his plan wouldn’t work.  ‘It must have fallen out when I was climbing across the roof.’  Jack declared.  Looking around he spotted it hanging from the edge of the ledge above.  Not wanting to signal to the Order of Five his intent, he waved his arms at Chris and Bill without speaking.  Once he had their attention he pointed towards the boomerang.
Bill decided it would be his job to retrieve it, but he still did not know why Jack wanted it.  As the cave continued to rumble Bill ran quickly towards it, as if it fell he knew it may disappear into the dark cracks forming across the base of the cave.  Reaching out with his fingertips he managed to retrieve it and using the great skill he had shown Jack earlier threw it straight into Jacks hand.
Now it was Jacks turn to show Bill what he was capable of.  Aiming high at the top of the rock and without using too much strength, Jack swiftly threw the boomerang into the air.  Hitting the exact point he had been aiming for the boomerang bounced off of the rock and fell to the ground beside Kazael.  But the rock had not broken off as Jack had planned.
Looking down at the boomerang, Kazael then turned his attention to the roof above him.  Also looking up Grandad realised what Jacks plan had been.  He knew that if Kazael figured it out he would move out of the way and all would be doomed.  Although Jack already thought this as the rock had not yet fallen.
‘OK! I’ll tell you where the book of legends is!’  Grandad shouted at Kazael.
Chris and Bill looked down at him.  Surprised that he may actually be willing to give up the book of legends.
This quickly roused Kazaels attention as had been Grandads plan.  ‘Why the sudden change of heart?’
‘For I do not want to die.  I shall worship you if you let me live as one of the order?’  Grandad declared.
Jack was beginning to worry that his Grandad, really had given up hope.  Kazael and the Order of Five were still too engrossed in their endeavour to notice young Jack sneaking towards them.  If only he could get his boomerang and get one more chance at hitting the rock.
‘I pity you old man.  Kneel to the ground and beg for your life to be saved.  For Minos is merciful to those who submit to his power.’  Kazael said as he held the star in the air.
Grandad did as was asked and lowered his body to the ground, whilst the Order of Five watched on.  Even they were in shock at Grandads sudden change of heart.  Kneeling on the cold hard floor his old body appeared defeated.  But what Jack could not see was that the boomerang lay only a few feet in front of his Grandad.
‘Now declare your love for Minos!’  Kazael smirked as he had control over Grandad.
Grandad began to speak ‘I – I – I Lo..’ 
‘Grandad! NO!’  Jack ran towards the Order of Five.  Having alerted them to his presence Kazael turned his evil gaze upon Jack.  As did the soulless Order of Five.
‘What have we here then?’  Kazael said whilst staring directly at Jack.  ‘I thought you to be dead but perhaps I underestimated you!  Now, I believe you may have the book of legends.  Bring it to me!’
Two of the Order of Five marched solemnly towards Jack.  Without anywhere to run and the cave still collapsing around them Jack looked over at his Grandad.  It was then that he realised what his Grandads plan had been.  Lunging forwards in one swift motion, Grandad swept the boomerang off of the ground and threw it directly at Kazael.  Jacks eyes lit up, as did Chris and Bills as they watched the boomerang heading for Kazael.  But having never thrown a boomerang before and weak from the torture he had endured, Grandad had barely managed to throw it a metre before it came flying back in another direction.
Realising this was his chance, Jack ran past the two zombie like men walking towards him.  Narrowly evading their grasp.  As the boomerang skimmed through the air, Jack had to jump across a large crack which had opened in the ground, in which if he had fallen he would surely have been lost forever.  With rocks smashing to the floor surrounding him Jack stretched his arm out whilst flying through the air and caught the boomerang.  Immediately as he landed he threw it at the rock above Kazael one last time.
Landing on the floor, Jack watched as the boomerang travelled up to the rock.  Grandad sat up and gazed onwards as did Chris and Bill.  Their hearts were in their throats as all of their hopes lay on this last throw.  Kazael appeared surprised when Jack had not thrown the boomerang in his direction.  For he had expected Jack to try to hit him with it.  Deciding that Jack must have had a really bad aim, he began to laugh.  Raising the star above his head his laugh echoed through the cave.  It was as Kazael looked up at the star in his hands, that he saw what Jack had done.
‘NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!’  Kazael screamed as the large sharp rock fell towards him.  Only seconds before Jack had successfully thrown the boomerang at the large crack again, causing the rock to break from the roof of the cave.
‘NOOOOOOO…………………………………………….’ Kazael disappeared under the giant rock as it smashed into him, burying him deep into the ground beneath it.  As the rock came down upon him, he released the star, which fell to the floor and began bouncing towards the boiling pool of water.  Grandad dived at the star and managed to catch it just before it fell into the water.
‘Jack!’ Grandad was standing beside the large rock now embedded into the floor beside him.  He had the star in his hands.
‘Grandad!’  Jack looked over at his Grandad.  The Order of Five did not move.  For when Kazael had been destroyed, so had the power that had been keeping their soulless bodies alive.  Now their lifeless bodies stood amongst the falling debris.
‘Come on Jack!  We need to get out of here.’  Chris shouted down as the ledge they were on began to collapse.
It had taken only minutes for Jack, Grandad, Chris and Bill to escape the dangers of the cave.  By the time they had reached the outside world the cave was no longer.  All that remained was a stack of rocks where the entrance had once been.
‘What’s wrong Grandad?’  Jack said as he looked at it his Grandad sitting on a rock with a saddened face.
‘I feel bad for the guys.  I mean the Order of Five.’  
‘Why?  They wanted to kill us?!’  Jack could not understand his Grandads sympathy.
‘I know.  But it wasn’t really them.  Kazael made them do it and stole their souls.  Now they are locked down there forever with him.  They were my friends once.’  Grandad wiped away a few tears.
Chris held his hand out to Grandad.  ‘G’day.  I’m Chris.  And this is Bill.  Nice to meet ya!’
Looking up, Grandad took Chris’s hand and shook it.  ‘Thanks for helping my grandson.’
‘I thought they had captured you Jack.  I heard the guards talking about this person they had caught by the lake and I thought it was you.  They said they had killed you.’  Grandads eyes began to well up again.
‘No I’m ok.  Chris, Bill and John helped me.’  Jack looked at Chris and Bill.  ‘Where’s John?’
Chris and Bill looked sad.  ‘I’m afraid he’s dead Jack.’  Chris said with a lump in his throat.
‘You see.  He came back to rescue us.  Which is exactly what he did.  But then all of the guards took flight chasing him through the woods.  He gave his life to save ours.’  Bill began to cry.
Chris put his arm around Bill.  
‘I – I – I’m sorry.’  Jack wiped the tears away from his face with his arm.
‘Yes, sorry for your loss.’  Grandad offered his condolences.
‘What have you lost?!’
The group turned to see who had spoken.
‘Strewth!  What’s wrong with you guys?’  John asked as he appeared out of the bushes.
‘Who are you?’  Grandad asked.
‘JOHN!’  The rest of the group shouted as they ran towards him.
‘What happened?’  Bill asked.
‘How did you get away?’  Chris questioned.
‘We thought you were dead!’  Jack declared.
‘Nah.  I lost them out in the bush.  Those strange fellas don’t know the bush like we do!’  John laughed.
‘But where have you been?’  Jack asked as he wiped away any sign of tears.
‘Well – I – uh – well – I – I got lost ok!’  John said as he folded his arms.
The group all began laughing loudly.
‘We’re just glad to have you back brother.’  Chris remarked.
‘Thank you all for helping Jack and me.’  Grandad said.
‘No worries.  Your grandson is a great warrior and you should be very proud.’  Chris said.
‘I am.’  Grandad said as he hugged Jack.
‘But you said you wouldn’t come into the cave?’  Jack reminded Chris of his words earlier.
‘Well, we couldn’t let you have all the fun now, could we?!’  Chris said with jest as he patted Jack on the back.
‘I’m afraid we must be going Jack.’  Bill said smiling.  ‘I’ll have to get you a new boomerang.  You’re better than me now!’
Jack smiled but felt too upset to talk.
‘We should get you home as well Jack.’  Grandad said.
‘What adventures are we going to go on now?!’  Jack said as the group began laughing.
‘Hopefully none for a while.  I think we will catch a plane home.’  
‘And sneak onto it like last time?!’  Jack was full of excitement to be back with his Grandad.
‘No I think we’ll just get a ticket this time!’ Grandad laughed as did Chris, Bill, John and Jack.
‘Oh Grandad!’  Laughed Jack.

Chapter 12 
Back to reality

It was the first day of the new school term.  Jack had been sat at his desk day dreaming as usual whilst Mrs Wedge stood at the front of the classroom discussing the new itinerary.  Before the bell rang for class, all of the children had been talking about what they had been up to over the summer holiday.  Some told stories of family vacations to tropical countries, others told of their trip to the nearest sea side town where it rained consistently every day.  Jack feigned interest and instead allowed his thoughts to carry his mind back to Australia.  He could almost feel the prickly heat on his skin.
‘Jack – Jack Chambers.’  Mrs Wedge called out.
Awaking from his trance Jack replied ‘Yes miss.  Here miss.’
‘I know you are present Jack, as I called the register over an hour ago.’  Mrs Wedge was a light hearted kind woman and laughed slightly as she spoke to Jack.  ‘Now you obviously have some deeply interesting stories to tell, for you have been lost in thought since class began.’  
Mrs Wedge had been working her way through the class.  Asking each pupil to stand next to the teachers desk and recount a story from their summer holiday.  Jack was next.  ‘Come to the front of the class Jack.  Don’t be shy.’
Standing from his desk, Jack walked slowly towards the front of the class.  It wasn’t that he was shy, that was playing on his mind.  Nor was it that he didn’t have any stories, for he had plenty.
Standing there alone, he thought back to his dangerous adventure.  It had only been the previous week that he had arrived back in London but it seemed like an eternity away now.
A smile crossed his face as he pictured Chris, Bill and John sitting around the camp fire.  He grimaced as he thought of the rock crushing Kazael.  And a warm feeling flooded his body, whilst he thought of returning home with his Grandad.  Mr and Mrs Chambers had tried to act angry when they arrived home but he knew they were over the moon to see him, as was his grandmother and little Ruby.  He never knew how but, Grandad had managed to convince them not to punish Jack.  Somehow Grandad had even gotten away with the mischief himself and Mr and Mrs Chambers had not spoken of the night Grandad whisked Jack away since.
But Jack knew the class would not believe such a grand story.  For they thought Jack a dreamer already, so to them this was sure to be just another make believe tale.
With this thought in mind Jack finally proceeded to talk.
Some in the class listened intently, others closed their eyes and had dreams of their own.
But Jack was happy, he had not lied.  He had just told a different version of his story, which he knew the class would find believable.  Returning to his desk, he felt the book of legends in his back pocket and began to think of what new adventures lay ahead.  With this in mind Jack began to smile.
THE END
Please leave a review on the website where you found this book and also on goodreads at:
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18904931-the-jack-chambers-adventures---the-book-of-legends


Remember to visit 
www.thejackchambersadventures.com

