


About the Book

James and Jessica, the Two Jays, are on holiday in the Derbyshire Peak District in England, staying near Dakedale Manor, which has been completely destroyed in a fire. Did young Sam Stirling burn his family home down? Miss Parkin, the housekeeper, says he did, and she can prove it. Sam says he didn't, but he can't prove it. Sam has gone missing. James and Jessica believe the truth lies behind one of the old iron doors inside the disused railway tunnel. This is the second Two Jays adventure story.

The Dark Tunnel Adventure
The Second Two Jays Story
by
Chris Wright
© Chris Wright 2017

This eBook ISBN: 978-0-9957594-0-4

Also available in paperback
Paperback ISBN: 978-1-5206386-3-8

Published by
White Tree Publishing
Bristol
UNITED KINGDOM

Website: www.whitetreepublishing.com

Email: wtpbristol@gmail.com

The Dark Tunnel Adventure is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. The Blue John Mine and the village of Eyam are real places and well worth a visit.

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise), without the prior written permission of the copyright owner of this abridged edition.

The Bible verses in this story are taken from "The Holy Bible, English Standard Version. ESV® Permanent Text Edition® (2016). Copyright © 2001 by Crossway Bibles, a publishing ministry of Good News Publishers."

(See also www.youversion.com for free downloads of over a thousand Bible translations, with over a thousand languages supported, on your phone, tablet, and computer.)




NOTE: a railway track, or a railway line in Britain, is called a railroad or railroad track in America, and sleepers which run across between the rails to anchor them in place are called railroad ties. This story takes place in England, so British English words and spelling are used here. Oh, and a mother is a mum in England, a mom in America, and the British Autumn is the American Fall.. 

Table of Contents

Cover
About the book
Note
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
More books by Chris Wright
About White Tree Publishing

Chapter 1

Saturday
James's father checked the mirror and drove away from the Cooper family home with a fully loaded car. "Dakedale village, here we come," he called out, to no one in particular. "James and Jessica, if you want an adventure in Dakedale, there's the old railway tunnel to explore."
"Is it safe?" James asked. "When you say old railway tunnel, do you mean the tunnel is old or the line is old?"
"Both," his father said. "It's a very old tunnel and the line is now disused. I believe the railway bridge over the road was dismantled a few months ago. It made a bit of a blind spot for traffic. The railway tunnel is long and dark. There's a bend in the middle, and you can only see daylight at one end at a time, and no end at all when you're halfway through."
"So make sure you both take flashlights with you so you don't get lost in there," James's mother said.
"Oh, Mum." James gave a loud groan. "It's a tunnel. You go in one end and come out the other. Simple. How could we possibly get lost in an old railway tunnel?"
Mrs Cooper laughed. "If anybody could, you two could."
James just rolled his eyes, but Jessica had the strange feeling that James's mother could be right.
James Cooper and Jessica Green, close cousins sometimes known as the Two Jays, were sitting in the back of the car, excited to be going on holiday for a week in the Peak District of Derbyshire. Then Mr Cooper’s phone rang on the car speaker. It was the letting agent for the holiday cottage they were renting for the autumn school break.
"Mr Cooper," a woman's voice said over the car speaker, "I'm afraid I'm the bearer of bad news."
James gave a sigh. "I knew it. I knew it!"
Jessica put a finger to her lips. "Just listen," she whispered.
"Go on," James's father said, letting out a sigh exactly as James had done. He pulled into the side of the road to concentrate on the call.
"There was a major fire last night. Dakedale Manor has been completely destroyed. The owners were out at the time, and the fire service thought their eleven-year-old son, Sam, was trapped inside."
James's mother let out a loud gasp. "How terrible!"
"There's good news on the son. Early this morning the police found him wandering in the grounds. I can't say anything more at this stage. The police and the fire service are convinced the fire was started deliberately. There's a criminal investigation going on."
"So are we going to stay in Dakedale Lodge or not?" James asked his father, forgetting they were on speakerphone.
"Yes," James's father said to the letting agent, "where does that leave us? I imagine we won't be able to stay there."
"That's why I've phoned you," the woman said. "The Lodge is fine, because it's by the road, and there's a long driveway down to the old Manor. But there will be police and fire engines in the grounds for the next day or so, and of course there's still a smell of burning in the air. The owners are giving you the option of cancelling, with a full refund of course."
James's father turned to the back of the car. "I think we should cancel," he said. "Jessica, you can stay with us. We'll explain everything to your parents."
"No, no, no!" James said. "Jessica and I are really looking forward to exploring the area. It's not as though we were staying in the Manor. Besides, if the boy is safe, then it will be exciting to see...."
"I don't think exciting is exactly the right word," Jessica said, frowning at James. "The family have lost their home." She sniffed as she pushed her long, fair hair away from her face and rubbed her eyes. "I could cry for them. Imagine how you'd feel if your home burnt down."
James thought about what Jessica said for a moment, and then shook his head, scattering his thick, light brown hair that reached just below the top of his ears. "No, not exciting. You're right, Jessica. Sorry."
"Mr Cooper, you need to make a decision now." The letting agent sounded impatient. "I have to phone the people who are coming to stay the week after you. Mr Stirling wants to cancel their booking, because they will need the Lodge for themselves now."
James's father said, "Won't they need it this week?"
"They are staying with friends for the next few days. This has been a great shock to them," the letting agent explained. "The decision is yours."
"I see." Mr Cooper turned first to his wife and then to James and Jessica in the back seat. They all nodded their heads, and said in unison, "Let's go!"
James's father nodded as well. "If you're sure the accommodation in the Lodge is still all right," he said to the letting agent, "and we won't be in the way of the investigation into the fire, then we'd all like to take the accommodation for the week, as planned."
A shout of hooray came from the back seat. The agent obviously heard it because she gave a slight laugh, but it was only a slight laugh. She was obviously under a lot of stress dealing with the bookings.
"In that case, Miss Phyllis Parkin will meet you at three o'clock at Dakedale Lodge as arranged. Miss Parkin is, or perhaps I should say was, the live-in housekeeper at Dakedale Manor. I know she will make sure you have a comfortable stay. I hope you have a good holiday in spite of the circumstances. And thank you for booking your holiday through us."
When the phone call was ended, James's mother turned round. "Now then, you two, you're not to go anywhere near the old Manor. If it really has been destroyed in the fire, the walls might collapse. You go no closer to it than the front door of the Lodge. I'm sure there will be plenty of other things to see around the village to stop you being bored. As well as the old railway tunnel, I might add. And don't forget we're having a few days out in the car. There's at least one show cave on the list of things we're planning to visit."
"You're not too keen on caves," Jessica whispered to James. "Remember Cheddar?"
 "I'm okay with tunnels," James muttered, but nobody seemed to hear him.

Chapter 2

They stopped for a light lunch at a café in a small Derbyshire town they passed through on the way. James had spotted a jam doughnut in the glass case as they came in, and asked if he could have one to finish off his meal, as he was still very, very hungry. Jessica said she didn't eat cake, which his mum said was very sensible, making James shake his head. He asked if he could have Jessica's as well, but as he expected, this was met with a clear refusal.
After the meal, they went into the local supermarket and bought enough food to see them through a couple of days, but they didn't do any looking around.
They were all keen to be on time in getting to the village of Dakedale and their holiday accommodation in the Lodge: gateway to Dakedale Manor, a 200-year-old country residence set in a large estate. Or, James thought, if the letting agent was correct, what used to be a 200-year-old country residence set in a large estate.
"It's so sad," Jessica said, thinking about what the letting agent had said. "One day there's a lovely family home, and the next day it's just a pile of ashes."
Mrs Cooper, Jessica's Aunty Amy, turned round. "Fire is such a dangerous thing. Of course, things are safer now, but in the old days when people only had candles and oil lamps, fire was always a big risk in any house."
"And gas lighting, of course," Mr Cooper said. "Gas sometimes leaked from the pipes that ran all around the house."
"And then bang!" James said, making Jessica jump. He thought for a moment. "Do you think this was a gas leak?"
"I shouldn't think so," his father said. "The agent said there was a criminal investigation taking place. That sounds like someone deliberately setting fire to the building. It's strange though."
"What's strange?" Mrs Cooper asked.
James's father slowed down as they entered the thirty miles an hour speed limit to Dakedale, a village that seemed to be right out in the middle of nowhere. "It's awful that the whole house burnt down. That definitely points to the fire being deliberate. Anyway, we're here now. Perhaps we'll learn more once we're settled in."
A smell of smoke had drifted into the car as they approached the village, although there seemed to be no smoke in the road here. A hazy cloud hung in the air beyond the trees. There was no doubt about it. They had arrived!
Certainly Dakedale Lodge, a compact stone building, had obviously suffered no damage at all. With a cheer from the passengers, Mr Cooper drew up at the large iron gates at the top of the driveway to the estate. A police officer standing there took their names, looked at a piece of paper he was holding on a clipboard, and directed them to a parking place by the side of the Lodge.
"You’re to go no closer to the Manor than this," he said.
James tried to see the Manor, but much of it was hidden by the trees that lined the long drive.
Miss Parkin was waiting in the Lodge to give them a rather cold welcome. Jessica guessed she was in her late thirties. "I hope you're doing the right thing, staying here," she said. She was tall and thin, and looked rather cross. Her black hair was pulled back tightly. "The police and fire crew will be here for another couple of days. A terrible disaster to such a lovely old country house. Anyway, come in and I'll show you round and explain a few things to you." She said all this without so much as a smile.
Jessica looked up at the clouds passing overhead. "At least the wind is taking the smoke away from us," she observed. "Let's hope it stays that way."
Only James heard her. Mr and Mrs Cooper had already gone inside with Miss Parkin. The two cousins hurried in after them. As James looked around, he could see just how good the accommodation was.
The Lodge had been fitted out with high quality furnishings. There was even a large log fire burning cheerfully in the living room that had two very comfortable-looking, dark blue sofas. James could imagine himself stretched out on one of them in the evenings while he read one of the books he'd brought with him. He hoped his parents and Jessica would be comfortable sharing the other one!
"A bit better than the old cottage we had in the summer at Sheppingford," he whispered to Jessica, and they both laughed at the memory of that place. Fortunately, an amazing holiday had made up for staying in what had been little more than a damp wreck. [See The Two Jays Adventure.]
There were three pleasant bedrooms upstairs, perhaps a little on the small side but nobody seemed to be bothered about that. Each bedroom has its own ensuite. James could see that a lot of money had been spent getting the Lodge ready for visitors. His parents took the double bedroom, and they let Jessica, as the guest, choose which of the other two she wanted.
James knew this holiday would be good, even if it didn't turn out to be exciting. He looked out of the small window that faced down the drive. Through the trees he could see the blackened shell of Dakedale Manor with three fire appliances parked in front of it. Where the windows had been there were just dark, gaping holes, and the stonework above them was black. Only parts of the roof remained, like black bones against the October sun. Pale grey smoke rose lazily into the air.
He hurried down the steep stairs with the others, to see the rest of the Lodge. He could tell that the kitchen certainly met with his parents' approval. James noticed them looking at each other and exchanging a silent smile, as though they too were remembering the old cottage in Sheppingford.
Miss Parkin was waiting for them all in the living room.

Chapter 3

"Tell us about the boy, Miss Parkin," Jessica said. "Did he nearly get burnt to death in the house?"
Miss Parkin motioned to them to sit on the two luxurious sofas. "Sam Stirling," she said, looking around as though she might be being overheard. "A bad lot that boy is, and only eleven years old. I'm not surprised he's in such serious trouble. It's really broke his parents heart to know he did it. Such lovely people they are, too."
Jessica bit her bottom lip. "Did Sam get badly burnt?"
Miss Parkin looked around again. "He did it."
"Sam Stirling set fire to the house?" James's mother asked in horror.
Miss Parkin nodded. "You didn't hear it from me, but he definitely did it."
"Has he admitted it?" James's mother asked.
Miss Parkin shook her head and looked grim. "He didn't need to. I can prove he's the guilty one, and so can the police."
"That's terrible," Jessica said. "How could an eleven-year-old boy burn down a whole house by accident?"
Miss Parkin kept looking around, as though someone else could be in the room, although the Lodge had been empty when they'd arrived. "I might as well tell you, because the news is all round the village by now. I have my own room in the Manor. Yesterday evening I got an urgent phone call to go to Buxton hospital, where they said my sister had been taken after a serious accident. Sam's parents were away for a long weekend in Stratford-upon-Avon and I was supposed to be looking after him."
Miss Parkin paused for a moment, and Jessica thought she seemed to be wondering if she should share something that was on her mind. She must have decided to share it, because she said, "All very convenient for what Sam was planning. But please don't blame me for what happened next. That boy was watching the TV, and quite old enough to look after himself for one night and not get up to any mischief. I set the alarm for the windows and outside doors before I left, and told Sam to put himself to bed and leave the alarm alone. At two o'clock in the morning someone in the village saw flames coming from the windows and parts of the roof. By the time the fire brigade arrived, it was too late to save the building."
"But Sam Stirling definitely managed to get out, didn't he?" Jessica asked anxiously.
"Oh yes, he made sure he was safe. Such a cunning boy. The fire brigade thought he was still in the building, but the flames were too intense to get in to check. Then, just as it was getting light, Sam comes out of the stables and asks what's going on. As if he didn't know! Of course, he's denied knowing anything about the fire."
"Hold on then," James's father said. "Perhaps the fire was accidental and Sam hid in the stables because he was frightened by seeing all the flames. Surely you're not seriously blaming him."
"Accidental?" Miss Parkin said. "It's not only me, Mr Cooper. You should hear what the police and the fire brigade have to say. That boy set fire to every room by tipping and petrol throughout the house, and opening the upstairs windows to make sure the flames spread so the whole Manor would be destroyed."
James watched a burning log in the fire slip sideways, sending flames and a bright shower of sparks up the chimney. This must be how the Manor had looked only a few hours ago. He felt that Miss Parkin was being really nasty. "If Sam Stirling hasn't admitted he did it, why are you blaming him?" he asked.
Again Miss Parkin looked around the room before saying quietly, "They say he ran to the stables where he could watch the whole of lovely Dakedale Manor burn to the ground. And there is plenty more evidence. Incriminating evidence."
Everyone waited for Miss Parkin to explain. After a suitable pause, she said, "Sam's clothing smelt strongly of petrol. He had a lighter in his pocket. What more proof does anyone need?"
Mrs Cooper nodded. "And has he said why he smelt of petrol?"
Miss Parkin shook her head. "He's gone. Run off somewhere. Does that sound like the action of someone who's innocent?"
Mrs Cooper agreed that it didn't. "And how is your sister in hospital?" she asked. "You said you got a phone call to say she'd been in an accident. I hope it's not too serious."
"And that's another thing," Miss Parkin said, shaking her head. "She never was in hospital. Someone made that phone call to get me out of the house. And I'd put my life on it that Sam Stirling did it."
"Didn't you recognise his voice?" Jessica asked. "Surely that would have given everything away."
Miss Parkin nodded. "I suppose I was in a bit of a panic. When I came to think about it later, I told the police it could have been Sam putting on a bit of a Derbyshire accent. Oh dear, it's been such an upsetting time. I never did like that boy, and when he started reading the Bible, well...!
"I don't see anything wrong with reading the Bible," Jessica said, during Miss Parkin's dramatic pause. "I read the Bible. And so does James. We all do."
"Well, that's as may be. But that's not the end of it. I came into Sam's bedroom one morning and found him praying. Praying! All on his own. A boy of eleven. Can you imagine that? Praying is something you should only do in church on Sunday, not in the middle of the week in your own bedroom. Then he told me he'd found Jesus, or something like that. You don't need to get involved in that sort of thing to be a good person in this life. Especially not someone young like Sam. Well, I can't think Jesus is going to want to have anything to do with him now!"
James glanced across at Jessica who raised her eyebrows in interest. This sounded as though it might be worth further investigation -- if they ever met Sam.
"I think Sam's going to need Jesus now more than ever, whether he did it or not," Jessica said.
"Wouldn't you have recognised Sam's mobile phone number?" James asked. "Don't you know it?" Miss Parkin seemed to really have it in for Sam Stirling, but then the evidence against him did seem overwhelming.
Miss Parkin turned quickly to James and glared at him. "You're not suggesting the boy is innocent, are you? There's things you don't know. It was an unregistered pay-as-you-go phone that the boy must have got hold of. They found it in his pocket with his fingerprints all over it. And there's more. The last call on it was made to me last night, at the time I took the trick call I thought was from the hospital."
She kept glaring at James. "I don't like the way you’re looking at me, young lad, like you're all suspicious of me. Just for your information, the police have checked the security cameras at the hospital. They've told me they have me on record. So they know I was definitely there. You can check with them yourself, if you like."
James felt he'd definitely like to do that. "I might."
"James," his mother said, "I don't know what's come over you. You'd better leave the room if you can't behave. Miss Parkin clearly doesn't like your attitude, and neither do we."

Chapter 4

James stayed where he was as Miss Parkin looked around the room again. He thought she seemed to be too worried about being overheard. "And then there's the main alarm to the outside doors and windows. I set it when I left, so no one could have broken in. It rings automatically in the police station. There was valuable stuff in the Manor, and now it's all gone, burnt to nothing."
"Does Sam know the code to disable it?" James asked. He wasn't so sure now that he wanted to meet Sam after all. He sounded as though he was completely out of control.
"Of course Sam knows the code," Miss Parkin snapped. "So again that points to him. And then there's the security cameras front and back. They were switched off. You need a code to do that. I imagine Sam switched them off when he went outside to get the cans of petrol we keep for the ride-on lawnmower and other things like the chainsaw and leaf-blower. That would have taken him some time, coming and going with the petrol cans."
There was a long silence, and then Miss Parkin's severe expression softened just a little. "I know for a fact young Sam sometimes walks in his sleep, so maybe he really didn't know what he was doing. But no one is doubting Sam is responsible for the fire. Well then, I've probably said too much. Please keep it to yourselves."
Mrs Cooper assured her that they would. After all, she explained, it was no business of theirs anyway. She turned to James and Jessica. "And it's no business of yours, either. It's a matter for the police and Sam's parents. So just forget about the fire and enjoy the holiday here in Dakedale."
Miss Parkin hadn't finished. "If you see the boy around anywhere, don't chase after him. He'll only run away again. Tell one of the police officers keeping watch by the house, and they can go and pick him up. The sooner that boy's off the streets the better. He's probably planning to set light to all the houses and cottages in the village, I wouldn't wonder."
James’s thoughts switched backwards and forwards between Sam being guilty and being innocent. He thought Miss Parkin made Sam's guilt sound so convincing, almost too convincing. If they ever met him, he would certainly listen to Sam Stirling's side of the story first, before calling the police. Of course, if Sam had done it, it would all sound convincing. The door and window alarm switched off, the outside security cameras disabled, petrol on his clothes and a lighter in his pocket? Did people really burn down houses in their sleep?
Miss Parkin pointed to the log fire. "Now, don't let what I've told you worry you. But it might be sensible to keep your front door locked when you're in, and always lock it when you go out. And make sure the windows are shut at all times. I'm here to make your holiday as comfortable as possible. I have a key to the front door, and every morning at six thirty I'll be here to set the log fire for you, and I'll leave a loaf of fresh bread from the village bakery on the kitchen table. White or brown?"
"Brown," they all said together.
"Where are you staying, now Dakedale Manor has burned down?" James's mother asked. She sounded concerned for Miss Parkin's welfare. James didn't feel that such an unpleasant woman deserved any sympathy, and then he felt ashamed for thinking it.
Miss Parkin pointed towards the main road. "I have friends in the village. It's all fixed up for me to stay in the third cottage you come to on the left up the lane opposite. Here's my card and phone number. If you need anything, don't mind contacting me any time, day or night. It's all part of the letting agreement."
"And where are Sam's parents staying? I understand they're here in the village."
"Mrs Bailey at the bottom of the lane has kindly offered them to stay with her. She'll be taking good care of them. Next week they're moving in here, until the insurance company can sort out something more permanent for them. Now, if there's nothing else, I'll be back tomorrow morning at six thirty to see to your fire. Of course, the bakery will be closed tomorrow, being Sunday, but there's a large white and a large brown loaf in the larder that will see you through until Monday morning. I'll let myself in and out and be as quiet as I can. I'm sure you'll be wanting to make a slow start in the morning and have a bit of a lie in. I'll lock up again when I leave." With that, she said goodbye and slipped away from the Lodge without so much as a parting smile.
As soon as Miss Parkin had gone, the family looked at each other in astonishment. "What a terrible state that poor boy must be in," James's mother said.
Mr Cooper shook his head. "If he did it, then who can possibly feel sorry for him?"
"Yes, if," Jessica said. "What did Miss Parkin mean about Sam reading his Bible and praying? If he really has found Jesus, it doesn't make sense that he'd burn down the Manor." She felt upset at the thought.
James's mother put her hand gently on Jessica's shoulder. "If Sam did it in his sleep, I think that makes a big difference. It means he's emotionally disturbed, but not a criminal."
"Well," James said, "I'm sorry for the whole family, but Mum's right, there's nothing we can do. Come on, Jessica, let's go and explore the old railway tunnel. Where is it, Dad?"

Chapter 5

Mr Cooper stood up. "I'll come with you," he said, rubbing his hands in excitement. "I could do with some exercise after sitting in the car for so long."
James's mother shook her head. "Nice try," she said with a laugh. "We have the car to unload and things to put away."
"Can we help?" James found himself asking, slightly to his own surprise. Then he said, "I mean it, Mum. We can all go and explore once we're settled in."
"I'm not going anywhere near any railway tunnel," his mother said. "Thanks for the offer, but you and Jessica might as well get out from under our feet for a bit." She frowned. "You really are going to the old tunnel, aren't you? Only you know you mustn't go anywhere near the Manor, however tempting it might be. You know what your father said."
"Of course we won't," James said. "Definitely the tunnel. And Dad says it's safe."
James's father looked thoughtful. "The tunnel, yes. But this is a limestone area, and there are several caves in the moorland, and probably some old mine shafts. So you have to promise to keep well away from any holes you see in the ground. Not all of them will be fenced in. Promise?"
Jessica and then James nodded. "Promise," they both said.
"I'll get you a couple of flashlights from the car," James's father said.
"And be back here in an hour. I want to know you're safe, well before it gets dark," Mrs Cooper called after them as they left the room.
James checked the time on his phone. It wasn't even four o'clock. "Five at the latest," he said. "That's a promise. It won't nearly be dark by then."
At the car, Mr Cooper gave them two powerful flashlights which, he assured them, had fresh batteries. He said the LEDs would last for hours and hours, so they were going to be perfectly safe.
"Don't forget," he told them, "keep well away from holes in the ground. Don't underestimate the time it's going to take to walk through the tunnel. Wooden railway sleepers are never spaced right for walking. They are either too close for walking quickly, or too far away for walking slowly. Make sure you don't fall and twist your ankles."
He explained that they had to go up the lane on the opposite side of the road until they came to a small railway embankment running along the edge of the hill.
"Don't go to the left at the top. That's where the old bridge was taken down recently. I don't know if it's fenced off or not. Follow the rail track to the right and you'll come to the tunnel entrance at the foot of the hill. And watch out for monsters hiding in the darkness," he said with a laugh.
James thought Jessica looked a bit worried. "Dad's joking," he said.
"I wasn't worried about us," Jessica said. "I was thinking the monsters might be frightened when they saw you!"
James said nothing as they crossed the road and made their way up the small lane with cottages on each side. This must be where Sam's parents were staying for now with Mrs Bailey, and a little further up where Miss Parkin was staying.
At the top of the lane they found a stile leading to a footpath that made its way towards what looked like a railway embankment.
At the foot of the grassy embankment they found the remains of an old wire fence that presumably would have kept animals and small children from wandering onto the track when the line was in use.
"Race you to the top," James said, already on his way up.
"That's cheating," Jessica protested. But somehow she managed to reach the old railway track first.
"That's not fair," James said. "I stopped to wait for you, and the grass was wet and slippery and my feet couldn't get going again."
"Stop moaning," Jessica said. "I beat you fair and square. Now, where's this dark tunnel full of monsters?"
James turned and looked left and right. "Dad said it's to the right. The line runs straight towards that hill. I could easily race you to it, but I'm not going to. Dad's right. We have to be careful not to sprain our ankles on these sleepers."
"And if we don't tread on the sleepers, all these stones are uncomfortable to walk on," Jessica added. "Are they what are called ballast?"
But James was already some distance ahead and didn't seem to hear. Or perhaps, Jessica thought, he didn't know and didn't want to admit it. Clutching her flashlight firmly, she set out carefully after her cousin.
She thought of other holidays she and James had been on together over the years. The thought of going away without James, either with his parents or hers, was unthinkable. They often teased each other, but they never had any serious disagreements, even though their characters were very different.
Jessica knew she took a rather serious view of life, while James was always making jokes. Maybe, Jessica thought, that was why they always got on well, because their personalities were never in conflict. Sometimes James led the way, and sometimes she did. Today, she was quite happy to let James go into the tunnel first and be the one to meet the monsters.
The outside of the tunnel was a stone-lined gaping hole into the darkness, only wide enough for the single rail track that entered it. Jessica could see how correct James's father was about there being a bend in it, because there was no sign of daylight at the far end. Unless of course it was blocked by an oncoming train!
"Come on," James urged her. "Don't hang back there. If you want to, you can go in first."
Jessica smiled. "I would, if we had a ball of string. I don't intend to get lost in there."
"It's a tunnel," James told her. "You're as bad as my mum. How can anyone possibly get lost in a railway tunnel?"
Jessica shook her head. "I don't know what to think. It might be the entrance to the centre of the earth for all I know. The word labyrinth comes to mind when I look in there."
"You could be right," James said. "There could be a mad bull in there called the Minotaur, and he'll chase us round and round through so many passages that even if he doesn't kill us, we'll never be able to find our way out before our flashlights fail. So that's why you're welcome to go in front."
"I think you're chicken," Jessica said accusingly. She pushed past her cousin. "Race you to the far end!"
James held back. "Let's take this seriously. Of course we can't possibly get lost, but one of us could fall and get hurt. With so many stones and bits and pieces along the track, as well as some sleepers that are out of place, we need to go slowly. Oh, and watch out for dangling skeletons. There must have been some terrible disasters in this tunnel in the past."
"James, you're horrible. But you're not going to scare me. Come on, follow me on a journey to the centre of the earth!"
As James watched, Jessica disappeared into the darkness.

Chapter 6

Jessica began to feel more confident, and had made her way a few paces ahead when she stopped and shone her flashlight on the roof of the tunnel. "I suppose it's safe in here," she said. "Only I've just had a drop of water on my head. Perhaps there's a hole in the ceiling."
"I'm sure it's safe," James told her. "The water from the land above will be dripping through in lots of places."
He shone the beam of his flashlight over the tightly packed stones that made up the arched roof of the tunnel, similar to the stones in the wall. They were black from the soot of passing steam locomotives.
Small, dirty white stalks hung from them, each with a drop of water on the end. He remembered their trip to Cheddar. These were stalactites in the making, but it would be many thousands of years before they became a problem and blocked their way out. So they'd have no trouble getting back by five!
They walked on a little further, keeping close to each other now that the entrance to the tunnel behind them was getting smaller and smaller. James stopped and swung the beam of his flashlight across the roof and down the walls.
"This is solid rock," he said in surprise. "When they blasted their way through the hill with dynamite, they must have come to a large cave in the rock." He pointed to some semicircular grooves running down the wall. "That's one half of the hole they drilled to put the dynamite in. The other half of the rock was blown away in the explosion."
"Your knowledge is amazing," Jessica said dryly. Then she thought for a moment. "That's quite interesting, but don't let it go to your head." She turned round and gave a little gasp. "We're lost," she said in alarm.
James turned too. The tunnel was black in front of them and black behind them. They must be in the middle of the bend.
Jessica was flashing her light up and down the tunnel, trying to stay calm. Then she noticed something unusual. "There's a door here," she said. She picked up a small stone and tapped on it cautiously. "It seems to be made of iron."
James was looking at the other side of the tunnel. "And there's an iron door here as well. You've heard of trolls who live under bridges. Well, there are also trolls who live in railway tunnels. These are the front doors to their houses. So keep your voice down."
"I wish you didn't have such a scary imagination," Jessica said, hitting him on the back. "Can we just be sensible please?"
"If you must know, I don't have a scary imagination, I have a suspicious one. And that's not such a bad thing. All the time Miss Parkin was talking to us, she seemed to be digging herself into a deeper and deeper hole."
"You think she's making it all up about Sam being to blame?"
James shook his head. "No, I don't. I think everything she said is true, although I'd like to check with the police that Miss Parkin really was at the hospital in Buxton all last night. It's just that something didn't seem right about the way she was telling it. "
"If she's on the hospital cameras.... Okay, yes, I agree with you. Miss Parkin seems too ready to blame Sam. But if she did set fire to the house, I can't see how she could possibly have done it. Are you listening to me, James?" 
James was examining the sides of the tunnel. "This must be part of a really big cave system. This is still natural stone. And if you look by the front doors of the trolls' houses, they've had to fill in large holes around them with stones."
"Only they're not trolls' houses, because there are no such things as trolls in tunnels," Jessica said, with more conviction than was necessary.
"So what's behind these iron doors?"
"Probably they were storage for explosives, or for spare parts or something for the track. Come on, James, let's get to the far end and out into the daylight."
"There is no daylight," James said.
"What do you mean?"
"It's after midnight."
"That's ridiculous, James. We've been gone twenty minutes at the most."
James shook his head. "I knew there was something weird about this tunnel. It's the entrance to a time warp. A whole year has passed since we entered it. Everybody outside has been frantically looking for us. They've probably given up by now and are living quite happily without us. And yes, I do think Miss Parkin's attitude to Sam Stirling was most suspicious."
Jessica caught him by the arm. "We've been here long enough. Let's get back to the Lodge before we both go mad."
James pulled his phone from his pocket to check the time. "We ought to be getting back anyway. It's taken us a long time just to get this far. We can go to the far end tomorrow when we've got more time. We don't want to be grounded for the rest of the holiday. And there's no signal here on my network, so stay close and let's keep safe."

Chapter 7

On Sunday morning an unpleasant smell of smoke filled the Lodge. The wind had changed in the night. Although the fire in Dakedale Manor was now completely out, there was still plenty of material left to smoulder.
Just a single fire tender remained on the site, presumably in case the fire broke out again in part of the building, although as far as James could see there was nothing much left to burn.
The family assembled at the breakfast table to plan the day, making sure the windows were all firmly shut.
"Are we going to church this morning?" James asked, waiting for his thick piece of toast to go cold, while Jessica buttered hers quickly while it was still warm.
Miss Parkin had let herself in as promised to light the log fire, but of course there was no fresh bread because the bakery was closed. But Mrs Cooper had found the two loaves in the larder, and although they were a day old, they made perfectly good toast.
His father said, "I checked the service times while you were exploring the old railway tunnel yesterday. This church is one of three that are run by the same vicar. Unfortunately there was only one service here today, at eight o'clock this morning."
"We could have gone if you'd told us," Jessica said. "I enjoy going to church on Sunday. I mean it. I really do enjoy it."
"I know you do," Mrs Cooper said. "But you were pretty tired after all the excitement of yesterday, and we let you lie on."
Mr. Cooper laughed. "To be honest, we all wanted to lie on. Anyway, we can go to the next village at eleven, but we've got a better idea."
James and Jessica looked at him, puzzled.
"What do you mean?" James asked, feeling his toast and deciding it was cold enough for butter and marmalade. It would be just how he liked it.
"The small chapel at the end of the High Street has a service of worship at eleven," James's father said. "I met Mr and Mrs Stirling when I went out to stretch my legs while you were exploring the tunnel yesterday. The whole family go there when there isn't a morning service at the local church."
"Really?" James asked in surprise. "Don't people usually go to one or the other?"
His mother laughed. "That's a bit old-fashioned, James. I know there was a time when church and chapel people in a village wouldn't even mix. You were either church or chapel, and that was how it was for life. I'm glad to say that's all in the past. Church, chapel, fellowship hall, most of them work together nowadays, because we can see we're all on the same side. All brothers and sisters in Christ."
"And that's how it should be," James's father added. "So chapel at eleven. Is that all right with you both?"
It was.
"Then you'd better both stay in until we go there. And keep away from the tunnel today," Mrs Cooper said. "Anyway, I can't imagine you'll want to go there again. It's just a big hole through the hill, and you've already seen it once. Surely that's enough. There are plenty of other things to see around here in the fresh air."
James took a deep sniff. "Yuck. Not so fresh in here. I hope the wind changes back to where it was. Quickly. I've had enough of this smoke already."
He thought about what his mother had said. Plenty of other things to see? Just a big hole through the hill? He glanced at Jessica, hoping she wasn't going to mention the iron doors they needed to examine more closely. And they hadn't even managed to reach the far end of the tunnel. There was still plenty to do inside in the dark before they started to explore in the open air.
Jessica looked back at him, obviously hoping he too would stay silent about what they'd found in the tunnel. So they just smiled at each other and nodded.
"Is it all right if we go tomorrow, Dad?" James asked.
"Go where?" his father said.
"The old railway tunnel. You're not listening, Dad."
"I'm not sure about tomorrow, James. I want to get out and explore the Peak District. The Blue John Cavern sounds especially attractive. We can have something to eat while we're there."
"Who's Blue John?" James asked.
"Even I know that," Jessica said. "It's a deep, deep, hole in the ground. And you go down there and get lost forever if the lights go out."
James's father laughed. "Don't take any notice of her, James," he said. "It's part cave and part mine. I know you're not too keen on caves, but this one is perfectly safe."
James nodded. "It's just the thought of being trapped underground that bothers me. Tunnels and show caves are okay. I wouldn't fancy squeezing through tight passages in any old cave in the hills."
"And getting stuck," Jessica added.
James gave a pretend shiver. "No, I certainly never want to get stuck. It’s the thought of tight passages that scares me a bit. Imagine if no one could manage to pull you out."
"It's a shame you feel like that, James, because we're going to explore a really tight cave system on Tuesday," his father said, winking at Jessica. "We have to take our own lights and helmets."
"I'd rather not," James said, not realising his father was joking.
Everyone laughed, and James rolled his eyes when he understood he was being teased. "You can take Jessica," he said. "Anyway, what's this cavern place we're going to tomorrow?"
"It’s near Castleton," his father explained. "It's open to the public, although of course we have to pay to go down it. To tell you the truth, this is something that's going to be the highlight of this holiday for me. I heard about it when I was at school. One of the teachers was from the Peak District, and he made it sound really interesting."
"So it was open to the public in prehistoric times," James said, getting his own back on his father. "That's amazing. If you'd been able to go there when you were at school, I expect you would have had to fight off woolly mammoths."
His father smiled. "The mammoths were safe, but the sabre tooth tigers roaming the area were really dangerous. That's why the school didn't arrange an outing there. Sort of health and safety, even in those days."
"Yes, Dad, life must have been exciting back in those primitive times."
Jessica looked at James, then at his parents. She felt happy inside. It was good to see a family laughing and joking together like this. And she just loved being on holiday with her Uncle Clive, Aunty Amy, and of course James.
"Right," James's mother said, "we've got an hour before we leave for chapel. James is right. Let's hope the wind has turned the other way while we're there, and then we can open the windows and let some fresh air in."
James looked worried. "Miss Parkin said we ought to leave the windows shut for safety. At least, we ought to until Sam Stirling has been caught."
James's mother smiled. "I think she was joking about that."
Mr Cooper shook his head. "Joking? I doubt if Miss Parkin has ever joked about anything in her whole life."

Chapter 8

The chapel service wasn't at all what James had been expecting. He'd thought it was going to be all rather plain and boring. A teenage boy was playing an upright piano when they arrived. He was playing what James recognised as a modern worship song, and playing it remarkably well.
Even though there were ten minutes to go, the small chapel seemed to be almost full. They sat near the back, and while James was praying a short prayer that he would be close to the Lord, and the Holy Spirit would be there with them all, he became aware of a sudden movement and murmuring from the people.
He looked up with interest to see what was happening. A man and a woman, about the same age as his parents, stood in the entrance door. Several people came forward and shook their hands.
"It's Mr and Mrs Stirling, Sam's parents," James's father whispered.
"They seem very popular," Jessica whispered. "I'm glad they've come."
Everyone seemed to be trying to get close to them to say how sorry they were about the loss of the Manor. One or two asked about Sam.
"We can't believe he did it," one elderly woman said, giving Mrs Stirling a hug. "Oh, the poor boy, running off like that. Still no news, I suppose?"
However, James could see that not everyone in the chapel was quite so welcoming. The minister, an older man, was obviously aware of this and he came forward to meet the Stirlings.
"Before we start our worship, Mr Stirling, would you like to say something from the front?" He glanced around the brightly lit chapel. "I think everyone will be able to settle down then," he added, loudly enough for everyone to hear.
The pianist stopped playing, and the chapel went silent.
Sam's father nodded. "Yes, I would certainly appreciate the opportunity to say something, if you think it appropriate."
As the enormous clock on the front of the balcony read eleven o'clock, the minister called everyone to attention, and explained that Mr Stirling had something important to say.
James thought Sam's father looked rather embarrassed as he stood there, fingering his collar as though it was too tight. And yet he'd seemed quite keen to have the opportunity to address the congregation.
"Friends and neighbours," he began, "my wife and I would like to thank you all for the kindness you have shown us over the years, and for the great sympathy you have shown us for the loss of our beautiful home that for more than two hundred years has been the home for generations of the Stirling family, and very much part of the village of Dakedale."
James glanced at Jessica who was sitting next to him, and noticed her eyes were wet. He could feel a bit of a lump in his own throat as well.
A few people murmured in appreciation, and this seemed to give Mr Stirling the confidence to go on. "As I'm sure you all know by now, our son Sam has disappeared. Now, some people," and he emphasised the word, "have been too quick to put the blame on young Sam. It's much too soon to draw any conclusions at this stage."
A bit of a murmur came from one or two people, and it didn't sound particularly friendly.
"Yes," Mr Stirling continued, "there is certainly some evidence that points towards Sam being involved, but please be aware that the police and fire service have not yet finished their investigation. The insurance assessors will start combing through the remains of the Manor tomorrow. We don't know yet what evidence will come to light, pointing in an entirely different direction. So please, my wife and I urge you to keep an open mind at this stage."
James noticed a few people were nodding, but most of them just stared at Mr Stirling as though he was saying something they'd not even considered before.
"I just have one more thing to add," Mr Stirling said, his voice now rather unsteady. "If any of you see Sam, I urge you to bring him to us or to the police, whichever you feel is right. But please do it gently and caringly. Whatever he may, or may not have done, Sam is a very precious boy, and my wife and I love him dearly."
As he returned to his seat, he had a rim of tears in his eyes. James glanced at Mrs Stirling. She held a handkerchief to her eyes, but she caught onto her husband's arm firmly as he sat down.
The minister took his place at the front. "Thank you, Mr Stirling. I know we'll all be praying for you and your family. And now we'll start our worship today with a song we all know and love."
The words came up on a large screen by the side of the minister's platform, and the young pianist struck up the opening notes loudly and confidently.

Chapter 9

Just over an hour later the service was over, and everyone -- it seemed like everyone to James -- was crowded into the small hall at the back of the chapel, drinking coffee and tea, and talking loudly.
Mr and Mrs Stirling were kept busy, thanking well-wishers and sympathisers. Suddenly Mrs Stirling noticed James's mother, and came across to her and introduced herself.
"You must be Mrs Cooper. We met your husband yesterday in the village. I do so hope the smoke isn't causing you any inconvenience," she said.
"That's very kind of you," Mrs Cooper said, "but I'm sure that's the least of your concerns. We're all very comfortable, thank you, but we do feel so sad for you, losing what must have been a lovely old country house. Am I right in thinking it's been in your family since it was first built?"
"Yes," Mrs Stirling said. "It was built by Charles Stirling in 1798. And a Stirling has been in residence here ever since."
Mr Stirling joined them, and soon they were chatting away.
"What are you doing about lunch today?" James's mother asked.
Mr and Mrs Stirling looked at each other. "We're staying at Mrs Bailey's cottage for a few days," Mrs Stirling explained.
"That's what the letting agent told us on our way here yesterday, but it's not fair," Mr Cooper said. "The Lodge is your property. We can find other accommodation for the rest of the week."
Mr Stirling shook his head firmly. "Wouldn't think of it. Absolutely out of the question."
James's mother said they'd move out in the afternoon. Definitely move out, and return home if they couldn't find anywhere else to stay.
Mrs Stirling smiled. "That's so, so, kind of you to think of us like that. But the loss of our home has come as a great shock to us. The guests who were coming after you have cancelled, so the Lodge will be free on Saturday. And that's soon enough for us to start looking after ourselves again."
"I really think it's for the best," Mr Stirling said. "Mrs Bailey is fussing over us, in the nicest way possible. It's like a tonic, she's looking after us so well. She's promised us a roast dinner this evening. One of her famous roasts, I believe."
"That sounds good," Mrs Cooper said. "And lunch?"
Mrs Stirling smiled. "We can't possibly presume on her. Mrs Bailey had no time to get enough food in for the weekend, but I'm sure she'll be able to give us a snack that will see us over until this evening."
"We've got bread," Jessica said, realising the situation. "Plenty of bread. Miss Parkin left two large loaves for us yesterday. A brown and a white. We can't possibly eat it all."
"Jessica," James's mother said, "that's very thoughtful of you, but you can't invite .... Oh! Well, if you don't mind a sort of do-it-yourself lunch, I'm sure we can rustle up something for all of us."
Jessica laughed. "As long as you don't mind mostly bread."
Mrs Bailey had been standing close enough to overhear the conversation. "That's very kind of you," she said. "One of my grandchildren fell down the stairs this morning, and I've promised to go to see him and cheer him up this afternoon. But don't you worry about the roast dinner I've promised for tonight, Mrs Stirling. I'll be back in plenty of time to see to that."
James's mother laughed. "Well, it looks like it’s all fixed up then -- thanks to Jessica! You might as well come along with us now, if that's convenient. You'll have to excuse things being a bit untidy inside." She nodded towards James and Jessica. "Mostly it's their stuff!"
"Mostly it's James's stuff," Jessica corrected her.
It turned out that there was plenty of cold food to go round, and it wasn't all bread!
"I expect you've been down the drive to see what's left of the Manor," Mr Stirling said, taking some cheese from the board that James's mother was offering him. "Thank you. Delicious."
"We're not allowed to go anywhere near it," Jessica said. "Aunty Amy said it's dangerous, and the walls might fall down on us."
"Very sensible," Mr Stirling said. "My wife and I will be walking down there this afternoon, and you're all welcome to come with us. The fire service have pointed out the dangers to us, so we know where it's safe to walk."
"I'm not sure I want to," Jessica said. "Can you pass me the fruit please, Uncle Clive? I find it ever so sad, just looking at the old building from here."
James stretched across the table and helped himself to some cheese biscuits. "I know what Jessica means, but I would like to see it from closer. If that's all right."
He would have to wait a little bit longer to go there. His father told the Stirlings he was making coffee, and invited them into the living room to sit in front of the log fire that Miss Parkin had lit earlier that morning. He watched as his father placed another couple of logs in the hearth.
Mr Stirling explained that the family papers and passports, and a couple of items of valuable family jewellery, were in the fireproof safe which would be recovered as soon as things cooled down. All their computers would have been destroyed, but the files were stored on the cloud, so they weren't quite starting life again from scratch.
Somehow just drinking the coffee seemed to take nearly an hour, but eventually everyone had their coats on, and was making their way down the long, tree-lined drive towards the remains of Dakedale Manor. The police officer keeping guard at the gate, presumably against looters and sightseers, had merely nodded to them as they left the Lodge.
From close up, Jessica thought it looked even more of a disaster than it had from the Lodge. The remains of the roof were hidden by the blackened stone walls of the house, and the gaping holes that had once been windows seemed to be screaming out in pain. She didn't like it at all.
The ground was soaked with water, forming large puddles on the grass from the many hoses that must have been there in the early hours of Saturday morning, as the fire crew tried in vain to save the historic Manor.
"It's not nearly as big as I expected," James said quietly to his father. "I thought it was going to be a huge mansion, like the country estate we visited a few weeks ago. This is more like a large family house."
He hadn't said it quietly enough. Mr. Stirling smiled and came across. "You're absolutely right, James. This was built by John Stirling for his family. The Stirlings have never been a wealthy family, and it's always been big enough for each generation."
James felt embarrassed. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to...." He caught sight of his father's frown. "But I'm sure it was a lovely family house," he said.
"And it will be again," Mr Stirling said.
There was still one fire tender there, and Mr Stirling went across to speak to the two firemen who were keeping watch. He came back frowning.
"They went inside this morning to try to damp down anything that was still smouldering. They are moving out later today, and I'm to phone them if we see any more smoke. Then of course they will be back here immediately."
"You looked worried, dear," Mrs Stirling said. "What else did he say?"
Mr Stirling rubbed his chin and looked at the ruined Manor thoughtfully. "Yesterday I asked them if they would look to see if anything remained of our family silver that was on the mantelpiece and sideboard in the drawing room. The fire was so intense that I didn't think it would have survived undamaged, but I was expecting them to retrieve some melted lumps of silver. And I also wanted them to see if anything at all remained of the paintings."
"And what did he say?"
"He said there wasn't even a scrap of silver. Of course," Mr Stirling said, brightening up, "there might be something when they clear the house. Some of the floor above has fallen, and so has the roof, so it's not possible to see everything properly under all the burnt timber."
"And our paintings?" Mrs Stirling asked.
"Apparently they've found the charred remains of a couple of the large frames, but of course the canvas must have been consumed by the fire. As I imagined it would."
James noticed his father taking an interest in this conversation. "Are you thinking one of the fire crew helped themselves to the melted silver? It would only be scrap, but still valuable of course," his father said.
"Perhaps it was stolen before the fire," James said in excitement. "If all the silver got stolen, then Sam couldn't possibly have done it. Not that he did, anyway," he added, feeling rather embarrassed by the way he'd worded it.
Mr Stirling nodded. "The insurance assessors will be in there tomorrow," he said. "I think we should leave that to them. They are the experts. Now, is there anything else you want to see?"
Jessica said, "Yes please. Can we see the stables where Sam spent the night? There might be some clues there."
"Clues?" James's father said. "Whatever are you expecting to find?"
"Just clues," Jessica said, sounding vague, because she had no idea why she had said it. "Can we see the stables please, Mr Stirling?"
The stables were in an old brick block some distance from the house. They were completely empty, because there were no horses on the estate. Never had been for many years, Mrs Stirling told them.
"It can't have been at all comfortable for Sam in here," Jessica said, looking at the stone floor. "I wonder why he was hiding, anyway."
"He'll be able to tell us as soon as we find him," Mrs Stirling said. She turned to her husband. "Oh, I do feel so worried about our boy. I still can't believe he did it, but why ever did he run away?"

Chapter 10

"There are loads of caves around here," Jessica said, staring out of the back window of the car when they set out the next morning. Miss Parkin had been in long before they woke up, and lit the log fire and left a delicious-smelling large brown loaf on the kitchen table.
"Where are they?" James asked.
"I've been looking at the map," Jessica said. "There's the Peak Cavern, the Speedwell Cavern, and the Treak Cliff Cavern, as well as the Blue John Cavern where we're going now. And I'm sure the hills must be simply riddled with caves that you don't have to pay to go down." She turned to James who had been staring at his phone for the last few minutes. "Are you paying attention, boy?"
"I'm looking at them on here," James said, running his fingers over the screen to enlarge one of the images.
"Not on there," Jessica said, giving him a playful thump on the arm. "Look out of the window and you'll see the real ones."
James's mother turned round. "Quite right, Jessica. James, you can do all the looking at your phone you want -- once we get back to Dakedale. You're supposed to be looking at the scenery now."
James grunted and turned his phone off. He looked out of the window as instructed. Jessica was right. Perhaps he had been missing something. They were in a wide valley, with hills rising on each side. The hills were high and smooth, not like rugged mountains.
"All this area was carved out by melting glaciers after several Ice Ages," Mr Cooper said. Jessica thought her Uncle Clive seemed to know something about everything, wherever they went. "All this limestone was mud at the bottom of the sea once upon a time. Slowly it turned to rock, then continental drift pushed these hills up."
"Are you sure, Dad?" James asked. "I sort of thought these hills were always here."
"I'm only telling you what geologists say. When each Ice Age ended, the melting glaciers cut the hills down to size as they moved along, and trillions of gallons of water from the melting ice forced their way through cracks in the limestone, and made all the caves. It was slightly acid, so it ate into the rock."
"Wow," James said. "Can you remember it?"
His father chose to ignore that question. "Keep an eye open for a sign to the Blue John Cavern."
As they passed through the village of Castleton, Jessica suddenly called out, "There's a shop selling Blue John jewellery! Is that it?"
James's father shook his head. "Blue John is a precious stone they dig out of the Blue John Cavern and the Treak Cliff Cavern. They make it into jewellery, and this is the only place in the whole world where it's found."
"The only place in the whole world?" James asked in amazement. "I like the sound of that. It must be valuable. Will we be able to dig some out for ourselves?"
"As if," Jessica said, rolling her eyes. "What sort of stone is it, Uncle Clive? Is it pretty?"
"It's what they call fluorspar, Jessica," James's father explained. "Although fluorspar is quite a common mineral, it's only here that they find it with a deep purple blue and yellow colour. They have to be careful how they cut it out. If they use explosives, it loses its colour, so it's slow work digging it out by hand."
They left the village of Castleton, and were quickly into a valley with massive rocky outcrops on each side. There seemed to be a small entrance to a cave at the foot of every one. And then almost before they could take it all in, they were in open countryside with shallow hills.
"This is the Hope Valley," Mr Cooper explained.
"As in, you have to hope you don't get stuck down the cave, James," Jessica said. "But you probably will, when all the lights go out."
"I can't get over all these stone walls," James said, ignoring his cousin. "They're everywhere. There must be millions of stones in them. Are they limestone, too?"
"Yes, all cut out of quarries around here. They're known as dry stone walls," Mr Cooper said.
"That's because they're not held together with cement," James said to Jessica. "See, I am paying attention!"
"Anybody would know that," Jessica retorted.
"I've never seen so many stone walls in my life," James said. "Don't they fall down if they're not stuck together?"
"Parts of them do come loose at times," James's father said, "but the landowners know how to maintain them. Now then, we're passing the Speedwell Cavern. There's an underground river that goes down into it. They take you along in a boat as far as the Bottomless Pit. Don't worry about missing a trip down it," he said, hearing a rather agitated noise from James. "It goes all the way through to Australia. When it's very quiet you might be able to hear Australians speaking. Last year a kangaroo jumped out of it into the boat, and sank it."
Jessica rolled her eyes. She knew where James got his sense of humour from.
 "We're in Dakedale for the whole week," her uncle said. "We can come back here another day."
"If you don't get stuck down the Blue John Cavern," Jessica whispered.
"I'm sure I won't," James retorted. "But you'll probably get attacked by a colony of bats. Enormous, hairy bats that will get tangled in your long hair."
His mother heard. "If you're going to be silly, James, it will probably be a good thing if you do get stuck. That will teach you a lesson."
James tutted. "You can't scare me like that. Are there any old bones down there?"
"I think so," James's father said. "Why do you ask?"
"Because Jessica absolutely loves creepy old bones and skeletons," James said. "They will be something for her to play with while I'm getting unstuck."
James's father suddenly slowed down. James looked up in alarm. "What's happened?"
"We've arrived, everyone. Plenty of parking, too. There's a café here. Who wants something to eat and drink before we go underground?"
"When we get back up," Mrs Cooper said.
"If we get back up," Jessica added, nudging James.
"Go and play with some old bones, Jessica," James told her. "I want something to drink now, even if the rest of you don't. And a bun, if they have one."
"Oh look," Jessica said, "it says dogs are welcome. So they'll let you in, James. As long as you behave yourself -- which is highly unlikely. Otherwise I'll bring you a bowl of water to drink outside."
It turned out that everyone was thirsty, and a little bit hungry when they saw the home-made cakes. Once again Jessica shook her head. She had spotted some Blue John jewellery in the small shop.
"Can we look at that now, Aunty Amy? I'd like to take something back for my parents." She remembered the dilemma she'd been in when they were in Cheddar in the summer, wondering if a souvenir of a place would be of any interest to someone who'd never been there. "Not that they've ever been here to the Blue John Cavern, but some of it looks ever so pretty for my mum."
James brushed off the crumbs from his jeans and was quickly on his feet examining one of the showcases. "There's a dragonfly brooch here. Let's see if they've got a spider to go down your neck."
"James," his mother said crossly, "I don't know what's got in to you today. Behave yourself."
"He's always like this, Aunty Amy," Jessica said patiently. "It's all right, I've learned to ignore him. Ow, help!"
James had crept up behind her and tickled the back of her neck with one of the leaflets on display. "Look out, Jessica, there's a spider disappearing down the back of your fleece."
"That's quite enough disturbance from you for one day, James," his father said. "Let's go and see the Cavern, before we're all asked to leave."
It wasn't long before the four of them were lining up with other visitors to be escorted into the depths of the earth, with Jessica eyeing James warily, in anticipation of another trick.
The cold, damp smell coming from the entrance reminded James of their visit to Sheppingford in the summer. He'd enjoyed their trip down one of the Cheddar caves, but he remembered being glad to be back in the safety of the road.
He knew Jessica had already sussed out his queasiness of being underground for too long, but this time he was going to put on a brave face. After all, he asked himself, how many visitors did they lose underground in a year? Don't answer that, he said to himself as he watched his parents and Jessica starting down a shallow flight of stone steps inside the mouth of the cave.
The guide explained that the passageway had been enlarged to allow visitors to get in and out more easily. James nodded. That was good news.
They were then taken through a series of large caverns, some of them with pale blue and white colours from the minerals in the roof and walls.
"This is the frozen waterfall," the guide said.
"Frozen? Is it that cold?" Jessica asked, giving a little shudder.
The people next to her laughed. She laughed too, as though she'd made a deliberate joke. She had to admit to herself that the strange formations covering the far wall did indeed look like a frozen waterfall. The roof of the cavern was a sort of rusty red.
Then followed two more impressive caverns connected by long passages, ending in what the guide called the Variegated Cavern. He explained that it was an amazing 200 feet high, adding for the benefit of some visitors, sixty metres. Although James understood metres perfectly, it somehow didn't sound quite so impressive when expressed like that.
This, they were told, was as far as visitors could go, although experienced cavers could go far beyond this point. James was quite happy to return to the surface and the café, feeling he'd earned a good meal after the visit underground.

Chapter 11

The café was busy, but the family found a table for four, and enjoyed a light lunch. As they drove away, James's father explained that he'd set the satnav to take them back to Dakedale by a roundabout route so they could see a lot more of the Peak District.
James complained that they'd already seen a lot, interesting though it was, and he and Jessica wanted to explore right to the end of the old railway tunnel as soon as they got back. He pointed out that they'd not reached the far end, because they'd promised not to be late back at the Lodge.
James's mother was insistent. They'd come to see the countryside, not the inside of some old tunnel. Eventually they reached a compromise. James and Jessica now knew their way around the village, so they wouldn't have to be back from the tunnel while it was still light.
So everyone was in agreement. They would go for a long drive, and visit the village of Eyam where Mr Cooper said many of the inhabitants had died from the plague.
"Is it safe?" Jessica asked, although she rather assumed that James's parents were unlikely to take them into a disaster zone.
"Have you heard about the Great Plague in London in 1665?" James's father asked.
Jessica said she had sort of heard about it, and James said he hadn't.
"Tell us about it," Jessica said. "It sounds horrible."
James's father nodded as he kept driving. "Bubonic plague. If you caught it, you almost certainly died. Bubonic plague, the Black Death, these were major diseases that killed millions of people in Britain and all over Europe in mediaeval times. You know the nursery rhyme, Ring a Ring o' Roses? That's the plague. When you caught it, you broke out in red rings all over your face. They're the rings of roses. And then you started sneezing."
"And then you fell down dead," James said. "I remember hearing about it now."
"But what about the posies?" Jessica asked.
James's mother turned round. "I think people carried posies of herbs because they thought they would prevent them getting the plague."
"I think they carried them because of the terrible stink in the air," James added.
"Wonderful," Jessica said anxiously. "It sounds like we're going to have a lot of fun when we get there."
"Anyway," Mrs Cooper said, trying to calm things down, "not everyone thinks the rhyme has anything to do with the plague."
"I'm glad to hear it," Jessica said, but she had a feeling that it probably did.
The village of Eyam turned out to be much more cheerful than Jessica was expecting it to be, even though there were rows of cottages with plaques in the gardens, saying exactly who had died in each one at the time of the plague that lasted from 1665 to 1666.
"The rector of Eyam was a wonderful man," James's father explained, as they walked through the village. "The plague was carried here by fleas in a bundle of clothing sent by a tailor in London, where the plague was raging. The rector, the Reverend William Mompesson, and the Reverend Thomas Stanley, realised what was happening when the first people became ill. They got everyone together and told them they had to stay in the village, even if they weren't ill, or they would carry the plague to the villages and towns around."
"How did they get food? Did they all starve to death?" Jessica asked anxiously.
"The two rectors guessed that the plague germs would be killed by vinegar, so the people put the money for their food in bowls of vinegar on the edge of the village, and the traders would leave the food there and take the money."
"Did the rectors die?" Jessica asked. It was all rather gruesome, but she felt fascinated to think she was actually in the village where all this happened. And it being so long ago, sort of made it less upsetting.
James's father shook his head. "No, but Mompesson's wife did. Here's the church. We'll find her grave in the churchyard."
It was an emotional visit, but very much part of the history of the area. James's father explained that the rectors' plan was successful, and the plague didn't spread outside the village of Eyam, although many in the village did die.
"The Revered Mompesson knew that people were passing the plague to each other by being close together," Mr Cooper said, reading the leaflet he'd picked up in the church. "So he closed the church and held the services in the open air in a field. What incredible foresight that man had. There's a map here. We'll go and see the field before we go back."
An hour later, back at the Lodge in the village of Dakedale, everyone felt like having a good rest after experiencing such a mixture of emotions -- from a deep cave to the village tragedy.
Mrs Cooper said there was no way she was going to cook an evening meal after a long day out like that, but she'd bought a couple of large pizzas on the way back, and she popped them into the oven.
"Now, you two," she said when they'd finished eating them, "you can go and explore your railway tunnel, but take your phones. And don't be too late back, or we'll only start worrying."
James decided not to say anything about not getting a signal in the middle of the tunnel. Anyway, they couldn't possibly come to any harm.
He'd eaten more than his share of the pizzas, and had gone on to overfill himself on the local delicacy called Bakewell pudding. This, his mother had explained, was not to be confused with Bakewell tarts.
Apparently, in the 1800s the landlady of the White Horse Inn in the nearby market town of Bakewell had told her cook to make a jam tart. But the cook got muddled up, and put so much almond paste with the eggs, that it set on the top like egg custard. The result was something so gooey and amazing that it was still being baked and eagerly eaten today -- and James said he could absolutely understand why. It was amazing -- even if he had eaten too much of it.
As he reached the top of the railway embankment, he had to stop to get his breath back, and decided that it had perhaps been a bit too amazing, and a bit too delicious. Jessica, who hadn't eaten so much, had got there first.
The entrance to the tunnel didn't look quite so scary today, probably because they had already been halfway through it. And having been down the Blue John Cavern, and survived, James was rather enjoying the adventure.
They could tell when they were halfway through, because the daylight at both ends of the tunnel disappeared, leaving them with only their flashlights to pick their way safely over and between the sleepers, being careful not to trip over the large ballast stones that were everywhere.
They passed the two iron doors, and it took another five minutes before they could see daylight again. At first they could only glimpse it shining off the damp stonework that made up the tunnel wall at the far end. But, as they came further round the bend, there was the complete shape of the end of the tunnel, only a few minutes' walk away.
"I spy with my little eye, something beginning with S-B," James said.
Jessica frowned. "Silly boy?" she suggested.
James shook his head. "Try again."
"So there must be two things beginning with S-B," Jessica said. "There, I can see it. S-B. A signal box. What's that doing here?"
"It's only a single track," James said. "I expect there's a siding a little further along, so trains can pass each other safely. Or rather, could pass each other safely. I wish we could have seen it years ago, when there were steam locomotives running here. This line must be ever so old." He glanced at the time on his phone. "We have enough time to walk further along the line if you like."
He looked around at the countryside. Down to the right was the main road that ran through the village of Dakedale, with a lane leading up to the railway line. To the left, the hill rose steeply. There were gorse bushes and patches of bracken, and in one place a pile of large rocks clung to the hillside. He turned his attention to the signal box, which wasn't far beyond the mouth of the tunnel.
"Let's go and explore it," he suggested. "There might be something interesting to see inside."
Jessica held him back. "James...."
"What? You sound scared."
"I am, a bit. Only I thought...."
"Yes?"
"Only there was a sort of...."
"Come on, now you're scaring me."
Jessica shrugged. "I expect it was nothing. Come on, let's get up these wooden steps and see if the door's unlocked."
The signal box had a brick base, with a wooden top painted cream, although much of the paint had flaked off many years ago. A tall row of small glass panes made up large windows that ran around the sides and the front. Only two of the small glass panes had been broken, so perhaps not many vandals came this way.
The wooden staircase looked safe enough. Gallantly, James went in front.
Looking through the glass panels on the door, James had been hoping to see the levers that operated the signals and the points, and maybe have a go at pulling and pushing them like a real signalman.
He could see where they'd been, but they had all been removed, leaving a jumble of cables and a damaged floor. Presumably they were needed somewhere else, or they were valuable as scrap. This whole room seemed to have been stripped out, apart from a large cupboard by the back wall.
Unsurprisingly, the door was locked. Jessica came to the front and cupped her eyes so she could see inside more clearly. She took a sharp intake of breath. "I can see some food wrappers on the floor. Someone's been in here recently."
James came and took his place beside her. "Someone's in here now," he said. "Look, see those shoes poking out from behind the cupboard? Well, those shoes have got legs in them."
"A body?" Jessica said weakly. "A dead body? That's what I saw in the window as we came out of the tunnel. A ghost."
"It's not dead," James said. "Definitely alive. I saw those legs move. I think we've found Sam Stirling!"

Chapter 12

James started hammering on the door. "Come on, Sam, we know you're in there. Miss Parkin has told us what's happened, about the fire and everything. You can't hide in here forever."
The shoes and the legs stayed still.
Jessica took over. "Miss Parkin said you've found Jesus. Tell us about it," she called through the door. Surely that would get some reaction.
Still no movement.
"We're staying at the Lodge," James shouted. "Maybe we can help you."
The shoes and the legs stayed still, but a voice called out, "Go away. No one can help me now. People are saying I've done the most terrible thing anyone could ever do."
"Open the door, now," James called out, trying to sound firm, but he doubted it would do any good.
He was wrong. The shoes and legs shuffled backwards, followed by a boy wearing a dark blue dressing gown and green pyjamas.
Trying to hide his surprise, James pointed to the handle of the door. "Open it," he said.
"Please," the boy called through the glass. "Say open it, please."
That made James and Jessica smile.
"Open it, please," James said, amused that a boy wearing a dressing gown and pyjamas in a signal box in the middle of nowhere, was giving him a lesson in politeness!
There was no key, but the boy undid a bolt at the top and bottom of the door. Clearly he'd been intending to defend himself to the very end. He pulled the door open.
"I'm Sam Stirling, but I don't know who you are," he said. "There's some cord over there."
"Cord?" Jessica asked in surprise.
"To tie me up with," the boy said. "That's why you're here isn't it? You've come to take me to the police. There's probably a big reward for my capture."
James wasn't sure what to make of Sam. From what Miss Parkin had been saying, this boy had burnt down Dakedale Manor and then run away after being discovered covered in petrol. Whether there was a reward or not, James knew they had to do their best to get him back to the Lodge, rather than to the police, where his parents would know what to do.
While James stayed silent, Jessica stepped in with a blunt question. "Sam Stirling, did you burn down Dakedale Manor on Friday night?"
"Do you think I'm crazy?" Sam asked.
James decided that if Sam had indeed burnt down the house, then he probably was crazy. And if he was crazy, he might also be dangerous. Perhaps tying Sam up with the cord would be a sensible move!
"I asked if you'd burnt down Dakedale Manor," Jessica said, sounding remarkably calm in the presence of what could be a dangerous fire maniac.
Sam nodded. "Yes, I tipped all over the house, and then I lit it. Does that satisfy you?"
"Really?" Jessica asked in astonishment.
"No of course I didn't," Sam shouted. He put his hands each side of his head. "Not unless I've gone completely doolally. And what was it you said about Jesus just now?"
"Well...." Jessica turned away from where she had been looking out of the window at the rail track. "Miss Parkin said you read your Bible and you pray, and you've found Jesus. Is that right?"
Sam shook his head. "I read my Bible and I pray, but I haven't found Jesus," he said firmly
James felt an immediate disappointment. He'd been hoping that Sam shared the faith he and Jessica had, but perhaps he'd been expecting too much. After all, Sam had just burnt down the family home that was over 200 years old.
Sam smiled. "You've got it the wrong way round. I didn't find Jesus -- Jesus found me!"
Jessica and James went over and put their arms round him.
Sam looked at them in surprise. "Do you know Jesus too?"
"We certainly do," James said. "I only asked Jesus into my life a few months ago, because I realised I couldn't work my way to heaven by being perfect. So instead of trying hard to earn a place in heaven, I've trusted Jesus to be my Saviour."
"That sounds like my story," Sam said, smiling. "We were in Dakedale Chapel one Sunday, and the minister said, 'It's often hard for children of Christian parents to find Jesus, because they either think they don't need to do it for themselves, or they don't want to admit they haven't found Jesus."
"That's exactly how I felt," James said. "I didn't want to admit it, not even to myself."
"Same here," Sam said. "The minister was telling us the parable of the lost sheep that Jesus went to find. Then he read out some words of Jesus from John's Gospel. 'I am the way, and the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.' And it was like Jesus said to me, 'Sam, I've come here to find you. You've been trying to get to God by yourself. You have to come through me.'" He gave a broad smile. "And I did! Jesus has promised he will never turn anyone away."
"That's a bit like me," Jessica said. "I took that step a few years ago when I was really young. So now you know we're all brothers and sisters in Christ. All members of God's family. So please tell us the absolute truth, Sam. Did you set fire to Dakedale Manor?"
Sam sat down on the only seat in the signal box. It was more like a high stool than a chair, presumably so the signalman could keep watch out of all the windows that ran around the front and the sides of the box. He pulled his dressing gown tightly around himself and began to cry.
"What do you want me to do?" he sobbed. "Do you have a Bible I can swear on?"
Jessica shook her head. "I've got a Bible on my phone, but that won't be necessary. Jesus said there's no need for his followers to swear on anything. A yes or no is good enough. So, Sam, please tell us: did you set light to the house?"
"I don't know, and that's the truth."
James nodded. "Perhaps you didn't know what you were doing in the middle of the night. I hear you walk in your sleep."
Sam wiped his eyes. "Who told you that?" He sounded annoyed.
"Miss Parkin," Jessica said.
"Oh, her! She doesn't like me. She came into my bedroom one morning when I was reading my Bible and praying quietly. I tried to tell her about Jesus, and she didn't like it. Said that sort of thing would turn my head all funny."
Jessica put her arm on Sam's shoulder. "So you don't sleepwalk?"
"I used to," Sam said. "I was being bullied at school by a much bigger boy. He used to hit me around whenever he could catch me, and somehow I was too ashamed to tell anyone. Isn't that stupid? Anyway, I told my parents in the end, and they dealt with it. Things are okay now. My mother and father were really good about it. They're Christians too."
James felt that whatever he said next, it would probably be the wrong thing, but he'd have a go. "Perhaps you've started sleepwalking again. Is there anything that's been upsetting you lately?"
Sam shook his head. "Nothing I can think of. I know God has forgiven all my past, and I'm safe with him for eternity." He smiled through tear-stained eyes. "And you can't get a better feeling than knowing that."
James and Jessica joined in his smile. "You're right," James said. "But is it true that you woke up in the stables with petrol on your clothes, and a lighter in your pocket?"
Sam nodded. "That's what makes me think I might have done it. I might be going doolally, as they say round here. That's crazy to you."
"I know what it means," Jessica said. "Loopy. So why did you run away?"
"The petrol was burning my skin. My parents had gone to Stratford-upon-Avon for the weekend, and Miss Parkin got a phone call to go to Buxton where her sister was in hospital. So there was no one to help me. The police officer who found me took me to the lady we know in the cottage across the road. That's Mrs Bailey. She said I needed to have a shower straight away. The only clothes that would fit me were these pyjamas and dressing gown that her son had when he was my age. While I was having my shower I realised that my only hope was to run away and hide until the police found out who really had started the fire."
James wondered how to say it gently. "Sam," he said at last, "you've done the daftest thing possible, if you don't mind me saying so. What on earth makes you think the police are going to look for someone else when everything points to your guilt, because you've disappeared?"
Sam jumped off the stool and made for the door, but James was too quick and blocked the way.
"Sam," James said, holding him firmly, "you're only going to make things worse for yourself if you run away again now."
"I'm afraid to go and see my parents. I guess they're back from Stratford-upon-Avon by now, but I don't know where they're staying."
Jessica said, "They're staying in Mrs Bailey's cottage where you had your shower." 
"Yes, the shower." Sam took a deep breath. "While I was having my shower, I was really, really frightened that my father would think I'd done it. I found a suitcase under one of the beds, put some food in it from the kitchen when no one was looking, and made my way through the tunnel to hide here. Don't worry about me." He pointed to a small brown case. "I've got enough food in there to last me for a few days -- until the police catch whoever it was that set fire to the Manor."
Jessica came across to where James was blocking Sam's escape. She looked him in the eyes. "Sam, Sam," she said urgently, "you have to give yourself up. I'm staying here in Dakedale in the Lodge with James and his parents. If you don't want to see your father just yet, let's try and get you back to the Lodge without anyone seeing. James's parents can decide what to do. They're really nice. And they're ever so sensible. I know they'll listen to you, and won't do anything in a hurry."

Chapter 13

Sam gave a long sigh and seemed to give in, but James wasn't prepared to trust him. He picked up the length of cord.
"What's that for?" Sam demanded. "I've changed my mind. I'm not going to let you tie me up. I don't even know who you are. You come in here, accusing me of setting fire to my house, and now you're trying to take me prisoner after all."
Jessica was trying to calm things down. "I'm Jessica Green," she explained. "This is James Cooper. We're cousins. We arrived at the Lodge on Saturday afternoon to stay for the half term. We didn't set out to look for you, and we haven't accused you of anything. We're certainly not going to tie you up."
"It's for your own good," James said, still holding the cord. "For your own sake, you mustn't run away. Running away makes you look guilty. Let Jessica tie the cord to your wrist and the other end to mine, while we take you to see my parents. They can decide what we do next. Okay?"
Jessica shook her head. "That's not fair, James. Sam, if your yes is yes, and your no is no, without swearing on the Bible, will you come with us to the Lodge, and do you promise not to run away?"
Sam looked exhausted. "Yes, I'll come with you to see James's parents. And I won't try to run away. There, is that enough?"
Sam threw the cord back into the corner of the signal box where he'd found it. "Come on, let's get going. And you'd better bring that suitcase. You can give it back to Mrs Bailey later."
He opened the door to the signal box, checked that no one was in sight, and led the way down the wooden steps. The three made their way quickly to the entrance of the tunnel.
The Two Jays switched on their bright flashlights and shone them ahead. "You need to be careful not to twist your ankle," Jessica said.
Sam gave a laugh, the first one they'd heard from him. "Don't you worry about me. I know this place like the back of my hand." As he said it, he stumbled and fell against James.
"Serves me right," he said. "Pride goes before a fall. Book of Proverbs, but I don't know the chapter." He laughed again, but it wasn't a very cheerful laugh.
"Where did this line go?" James asked as they came to the centre of the tunnel, with blackness in front of them and behind.
"It was used until quite recently," Sam explained. "I can remember climbing up the embankment to watch goods trains on it when I was small. Diesel locomotives of course, not steam. I've never seen steam locomotives here in my life. I don't think it was ever a line for passengers. Not in recent times, anyway. There's a large quarry and a mineral mine not far away. It's completely closed down now. The other end of the line used to run right down to the Midlands, but there wasn't enough trade to keep it open. It won't be long before they rip this track up, and probably seal the entrances to the tunnel."
Jessica swung her flashlight behind them and then in front. "Just think of all the trains that must have run through here over the past hundred years or more."
James caught hold of her shoulder. "Thousands of trains. Listen, is that one of them coming now?"
Just for a moment Jessica let out a little squeal, but she quickly recovered and gave James a gentle punch on the arm. "Don't say things like that," she said.
Sam caught hold of James's flashlight and shone it on one of the iron doors. "That's strange."
"What's strange? We saw these when we were here just now. There's another door on the other side."
Sam handed the flashlight back to James. "I know that," he said patiently. "I've been in this tunnel loads of times. I sort of think of it as my own, although of course I'm not the only one who comes here. The last time I came through here with a flashlight was about a week ago, and there were two railway sleepers resting against the bottom of this door. When I was trying to feel through with the suitcase on Saturday morning after the fire, I didn't have a light, so I don't know when they were moved. "
"You're right," Jessica said. "There are some marks in the dirt where they were. See?"
"Anyway, what's behind these doors?" James asked.
"Nothing at all," Sam said. "Well, nothing interesting."
James felt intrigued. "How do you know?"
"I've looked inside them," Sam said, shrugging his shoulders. "A man in the village called John Thornton showed a group of us kids inside this door once. I think he wanted to scare us, but there was nothing to see."
"Nothing?" James couldn't believe there was nothing at all inside.
"We were excited and scared at the same time, expecting to find skeletons and treasure and things." Sam shook his head. "The same key fitted the other door, and all we could see was a large cavern. Somebody mentioned ghosts, and we were so scared that all we wanted to do was get out of the tunnel quickly."
"I'd like to look inside both of them," James said, looking at Jessica. She nodded in confirmation. "Do you think John Thornton would let us borrow the key?"
"He left the village about a year ago. Went down south somewhere. I've no idea what he did with the key." Sam looked thoughtful. "Both store rooms must have been cleared out when they closed the line."
"I'd still like to have a look inside. I've become interested in caves now," James said. "This might turn out to be an amazing show cave that people would pay to come to see in their thousands."
Sam turned to James. "You've sort of got me interested, too." He sighed. "I wish we'd taken more time to look around. Oh well, it's a bit late now. John Thornton's left the village. A few of the local kids have tried to push the doors open since then, but no one seems that bothered about looking."
"So who moved these two sleepers?" Jessica asked. "It seems to me that there might be something interesting in there now, and someone's been inside the door recently and moved the sleepers out of the way so they can get in."
It looked as though the doors opened inwards. That made sense. The doors were large, and James could see that if they opened outwards they would be in the way of an oncoming train.
Sam helped him push both doors, but they stayed firmly closed. They even put their fingers round the edges, and tried pulling, just in case that helped. It didn't do any good.
"They're both locked," James said to Jessica. "We can rattle them backwards and forwards a bit, so it's not as though they're too stiff to open."
Sam stood back and shone James's flashlight on the ground again. "I know for sure there were two railway sleepers resting against this door last time I came with a light," he said again. "It's probably not important. Just some kids from the village messing about. Quite a few of us mess around in this tunnel. John Thornton said it's haunted. A lot of nonsense, but some of the little ones are too terrified to come in here on their own."
James felt puzzled. "If I lived in Dakedale, trying to get through these iron doors would be the first thing I'd do." 
"That's because you're nosey, James," Jessica said. "Don't forget, curiosity killed the cat. It might be better not to know what's in there."
Sam Stirling gave a shrug. "If you really want to look inside, perhaps we could break them down."
"Or find the key," James said.
Jessica moved on ahead. "Come on, hurry up. Never mind about breaking down doors. We have to get Sam to the Lodge." She sounded impatient.
But Sam held back. "Give me your flashlight again, James. I'd never thought about finding a key for them." He studied the keyhole. "Quite a large key. You remember how I had to hide behind the cupboard when I saw you coming towards the signal box?"
"You scared me, looking out of the window in your dressing gown," Jessica said.
Sam smiled. "Sorry. Well, there's a hook on the end of the cupboard with a large old-fashioned iron key hanging on it. I didn't take any notice at the time, because I was trying to hide from you." He pulled a face. "I didn't know you were coming to help me. Sorry about that."
"A key? Let's go and get it," James said excitedly.
Jessica caught hold of their arms and pulled them towards the way out of the tunnel, towards the village of Dakedale. "Okay, I feel a bit like a curious cat myself! We'll definitely come back to the signal box and get the key. But not now," she said firmly. "We have to try and get Sam into the Lodge without anyone seeing. Your parents will know what to do next, James."
As they made their way towards the mouth of the tunnel, Jessica was a little way ahead. She turned round and shone her flashlight into the darkness. "Don't worry, we'll be back," she called.
James wasn't sure if she was talking to Sam, to him, or to the two doors!

Chapter 14

At the mouth of the railway tunnel they stopped. There was still some daylight left, but it would soon be dark. James hoped his parents would listen to Sam's side of the story before taking him straight to the police.
Sam seemed reluctant to go any further. "If anyone sees me now, I'm in trouble," he said. "Everyone in the village will know the police are looking for me. How about you get your parents to come here, James? They can bring some of your clothes for me. I don't want anyone seeing me like this."
James nodded. That seemed a really sensible idea. "We're about the same size, Sam. I've got a jacket with a hood. It will be dark soon. You can put the hood up so no one will recognise you. We'll all go back to the Lodge like one big, happy family."
"Happy?" Sam shook his head. "How can I be happy? My family home has been burnt to the ground. Life is never going to be the same." And he began to cry again. "Where was God when the fire started? That's what I'd like to know!"
"Let's pray about it," Jessica said. "I'm sorry, we should have done that earlier."
Without waiting for either James or Sam to say anything, she said a short prayer asking God, in Jesus’ name, for his comfort and guidance over what was happening. She felt relieved to hear Sam offer a loud Amen.
"Make sure you stay here inside the tunnel," James said, for he still had some doubts about Sam's innocence, even though he felt ashamed for thinking it.
"I'm not going to run away again," Sam said. He smiled through his tears. "And that's the word of a real Christian."
"That's good enough for me," Jessica told him. "Come on, James, let's go and get your parents -- and some clothes for you, Sam. You're right, you can't be seen wearing pyjamas and a dressing gown in the road." And she had to hide a smile.
Five minutes later she and James arrived breathless at Dakedale Lodge. Fortunately James's parents were in.
"Dad, you've got to listen to us," James panted, out of breath because they'd run all the way from the tunnel.
"Whatever is the matter with you two?" his mother asked.
"Mum, Dad, we've found Sam Stirling."
His father looked round into the hallway. "Sam? Is he here with you?"
James shook his head.
Jessica said, "We left him hiding inside the railway tunnel."
"You've left him there?" Mr Cooper said. He jumped to his feet. "I'd better go and tell the police officer. Sam has got a lot of questions to answer."
"Why did you leave him?" Mrs Cooper asked in surprise. "Was he fighting with you?"
"He didn't do it, Uncle Clive," Jessica said. She turned to Mrs Cooper. "Honestly, Aunty Amy, he didn't do it."
"How can you be so sure?" James's father asked.
Jessica bit her bottom lip. Then she said, "Because he says he didn't."
James's father gave a hollow laugh. "That's all right then."
"You don't mean it, do you, Dad?" James asked.
"I most certainly don't. I suppose Sam has a perfectly good explanation for why his clothes had petrol on them, and why he had a lighter in his pocket ?"
James and Jessica shook their heads.
"He doesn't know how it happened," James said.
His father sounded quite agitated. "And then there's the phone Sam used to make the phone call to Miss Parkin, to say her sister was seriously injured and in the hospital in Buxton. No one does things like that when they're sleepwalking. It has to be deliberate. Sam Stirling has hoodwinked you, James. How can you possibly believe he's innocent?"
"He's a Christian, Uncle Clive," Jessica said quietly. "That's why we believe him."
James's father didn't seem convinced. He shook his head slowly. "Miss Parkin said something about Sam reading his Bible and praying. Is that what you're thinking about?"
"No, Dad," James said. "He told us himself that he's given his life to Jesus."
"Sometimes people say they're a Christian in order to get out of trouble," Mr Cooper warned.
"I think Sam means it, and he didn't do it," Jessica said.
"And what do you think, James?" his mother asked.
James hesitated for a moment. "I think he probably didn't do it, Mum."
"Only probably?"
"I just don't know, Mum. Whatever, I'm giving him the benefit of the doubt. So let's look out some of my clothes, and you're all to come up to the tunnel so we can walk back here in a group, as though we're all one family. Then no one will realise it's Sam with us, as long as he keeps the hood up on my jacket."
Jessica went to the window. "It will be properly dark soon, so that's even better. Come on, Uncle Clive and Aunty Amy, you absolutely have to help Sam."
James's father looked serious. "We can't hide Sam here, that's definite. If the police are looking for him to answer questions, we'll be committing an offence. And why have you come to us and not straight to Sam's parents? He should be with them. We ought not to be mixed up in this at all. Do you understand?"
"Uncle Clive, please, please. I'm sure Sam didn't set light to the Manor. And he's going to need all the support we can give him."
James's father took a deep breath. "You heard what Miss Parkin said. The house was locked when she left, and the alarm was set on the doors and windows. So no one could have broken in without triggering the alarm in the police station. And who disabled the outside security cameras? Just that on its own is enough to make Sam Stirling guilty, without him having petrol on his clothes, and a lighter in his pocket."
"And he walks in his sleep," James's mother added. "So he may not be guilty of doing it deliberately, although the fake phone call does rather go against the sleepwalking theory. You have to face the facts, Jessica. That boy must have done it."
"Aunty Amy, you and Uncle Clive have to help him, whether you think he's guilty or not. We promised you would."
 James's mother stood up. "Of course we'll help. Let's all go and take him some of James's clothes, and then we'll go with him to Mrs Bailey's cottage and leave it to Mr and Mrs Stirling and the police to decide what happens next. His parents are worried sick about him, so let's not keep him away from them any longer. He's been missing for two days now. "
Ten minutes later, with a backpack full of James's warm clothing, including the jacket with a hood, James led the way up the embankment and onto the railway track that led to the tunnel.
"Where is he?" James's father asked, looking both ways along the track.
"He's hiding just inside the tunnel," James said. "Or at least he should be, if he can be trusted. That's what he promised."
It was almost dark by this time, but they didn't use the flashlights they'd brought, so as not to attract attention.
As they reached the entrance to the railway tunnel, Jessica called out, "Sam!"
There was no reply.
"We should have guessed," James said as he shone the bright flashlight into the darkness, showing an empty tunnel. "So much for his promise."
"I'm over here," a voice called from a large gorse bush.
Sam emerged from behind the dense bush in his pyjamas and dressing gown. Jessica almost laughed out loud at the ridiculous sight as James's father shone the flashlight on him, but she stayed serious.
James now felt thoroughly ashamed of his doubts about Sam not waiting for them to come back. "What were you doing there? You were supposed to be waiting for us in the tunnel." He wasn't going to say anything more.
Sam nodded to James's parents. "I wanted to be sure it was you before I showed myself. I thought I was safer behind the gorse bush. There's nowhere to hide inside the tunnel if people are coming to look for me. No one could see me hiding behind the bush."
"Well we certainly couldn't," Jessica agreed.
Sam Stirling went into the privacy of the tunnel to change into James's clothing, and soon emerged fully dressed, carrying the suitcase that contained his dressing gown and pyjamas, as well as a selection of uneaten food he'd taken from Mrs Bailey's kitchen.
"So what happens now?" he asked.
Mr Cooper took charge of the situation. "We go down to Mrs Bailey's cottage which is where your parents are staying, and hope they are there. If they're not, we'll wait with you until they return. You can't hide away for ever, Sam. We met them yesterday. All they want to do is to see that you're safe. I'm sure they'll be understanding."
Sam nodded. "They will be, as long as you all come with me. I've not seen them yet. By the time they must have got back from Stratford-upon-Avon, I was hiding up in the signal box." He shook his head. "I should have gone straight to them, but I knew that with all that petrol on me and a lighter in my pocket, things might get difficult."
"Running away didn't exactly help," Mrs Cooper said.
Jessica held her aunt's hand. "Sam was hoping the police would find whoever was guilty while he was gone. We've already told him that was daft."
"It certainly was," James's father said. "Anyway, we've talked long enough. Let's go down to Mrs Bailey and take it from there."
They walked in a group down the lane, passing the cottage where Miss Parkin said she was staying. Fortunately Sam's parents were with Mrs Bailey.

Chapter 15

Mrs Bailey took the suitcase from Sam and left the room, presumably to give both families some time alone. Or, James wondered, maybe she was going to restock her larder with the missing food!
Sam sat on a small floral sofa between his mother and father, looking surprisingly relaxed as he explained why he had run away.
"But it's not just about the house we've lost," Sam's mother said. "The insurance will enable us to get it rebuilt, sad though it is to lose such an old building. But it's the loss of the family paintings, especially your grandfather's portrait from 1703."
"Great, great, great, great, great grandfather," Sam said, counting on his fingers, "Something like that, anyway."
His mother ignored him. "There were three valuable paintings by famous artists," she explained to Mr and Mrs Cooper. "They will have been totally destroyed in the fire. I'm going to miss them, but they didn't have any family connection, so it's not so sad. But there's all the family silver and jewellery, some of it going all the way back to that period. The insurance will pay out for its value, but to our family it was priceless." She turned to Sam. "I hope you understand."
"But at least we're all safe," Sam said quietly.
Mrs Stirling gave him a hug. "Yes, we're grateful to God for that. When the police phoned us about the fire, they said you were missing, and of course we feared the worst." She held Sam in the hug. "Portraits and the family silver aren't nearly as important as you. After all, we won't be taking all our family treasures with us to heaven. So that really puts things into perspective."
"Thanks, Mum," Sam said. "Have I been sleepwalking lately?"
Both his parents shook their heads. "Why are you asking?" Sam's father asked.
"Well, James and Jessica said Miss Parkin told them I still do."
Mrs Stirling shook her head. "I think we'd know if you did. Phyllis Parkin is wrong. Anyway, how would she know?"
Sam didn't seem to be expecting that answer. "If I'm guilty, sleepwalking might have been the reason." A look of relief spread over his face. "So that means I didn't do it. Definitely didn't do it. I'd know if I'd splashed petrol all over the house. I mean, why would I do such a thing?"
His father took hold of Sam's hand. "That's what your mother and I have been asking ourselves ever since the police put the blame on you. And quite honestly we can't believe you did do it. And that's what we're going to tell the police. I'm going to invite them to come here now. Whatever they say to you, you're not to worry."
Sam nodded. "I don't think I am worried any more," he said. "Not since James and Jessica prayed with me about it. I'd been praying for help on my own, but it's better when two or three do it. And that's what Jesus said."
Sam's father looked up at James and then at Jessica, almost in surprise. "Then you two are both Christians?"
"We all are," Mr Cooper said. "James is the newest, but he's also one of the wisest."
"It was Jessica who thought of praying," James said. "So I don't think I'm all that wise."
James's father turned to Mr Stirling. "Would you like to lead us in prayer before you contact the police?"
Before Sam's father could answer, Sam said, "Let me do it. I'm the one in trouble."
James looked at Sam in surprise. Recently he'd summoned up the courage to pray out loud in the young people's meeting after church. Just twice so far, and never in front of grown-ups like this.
Everyone bowed their heads.
"Dear Lord Jesus," Sam said confidently, "if I didn't do it in my sleep, then you know I didn't do it. Please let the police catch----"
The doorbell rang loudly, making everyone jump. James thought that perhaps Mrs Bailey, being elderly, had a hearing problem and had an extra loud bell on her front door.
Although Sam had stopped in the middle of his prayer, everyone said Amen. There were voices in the hall and then Miss Parkin led the way into the room, followed by two police officers, a man and a woman.
"There he is," she said, pointing a thin finger at Sam. "I saw them, slinking past my cottage with Sam Stirling, trying not to be seen. There's the boy who burnt down the lovely Manor and caused his parents so much grief."
"Now just a moment," Mr Stirling said, "there is nothing proven yet, and Sam categorically denies it."
"Nothing proven?" Miss Parkin said. "Huh! No proof at all, apart from the petrol on his clothes and a lighter in his pocket. I can't think whatever came over...."
She stopped as the woman police officer came forward. "Sam Stirling," she said, "you need to come with us to the police station to answer some questions concerning the fire in Dakedale Manor on Friday night."
Sam stood up. "I want my mum and dad to come with me. And for the record, I didn't do it."
Miss Parkin made a sound of disgust, and Sam's father assured his son that of course they would be with him all the time, and he was already in contact with the family lawyer. He would ask her to meet them at the police station before any questioning began."
Miss Parkin wasn't finished yet. "A bad lot, that boy is. He's brought shame and grief to his parents, and is a disgrace to the whole village."
"That's enough, Phyllis," Mrs Stirling said. "I can't think what's come over you."
But Miss Parkin was not to be silenced. "Reading his Bible and praying. Pretending to be ever so holy. Well, he's not fooling me, and he won't be fooling the police. That's what I say. All that religion has probably turned him funny in the head."
"Phyllis," Mr Stirling said angrily, "you've said more than enough. Much more than enough. I know we're all upset by the fire, but no one lost their life, and for that we should be grateful to God."
"Well, Mr Stirling, it's not as simple as that. I've lost all my possessions in that fire. Some of them were valuable, as you well know. You asked me to list all my valuables when I came to work for you. I'm going to want full compensation."
"The insurance company will sort that out, Phyllis. In the meantime, a representative from the insurance company has already contacted me. They're making an immediate payment for the replacement of necessary clothes for all of us. The final settlement will of course take some time. I still have my phone, and I'll make a transfer of funds to your account immediately. Do you have anywhere to stay in the meantime?"
"There's my sister in Buxton." Miss Parkin pointed to Sam. "She's the one this boy, yes this boy, let me think had been in a serious accident. I'm never going to forgive him for that. I'm giving in my notice now, Mr Stirling. I won't be working for you and Mrs Stirling any longer. There's no way I'd stay in a house with this dangerous son of yours. I'm telling you that straight."
"I'm sorry you feel like that, Phyllis," Mrs Stirling said, "but in the circumstances perhaps it's all for the best. Whether Sam is guilty or not -- and my husband and I don't believe he is, even for one minute -- we have to put him first. He is after all our son. I'd like you to leave the room now."
Miss Parkin turned to James's mother. "I'm sorry to be leaving you like this, Mrs Cooper. I'll stay here in the village for one more night, and see to your log fire first thing in the morning as usual, and leave you the loaf of brown bread as I promised. And then I'll be off to my sister in Buxton. I hope you understand."
The two police officers had been listening patiently up until now, but the woman officer coughed loudly to remind everyone that they were present.
She said, "Come on, Sam, it's time we were going. And you as well, Mr and Mrs Stirling." She looked at the four visitors. "You can go back to the Lodge now. I understand you arrived in Dakedale after the fire started, so you will have no information that will help us in our investigation."
"But we know----" Whatever it was that James knew, he wasn't going to say. Yes, he was. It needed saying. "We know Sam is innocent."
Miss Parkin, who hadn't taken the hint to leave, went "Huh" again, and said, "And I suppose you have proof, young lad."
"Not yet, Miss Parkin, not yet," James said.
"Not ever," Miss Parkin snapped.
"Not yet," James repeated. "But we're going to prove that Sam is innocent."
"Yes, we are," Jessica added. "Soon. Very soon. Before we go home. And we'll also find out who burnt down Dakedale Manor!"

Chapter 16

James and Jessica were too wound up that night to feel sleepy, and James guessed his parents felt the same way.
"Can we go and see Sam in the morning?" James asked.
"If he's not still locked up," Jessica added.
James's mother gave a long sigh. "They don't lock up eleven-year-old boys," she said gently. "They will have taken a statement from him, in the presence of the family lawyer and his parents. He'll be back now with them at Mrs Bailey's."
They were all sitting round the large pine kitchen table, where they'd been for the past hour, discussing Sam and the fire.
"I don't like Miss Parkin at all," James said. "Perhaps she did it."
Mr Cooper shook his head. "I've been speaking to the police officer who's keeping people away from the Manor. He says the fire service have concrete evidence that a fire accelerant was used throughout the house. In this case, that means petrol. So if Sam is innocent, he has to account for the petrol soaking through his clothing when he was found. And for the lighter in his pocket. And that's only some of the things that make him look guilty. So you can see why the police think he did it."
"I don't think Sam did it. I think it was Miss Parkin," Jessica said. "It's obvious she doesn't like Sam."
James's father shook his head. "Not liking someone doesn't make them guilty. Yes, Miss Parkin really seems to have a knife into young Sam, but she's completely in the clear. She received a phone call on the unregistered mobile phone that was found in Sam's pocket. Whoa, hold on a minute, Jessica."
Jessica had banged her fist on the table in frustration. "Jessica, there's no doubt that it's the phone that was used to make the call to Miss Parkin, and Sam's fingerprints are on it. The telephone company has confirmed that the call was made from that phone either inside or very close to Dakedale Manor, and definitely not from Buxton."
James nodded. "Which makes Sam one hundred percent guilty -- except he didn't do it. So how does that work?"
"That's what we're going to find out," Jessica said.
James's mother smiled. "You're both so full of youthful enthusiasm, but you don't realise just how much evidence there is against Sam. Miss Parkin received the phone call, which she was told was from a hospital in Buxton, to say that her sister had been involved in a serious accident."
"But she hadn't been in an accident?" James protested. "Perhaps Miss Parkin is making it all up."
His father shook his head. "The police say Miss Parkin arrived at the hospital four hours before the fire was reported. Buxton is several miles away."
"Then she came back and lit the fire," James said.
Again his father shook his head. "The hospital staff say Miss Parkin was so upset that they had to let her stay there for the rest of the night. So there's no way she could have been involved."
Jessica stood up suddenly. "Then who else could it be? Other than Sam, of course."
Mrs Cooper stood up as well. She looked at the kitchen clock. "It's nearly eleven o'clock now, and time we were all in bed. There's been a lot of drama and upset today. Let's all say goodnight, and we'll talk about this again in the morning. And who knows, the police may have found the real culprit by then."
James let out a loud yawn. "Then does everyone agree with me that Sam is innocent?"
One by one everyone in the kitchen said they did.
James nodded. "That's good. Tomorrow Jessica and I are going to find the person who set fire to Dakedale Manor. Come on, Jessica -- bed. We'll start our investigation first thing in the morning!"

Chapter 17

James felt he'd been trying to work out clues all night, and getting nowhere, and suddenly Jessica was pulling at his bedclothes.
"Shhh." She put her hand over his mouth. "I think I've got the answer. It came to me a few minutes ago. The key."
"The key?"
"Yes, the key is the key. Or it could be the key."
"Please go back to bed, Jessica. You're talking nonsense. I know a key is a key. And a bed is a bed. And I want to stay here in mine a bit longer. I think I was awake nearly the whole night."
But Jessica wasn't to be silenced. "And I was awake for the whole night. And that's when I thought about the key."
"Yes, you've already told me about the key. The key to the key. Just go away." Even as he said it, he realised what Jessica was talking about. "The key in the signal box, you mean?"
"Yes, let's go now and see if it fits the iron doors in the old tunnel."
"We've already decided to do that." James gave a long, deliberate yawn. "Why the rush?"
"If you removed lots of valuables from Dakedale Manor before setting fire to it, where would you hide everything if you wanted to hide it quickly?"
"So you think Mr Stirling was right, and that's why the firemen couldn't find any melted silver?"
"Yes."
James hauled himself up in bed and rubbed his eyes. "Okay, what are we going to do about it?"
"We're going to get the key from the signal box, try to open the iron doors, and see if the treasures from Dakedale Manor are in there."
James gave a long yawn. "What time is it? It's still dark outside."
"Half past five.  Now get up," Jessica whispered urgently. "And don't make any noise."
James nodded. "Okay, let's go. There's no need to disturb my parents. We can be there and back well before breakfast."
Jessica shook her head. "They might worry about us if they find our beds empty. I've already written them a note to say we're going to explore the old railway tunnel again. I didn't say anything about the key and the iron doors, just that we were going through the tunnel. There won't be any danger, anyway. I've got my phone, and don't forget yours."
James gave a loud yawn, and hastily stifled it. "Phone and flashlights. That's good. Nothing can possibly go wrong." Then he added, "Can it?"
Within ten minutes James was dressed, the note had been left on the kitchen table, and he and Jessica were making their way in complete darkness up the lane towards the railway embankment, with their flashlights switched off so as not to attract the attention of any early risers.
A light shining through thin curtains in the upstairs window of one of the cottages gave them enough light to find their way. A dense, low mist lay close to the ground in the darkness.
They were walking quietly, without speaking to each other, taken up with the mood of the early morning.
Jessica caught hold of James, and whispered "There's someone in the garden further up the lane. I saw the glow of a cigarette. I think it's the cottage where Miss Parkin is staying. Wait here. If it is Miss Parkin, we don't want her to see us. She's bound to make a fuss if she does."
 Suddenly they heard a woman laughing.
James couldn't say why, but he felt frightened.
"It is Miss Parkin," Jessica whispered, pulling him to a halt. "What's she doing out here at this time of the morning?"
They stood still and listened.
Miss Parkin said, "You wouldn't believe it, John, the way everyone is so ready to blame the boy -- apart from his parents, and those nosey visitors to the Lodge. Not that those visitors count. They are nothing to do with it."
She, and the man she was calling John, seemed to be in the garden of the cottage. Another glow from a cigarette gave their exact position away.
The Two Jays stayed where they were. Maybe Miss Parkin was going to say something more. Or perhaps she and John would see them standing in the lane, and then they would surely be trouble.
"It's good," Miss Parkin said. "We light the fire and the boy gets the blame. Anyway, Sam Stirling deserves it. I never did like him, and someone has to take the blame. That makes everything all neat and tidy."
The man called John laughed. "The kid you hate gets blamed, and we get the goods. We have to move it all today, what with those two nosey kids in the Lodge. You know I can't be seen around here, so I'm going on ahead to wait for you. Be as quick as you can. Get the bread from the baker and see to the log fire at the Lodge, so everything appears normal. Then come and join me."
Then he added something that neither James nor Jessica could hear properly.
The cigarette glowed again, and it was obvious that Miss Parkin and John were coming out of the garden. It was still dark. There were no streetlights in this part of the village, and the sky was completely overcast, with not even the stars to show the way: just the light from an upstairs window of a cottage, further up the lane. The light suddenly went out.
Jessica pulled James back into the shelter of the garden of the cottage opposite. The man coughed, threw his cigarette onto the ground and switched on a flashlight. Fortunately he shone it down the lane and not into the garden on the other side. For a moment the beam caught Miss Parkin's face. She had a very determined look on it.
Miss Parkin went back inside the cottage where she was staying. The man made his way down the lane and turned to the left, along the main road that ran through the centre of the village.
James raised a finger. "Listen, that's an engine starting up. That man must have a vehicle down there. Whatever it is, it sounds really noisy. I wonder where he's going with it."
Jessica and James stayed where they were for the moment. John, whoever he was, might decide to come back to say something else to Miss Parkin.
After five minutes it was obvious that Miss Parkin wasn't going to reappear, and the vehicle had driven off.
"So Miss Parkin is mixed up in the fire," James said, realising he was saying something that was so obvious that it didn't need saying anyway. "Let's go and tell the police."
"You think they're going to take any notice of something we overheard? Miss Parkin and John, whoever John is, could say they were talking about anything. Something completely innocent, and say we were making it up about the fire."
"Then we'll go and wake up my mum and dad."
Jessica pulled him up the lane towards the railway embankment. "Let's find out a bit more first. If the stuff from the Manor is behind those iron doors, we'll be heroes, and the police can set a trap for Miss Parkin and John when they go to collect it."
"John," James said thoughtfully. "Sam said someone called John Thornton had a key, and showed some of the village children what was inside the doors."
"But he's moved away from the village."
James thought for a moment. "He might have come back, specially to rob Dakedale Manor, and that's why he said no one must know he's around here. I think your idea is brilliant, Jessica. He and Miss Parkin have hidden everything in one of the caves."
"There's only one way to find out," Jessica said, aware of the excitement in her voice. This was going to be a great adventure. "Let's do it."

Chapter 18

There had been a heavy dew overnight, and by the time they reached the rail track in the darkness, their trainers were soaking wet.
James turned round quickly, the third time he'd done this. It might be a great adventure, but it could also be a dangerous one.
"You keep turning round," Jessica said. "We're not doing anything wrong, and there's no one watching us anyway. We saw John walking away through the village, and then it was probably him who drove off in their noisy vehicle. He can't drive it into the tunnel and chase after us. Can he?"
"Not from this end. There's no way onto the track. I just had a feeling we're not alone." James shrugged. "You're right, we're not doing anything wrong, and I think I'm just a bit jumpy. It's probably rabbits or a fox or something that I heard just now. Come on, let's get that key."
The mist reflected the beams of their flashlights back at them in a white haze, making it difficult to see ahead. It even hung over the rails inside the old tunnel, and James's feeling of unease returned. They went into the tunnel a short way, and James pulled Jessica into the side.
"What's the matter now," she asked impatiently. "I want to get that key from the signal box and see what's behind those doors. Let's be quick."
James stayed where he was. "Turn your flashlight off for a moment. I want to make sure we're alone. If someone's following us, we'll see them holding a flashlight at the mouth of the tunnel, but they won't be able to see us."
"You're dippy," Jessica said, but she said it in a friendly way. "Okay, so we wait two minutes, and if no one appears -- which they won't -- we keep going. Oh, and what do we do if Miss Parkin or John are there?"
"I've not thought about that," James said. "That's rather a creepy thought. I suppose we go back and ask them if we can help them. They won't know we overheard them talking by the cottage."
They waited a couple of minutes and no one appeared -- much to James's relief. The idea of confronting someone this early in the morning, before it was even light, wasn't something he was looking forward to. "Okay, let's go and get that key."
"Of course," Jessica said, "the key may not be the key. Not be the key to the door. It might be the key to the signal box."
"Or maybe the key to the signalman's lunchbox," James said. "I'm hungry, but I don't fancy eating anything out of that, if it's still around. I'd like to race you to the signal box, but we don't want to risk falling and hurting ourselves. These sleepers certainly weren't spaced for walking."
They passed the two iron doors with not much more than a quick glance, and continued their cautious walk from sleeper to sleeper, trying to avoid the large ballast stones that were spread everywhere.
He wasn't going to say anything, but James was relieved not to see anyone standing in the mist at the far end of the tunnel as they rounded the bend and could see the very faint early morning light. He wished he'd not said anything about being followed as they entered the tunnel, because they were obviously alone, and now he felt silly.
A few minutes later they emerged into the open air. The clouds on the horizon looked a little less dark by this time, helping them find their way around more easily. The ground mist was heavier this side of the tunnel, and it swirled around the brick base of the signal box, making it look rather weird.
"That's odd," Jessica said.
"What's odd?" James asked. The signal box rising in the gloom from the mist was unsettling, without Jessica noticing something odd.
"That old Land Rover in the field. There's a rail crossing here, and it looks as though it's about to drive across the track. Only there's no one in it."
"That's good news then. It's muddy enough to belong to the farmer. There's a lane coming up from the main road, and the rail crossing is here so he can get to his fields on the other side of the track. Forget about it. Let's get up those steps and find that key."
They climbed the old wooden steps and opened the door, shining their flashlights inside. The signal box looked exactly as it had when they found Sam here, with the remains of his food wrappers still on the floor.
Jessica hurried forward and squeezed by the side of the cupboard where Sam had been trying to hide. There, on a brass hook, was a large iron key.
"Iron key, iron door," she said with a smile, as she held it up and showed it to James.
James was about to say that all large keys were probably made of iron, but he didn't want to spoil Jessica's theory. They'd know soon enough, when they tried it in the doors in the middle of the tunnel.
When they got down to the bottom of the wooden steps, James could easily make out the entrance to the tunnel. Another half an hour and it would be properly light.
"I always feel uncomfortable when we lose sight of the daylight at both ends of the tunnel," Jessica said "I don't think I was built to live underground."
"Nor me. Remember that big cave we went into in Cheddar last August? It was interesting down there, but I was glad to get out into the light. Dad said there are lots of caves in this part of the Peak District, but I think we'll leave them well alone. Anyway, this isn't a cave. It's a big tunnel that's open at each end, and there's no way we can take a wrong turning and get lost -- or even stuck."
Suddenly James pulled Jessica to a halt. "Be quiet and turn your flashlight off."
"Please don't scare me like that," Jessica told him. "What's the matter?"
"Stay still and don't say a word. I thought I saw a light shining off the walls up ahead. Just for a moment. It's gone now."
"Just one of our lights reflecting back from a wet stone I expect."
"Did you hear that? It was like one of those iron doors being shut."
"Stop being silly, James. There's no one here at this time of the morning. Let's go and open them."
When they reached the old iron doors, James kept his flashlight steady as Jessica held the key.
"I'm interested in the door that Sam said had the two sleepers in front of it," she said. "There's something suspicious about that. Let's start with that one."
James watched as Jessica tried to push the large key into the equally large keyhole, but it only went in a short way.
"Wrong key," Jessica said. "But it's looks about the right size. Something seems to be blocking it going in. Pass me my flashlight."
Jessica squinted into the keyhole, then tried the key a couple more times. "There's definitely something blocking it. I know it's impossible, but it looks like there's a key on the other side."
"Let's just try pushing the key in again," James said eagerly, keener than ever now to see what mystery was behind the doors.
The door moved slightly but it was held either by the lock or by a bolt on the inside. But when James thought about it, a bolt or a key on the other side was impossible. There would have to be somebody in there to use it. Unless of course someone had gone in there a few months ago and dropped dead.
He was about to share that thought with Jessica, but she had already crossed the tunnel and pushed the key into the lock of the other door.
"It works," she shouted in excitement. "The key turns and I can feel the lock opening. Come on, let's see what's in here."
The hinges were old and rusty, but the door swung inwards without too much resistance. James grabbed his flashlight, but Jessica was already through the door.
"It's huge," she said, as she swung her flashlight towards the roof. Jagged rocks seemed to be suspended far above their heads. There seemed to be nothing stopping them falling down, but they'd been there so long that she hoped they must be safe.
"Amazing," she said. "It's a proper cave, right in the middle of a railway tunnel. No one has dug this out of the hill."
Suddenly it all made sense to James. "When we found these doors first, I said the builders must have come across this cave, and that's why the iron doors have stonework around them, to fill in the rest of the cave."
"Why bother with the doors?" Jessica asked.
"Because they didn't need the cave, so they just sealed it off."
Jessica shook her head. "Okay, but why seal it off with these doors? Why didn't they just block off the cave with stones each side, so it was the same as the rest of the tunnel?"
"So they could have secure store rooms. Come on, Jessica, let's see if there's anything exciting in here." He shone his flashlight towards the far end of the chamber.
The walls and the roof looked just like the Blue John Cavern, but smaller and without any coloured crystals in the walls. Someone had put in a flat, gravel floor. "Let's just go to the far end and see if there's anything still here."
"You sound disappointed," Jessica said. "I think it's exciting, even though there isn't any treasure, and we can tell Sam all about it."
"When he's free," Jessica added.
A squeaking noise from the iron door made them both turn quickly. It slammed shut with a loud clang that echoed through the cave, making them jump.
"Must be the wind getting up," James said. "At least it will blow that creepy mist away."
"That sounded like the key turning," Jessica said quietly. "The wind isn't going to turn the key. I think we're locked in."
James shook his head. "Nonsense. Anyway, we've got a key of our own."
"I left it in the lock," Jessica said quietly. "It's my fault."
"It's both our faults," James said. "I should have thought of it too. Anyway, we probably aren't locked in at all. It might have been a bit of the door frame coming loose when the door slammed shut, and it sounded like a key turning."
Jessica had already reached the door. She turned round to James. "It's locked," she whispered. "Definitely locked. I feel sick."

Chapter 19

"So I was right all along," James said quietly. If there was someone out there, and there almost certainly was, he didn't want to be overheard. "Right from the moment we set out I had a feeling someone was following us and watching what we were doing. I don't know how they got into the tunnel without us seeing them. They must have come from the same end as we did, and followed a long way behind. That explains the light I saw shining on the stones when we were coming back."
"And I didn't believe you. Oh dear, if they saw us coming, and they had a key of their own, they could easily have hidden behind the door on the other side and locked it before we got back here with the key."
"And left it in the keyhole, in case we had our own key and opened it. And now we're done for."
In spite of a feeling of panic sweeping over him, James tried to remain calm. He pulled his phone from his pocket and switched it on. "We'll phone my mum and dad, and they can get someone to come and break down the door. They'll be annoyed with us, but at least we'll be safe."
Jessica already had her phone on. "I hope your network is better than mine," she said. "I can't get a signal."
James studied his phone for even a single bar indicating a signal. A notice at the top of the screen said No Network Available, exactly as it had the first time they came here.
"It's okay," he said, doing his best to sound confident, "we left the note to say we're exploring the tunnel, so they'll be here sometime. We wait until we hear them calling us, and then we bang on the door. Simple. There's just one problem. I'm hungry."
Jessica took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "And I'm thirsty. And just a little bit scared."
James started to walk towards the far end of the cavern. "We might as well make ourselves comfortable for the next hour or two. When my mum and dad find our note, they probably won't rush out to find us. They'll think we forgot about the time, and are enjoying ourselves exploring the area."
"It's a good job we left the note," Jessica said. "I wish now we'd said exactly what we were doing, about finding the key from the signal box to see if we could open these doors. But you're right about your mum and dad coming to look for us. They can't miss the note, because I left it right in the middle of the kitchen table. I even put a jam jar on the corner of it so it wouldn't blow away."
"Good thinking." James continued to swing his flashlight around. The far end of the cavern was only about head height, and had been closed off with a brick wall. In front of the wall he could see a pile of old navy-blue overalls that the railway workers must have left behind. "We can sit on these."
Jessica let out a little scream. "Don't touch them."
"Okay, they're probably a bit dirty, but that's the least of our worries. We can't stand up until we're rescued, and the floor's too cold to sit on for hours."
Jessica took a deep breath. "I wasn't thinking about them being dirty. I have a horrible feeling that they might be the remains of a dead railway worker who got trapped in here."
James was going to laugh, but he looked at the mound of clothing again. It was in a long pile, about the length and shape of a body. He prodded the overalls cautiously with the toe of his trainer. They felt soft. Too soft to be covering a skeleton.
He looked over at Jessica who was biting the collar of her fleece, something she tended to do when scared. "Go on then, James, give it a good kick. We need to know what's under there."
Encouraged by the softness of his first poke, James used his foot to explore a little deeper. It was still soft. Suddenly he felt something hard. He jumped back quickly.
"What's the matter, James?"
James could imagine he could hear Jessica's teeth chattering. "I'm not sure."
"You felt something. That's why you jumped back. Did it feel like bones?"
"It felt like something hard." He went back to the pile of clothing. "Oh, this is ridiculous. Let's see what's really under there."
To James's surprise, Jessica came forward to watch as he pulled off a handful of what were little more than navy blue rags, the overalls were so old.
To his surprise and delight, James revealed a long iron bar, bent at one end. "They probably used it to lever the rails into place while they fixed them down," he said, trying to make his voice sound steady, and not doing a very good job of it. "There's your skeleton, Jessica."
Jessica bent down and picked it up. "Maybe we can lever the door open with it. Let's try."
But the door was a tight fit in the iron frame, and there was nowhere large enough to put the bent end of the iron bar.
"Let's go and sit down on the old railway worker's body," James suggested, pointing to the pile of overalls.
"I wish you wouldn't call it that, James, but it's a good idea. There's no point in not being comfortable. I just wish we had some food."
James reached into the pocket of his fleece. "I grabbed some of that fruitcake from the kitchen, just in case."
"You never told me."
"You don't eat cake. Remember?"
Jessica reached forward. "Well I do now. So come on, share."
While they ate the cake, James switched his phone on again. "Still no signal."
"There won't be. We're too far underground," Jessica said. "I'm sure we'll be rescued eventually, but let's assume the worst. Suppose no one finds us here until tomorrow. There's a power saving switch on the flashlights. Let's turn one flashlight off altogether and set the other one to a single LED. It's more than bright enough while we're sitting around here waiting to be rescued. It should last for days."
"Which is more than I will, without more food," James said.
Jessica gave a long sigh "I can hear running water somewhere. It seems to be coming from behind the brick wall, and it's making me more thirsty by the minute."
She picked up the iron bar.
James turned his flashlight back to a higher power. "What are you doing?"
"This brick wall doesn't go right to the top of this end of the cave. So maybe we can knock it down and get to the water. There's a slight draught coming over the top. Come on, let's not sit here moping for the next couple of days. Let's see what's behind here!"

Chapter 20

Jessica examined the bricks closely. "The wall seems to have been built in a hurry, and the bricks are only roughly cemented in place." 
She took a gentle stab at the top row. And then she attacked it with more energy. One of the bricks moved slightly. A harder stab and it fell away, taking the brick each side with it.
She turned to James. "Don't let me do all the work. You have a go. Smash out the next row and we'll be able to look over the top and see what's behind here."
James had to hit the row several times to dislodge the bricks. Either Jessica was stronger than he was, or the builder had used better cement for the next row down!
Soon a short stretch of the top three rows of bricks had gone. The Two Jays put their flashlights on to full power and peered over the wall.
The walls of the cave beyond were rough, and the floor was covered in huge, jagged boulders. How far the passage went, they couldn't tell, but it certainly went a long way into the darkness.
"Wow," James said, "the cave goes on and on!"
"And on," Jessica added. "But it looks as though it gets a bit narrow. If we try to squeeze our way through, we might end up getting stuck, and no one would think to come to look for us."
James took hold of the iron bar again. "Stand back. I'm going to make the gap in the wall large enough for us to get over."
"Go for it, James. No one's going to worry about us damaging the wall. It's years and years old. And we don't have to try to squeeze our way further along the cave, if we don't want to."
James nodded. "And you know me. I'm not too keen on being trapped underground. But let's just see if the way on really is as tight as it looks. I'm not going to try it yet. We might be rescued in an hour or so. My parents are bound to see the note on the kitchen table when they come down this morning."
Jessica caught hold of James's arm. "It's terrible!" she said.
"What's terrible?"
"What time do your parents get up?"
James shrugged. "No idea. It's the holiday. Probably not until nine o'clock today. It doesn't matter what time they get up, as long as they see the note. It just means we have to wait here a bit longer before we're rescued."
"And who have we decided is responsible for burning down Dakedale Manor?"
"Why are you asking? We know Miss Parkin is involved in some way."
"And who's gone into the Lodge at 6:30 this morning ..." Jessica looked at the time on her phone ... "to light the log fire and leave a loaf of bread on the kitchen table? On the kitchen table where we left our note!"
There was a moment of silence before James said, "So we're not going to be rescued, are we?"
Jessica shook her head. "Not if Miss Parkin saw the note, we're not." She was holding tightly to James's arm. "Maybe your mum or dad got up really early to make a cup of tea."
"Maybe we ought to knock down more of the wall, and try to get out of here before we starve to death. Maybe the person who locked us in is going to do something terrible to us. After all, if they were prepared to burn down Dakedale Manor, they're not going to be too bothered about...."
"Stop it, James! Don't even think such a thing." Jessica sat down heavily on the pile of old overalls in despair. "We don't know for sure Miss Parkin set the house on fire."
"She did. She said so to John."
"Your parents might be here to rescue us any moment now."
"They won't."
Jessica jumped to her feet. "Be quiet and listen! I thought this line wasn't used anymore."
James stood where he was. "It can't be. The bridge has been taken down, so it's not a train."
"It is. It's not a steam train, it's a diesel. Your dad and Sam said the line is disused. We've been walking up and down it without a care in the world. How dangerous is that? "
It seemed as though a diesel locomotive had stopped outside the door. And suddenly there was silence again.
"It didn't really sound like a diesel locomotive," James said, making his way to the door. There was the double beep of a car horn. "I think it's the old Land Rover we saw by the signal box. And it's outside the door now."
Jessica said, "I can hear a man and a woman talking."
As she ran towards the locked iron door, James pulled her back. "Don't say a word. It wasn't my parents who locked us in here, and I doubt it's my parents out there now. They'd be calling out our names if it was."
"It sounds like Miss Parkin," Jessica said quietly. "Perhaps she's come to see if we're all right."
James said, "We keep our flashlights off, and stand each side of the door. When it opens, they'll come in here to do something nasty to us. They won't see us standing each side of the door, and when they've come right in, we run out and lock them in. Then we get the police and tell them what we heard Miss Parkin saying to the man she called John outside the cottage. That's probably him with her now. I'm sure someone could drive a Land Rover along a railway track if they went slowly."
With their flashlights turned off, they stood close to the iron door. The woman who sounded like Miss Parkin was talking quietly to someone, but certainly not to them.
"Keep your voice down, Phyllis," a man's voice said. "We don't want them to hear."
"He's talking about us," Jessica whispered. "It has to be Miss Parkin. How many people called Phyllis are there around here? And it sounds like her too. I'd know that voice anywhere."
Miss Parkin said, "John Thornton, you worry too much. If those stupid kids are listening, they'd be kicking on the door and screaming out for help. That's how all kids are. They like to pretend they're brave, but when things get difficult they want to run to their mummies."
"Lucky you saw their lights in the tunnel when you were coming along here from the village to meet me," the man said.
"And it was lucky I was able to unlock the door and hide before they saw me," Miss Parkin said. "As soon as I heard them open the opposite door and go in, I was able to shut them in. Lucky again that they'd left the key in the lock. There was a lot of crashing and banging from in there while I was waiting for you, and I've no idea what they were doing. But they certainly weren't trying to get out of the door."
John Thornton laughed. "They probably think there's a way out at the back. Good luck with that!"
Miss Parkin said, "Things have gone quiet now. They seem to have given up. They're probably at the back of the cave crying their eyes out and wondering if they'll ever be rescued. And they won't be. Not by us, they won't."
"We have to clear everything away quickly," John said urgently. "Going over the old sleepers again in the Land Rover nearly wrecked the suspension. I damaged the exhaust on Saturday night driving down here when we cleared the valuables out of the Manor before we set fire to it. We can be away in a couple of hours, as long as those kids' parents don't come here looking for them."
"Mr and Mrs Cooper will be out of the way the whole morning," they heard Miss Parkin say. "The kids left a note on the kitchen table saying they were coming here. When I saw the note I burnt it, and then I called upstairs and woke the boy's parents. I told them I was worried because I saw the boy and the girl hitching a lift in a blue car, and going off in the direction of Buxton. The parents wanted to know if I knew why, and I said I'd heard them telling the driver they'd be gone for most of the day, because they were following up some sort of clue."
"That's clever," the man said. "Kids on holiday always seem to be following clues, so the boy's parents are bound to believe it."
Miss Parkin laughed. "I said, 'You know how kids are when they get an idea into their heads.' 'Then I'd better tell the police,' the boy's father said, 'and I'll drive after them and see if I can find them.' Of course, I gave them a good description of the imaginary blue car, and even invented part of the licence plate. So the parents are in a state now, and they certainly aren't going to come looking for the kids in this tunnel. Now stop talking. Let's get to work."
James was about to bang on the iron door and demand to be released, when Jessica stopped him. "Let's not draw attention to ourselves," she whispered. "Miss Parkin and John Thornton can't know we've been listening, or they'd have kept their voices down."
"I don't think it will matter anyway," James said gloomily. "They've already said they're not going to let us out."
"They're probably guessing we'll get out sometime," Jessica whispered. "But they're not going to do it themselves, because they won't want us to see them and identify them. I'm sure they'll have some alibi, just like Miss Parkin did with the fake phone call from the hospital where she can prove she stayed all night. Great alibi."
"Yes," James added thoughtfully. "Did you notice how the man said, 'Before we set fire to the Manor'? That's quite some trick. I wonder how Miss Parkin managed to be in both places at the same time!"

Chapter 21

James made his way back to the far end of the cavern where they had already demolished some of the bricks in the wall.
"We need to get out of here as soon as we can," he said quietly. "If we wait to be rescued it could be hours, and Miss Parkin and John Thornton will be far away in their Land Rover full of stolen goods from the manor."
"So Mr Stirling was right to be suspicious when the fireman said they couldn't find any melted silver," Jessica said. "What a waste of such a lovely old house and lots of antique furniture."
James pointed to the brick wall. "We can't use the iron bar anymore, or they'll hear us. We only need to take out a few more bricks, and we can climb over. Now we've started to break through, we might be able to pull the bricks out by hand."
The Two Jays took it in turns to push and pull at the bricks to make a gap large enough to climb through. Immediately on the other side there was a drop to the muddy boulders that lined the floor of the rest of the cavern.
They lowered themselves over the wall and shone their flashlights across the jagged boulders to the narrow passage at the far end. The passage seemed to be going downwards at a slight angle.
"Where's all this water I can hear?" Jessica asked. "There doesn't seem to be any."
James was cautiously making his way over the painfully sharp boulders when he stopped and looked down between them. "It's right down there. We're never going to be able to reach it. Anyway, it's quite muddy in here, and the water might be poisonous like the water in the well last summer." He noticed Jessica's alarmed expression. "Just a thought."
Jessica gave a shiver of disgust. "I suddenly don't feel quite so thirsty, anyway. Let's try and get out of here as soon as we can."
It took several minutes to cross to the far end of the muddy chamber, because the boulders were slippery to climb over safely. At the far end they came to the narrow passage they'd seen from the brick wall. It definitely ran slightly downhill.
"I think I ought to go first," Jessica said, shining her flashlight into what looked like an impossible way on. "We're both the same height, but I'm a bit thinner than you."
James shook his head. "All the more reason for me to go first. If I get stuck, you can come back here and wait for help. If you go first and I follow you, and I get completely stuck, and there's no way out of the cave, then...."
He didn't need to say anything more. He removed his fleece and slid into the muddy passage headfirst.
"Hold on a minute," Jessica called to him. "If this passage keeps going down, it means we're going deeper into the hill. We need a passage that goes up, not down."
"Good thinking," James called back. "You stay there and I'll go a little way and see what happens. ... Hold on, good news. It's going to be tight, but the passage goes uphill now, and I think I can feel that breeze again. That means there's a way out somewhere. I can ... ooh, it's tight ... very tight ... ouch ... I don't like this at all."
Jessica waited, but James stayed silent. For all she knew, something terrible had happened to him. "Are you all right?"
Only her own voice echoed back.
"James!"
"It's okay, you can come on now." His voice came back faintly. "It's perfectly safe. Well, it's safe as far as I've managed to get."
Jessica went headfirst into the passage, and was surprised at just how tight it was. She wondered if perhaps she was putting on weight, especially as James seemed to have managed it without any serious problems. She decided that she shouldn't have eaten that piece of fruitcake after all!
"You're doing fine," James said reassuringly as she emerged into a small chamber. There seemed to be two small passages out, one going down at a steep angle and another going slightly up. Neither of them looked particularly inviting.
James shone his flashlight into the small passage going down. "This way," he said.
"We need to go up, not down," Jessica reminded him.
James shook his head. "The breeze is coming from this passage, not the other one." He licked his finger to prove the point, and Jessica did the same.
James glanced up at the low roof of the passage. "Look, there's soot on here. Probably from a candle. That means other people have been this way."
Jessica felt relief. "That means there's a way out," she said.
"Not necessarily," James said. "Someone might have got stuck and died in here. If I see a pair of old boots with leg bones sticking out of them, I'll let you know."
Jessica was determined not to scream. She took a deep breath. "You've got a horribly gruesome mind, James. Just get on and find a way out of here for us."
"I'm going ahead again," James said. "Don't forget, if I get stuck you must find your way back to the cavern where we started and wait."
Jessica looked back at the narrow passage from which they'd just emerged. "I don't know how you managed it," she said. "It was pretty tight back there for me."
"And it was very tight for me. No arguing. I go first."
"But you don't like being underground," Jessica said, as she watched James's trainers disappearing.
A rather muffled voice called back, "I hate it. That's why I want to get out as quickly as possible."
There was a long silence, and again Jessica wondered if something had gone wrong. Then she heard James call out, "Oh no!"
"What is it, James?"
"Do you fancy a swim?"
"Not really. Why?"
"Come through to here, and you'll see."
Jessica was already squirming her way through the narrow passage, which was so low at times that she kept knocking her head. "Tell me."
Silence from James.
It only took Jessica a couple of minutes to reach him. He was standing in another chamber, about the size of the kitchen at the Lodge. And the floor looked really smooth. No it didn't, it seemed to be rippling.
"It's deep," James said as she came to stand next to him.
Jessica realised his clothes were soaking wet. "Did you fall in?"
"I thought I could wade through it, but I couldn't. I was stupid. I just stepped into the water -- and went right under."
Jessica took a deep breath. "So I see. Well, I can swim, and it's not far to the other side. I'll swim across first if you like."
"Good offer, but I'm already wet through. If there's no way out on the other side, there's no point in you getting wet too. We just go back to the cavern beside the railway line. Someone is bound to come there in the end, but it might not be for a couple of days. Brrrr, I'm freezing. And I can feel even more of that breeze now. I didn't think water could ever be as cold as this without turning to ice. Are you sure you want to go on?"
"I want the police to catch Miss Parkin, that's what I want to do. I never liked her from the moment we met her in the Lodge. And now you're soaking wet, so we need to get out of here quickly."
"You don't get this sort of fun in the show caves you have to pay to go down," James said.
In spite of feeling really scared, Jessica laughed. "I don't think they'd get many customers if they did!"
James gave a really big shiver and shook himself like a dog, trying to get the water off his clothes. "Right, I insist I swim across first."
"Thanks, James. If you don't mind."
James had already lowered himself into the water. Holding his flashlight above his head, he turned onto his back and with just a few kicks with his feet he reached the other side and climbed out.
"That wasn't too bad," he called back, his teeth chattering with the cold. "Don't come yet. I'm going on to see what's round the corner. The breeze is a bit stronger here, and it's making me feel really cold."
"I suppose that's good," Jessica called across the underground lake. "I don't mean to be unkind, but it looks as though we could be on the way out."
"I'm so cold, I think I could be on the way out," James called back, his voice echoing around the chamber. "There's a small hole in the roof here. I can just about pull myself up into it. It's where the breeze is coming from. I'm going to try it. If you don't hear from me again, don't try and follow. Just go back to the brick wall where we started. And be careful."
Jessica didn't know what to think. Part of her wanted to swim across to be with James, but a more sensible part of her whispered that she shouldn't follow unless James told her to. There was no point in getting soaked through if the way ahead was blocked and James had to come back.
James seemed to have been gone for ever. She pulled out her phone and checked. Still no signal. Not that she'd expected there to be one. She noticed the time was now just after eight o'clock. James's parents would be worried to death. Miss Parkin said she'd burnt the note they'd left on the kitchen table, and fed them some stupid story about getting a lift in a blue car. James's parents might be out searching for them on the roads, but the old railway tunnel was the last place where they'd think of looking.
She checked the time on her phone again. James must have been gone at least ten minutes. It felt like an hour. Or more. Surely he ought to be back by now. She became aware of just how cold she felt, just waiting. It seemed that the breeze had got stronger, and she shivered, even though she was bone dry. She felt sorry for James.
Then she did something they both should have done before they left the main cavern by the rail track. She lifted her hands high above her head and asked Jesus, her Lord and Saviour, to get them safely out of this cave system.
Almost before she finished this brief cry for help, James was back on the other side of the water. "It definitely goes on," he called. "The breeze is stronger on ahead, and I can see daylight."
"Can we get out, James?"
"The end of the passage has been blocked with rocks. I've managed to dislodge one of them. If we push some of the others out of the way, we might be able to make a hole big enough to squeeze out through."
Jessica looked at the dark water. The Black Lagoon came to her mind as a name for it. She shivered and wondered what hungry monsters might be lurking in there. "Are you sure you can't do it on your own?" Her question echoed around the chamber, and came back to her as though calling her a coward.
"No, it needs both of us to push them out of the way. I think it's worth the risk of you getting wet."
Jessica looked at the water again. "Did anything try to bite your legs when you swam?"
"An alligator, I think it was. Just don't bother about it. It would have eaten me if it was hungry. If you're going to swim, come on. I'm getting colder than ever standing here."
"Did you get a phone signal at the end of the passage? You could try phoning for help."
"I was stupid. I remembered to keep my flashlight above the water, but my phone was in my pocket. It's dead."
And so will we be if we don't get out soon, Jessica thought, but she didn't pass that thought on to James.

Chapter 22

"I'll need your phone," James called, his voice echoing around the cave. "If you don't want to get wet, I can come to you. It won't matter to me. I'm soaked anyway."
Jessica looked at the water, looked across at James, and then down in the water again. "Stay where you are. I'm coming to you."
"Are you sure?"
"Absolutely."
"Then hold your phone and your flashlight out of the water as you swim. Just so you know, the water's freezing."
Jessica didn't need to be told that. She had already put her hand into the Black Lagoon. "Wait there for me. I'm coming ... now."
Remembering how she used to get into the water at the seaside when the sea was cold, she lowered herself in quickly, rather than going in slowly with a foot and then a leg at a time.
The icy water pressed against her jeans and her sweatshirt, but she kept her senses about her. With her phone and flashlight above her head, she turned onto her back and kicked her way across the Black Lagoon as James had done.
Even without her fleece, her wet clothes seem to weigh her down. Just as she was wondering if she was going to go under, she felt James catch hold of her head and then her shoulders.
"I can't believe how cold I feel," she said, as James dragged her out of the cold water onto the equally cold limestone. "Here, give me a hand to stand up."
There was definitely a breeze now. It almost felt like a gale as it penetrated her wet clothes. She hoped James knew what he was talking about when he thought they could get out up ahead.
"That was awesome," she said, looking back over the dark water of the Black Lagoon as she shivered. "Something to tell my friends about."
"You did well," James said, rather condescendingly, Jessica thought. "Just another few minutes and you'll see a small patch of daylight where I dislodged a rock. Give me your phone, and I'll see if I can get in touch with the police at the end of this tunnel. They can get the cave rescue service to come and get us out. There must be one."
As they squeezed through muddy gap after muddy gap, Jessica was amazed that James had come this far by himself. The mud and water on her clothes made them slippery, they seemed to drag on every bit of the rough limestone she crawled across.
James was some distance ahead, but she could see the beam from his flashlight bobbing around. Then suddenly he was gone.
"James," she called loudly, "I can't see you."
No reply. No sound at all.
She slid her way forward, and the passage was like a long, thin drainpipe, with knobbly bits making it uncomfortable. The further she went into it, the tighter it became. There seemed to be nowhere to push with her feet. As she paused to get her breath back, she realised that in going forward she had let her elbows get trapped under her body.
She was unable to go forwards or backwards, with her body pressed tightly against the roof of the tunnel.
Trying not to panic, she realised that the only way to free herself would be to somehow wriggle backwards and let her hands and arms go forward. It would be easy if James was behind her and could pull her legs.
Feeling around with her feet, she felt a very small outcrop of rock which she could hook her toes around.
Her elbows were pressing into her chest so hard that she was already getting short of breath. With a prayer and a wriggle, she could feel herself moving backwards just enough to free her arms.
"Thank you, Lord."
She kept her arms stretched out straight in front, and paused to get her breath back. What had happened to James? Why hadn't he waited for her?
As she asked herself these questions, Jessica realised she could hear James talking. But he didn't seem to be talking to her. Her curiosity -- James would call it her nosiness -- spurred her on. Two minutes later she could see James's wet trainers.
"It's the entrance on the hill by the old signal box," she heard James say.
He must have heard her join him, because he turned round and pointed to the phone he was holding to his ear.
"Yes, it's an old Land Rover and it may still be in the tunnel. It will have to come out by the signal box because there's no way down the embankment by the village, and the bridge has already been removed. ... No, we don't know the licence plate number. ... It's dark green, and there's a lot of mud on it. Oh, and it has a canvas hood at the back. ... Yes, I'll hold on. Jessica is here now with me, so we're both safe."
"Is that the police?" Jessica asked.
James nodded, keeping the phone close to his ear. "At least they're taking this seriously. They've alerted the cave rescue services, and they've told me to hold on for instructions. Next, I'm going to phone my parents."
While James waited with the phone, Jessica squeezed alongside him, shivering in her wet clothes. There weren't just three or four stones to move, as she'd imagined, but the entrance to the cave had been filled in with a mass of large rocks. Some of them could possibly be described as boulders.
James managed to make contact with his father. "Dad, we're in trouble, but we're safe."
"You certainly are in trouble," his father said. He sounded really angry. "Your mother and I have been worried sick. Miss Parkin woke us up at half past six to say she'd seen you getting into a blue car. You know how often we've warned you about getting lifts from strangers. Who was it?"
"Dad, Dad, Miss Parkin was lying to you. We left you a note to say we were going out early, but she found it and burnt it when she came round to light the log fire."
"James, that's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. Whatever were you thinking of, going off in a strange car?"
"That was Miss Parkin's lie. She's trapped us in the old tunnel. The cave rescue services are on their way. We're soaking wet and you've got to come with the car and meet us."
Jessica waited patiently while James told his father what had happened, and how to get to the old signal box by car. Eventually he nodded, disconnected the call, and took a deep breath.
"Dad says Mum has stayed at the Lodge in case we turn up there, and he's searching the roads on the way to Buxton. He sounded frantic."
"But is he coming?" Jessica asked.
James shook his head. "Not straight away. He's got the car, obviously, but he's about half an hour away. He's sort of angry and relieved at the same time, if you know what I mean."
Jessica knew. It was how all parents reacted when they thought their children were in danger and turned out to be safe. She also knew they would have to dig their way out immediately, because she was far too cold to wait for the cave rescue services. She reached out and caught hold of one of the rocks.
"What are you doing?" James asked in a panic. "We don't want any of them to fall on us and crush us. I don't think----" He stopped as his phone rang. "Yes," he said into the phone, "that's the place. There's a large patch of stones halfway up the hill on the other side of the track by the signal box. Please be quick. We're soaked through and freezing cold."
Jessica nodded. "Absolutely freezing cold," she called out loudly, so the caller could hear.
James said something and then ended the call. "That was the cave rescue services. We've got to stay here and wait for them to arrive -- so they say."
Jessica shook her head, and tried to stop herself shivering too violently. "See that rock up there? It doesn't seem to have anything resting on it. If we can shift that, we might be able to get out."
"I've already tried," James said. "I can't reach it, and I don't think your arms are any longer than mine. It's a bit too far away for either of us to be able to push."
"My legs are longer than my arms," Jessica said through chattering teeth. "If I lie on my back and you support me, and we push together, I might be able to shift it."
"Brilliant. Let me do it, Jessica."
Jessica shook her head. "I think I've got longer legs than you. Even so, they mightn't be long enough to reach that rock."
She lay on her back and wriggled her way into the small entrance to the cave until the wet soles of her trainers made a squelchy contact with the base of the large rock. She wriggled up a bit further until her knees were bent.
"When I say push, hold my shoulders to stop me sliding back, while I push at the boulder with my feet. Got it?"
"Got it."
"Right then, here goes. Push!"
For a moment Jessica thought she was wasting her time and energy. Then the rock moved slightly before falling back into place when she released the pressure.
"I'm going to need to push it a lot further before it will roll away," she called back to James. "I'm going to wriggle up until my legs are much more bent. Then we push again. And just for the record, I'm absolutely, extremely freezing cold."
There were small pieces of loose stone under her shoulders, and she wriggled back down to where James was crouching.
"What are you doing?"
Jessica flicked the stones away until the bottom of the passage was smooth. Then she slid back in, feet first. "All that grit was digging into my back something rotten," she explained. "Okay, I'm there now. That's as much as I can bend my legs. My knees are hitting the roof of the passage."
Twice more Jessica pushed with her feet, while James held her firmly by the shoulders to stop her slipping backwards. The large rock moved further than before, but fell back into place as soon as Jessica stopped pushing.
"It's no good, but at least it's warming me up," she said.
"Don't come back for a moment," James said. "You might not be able to see it from where you are, but there's definitely more daylight coming from around the top of it. Are you up to pushing it a few more times? I really think we're getting somewhere."
"Let me get my breath back a moment. You really think I'm doing some good?"
"I don't know, but it looks promising. Or we can wait here and shiver until we get rescued. I told the rescue services where we are on the hill. They've got to look for a pile of rocks."
Jessica shuffled on her back close to the boulder again. Then she noticed the rock next to the one she'd been pushing. Surely there was more light coming under that one now than there had been before.
"Get ready to hold my shoulders, James. I'm trying something else."
With her feet in contact, and her legs bent, Jessica relied on James to hold her firmly in place. And then she pushed. The new rock moved, only slightly, but when she released the pressure, it stayed where it was.
Quickly she shuffled up the passage a little bit further with her legs bent. "I'm going to give it another push."
Again the rock moved, and again it stayed in its new position when she stopped pushing.
"I think we're getting somewhere."
James could see what was happening. "Do you think you can keep pushing at it lots of times, quickly? We mustn't let it fall back into place."
"We?" Jessica said. "I'm the one doing all the pushing. Right, here we go again."
For several minutes Jessica pushed and wriggled and pushed and wriggled, while James put all his weight against her shoulders to keep her in place.
Suddenly daylight flooded the cave. The large rock had rolled away, but the hole was too small to escape through.
"You've done enough," James told her. "Here, let me see what I can do now."
Jessica found she was sweating, in spite of being soaked through to the skin. She willingly changed places with James while she took some deep breaths to try to recover from all the exertion of the past few minutes.
James was already by the hole that the missing rock had left behind. "Keep well clear," he called back to Jessica. "I'm going to try and push another one away by hand, but it might fall back on top of me."
"Then don't do it," Jessica said in a panic.
She was too late. With a mighty heave James had managed to push another large rock away onto the hillside. And then another one.
"I'm getting out now, and then I'll pull you out if you climb up."
Within a couple of minutes Jessica stood with James on the grassy hillside, squinting in the bright sunlight. The October sun had burnt off the mist that had covered the ground in what seemed like hours ago, when they'd walked up the lane and overheard Miss Parkin and John Thornton talking.
"Where did the rocks go?" Jessica asked, looking down the hill. "Oh no, one of them has landed on the track."
"Quick, let's roll some more down," James said. "That Land Rover might still be loading up in the tunnel."
Even as he pulled a rock away from the pile that had been blocking their way out of the cave, they could hear the sound of an engine. Without waiting any longer, James let the rock go.
It bounced its way down the hill, smashing through two small gorse bushes, giving a final bounce at the bottom of the hill, and ending up right in the middle of the track just as the Land Rover emerged from the tunnel.
Even before the Land Rover could stop, James sent another rock on its way. A man got out of the Land Rover to examine the track -- presumably it was John Thornton. He jumped out of the way as the rock smashed against the front of the vehicle. A cloud of steam erupted from the front grille where the radiator must have been broken.
Jessica gave a little gasp of alarm, but James let out a loud cheer. "That's stopped them," he said enthusiastically. "And look, here come the police!"
Jessica didn't feel so enthusiastic. "Let's hope the stolen goods are on board the Land Rover, or we're in serious trouble -- with a lot of explaining to do!"
At that moment Miss Parkin jumped out of the Land Rover, caught hold of John Thornton's hand, and pointed into the tunnel. Still holding hands, they disappeared into the darkness.

Chapter 23

When the Two Jays reached the bottom of the hill, the police officers seemed to be more interested in looking after them and didn't notice what had happened. Jessica pointed to the tunnel and explained about the two runaways. Two of the police officers gave chase.
With the heater turned up full, James and Jessica now sat in the back of the police car. James phoned his father again using Jessica's phone, and explained that they were now safe, and answering questions with the police.
"What sort of questions?" Mr Cooper asked.
"Just a minute, Dad." James handed the phone to one of the police officers. "It's my dad. Please tell him we're okay, and make sure he knows how he can get here by car. We don't want him trying to walk through the tunnel."
Somehow the officer managed to calm Mr Cooper down, although it took a couple of minutes. The officer ended the call and handed the phone back to James. "It sounds like you could both be in trouble."
"But we're not in trouble here, are we?" Jessica asked, retrieving her phone from James.
A bright yellow vehicle like an ambulance with red and white reflective tape around it stopped at the top of the lane, by the edge of the track where the two police cars were already parked. On its side were the words Derbyshire Cave Rescue.
"Where were they when we needed them?" James asked.
"Don't worry about that, young man," the police officer said. "You're still going to need their services."
Two men in bright red coveralls jumped out of the vehicle, had a quick word with the police officer, and fetched two emergency silver foil blankets from the back of their vehicle. They quickly wrapped them round James and Jessica, who were still shivering in the back of the police car, in spite of the heater.
The two officers who had given chase in the tunnel, reappeared with Miss Parkin and John Thornton in handcuffs. They explained to James and Jessica exactly what had happened, and everyone had a good laugh.
Then James's parents appeared, took one look at the shivering Two Jays, and Mrs Cooper hurried forward and gave them both a big hug as they got out of the car still wearing their silver foil blankets.
Jessica burst into tears, and James had to turn his head away so that the cave rescue team and the police officers couldn't see his face.
After what seemed an age, James broke away and walked to his father who was looking puzzled rather than angry.
"It was Miss Parkin who set fire to the house," James explained. "She did it with somebody called John Thornton. They planned it together and put the blame on Sam." He pointed to the police car where two people wearing handcuffs were looking out of the back window. "That's them."
Jessica had calmed down now. The tears had released a lot of tension, and seemed to have done her good. She came across to stand with James and his father. "And all the stuff they stole from Dakedale Manor is in the back of that Land Rover. Silver, rolled up canvas paintings without their frames, and lots of valuable ornaments and jewellery and things. They were, as they say on the television, caught in the act. They even have all Miss Parkin's so-called valuables that she was going to claim the money for!"
James managed to laugh. "It was ever so funny. It's a shame we weren't there to see it. When they realised the police were here, they ran back into the tunnel and through the iron door that we went through, and locked it on the inside."
In spite of feeling exhausted, Jessica had to laugh as well. "The police broke the door down with one of the railway sleepers that were lying on the ground. They found Miss Parkin screaming at John Thornton to get a move on, but he was completely stuck trying to get through the part of the cave where we went. They had to drag him out by his legs. I wish, I wish, I could have seen it!"
"And where were the two of you while all this was going on?" James's father asked. "I'm worried about you standing around soaked to the skin."
"We were in the back of the police car, with the heater on full blast."
James's mother turned to the police officer who was standing by their side. "These two need a hot bath and some dry clothes."
The officer shook his head. "Not yet, Mrs Cooper. There are still a lot of unanswered questions."
"I'm sorry, officer, but we're going to take them back to Dakedale Lodge immediately. It's where we're staying all week. You can ask all the questions you want when these two are warm and dry."
Jessica had never heard James's mum sounds so firm before, and it seemed the police officer had more than met his match.
"Very well, Mrs Cooper, you have an hour to sort them out. Then we'll see you at Dakedale Lodge."
As James and Jessica got into the back of the Coopers' family car, still wearing their silver blankets, James's father said, "It's not only questions from the police that you have to answer. You have a lot of explaining to do to us!"

Chapter 24
(LAST CHAPTER)

The police had come and gone, and Jessica and James had managed to convince Mr and Mrs Cooper that they really had left a note, and had certainly not set out to do anything stupid or dangerous when they left the Lodge in the early hours of the morning.
Mr and Mrs Stirling, and Sam, were in the Lodge now as they all gathered round the blazing log fire. Jessica was the closest to it, feeling that she would never get properly warm again in her life.
"I still don't know what happened to me on Friday night," Sam said. "I know I didn't start the fire, so why were my clothes covered in petrol?"
"Yes," James said, "and who put the lighter in your pocket? And who made the phone call?"
Mr Stirling said, "From what the police have told us, Phyllis Parkin and John Thornton planned it together."
"I thought John Thornton had moved away," Sam said. "He's the one who took us through the tunnel ages ago and showed us what was behind the iron doors."
Mr Stirling nodded. "You're right, Sam, he did move away, about twelve months ago. But Phyllis Parkin kept in touch with him. We didn't even know they knew each other. Somehow they cooked up this plan to rob the Manor together. Sam, do you remember Miss Parkin giving you a mug of cocoa while you were watching the television?"
Sam nodded. "But she often does that."
"Not with a large dose of sleeping powder in it," Sam's mother said.
"So that's why I felt so sleepy. I remember hearing Miss Parkin talking to someone on the phone, and telling me she had to go out in an emergency. She told me to get to bed when the programme finished. That's all I can remember, until I woke up in the stables stinking of petrol."
Jessica put her hand up as though in school, trying to get attention. "So who rang from the hospital in Buxton? ... Oh! No one, of course," she said, realising her mistake.
Nobody smiled, and she guessed that perhaps some of the others had been wondering the same thing.
"John Thornton must have had an unregistered phone," she said, thinking aloud. "He used it to make a call to Miss Parkin, which is why the police could tell the call had come from near Dakedale Manor, then wiped off her fingerprints and put Sam's hand all over it."
"And then slipped it into my pocket while I was asleep," Sam said.
"Why bother to make a phone call at all?" James asked. "Miss Parkin could just have told Sam that she'd had a call from Buxton."
Mr Stirling took a deep breath. "I'm sorry to say they wanted to put the blame on Sam for making the call. Anything to make Sam look more guilty. They needed someone, anyone, to take the blame for starting the fire. Sam was the most obvious person they could think of, and Phyllis Parkin didn't like him anyway."
Sam was frowning. "Miss Parkin had an alibi, a fake one, but why didn't the police ask John Thornton for one?"
"Because he left the village a year ago," Mr Stirling said. "Nobody knew he'd come back."
"Except Miss Parkin," Sam said. "Anyway, how did I end up in the stables?"
Everyone was looking at Mr Stirling, waiting for him to answer Sam's question.
"As I understand it," he explained, reaching forward to warm his hands by the fire. Even he seemed to be feeling a bit chilly, although the room was surprisingly hot. "Phyllis Parkin and John Thornton planned to steal our most valuable possessions."
"Then why not steal them when Sam was asleep?" James asked. "Why set fire to the house? That was a horrible thing to do. "
"James," Mrs Cooper said, "please don't interrupt."
"No, that's all right," Mr Stirling said. "It's a very good question, James. Yes, they could have pretended there was a break-in, but the police would then be on the lookout for the stolen property, and that would make it difficult to dispose of. With the fire, everyone thinks the items have been destroyed, so there's no one looking for them. You'd be surprised at the lengths insurance investigators go to, to find stolen property."
"That's terrible!" Jessica said, moving even closer to the fire.
"I couldn't agree more," Sam's mother said. "And thanks to you two, we've now got some of our valuables safely back. The paintings were cut out of their frames, so when the insurance investigator found the burnt remains of the frames, they would believe the paintings had been burnt as well."
"But, Mum," Sam said from where he was sitting between his parents on the sofa, "lots of our precious stuff did get destroyed. Even if Dakedale Manor gets rebuilt, where are we going to get new furniture?" He thought for a moment. "I loved that furniture. I loved Dakedale Manor. It's like life has come to an end for me."
"Remember what I said earlier?" Mrs Stirling told him. "None of that furniture is going with us to heaven. The main thing is that we are all safe. No amount of insurance money could make up for losing you, Sam, if you'd been trapped in the fire. We can buy more furniture and ornaments and things, but we can't buy another Sam. The insurance will pay to get the Manor rebuilt. It looks as though most of the walls are undamaged, so we'll be able to have the same design again. There's an empty house in the village that we're moving into for now."
"So why didn't I get killed in the fire?" Sam asked.
"Phyllis Parkin and John Thornton are bad people," his father said, "but even they wouldn't leave you in a burning house. As soon as you were fast asleep, John Thornton carried you out to the stables, and Phyllis Parkin helped him splash the floors and furniture with fuel, and then light the fire."
"I get it," Jessica said. "Miss Parkin had the perfect alibi. Because of the pretend phone call, she was far away in Buxton for the night."
"No, just a moment," James said suddenly. "How could she be in Buxton, and be lighting the fire here at the same time?"
"Oh yes," Mr Stirling said, "Phyllis Parkin was a very clever and scheming woman. It was her sister who turned up at the hospital at the right time. They look similar, and certainly on the hospital security cameras they looked identical when the police checked the alibi. And now the sister is answering some questions with the police in Buxton."
"It was a very clever plan," Mrs Stirling said.
"Ever so clever," Jessica added.
Sam stood up and walked over to the log fire. "Well, I thank God that John Thornton carried me out of the house first! I really do mean that." He turned to James and Jessica. "And it's thanks to you that Miss Parkin and John Thornton have been caught, and we've got lots of our precious things back. I'm glad you came here to Dakedale. If you like, I can show you some other exciting places around here tomorrow."
"No more caves," Mrs Cooper said.
Jessica laughed. "That's a shame. James wants to go back tomorrow to get our fleeces."
"Definitely no more caves," James said.
"You're right, James." Jessica gave a shiver. "We've seen enough of dark tunnels for now. Of course we'll come with you, Sam -- as long as I manage to get warmed up by then!"

THE END

Jesus said to him, "I am the way, and the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me (John 14:6).

"Come to me, all who labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest" (Matthew 11:28).

"I give them eternal life, and they will never perish, and no one will snatch them out of my hand" (John 10:28).


More Christian books by Chris Wright published by White Tree Publishing are on the next pages, some of which are available as both eBooks and paperbacks. Many more Christian books are available by different writers in non-fiction and fiction. The full list of published and forthcoming books is on our website www.whitetreepublishing.com. Please visit there regularly for updates.

White Tree Publishing publishes mainstream evangelical Christian literature in paperback and eBook formats for adults and younger readers. We aim to make our eBooks available free for all eBook devices, but some distributors will only list our books free at their discretion, and may make a small charge for some titles -- but they are still great value!

We rely on our readers to tell their families, friends and churches about our books. Social media is a great way of doing this. Take a look at our range of fiction and non-fiction books and pass the word on. You can even contact your Christian TV or radio station to let them know about these books. Also, please write a positive review if you are able.

Books by Chris Wright for Younger Readers
(and perhaps older readers too!)

eBook and paperback



The Two Jays Adventure
The First Two Jays Story
Chris Wright

James and Jessica, the Two Jays, are on holiday in the West Country in England where they set out to make some exciting discoveries. Have they found the true site of an ancient holy well? Is the water in it dangerous? Why does an angry man with a bicycle tell them to keep away from the deserted stone quarry?

A serious accident on the hillside has unexpected consequences, and an old Latin document may contain a secret that's connected to the two strange stone heads in the village church -- if James and Jessica can solve the puzzle. An adventure awaits!

eBook ISBN: eBook ISBN: 978-0-9954549-8-9

Available in paperback
Paperback ISBN: 978-1-5203448-8-1
5x8 inches 196 pages
Available from major internet stores


eBook and paperback



The Dark Tunnel Adventure
The Second Two Jays Story
Chris Wright

James and Jessica, the Two Jays, are on holiday in the Derbyshire Peak District in England, staying near Dakedale Manor, which has been completely destroyed in a fire. Did young Sam Stirling burn his family home down? Miss Parkin, the housekeeper, says he did, and she can prove it. Sam says he didn't, and he can't prove it. But Sam has gone missing. James and Jessica believe the truth lies behind one of the old iron doors inside the disused railway tunnel.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9957594-0-4 

Paperback ISBN: 978-1-5206386-3-8
5x8 inches
Available from major internet stores


eBook and paperback



The Cliff Edge Adventure
The Third Two Jays Story
Chris Wright

James and Jessica's Aunt Judy lives in a lonely guest house perched on top of a crumbling cliff on the west coast of Wales. She is moving out with her dog for her own safety, because she has been warned that the waves from the next big storm could bring down a large part of the cliff -- and her house with it. Cousins James and Jessica, the Two Jays, are helping her sort through her possessions, and they find an old papyrus page they think could be from an ancient copy of one of the Gospels. Two people are extremely interested in having it, but can either of them be trusted? James and Jessica are alone in the house. It's dark, the electricity is off, and the worst storm in living memory is already battering the coast. Is there someone downstairs?
This is the third Two Jays Adventure. They can be read in any order, although each one goes forward slightly in time.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9957594-4-2

Paperback ISBN: 9781-5-211370-3-1


eBook and paperback



The Midnight Farm Adventure
The Fourth Two Jays Story
Chris Wright

What is hidden in the old spoil tip by the disused Midnight Mine? Two men have permission to dig there, but they don’t want anyone watching -- especially not Jessica and James, the Two Jays. And where is Granfer Joe’s old tin box, full of what he called his treasure? The Easter holiday at Midnight Farm in Cornwall isn’t as peaceful as James’s parents planned. An early morning bike ride nearly ends in disaster, and with the so-called Hound of the Baskerville running loose, things turn out to be decidedly dangerous. This is the fourth Two Jays adventure story. You can read them in any order, although each one goes forward slightly in time.

eBook ISBN: 978-1-9997899-1-6

Also available in paperback
Paperback ISBN: 978-1-5497148-3-2


eBook and paperback



The Old House Adventure
The Fifth Two Jays Story
Chris Wright

When Jessica comes to stay with her cousin James for the summer half term, they pass a creepy old house on their way to the town museum. James rescues Maddie Quedgley, a girl their age, from being run over by a speeding truck, but when James and Jessica, known as the Two Jays, insist on taking Maddie home, it is to a house where she seems to be living on her own. From down in the basement they hear footsteps walking around above them. When the door to the basement is suddenly locked, things become dangerous. Someone is very keen to get hold of a valuable item Maddie's father is guarding. So who is the man watching them in the museum, and who is the mysterious Ethan?

This is the fifth Two Jays adventure story. They can be read in any order, although each one moves forward slightly in time.

e-Book ISBN: 978-1-912529-07-0

also available as a paperback
ISBN: 978-1-912529-06-3

eBook and paperback



The Lost Island Adventure
The Sixth Two Jays Story
Chris Wright

When James and Jessica are on a family holiday in the far north-west of the Scottish Highlands, they meet Tarben Macaulay, a boy their age who claims he is a Viking, although he seems friendly enough. Just off the coast where they are staying in Puffin Cottage is Arraig Island. When the family comes back from a shopping trip, the island is no longer there. That mystery is quickly solved, but Arraig Island becomes a dangerous place as Jessica and James, helped by Tarben, make two exciting discoveries. Are the strange couple with the campervan really birdwatchers, or do they have another interest in the island?
This is the sixth Two Jays Adventure. They can be read in any order, although each one goes forward slightly in time.

eBook ISBN: 978-1-912529-17-9

Paperback ISBN: 978-1-912529-18-6
200 pages 5x8 inches

eBook and paperback



The Black Lake Adventure
The Seventh Two Jays Story
Chris Wright

James and Jessica are staying with their friend Maddie at Daleton Farm. On their first day, James finds an old bottle in the nearby lake, with a message inside. It starts with the word HELP. The writer is a young boy who signs himself Michael, and he’s begging to be rescued from the small island in the middle of the lake, where he says he’s a prisoner. The note is forty years old, and they think it must be part of a game that was being played by the village children. But they quickly discover that the note is part of a very dark story.
When Maddie flies her photographic drone over Daleton Lake, they see something mysterious under the water. Why are the owners of Daleton Hall trying to keep them away from the lake with scary stories, and why do they angrily deny ever having had a son called Michael?

eBook ISBN: 978-1-912529-28-5

Paperback ISBN: 978-1-912529-27-8
203 pages 5x8 inches
Available from major internet stores


eBook and paperback



The Hidden Room Adventure
The Eighth Two Jays Story
Chris Wright

It’s the October mid-term holiday, and cousins James and Jessica, known as the Two Jays, get an excited phone call from their friend Maddie. The builder has found the original plans for her house, and Maddie discovers it was built in 1857 on land once belonging to Rootsdyer Farm. Some later words added to the plans set the three on a hunt for an underground room somewhere in the garden. What is hidden behind the brick wall that sounds hollow?
Who was Charlotte? According to a handwritten note on the plans, Charlotte once rested in the garden. Where? And did the Maggart Gang led by Josiah Devauden have a hideout on the farm in the early 1800s? Maddie needs to find out more for her school project, but the three soon discover that being trapped under the ground is no fun. Another exciting story in the Two Jays adventure series. They can be read in any order, although each one goes forward slightly in time.

eBook ISBN: 978-1-912529-39-1

Paperback ISBN: 978-1-912529-40-7
246 pages 5x8 inches
Available from major internet stores

eBook and paperback



The Merlin Adventure
Chris Wright

The day Daniel Talbot brought home a stuffed duck in a glass case, everyone thought he'd gone out of his mind. Even he had his doubts at times. "Fancy spending your money on that," his mother scolded him. "You needn't think it's coming into this house, because it isn't!"

When Daniel, Emma, Charlie and Julia, the Four Merlins, set out to sail their model paddle steamer on the old canal, strange and dangerous things start to happen. Then Daniel and Julia make a discovery they want to share with the others.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9954549-2-7

Paperback ISBN: 9785-203447-7-5
5x8 inches 182 pages
Available from major internet stores


eBook and paperback



The Hijack Adventure
Chris Wright

Anna's mother has opened a transport café, but why do the truck drivers avoid stopping there? An accident in the road outside brings Anna a new friend, Matthew. When they get trapped in a broken down truck with Matthew's dog, Chip, their adventure begins.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9954549-6-5

Available now in paperback
Paperback ISBN: 978-1-5203448-0-5
5x8 inches 140 pages
Available from major internet stores


eBook and paperback



The Seventeen Steps Adventure
Chris Wright

When Ryan's American cousin, Natalie, comes to stay with him in England, a film from their Gran's old camera holds some surprise photographs, and they discover there's more to photography than taking selfies! But where are the Seventeen Steps, and has a robbery been planned to take place there?

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9954549-7-2

Available now in paperback
Paperback ISBN: 978-1-5203448-6-7
5x8 inches 132 pages
Available from major internet stores


Three Adventure Puzzle Books!

eBook and paperback



The Holy Land Adventure
by
Chris Wright
An Adventure Puzzle Book

Last night you dreamt you were falling down a hole. Down and down. Now you’ve woken up with a jump, and the room seems strange. Very strange. It’s not only bright daylight, but you can hear people shouting and talking outside the window. And it’s not even your window. Your window has curtains, not the wooden shutters that are now wide open. You don’t know where you are, but you’re definitely not in your own house!
Ahead of you are 140 pages of adventure and puzzles. You don’t have to do the puzzles. You can just turn the page and carry on with your adventure. However, the puzzles will help you feel part of what’s happening, so try and solve them if you can.. You are invited to enter the time tunnel and wake up in a land over 2,000 years ago!

eBook ISBN: 978-1-912529-36-0
Also available as a paperback ISBN: 978-1-912529-34-6




Mary Jones and Her Bible
An Adventure Puzzle Book
Chris Wright
The true story of Mary Jones's and her Bible
with a clear Christian message and optional puzzles
(Some are easy, some tricky, and some amusing)

Mary Jones saved for six years to buy a Bible of her own. In 1800, when she was 15, she thought she had saved enough, so she walked barefoot for 26 miles (more than 40km) over a mountain pass and through deep valleys in Wales to get one. That's when she discovered there were none for sale!
You can travel with Mary Jones today in this book by following clues, or just reading the story. Either way, you will get to Bala where Mary went, and if you're really quick you may be able to discover a Bible just like Mary's in the market!
The true story of Mary Jones has captured the imagination for more than 200 years. For this book, Chris Wright has looked into the old records and discovered even more of the story, which is now in this unforgettable account of Mary Jones and her Bible. Solving puzzles is part of the fun, but the whole story is in here to read and enjoy whether you try the puzzles or not. Just turn the page, and the adventure continues. It's time to get on the trail of Mary Jones!

eBook ISBN: ISBN: 978-0-9933941-5-7

Paperback ISBN 978-0-9525956-2-5
5.5 x 8.5 inches
156 pages of story, photographs, line drawings and puzzles


eBook and paperback



Pilgrim's Progress
An Adventure Puzzle Book
Chris Wright

Travel with young Christian as he sets out on a difficult and perilous journey to find the King. Solve the puzzles and riddles along the way, and help Christian reach the Celestial City. Then travel with his friend Christiana. She has four young brothers who can sometimes be a bit of a problem.
Be warned, you will meet giants and lions -- and even dragons! There are people who don't want Christian and Christiana to reach the city of the King and his Son. But not everyone is an enemy. There are plenty of friendly people. It's just a matter of finding them.
Are you prepared to help? Are you sure? The journey can be very dangerous! As with our book Mary Jones and Her Bible, you can enjoy the story even if you don't want to try the puzzles.



 This is a simplified and abridged version of Pilgrim's Progress -- Special Edition, containing illustrations and a mix of puzzles. The suggested reading age is up to perhaps ten. Older readers will find the same story told in much greater detail in Pilgrim's Progress -- Special Edition on the next page.

eBook ISBN 13: 978-0-9933941-6-4

Paperback ISBN: 978-0-9525956-6-3
5.5 x 8.5 inches 174 pages £6.95
Available from major internet stores

eBook and paperback



Pilgrim's Progress
Special Edition
Chris Wright

This book for all ages is a great choice for young readers, as well as for families, Sunday school teachers, and anyone who wants to read John Bunyan's The Pilgrim's Progress in a clear form.
All the old favourites are here: Christian, Christiana, the Wicket Gate, Interpreter, Hill Difficulty with the lions, the four sisters at the House Beautiful, Vanity Fair, Giant Despair, Faithful and Talkative -- and, of course, Greatheart. The list is almost endless.
The first part of the story is told by Christian himself, as he leaves the City of Destruction to reach the Celestial City, and becomes trapped in the Slough of Despond near the Wicket Gate. On his journey he will encounter lions, giants, and a creature called the Destroyer.
Christiana follows along later, and tells her own story in the second part. Not only does Christiana have to cope with her four young brothers, she worries about whether her clothes are good enough for meeting the King. Will she find the dangers in Vanity Fair that Christian found? Will she be caught by Giant Despair and imprisoned in Doubting Castle? What about the dragon with seven heads?
It's a dangerous journey, but Christian and Christiana both know that the King's Son is with them, helping them through the most difficult parts until they reach the Land of Beulah, and see the Celestial City on the other side of the Dark River. This is a story you will remember for ever, and it's about a journey you can make for yourself.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9932760-8-8 

Paperback ISBN: 978-0-9525956-7-0
5.5 x 8.5 inches 278 pages
Available from major internet stores

eBook and paperback



Zephan and the Vision
Chris Wright

An exciting story about the adventures of two angels who seem to know almost nothing -- until they have a vision!
Two ordinary angels are caring for the distant Planet Eltor, and they are about to get a big shock -- they are due to take a trip to Planet Earth! This is Zephan's story of the vision he is given before being allowed to travel with Talora, his companion angel, to help two young people fight against the enemy.
Arriving on Earth, they discover that everyone lives in a small castle. Some castles are strong and built in good positions, while others appear weak and open to attack. But it seems that the best-looking castles are not always the most secure.
Meet Castle Nadia and Castle Max, the two castles that Zephan and Talora have to defend. And meet the nasty creatures who have built shelters for themselves around the back of these castles. And worst of all, meet the shadow angels who live in a cave on Shadow Hill. This is a story about the forces of good and the forces of evil. Who will win the battle for Castle Nadia?
The events in this story are based very loosely on John Bunyan's allegory The Holy War.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9932760-6-4

Paperback ISBN: 978-0-9525956-9-4
5.5 x 8.5 inches 216 pages
Available from major internet stores

eBook and paperback



Agathos, The Rocky Island,
And Other Stories
Chris Wright

Once upon a time there were two favourite books for Sunday reading: Parables from Nature and Agathos and The Rocky Island.
These books contained short stories, usually with a hidden meaning. In this illustrated book is a selection of the very best of these stories, carefully retold to preserve the feel of the originals, coupled with ease of reading and understanding for today’s readers.
Discover the king who sent his servants to trade in a foreign city. The butterfly who thought her eggs would hatch into baby butterflies, and the two boys who decided to explore the forbidden land beyond the castle boundary. The spider that kept being blown in the wind, the soldier who had to fight a dragon, the four children who had to find their way through a dark and dangerous forest. These are just six of the nine stories in this collection. Oh, and there’s also one about a rocky island!
This is a book for a young person to read alone, a family or parent to read aloud, Sunday school teachers to read to the class, and even for grownups who want to dip into the fascinating stories of the past all by themselves. Can you discover the hidden meanings? You don’t have to wait until Sunday before starting!

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9927642-7-2

Paperback ISBN: 978-0-9525956-8-7
5.5 x 8.5 inches 148 pages £5.95
Available from major internet stores




Four short books by Chris Wright, of help in the Christian life:

So, What Is a Christian? An introduction to a personal faith.
Paperback ISBN: 978-0-9927642-2-7
eBook ISBN: 978-0-9933941-2-6

Starting Out -- help for new Christians of all ages.
Paperback ISBN 978-1-4839-622-0-7
eBook ISBN: 978-0-9933941-0-2

Help! -- Explores some problems we can encounter with our faith.
Paperback ISBN 978-0-9927642-2-7
eBook ISBN: 978-0-9933941-1-9

Running Through the Bible -- a simple understanding of what’s in the Bible.
Paperback ISBN: 978-0-9927642-6-5
eBook ISBN: 978-0-9933941-3-3



Don't forget to check our website www.whitetreepublishing.com  for the latest books, and updates on availability

Return to Table of Contents

